  the story about the 12-year-old russian a-student who wanted to become a police officer for the money is striking . 
  not only do they demand bribes to make ends meet , it 's such a profitable part of the job that it becomes the job . 
  and russian is a lot more common in ukraine than it looks . 
  then the * only * way to get better officials is to start a grassroots movement and : * stop giving and accepting bribes whenever possible * write laws that punish bribery * and enforce them * * pay your police officers ( etc ) living wages * expect better from your peers and deride them if they support corruption if this sounds idealistic , it does because it is . 
  nothing ever changed for the better without a grain of unrealistic idealism . 
  and if the indians can do it , why would n't you be able to ? 
  corruption is the death of politics , i have family in ukraine and they 're getting very pessimistic because of the rampant corruption there . 
  then you have to deal with the cultural problem ... 
  i 'm just saying you do n't have any stakes , and as an eu-skeptic , you seem to have a tendency to think that everything that is bad for the eu is good for you . 
  a drachma economy would necessarily have to shrink ( by devaluation ) . 
  this way , all their debt , which is in euros , would be even harder to pay the interest on . 
  i can see how you would like that , since it would mean that most eu * countries * ( i.e. 
  taxpayers ) would have to pay up for the lost money , but the uk would go unscathed . 
  great , unbiased source !, 
   the government in athens should be granted a kind of sabbatical from the euro , while otherwise remaining a full member of the european union . 
  the country would leave the monetary union and reintroduce the drachma , for example . 
  the drachma would immediately trade at deep discount to the euro , making greece 's export and tourism sectors competitive again . 
  once the country had achieved a higher level of social , political and economic development , it could return to the euro zone . 
  this would require the greek state to go bankrupt . 
  a few politicians did not create the greek mess alone . 
  and as far as i know , they were elected in free & democratic elections . 
  as a former prime minister of sweden said in the 90s ( at the time , he was head of the treasury ) , after the swedish economy had tanked , and he had to go beg private investors for money :  the indebted are not free, 
  for the people to win a victory in the short term , there has to be something to take . 
  in this case , the treasury is empty . 
  no-one can win this in the short term . 
  lifestyle choices , i think . 
  a major one is how common it is for women to smoke cigarettes . 
  in eastern europe , there is a sizeable minority of * men * that drink so much vodka that they die from it . 
  japanese still do this . 
  below zero indoors = wtf ? 
  the government would be piss-poor though . 
  instead of running a deficit and hoping for better times , it would be no loans , for a while . 
  but sure , if the greek economy got as cheap as the turkish , things would look different for people having the guts to invest . 
   due to the terms of the loans , mainly the austerity requirements , and the structure of the euro as a currency , greece ca n't use many of the economic tools that countries with their own currency typically use when in a similar situation to boost growth . 
  greece would be pretty much fucked without the eu too . 
  it would have to default on its loans and the country would be drained of capital . 
  yeah , essentially , but hardly anyone knows about classical , left-leaning social liberalism any more !, 
  absolutely , but there is in my opinion no better word to describe an ideology that wants to divide society in public services/private services , a third way between capitalism and socialism . 
  the population of greenland is about 50,000 . 
  5 murders per year / 50,000 is about 10 murders per 100,000 people . 
  sweden is mostly social democratic , though . 
  the `` conservative '' party ( the moderates ) only got where they did by shifting quite a bit to the left . 
  many people would say that they 're still a right-wing party , but they have basically abandoned all their radical positions . 
  brejvik ( intentionally misspelled ) is n't even classified as a terrorist by a lot of security analysts . 
  white people can not commit terrorists acts , according to some . 
  also , the population is so low that it `` only '' takes 5 murders per year to get that rate . 
  it is awfully complicated . 
  bump up your europhilia . 
  it certainly would n't . 
  i support the center-right government in sweden . 
  in europe ? 
  social democracy is pretty big here . 
  i missed `` social democrat '' . 
  i 'd label myself `` liberal social democrat '' . 
  socialism , for me , indicates that there is no market economy . 
  is n't swedish , danish and norwegian closer to german than icelandic ? 
  they got influenced by german twice ( hansa-era ) . 
  one example of this is the class of be - words ( befolka , belysa , etc ) . 
  the german banks , iirc have accepted a haircut , so it 's about them getting * some * money back , not nearly all of it . 
  we import meat from outside the eu too . 
  i like some meat , but certainly not all kinds of meat , and sausages were never a favourite ( except for stuff like salami ) . 
  i meant in general . 
  in ukraine there 's like one brand of sausage where the meaty part is meat , the rest are filled out with soy protein . 
  i tried to eat a soy protein sausage ( i 'm a vegetarian ) , but it was spiced to taste like real meat , so no go . 
  i think it exists in sweden too , it 's just not very popular . 
  the normal price is 10 % of that . 
  this was during the great scandinavian butter shortage of 2011 . 
  sausages were subpar , though . 
  swedish salted butter is damn good too . 
  recently it sold for $ 50 a kilo in norway ... 
  i think you 're confused . 
  uht is over 100 deg c under pressure . 
  regular pasteurisation is at 75 deg c. 
  `` h '' is for haltbar . 
  you do n't even need a fridge !, 
  unfortunately , cheap meat is very popular in many european countries as well . 
  maybe not quite as popular , but still . 
  to sustain your high meat consumption . 
  i hope you hunt :-), 
  no , more like [ this ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/tunnbr\u00f6d ), 
  i 'm very adamant about my breakfast : * plain * yoghurt with m\u00fcsli . 
  the other swedish things would be thin bread ( i prefer the soft variant ) and hard bread . 
  and the occasional yellow pea soup . 
  my brother spent a year in australia , i 'm starting to understand his complaint about `` white toast every day '' now . 
  i 'm twelve and what is this ? 
  seriously , some explanations are in order , 
  ... especially good if you know italian , i guess . 
  nope , swedish media is not better . 
  i did n't hear what reinfeldt said exactly , but both right-leaning media and the left-leaning opposition understood it as `` a general raise of the retirement age to 75 '' . 
  i suspect it 's a framing game . 
  next suggestion will be 67 like in germany . 
  it is touted as `` retire at 75 '' in sweden too . 
  ... right, 
  ukraine has had it really bad this week . 
  schools are closed due temperatures below -20 deg c the whole week . 
  that 's not exactly what i meant . 
  and turkey and saudi arabia are constitutionally more far apart than turkey and the eu countries . 
  a positive improvement recently is that the military has lost some of its hold on government , the end result seems to be a military that does n't have `` civic duties '' ( or whatever euphemism they use ) . 
  the kurdish situation is certainly not solved , but it 's better than it was 20 years ago ( nominally a lot better ) . 
  there are protocols for this , and the general idea seems to be that when countries are making good progress , they are `` approved '' on grounds of their * progress * .
