  mad bants , bro, 
  you ca n't drive in a straight line !, 
  it 's a short flight . 
  the fastest bus transfer is 11 hours, 
  * smoking weed every day *, 
  yeah , it 's a lose-lose in game theory terms . 
  people tend to forget that aggressively striving to win at any cost will lead to worse outcomes for nearly all . 
  it really does n't dominate debate if there is common ground and people can actually agree on basic facts . 
  this is what protecting the political arena and institutions is about . 
  yes , this is representative of a dysfunctional democracy . 
  we have those problems in sweden too , but they do n't dominate the political debate ( yet , hopefully never ) . 
  the telecoms were milking sms for a decade too, 
  * if you die in traffic , it 's your fault * if you die in a terrorist attack , it 's your government 's fault * if you die from pollution , it 's noone 's fault, 
  china makes excellent money providing samsung and apple with factories . 
  there are nuances to this . 
  see edit . 
  yes , that was n't my point . 
  my point was that swedes will only understand what `` deka - '' means if you mention it 's the number in `` decathlon '' , and barely that ( swedish is ` tiokamp ' ) . 
  we use deciliters and decimeters , but i had to google `` dekalogi '' to be sure what you meant . 
  subway is 15 cm or 30 cm in sweden . 
  interesting . 
  it 's all `` deci - '' and no `` deka - '' here . 
   i think it 's because people just have a better understanding of how long a meter or centimeter is . 
  i can assure 99 % of adult swedes have an intuitive understanding of how long a dm is . 
  intuition is trained by use , that 's about all there is to it . 
  swedes like `` deci - '' , what can i say ? 
  tony blair was ok in my book - apart from his foreign policy . 
  i like macron , but i suspect this will become reality . 
  no , japan , singapore , south korea , taiwan ... they all work closely with industry and state . 
  it 's liberalism , and it is n't : their approach does reduce the freedom of markets . 
  surprise , the blogger is anti-ukraine and pro-russia . 
  it worked so well the last one thousand years !, 
  nope , celebrating 6th of june is slowly becoming popular . 
  it 's only been a public holiday since 2005 . 
  the deluge and other crimes when we were a regional power with colonial ambitions . 
  if it were n't for the whole invading thing , they could have had most of their policies against jews implemented all over europe . 
  many supported hitler 's rhetoric against the jews , unfortunately . 
  they want them gone and suffering in their own corner of the world . 
  everything seems evident in hindsight . 
  combatting the soviets in afghanistan in the 80 's was seen as a local measure , for example . 
   austria 's foreign minister sebastian kurz has a proposal that many in brussels wo n't appreciate : stop refugees from reaching european soil . 
  this is the official position - not controversial anymore . 
  the point of the deal with turkey was to stop asylum seekers from reaching the eu . 
  sweden and germany always assumed the rest of europe would `` do the right thing '' . 
  we never intended to shoulder the burden alone ( although the hope that others would change their position was quite naive ) . 
  refugees are absolutely a burden , helping those in need does n't come free . 
  the rest of europe , apart from hungary , were also fine with letting the refugee travel without papers . 
  it 's also very likely this is n't more than a temporary problem . 
  radical left-wing terror was a problem in europe too , but that has lost steam now . 
  islamist terror is about 30 years old , i doubt the allure of it can stay strong one or two decades more . 
  there 's a constant friction , however , since secularism and islam are at odds for most muslims . 
  yup , an island they have strong-armed themselves into , and where people are living in squalor with daily abuse . 
  yay !, 
  doctors who go there from australia get ptsd it 's so bad . 
  ( and of course they have gag orders against describing what they see ) . 
  the solution is to work with governments around the mediterranean , so the boats never reach international waters . 
  in conclusion , ww2 happened because europeans suck . 
  if you never misjudge time and run out of energy to look for the perfect place to eat , you have never traveled in a group . 
  leftist blame white people for islamist terrorism , it 's a fact given from heaven . 
  no source or proof needed . 
  if pushed , you can always cite a nutter saying something moronic , or quote out of context . 
  not going to happen . 
  this is the convulsions of a radical ideology , and much like the communist terror up to 1975 or so , it will subside . 
  from my perspective obama was hardly a saint , but hardly different from any else in this regard . 
  obama had to provide the american economy with a soft landing after the largest market crash in decades , while the republicans filibustered everything . 
  after that episode of fire-fighting , he lost house and senate . 
  it was all uphill from there . 
  no , they did a moronic thing , but at least they do n't contest that it was stupid . 
  notice how they do n't try to deflect the fact that they damaged the site, 
  also : more white ( the elite , that is ) and more knowledgeable about their masters . 
  you 'd have remained a semi-independent colony for another hundred years , tops . 
  all of the americas became independent from europe quite early ( in comparison to africa and east asia ), 
  it 's grown worse the last decade , however . 
  why would the market bother doing that much about a problem that does n't cost anything ? 
  releasing co2 is free in the us , after all . 
  and since nobody 's measuring , green-washing your company is a lot cheaper than actually reducing the co2 impact of it . 
  on that part we agree, 
  my point is that bernie is vocally against free trade , and would be happy to slap on tariffs on goods from the eu, 
  bernie is protectionist too , and a trade war would not be good for the us - german relationship . 
  in theory , russia wants germany as an ally . 
  but as long as germany strives for european unity and the integration of eastern europe , that 's not on the table . 
  schr\u00f6der was as close as putin got . 
  several countries in the eu already tax carbon . 
  birka is already done for , too late, 
  sarcasm there needs to be an absolute ban on people preaching violence , however . 
  careful vetting of religious doctrine from wahabbists on all levels . 
   so , let 's say we respond with ` force ' . 
  what exactly does that mean ? 
  we ca n't be a punching bag . 
  what does that imply ? 
  punching back ? 
  on what ? 
  on who ? 
  any and all muslims , regardless of who they are or what they 've done . 
  a pogrom , if you will . 
  it 's politics of action , not thought . 
  fika is love fika is life . 
  fika means taking a generous brake from everything , to sit down and have coffee , some sweet pastry , cookie or bun , and a chat . 
  in sweden , `` fikus '' ( fica/fico ) was used to denote a gay ( or queer ) person , but it 's falling out of use . 
  we do , but we got tired of their obsessing spamming , so news outlets usually do n't allow comments anymore .
