  but viewed from government statistics , it 's harmless voluntary poverty , instead of alarming unemployment . 
  well , self-employment needs to be monitored , because it seems to me that many are trying to run a profit , but failing , and increasingly so today . 
  self-employed and salaryless needs to be its own category . 
  `` self-employment '' what does that mean ? 
  many self-employed likely have a salary near zero , several people in my social circle are in this situraion . 
  no , they do n't like actual lesbians , only pretend lesbians . 
  yeah , russia was not a good place in the 90 's , but at least not many had the time to hunt down artists , subcultures and dissenters . 
  if you had money , on the other hand , you 'd have to run your own private security . 
  really ? 
  the singing was great , and with that setup she could n't exactly be expected to make cartwheels . 
  her performance was impeccable , so i do n't quite get why people are so upset that she won . 
  social standing absolutely influences how the law is applied , but that only reinforces the need to constantly try and push back . 
  it means that if you care about justice , you know that your work will be constantly undermined by opposing forces of human nature . 
  longest word master race !, 
  swedes and finns concur . 
  sweden : it 's no 2 and no 6 . 
  on the other hand , the song is not among the top 50 most played on spotify last week . 
  all old news , yes : that 's why i wrote '' ikea of today '' . 
  there 's no evidence that money earned on ikea ever funded neonazis , only that `` swedish national socialists agree with the corporate culture of ikea '' , which is simply them hitching on the success of a famous company . 
  a bit of a stretch . 
  there 's no evidence that ikea of today supports nazism in any way . 
  i 'd count on it being a force for globalization , as with all global companies . 
  yeah , i 've studied political theory a bit , and many scholar classify fascism not by what it wants , or their analysis of society , but by what emotions they appeal to and what actions they consider appropriate . 
  it 's a modern day tribal ideology , and at the core is the strength to evoke feelings of `` we '' and `` them '' . 
  i think you missed my point . 
  my point is that even though stalinism was awful and the later communism was economically inflexible , the general boom at the time ( increased agricultural and industrial output , radio , refrigerators , cars , tv a.s.o ) , came into effect at the same time , improving the standard of living substantially . 
  soviet style communism was good at heavy industry , given a reasonable base . 
  china failed in the 1950-60s because the tried to jump start a heavy industry from nothing . 
  those years were great for making grand plans and providing an improved living standard for almost everyone . 
  that is , 1955-1975 ( approx ) era communism looked good much thanks to a general industrial boom that central planning could take advantage of almost as well as capitalism + state intervention/protection . 
  soviet style socialism had the advantage of enjoying post-war boom . 
  if you think life was easy in the east before the oil crisis , it was as easy in the west . 
  unemployment barely existed here either . 
  then , in the 70s , the economic boom came to a stop , and unemployment and social strife crept upon western europe , while the east stagnated . 
  32 has venezuelans envious ... 
  if you send a completely contradictory messages to the `` left '' ( communists ) and `` right '' ( fascists ) , it will be picked up by people who are uncritical enough to be fooled into doing your bidding . 
  think email scams with obvious holes in them . 
  it serves to remove people who are intelligent to back out anyway . 
  germany has a bunch of conservative people too . 
  the nordics was n't represented at all :(, 
  it was morally unacceptable to raise left-handed children not long ago . 
  crazy , huh ? 
  war on gravity !, 
  also : `` it 's called `` niggerball '' , goddammit '', 
  this may be the case when it comes to racism , but not other issues , in my experience . 
  i 'm sure there are negotiations about these terms as well . 
  that 's a problem with the certifying agency . 
  if the agency that issues the cert is too lax , hopefully consumers will find out in the end . 
  apples are not a homogenous product . 
  it may well be that there are specific sorts of apple that come from the us . 
  by volume , there is no demand for american apples , but by taste ( or other quality ) there may be . 
  american apples are not very popular . 
  but i think maybe one of the 10 or so more uncommon sorts of apple you can get in sweden sometimes come from the us . 
  it can be free trade if imports have to meet the same criteria as the domestic products . 
  polish apples are the best and the cheapest  meanwhile , apples are rotting in the streets every autumn here . 
  if it 's certified ( without cheating , etc ) , it means that less pesticides were used . 
  same thing with cheaper liquor in finland . 
  shame on sweden , really . 
  first we contribute to 1/3 of germans getting killed in the 30 years war , then we went on to kill 1/3 of the people of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , with the just a break to take a piss in prague :(, 
  the v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd will intensify !, 
  ah , he 's only digging on the dichotomy that real mean can not display any sense of style while retaining manliness . 
  italian men are seen to be stylish =  italian men are girly , since stylish men can not be manly . 
  get the logic ? 
  dutch thought on caring for small children seems to be 33 % `` women should n't work full time '' , 33 % `` the extended family should regularly do some of the work '' , 33 % `` yeah , add in a little daycare too '' , total patchwork . 
  swedish compulsory sterilization for the mentally disabled and dirt poor was n't ended until 1975 . 
  it 's a dirty past that showed how at times the government thought it new how people should live their lives and interfere directly . 
  a remnant was the long lasting law that transsexuals needed to go through sterilization before a sex change operation . 
  to be honest , the beer i drink the most to dinner is not far from that at 55 eurocents for 50 cl , but it is half strength ( 2.8 ) . 
  huh ? 
  finland had it hard after the war , sweden was booming in the 50 's and 60 's , almost keeping up with the us in wealth . 
  we had n't been in ww2 , and europe was in need of everything we could manufacture . 
  basically , we have put a ridiculous amount of faith in the state , and the public servants have returned our trust by not fucking up . 
  i 'm not entirely sure it will last . 
  fra has n't been involved in anything that has to do with the press , afaik . 
  s\u00e4po , on the other hand , has been . 
  we also like to make a bunch of not-quite sensitive stuff `` secret of the state '' for vague reasons . 
  same thing in sweden . 
  the greens ( who sometimes are extreme in their ideas , but rarely in practice ) have strong support among journalists and may have enjoyed preferential treatment by journalists . 
  on the whole , the swedish media is pretty centrist , apart from being adamantly pro-immigration . 
  the social democrats now also favor looking at the defense spending in a different light , but have n't said much concrete on the matter . 
  i see you 're angry that germany lost wwi and wwii . 
  is this the norwegian `` familjeliv.se '' ` ? 
  diplomacy works as long as the nations you talk to have reason to listen to you grounded in realpolitik . 
  i suspect what they got in return was recognition that crimea is a part of russia . 
   i think that the west has to increase their sanctions because there is no military option imo there is a military option . 
  it 's just not for the faint of heart . 
  it also would n't involve nuclear weapons , aside from empty threats . 
  things would have to go very far before any side pressed the button . 
  honestly , i think russia would back off as soon as they were met with any serious resistance . 
  old alliances die hard . 
  a friend is a friend . 
  serbia and russia , best bros forever , etc. 
  te crazy thing is that the old communists ( often turned socialists ) still root for russia , even though it 's no longer communist at all . 
   if we were willing to compromise we could solve all these issues peacefully then the guy who 's prepared to take the conflict one step further may have his way . 
  did russia ask anyone before they sent troops into crimea ? 
  they claim they did , but if you look at the action , it 's clear that the `` cry for help '' is simply a facade to make it look better . 
  you have to go out quite far on a limb to claim that russia did not orchestrate the events on crimea . 
  sure , they had allies in crimea , but those allies did not want to make a move on their own . 
  there are 400,000 people in that area ? 
  why would the currency crash ?
