  great-russian identity is based on the expansion of muscovy , not novgorod . 
  muscovy ransacked novgorod and slaughtered the inhabitants , and it is the centuries of muscovite , tsarist , and soviet autocracy that have done most of the work of shaping great-russian identity . 
  exactly . 
  as i understand it , modern russia and russian identity is the result of muscovite ascension amongst rivalling states with some shared history . 
  moscow was n't more legitimate `` russian '' than novgorod , only more succesful . 
   next term , vote the criminal idiot yanukovich out and hopefully elect a better leader you 're missing how yanukovich were organizing the party of regions with forced membership for businessmen , etc , to make sure he would n't lose the next election . 
   erdo\u011fan admitted that they manufactured evidence to jail the secular generals and i think they are going to be released surprise !, 
  one can only hope the islamists lose their stranglehold on power in turkey . 
   if the referendum goes without falsification crimea will stay a part of ukraine i 'm not sure , all you need to do is to trump up the propaganda , and bully those who 'd vote `` no '' to abstain from voting . 
  with the troops on the ground , the ban on ukrainian media and the new government in crimea , i think it would be easy to achieve , even with observers on the ground . 
  i saw an old man doing proper recycling of packaging the other day . 
  that makes me proud ... 
  in country were brute force is the final word , brute force is what counts . 
  otherwise , it is often up to the current narrative what happens . 
  i have no doubt that the russians and pro-russian blocks can muster a 80 % + vote on crimea , given the current situation . 
  if you care about your health , you do n't talk badly of russia , the not russian troops there or speak in ukrainian . 
  99 % support never happens in a free country . 
  seriously . 
  the problem is that if one half of a country decides to murder the other half , there still is no clear legal grounds for intervention , right ? 
  the rationale for intervention was very real massacres of tens of thousands of civilians , can you claim that it would n't have been worse if we 'd done nothing ? 
   er , what ? 
  there was no ethnic cleansing of albanians in serbia . 
  there was a counter-insurgency against the kla , which was a terrorist force , and which actually did cleanse serbs when it got its way . 
  you 're correct , it was a fight between serbs and kosovar separatists . 
  i ca n't say i defend that operation , but i guess the once the interventions in yugoslavia started , the momentum was to continue . 
   but there was plenty of shit-stirring by foreign powers as well , including premature recognition of illegal secessions , croatia ? 
  how would that have played out ? 
  the yugoslavian/serbian army would have crushed the rebellion ? 
  it 's my personal observation . 
  where i grew up , girls were at risk of an ass-grab from 4th grade to 12th grade . 
   1870 to 1914 wow , 44 years . 
  1945 -  1992 is about the same , no ? 
  and the war in yugoslavia can not be pinned on the west or russia , it was caused by militant nationalists within yugoslavia . 
  as an aftermath , there was the ethnical cleansing in serbia . 
  should we just have left the serbs to push all albainans out of the country ? 
  i think the levels are similar in european countries , but the willingness to report higher in the nordic countries . 
  but i may be wrong . 
  in my case , it was an epidemic in 4th and 5th grade . 
  half of the guys in class were grabbing asses and sexually assaulting girls . 
  once in 8th grade , i remember a guy grabbing/pinching the crotch of a girl who was just trying to get to her seat in the classroom . 
  nothing came out of this ( i.e. 
  there were no consequences for the guy that did it ) . 
  no , but 95 % of the girls will experience it . 
  it only takes a few frisky guys per class . 
  think of it like this : what if you 're negotiating a contract , and the buyer/supplier asks you out on a date out of the blue ? 
  you want to secure a contract and maintain good relations , and the guy asks you out on a date . 
  that 's certainly `` inappropriate '' . 
  that was in the cold-war era . 
  yeah , the assumption that independence is not an option is quite annoying . 
  but since they want to control all their neighbors , they assume that the point of american influence is the same . 
  nato membership = ruled from washington . 
  they refuse to see that nato membership is the only available option if you want some independence from russian bullying . 
  or poland ? 
  poland has been doing great in the eu , with a similar starting point . 
  attitude in sweden changed in the 80 's . 
  from the 90 's and on only reckless people skip the seatbelt ( same demography that would ride motorcycles with as little protection as possible ) . 
  indoctrination really works : i 've nearly forgotten to belt my 4-year-old once or twice , and he reminded me - not using a seatbelt is n't an option for him . 
  where 's the evidence that car traffic has decreased ? 
  between 2002 and 2012 i think it 's been quite stable , and increase up to 2008 , and a slight decrease thereafter . 
  anyway , car deaths in sweden maxed out in the early 60 's with about one thousand dead in a year . 
  now it 's less than 300 dead per year with four times as many cars driving longer distances and faster . 
  `` haha '', 
  . . and now ukrainians in crimea are chided for talking in ukrainian . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  but yanukovich four appointments to the court did help . 
  and there was additional constitutional changes introduced a few months later . 
  he managed to get the high court to rule the 2004 constitutional changes unconstitutional . 
   in october 2010 , the court reversed the 2004 constitutional reform ( even though in 2008 the court refused to consider a similar motion ) claiming that the changes had been carried out unlawfully , and thus restored the 1996 constitution, 
  adding these sums up you end up with a few millions of dollars , even if we take the sources at face value . 
  sources that by definition want to publish contrarian news . 
  eu and the us have invested in ukraine with ngos and diplomacy , but why should n't they ? 
  merkel 's germnay has been quite passive in responding to the russian invasion of crimea and are generally seen as pretty russia-friendly . 
  i 've heard that , yes . 
  jews * in ukraine * have not voiced the same concerns to any meaningful extent . 
  you do n't think the us got criticized for the invasion of iraq ? 
   but anyway in the end i hope ukrainians will be able to unite and decide whats best for themselves , and the media hype and propaganda dies down a bit ( just look at the front page of this sub , but it 's a lost cause anyway ) . 
  the have to deal with the russian invasion somehow first . 
  everything you mention is propaganda , there were jews in euromaidan , there 's a jew in the new government , the status of russian was not changed , no evidence at all of a `` multi-billion investment '' . 
  one side is using its army to invade the other . 
  that 's pretty clear-cut . 
  the evidence is that yanukovich ran a successful campaign and won fairly . 
  the problem is that he has run a `` winners takes all '' presidency , including changing the constitution to give himself more power . 
  the start of presidents who turn dictators is to change the constitution to give them more power . 
  this , in itself , is a highly suspicious move . 
  yanukovich then used this power to consolidate his power even more , basically aiming to become the putin of ukraine . 
  buying time , confusing people . 
  even the russian shills on reddit only have that goal . 
  buy time , confuse . 
  it 's buying time . 
  by using troops that do n't identify * themselves * as being russian , putin hopes to stall international efforts . 
  every day counts . 
  also , for propaganda purposes to fool his own population and the population of ukraine that is wired to russian tv . 
  most ukrainians have access to both ukranian and russian news , and if you have been watching only russian news the last 3 months , you 'd be really confused abouts events at the moment . 
  in the great northern war of 1700-1721 . 
  as a swede i 'm a also a good `` friend '' of poland . 
  although one of the last times poland and russia were allies as some sort of equals , it was against sweden . 
  look how that turned out ... 
  that 's one owrldview . 
  i guess it makes sense from a russian point of view . 
  the local government of crimea refuses to recognize the current government in kiev as legitimate and is pressured by anti-maidan people on the ground to do so .
