  russia 's contribution this year was also quite traditional , keeping most of the eurovision song format . 
  australia 's contribution was a modern power balad , and delivered flawlessly . 
  power ballads have been popular for a while , but at least their different from 80 's `` schlager '' . 
  probably , the juries consist of people that are more interested in music than the general public and with a stronger tendency to think that eurovision should change with the times and not be stuck in the 80 's . 
  i 'm afraid you have caught the gay , if you are a man . 
  italy won the pop vote last year, 
  a lot of people did think it was great song, 
  polarising song, 
  i disagree . 
  going last is an advantage . 
  sweden could n't vote in semifinal 2 , this could explain why norway did not make it this year . 
   is it ` scone ' or ` scon ' ? 
  it 's decidedly `` sk\u00e5ns '', 
  nearly everyone i met in japan had a decent grasp of sweden , though . 
  ha , i refuse to spell it any other way than aluminium . 
  still american english rules supreme . 
  i tried to spell armor with a ` u ' for the longest time . 
  now , i 've resigned to using american spelling . 
  i will use uk english words and slang if i want to , however . 
  max martin, 
  it 's also called ** nhl ** !, 
  why is every hockey fan in the world so concerned with it ? 
  it should be all-american us only hockey . 
  these damn europeans are destroy wholesome yankee hockey . 
  bah , we colonized the shit out of these regions . 
  and you ca n't get much more swedish than h\u00e4lsingland . 
  not committed enough . 
  yup , and eesti can not into nordic quite yet . 
  they 'd be electable for temporary visa , as normal . 
  there 's no evidence the guy is affiliated with religion at all . 
  the vast majority of people who are able to stab someone are able to pronounce the words allahu akbar, 
  only for 1.5 billion people . 
  in 1866 a thousand veterans from the civil war marched on canada , won a battle in which they killed 12 people , before they were forced to withdraw by the american command . 
  i do n't know about bombs in the us , but irish nationalists launched their own , unsanctioned attack on canada in 1866 . 
  the idea was that britain would fight the us in canada , so they 'd have less resources to use in ireland . 
  ( they also built a submarine with the intention to use it to privately sink british ships on the american coast , but that plan was discovered as the vessel neared completion ), 
  what we can learn from this is that the strife was real , the conflict was real , the problems with criminality were real , but ultimately , it abated , and the irish in the us became americans . 
  similarly , i think that as long as the rate of immigration into europe is reasonable ( < 1 % of population per year ) , and the furor of the relatively young ideology of islamism dies down , * and we stick to our liberal values * , europe will be fine . 
  different , yes , mostly similar , yes . 
  keep in mind that communist terrorism was a problem for ~ 60 years ( 1917-77 ) , and we came out that fine . 
  [ the irish preferred bombs ] ( http://inthepastlane.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/anti-irish-cartoon-puck-e1880s.jpg ) . 
  or a central european university ... like soros edit : do people do n't know orban is trying to shut down ceu ? 
   did n't he sued because he had only ps3 for gaming and he wanted ps4 ? 
  read better sources . 
  breivik leads a miserable existence . 
  he 's completely isolated from everyone except trained professionals . 
  he has no access to information . 
  he tried to sue the norwegian state , won in the case of regular naked cavity searches , but lost in the case of right to correspondence . 
  he 's kept at the brink of losing his mind . 
  you would n't last more than a week in this `` hotel '' , which breivik is unlikely to ever get out of . 
  hmm , interesting that in this war , breivik still outnumbers `` the enemy '' a factor ten to one in the nordic countries . 
  * russian tv after mh-17 * russian reporting on ukraine in general * soviet handling of chernobyl ultimately , you still have to believe that there are people who report the primary facts in a manner that agrees with your understanding of truth and knowledge, 
  my impression is that russian propaganda is all over the place . 
  both blatant and subtle . 
  the reason they spread rumours that are obviously false is to nurture the conspiracy theorists , lower trust in official statements about events , and disturb the consensus . 
  just look at what the american right has done with climate change . 
  a barrage of stuff . 
  also , contrary to what many believe , immigrants from high nativity countries have a total fertility rate maxing out at 3.0 in the first generation , then it goes down . 
  most of ukraine is perfectly safe for the obviously jewish . 
  my family in ukraine root for the small remaining jewish community in their city , have plenty of contacts in israel , etc. 
  the ww2 massacre in kiev ( babi yar ) was forgotten during soviet years ( the mass grave was bulldozed over ) , but is now remembered openly . 
  if someone said that ukrainians are about as homophobic as russians , i 'd have to agree , though . 
  this sounds good , but it 's quite off . 
  unless you live in these areas , you do n't understand . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
   these politicians pretending that they are unaware are simply lying . 
  they 're willingly turning a blind eye to this in order to protect the parents , the saudi-funded clerics and the muslim community in general . 
  they do n't care about the children . 
  children can not vote nor do they have a voice or any money . 
  hogwash . 
  this is about sticking your head into the sand , because the problem sounds unreal . 
  they sure as hell do n't like the fundamentalist clerics . 
  the muslim organisations are simply good at knowing what to say . 
  separate what you say in arabic and what you say in swedish . 
  it 's happened over and over again . 
  the largest problem is clinging to dishonest talking partners . 
  some of the larger muslim organisations want to paint over all problems while getting fee reign in their neighbourhoods . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the point is that most of these 300k engineers did not leave great jobs in romania . 
  consider this : in ukraine it 's considered a bad idea to get a degree in engineering . 
  why ? 
  because there are few good engineering jobs in ukraine . 
  the same probably held in romania the last 20-25 years : a lack of good engineering jobs . 
  good . 
  we can walk over lilla b\u00e4lt when you have given up . 
  a united europe is strong enough to tackle anything the world has to offer , except for 19th century nationalism and catastrophic global warming . 
  yes , denmark can into irrelevance  you should leave nato too . 
  i think we would have had the germany outcome : we would have been fine . 
  maybe we would have had to pay more to greece . 
  well , we do have politicians calling for `` dialogue '' , and claiming that a nato membership would `` aggravate russia '' . 
  but that 's not major themes . 
  2/3 or so of the turks who support erdogan only do what they think is right . 
  they get 99 % of their information from tv and what their family and friends say . 
  they think by voting for erdogan they do the right thing . 
  they are not subhuman , they simply have a limited worldview that is mostly out of their hands to change . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  unlike most involved in the western alt-right , who have plenty of information to go on , but openly choose an illiberal , conspiratory outlook where the preservation of skin tone is the top priority , these turks are being used . 
  it 's the political elite that uses them that 's evil , not them . 
  unless they do evil in erdogans name , of course . 
  i 'm not under threat .
