  well before the crisis , sweden still had its last crisis fresh in memory ( 90-94 ) . 
  since then , balancing the books has been a major concern . 
  in 2006 , a center-right government came to power . 
  last time it governed was in the middle of the crisis . 
  one of the things they really wanted to get right this time was budget surplus . 
  so sweden had a significant budget surplus going into this financial crisis . 
  true indeed . 
  my friends and i have been in ukraine with no problems . 
  both in kyiv and on the countryside . 
  she 's swedish flashing a english accent . 
  it 's the posh thing to do . 
  if i tried , i could , but i do n't want to sound like i 'm from london . 
  loreen tried at a press conference but was cut off . 
  the artist ( s ) , i think . 
  in addition , something like 25 % of all the music in the contest is written by swedes . 
  ai n't you a special snowflake !, 
  . . that is n't their husband a or a close relative , obviously . 
  american cotton is best cotton . 
  being against abortion in sweden does n't guarantee many votes , but scares off 90 % of potential voters . 
  that was my point : peaceful coexistence looks easy when you 're from a country that does n't get into conflicts . 
  it 's better for everyone when britain , france and germany trade instead of fight wars . 
  stupid is stupid , jealousy notwithstanding . 
  thanks , that was a very interesting story . 
  is it only me , or is this really dumb ? 
  sweden stopped doing that in the early 90s , when it became obvious that the economy would n't grow by more than 2 % on average forever . 
  standard macro economics require 2 quarters of shrinking economy for it to qualify as a recession too . 
  quickly `` cutting inefficiencies '' usually leads to a power struggle , which leads to good programs being shut down while others that have stronger protectors ( or vested interests ) remain . 
  that 's a very limited naval policy . 
  sweden did fine during the wars too . 
  and how exactly does this compare to hyperinflation ? 
  hyperinflation also leads to a situation where foreigners can by valuable assets for a small price . 
  i strongly believe that capitalism is a powerful beast of burden that must be kept leashed at all times . 
  communism , on the other hand , does n't work because community owned means that nobody owns it , as soon as the community grows larger than 100-150 people . 
  communism * also * has a problem with the tragedy of the commons . 
  diffused responsibility quickly turns into no responsibility . 
  that only works if the issue fits in with predominant opinion of the party . 
  online surveillance is very controversial , basically splitting many parties in two . 
  all the power players ( the establishment , simply put ) are typically for increased surveillance of the internet , and honouring trade deals with the us by passing anti-piracy laws . 
  in sweden , the mp 's of the liberal party that refused to vote for more surveillance were harshly bullied . 
  in theory , it should be a perfect issue for them , but the biggest parties ( socdems and moderates ) want surveillance and ip-laws while the party leaders want to play nice . 
  in sweden , this leaves the left and the greens opposing , but they would likely not stand their ground on this issue when negotiating with the socdems . 
  it takes a new party to upset this balance , just as it did with the environment issues . 
  one-issue parties is one of the few ways people outside of the establishment can raise issues until they 're taken seriously . 
  they are one of the advantages of the multiparty system vs. the two-party system . 
  that 's fine by me , because i 'd never vote for yet another left-wing party . 
  the greens are socialists , more or less , and that 's what kept me from voting for them . 
   i would also like to point out that marshall funds were really not needed for the economic recovery . 
  finland did n't receive any funds , but instead had to pay up reparations to the soviet union , nevertheless economy grew rapidly with simultaneous industrialization and urbanization of the country they were good for europe as a whole , increased demand in germany was good for finland too . 
  but i agree that they were not crucial . 
  industrialization and oil was . 
  it certainly exists in swedish , and i do think it exists in english . 
  but i might be mistaken , it 's used in places you can barely hear it , since the english ` r ' is usually a soft sound already . 
  i misread your comment . 
  but it 's all good , i ca n't do a proper lisp . 
  dude , it 's called `` retroflexion '' :-), 
  i know , i just thought it 's funny that the turkish military is still in on that trope . 
   '' the face must be visible , '' says gokhan . 
  '' and the photos must show you as the passive partner . '', 
  it 's only gay if you 're catching , apparently . 
  yeah , he did talk about giving up at a point . 
  an inflationary economy suffers in the long run . 
  sweden devaluated several times from the end of the 70s to the mid 90s , and the effect was a faltering economy and many lost years . 
  it keeps industries competitive without reforms or increased productivity . 
  many countries are suffering because of a burst credit boom bubble . 
  some are suffering because their economy has n't been able to keep up with the times , or because of poor governmental decisions . 
  some have it harder because they ca n't compete with germany . 
  the baltic state have suffered almost as bad as greece , but they 're not complaining as much . 
  sweden had a huge banking crisis in the early 90s , and our ministers of treasury had to go on begging tours to london and new york to finance the leaking budgets of that decade . 
  everybody seems to want to ignore the elephant : the writedown is a * straight credit loss * for the private investors , except for a few percent that was insured . 
  the greek debt haas certainly shifted from private to public , because the free market is not interested in lending money to greece at single digit rates . 
  so every time greek debt rolls over , they have 0 private options they can afford and 1 public option ( euro bailout ) . 
  i have no idea what you'er trying to prove here . 
  the write-down of debt that private institutions have been forced to accept are losses to them , except for a few who had default insurance . 
  i suspect he had to chip in free overtime for that benefit , though . 
  and the pizza is $ 15 too . 
  maybe it can be educated away . 
  but as it stands now , the general attitude towards gender bias in the whole educational system seems to be `` see no evil , hear no evil '' . 
  it 's no coincidence that girls do better in school now that school is dominated by women . 
  gender empathy * is * a thing . 
  as with all generalizations , there are exceptions , but the general trend is not something that can be magicked away . 
  they get to borrow for an interest rate of 1 % . 
  it does n't take much skill to make more than 1 % in a year . 
  i can do it by just putting the money on a savings account ( i get 1.5 % there ) . 
  oh they are , soon boa 2 & 3 in neurath , westfalen , etc will be up , producing delicious elecricity from lignite . 
  not to forget the large investments in niederau\u00dfem . 
   flying a certain distance in an airplane and driving that distance on the highway are about equally risky ways to travel . 
  no , international flights are much safer than taking the car , especially per distance travelled . 
  i take issue with that as well , because as i understand greek tax law , many luxury items come with a special tax ( luxury cars , pools etc ) . 
  if you bribe the tax man that comes looking for these things , they disappear . 
  if they 've disappeared , they would n't show up as missing tax income either . 
  i have few danish brands , but not much . 
  i dunno , about english though ( have n't paid attention ) . 
  we have a handful of [ smaller `` hipper '' brands ] ( http://www.visitsweden.com/sweden/attractions/swedish-design/swedish-fashion/top-fashion-brands-in-sweden/ ) too , and the competition from other northern european countries is non-existent . 
  my brother flew from stockholm to milan to buy shirts at $ 500 a pop . 
  italians are good at tight-fitting clothes . 
  no , substitute that for `` posh clothing '' . 
  we are the fashion hope of northern europe . 
  with the police it 's sometimes the other way around . 
  in some places , they 'll stop people , make up an excuse to fine them a big amount of money , but `` let them get away scot-free '' for a smallish bribe . 
  the thing is , that without a wide attack on the custom of bribery and ignoring official rules , just raising wages will have zero effect .
