  because only precogs can become eu leaders . 
  after resigning , he went to america . 
  that 's all i know . 
  the dependency is fairly mutual and this gives china some freedom to act . 
  thanks , i was doubting the source i found . 
  birth control is certainly subject to cultural factors . 
  depends on how much work is done to change those attitudes . 
  up to bad ( 1.33 in 2014 ) from abysmal ? 
  yup , people in the west take decent quality stuff for granted . 
  we are rarely exposed to producers who will sell shit and not care a thing . 
  attitudes take time to change , though . 
  yes , it has also seen huge foreign investments the last 35 years . 
  china managed . 
  or has apple and samsung occupied it ? 
  ( sure , ukraine does n't have nearly the same clout as china , otoh , the investments are much smaller ), 
  as far as donbas goes , it seems russia is n't interested in escalating in the near future . 
  thus the problem is contained 500 - 1500 km away from where investors are looking . 
  i love my mil 's reaction to yatsenuk moving to the us after resigning : `` molodets '' translation : `` he did a good job looking out for himself '', 
  but was there supply ? 
  `` oops , nothing in this month '' may have compounded the problem . 
  yes , and less birth-control . 
  yes , eventually it could be a lot worse . 
  i only considered the italian economy in isolation . 
  yet , banking frees a lot of resources and are crucial for modern economies . 
  but i agree that the financial sector does not build a stable system by itself , regulation is a must . 
  do n't pretend you have a clue . 
  owning shares or bonds in a bank is different from a savings account . 
  the savings accounts are the last to go . 
  many of the debt holders in italy are businesses that wo n't survive the banks going bankrupt . 
  the knock-on effects would be awful for the rest of the economy , possibly greece v2 . 
  yes , with `` nya moderaterna '' fredrik reinfeldt took the largest right-wing party firmly to the left . 
  the more center-right parties in between them and the social democrats struggled to adjust as this party claimed the middle . 
  it was a clever and obvious move - the main right-wing party had been too anti-welfare and conservative for quite some time , while many hesitated to vote for the centrist parties in larger numbers because of their sometimes odd political suggestions and low perceived ability to run the country . 
  now ideological differences run rampant again . 
  yeah , but even after poland was out of the tournament . 
  anyway , flag waving in conjunction with cars is rare in sweden , but we do put them on buses . 
  also , ( nearly ) free energy ( gas/electricity ) was a public policy in many countries in the eastern block . 
  one downside of this policy was typically that external cost such as pollution was ignored and hushed . 
  if 95 % of the oil got through a pipeline , that was good enough . 
  typically , secular religion classes are taught by teachers , not priests . 
  the amount of polish flags on cars on the high-way ... 
  the revelation came to the west i the late 60 's , japan in the late 70 's . 
  sweden had an on-going campaign to not litter in nature from 1962 and on . 
  as far as i know , communist countries did very little up to the 80 's . 
  by then cars in most western countries had to be sold with catalytic converters and littering had become a social faux pas . 
  send them to ukraine . 
  parts of ukrainian towns smell like brunt trash . 
  improvised landfills litter the landscape . 
  everyone who does n't believe in progress should be sent there for a month . 
  gomez was crucial to the 1-0 goal vs italy . 
  he took a lost cause on the far left and turned it into a goal . 
  cheap housing is a plus , yes, 
  catalan is n't independent , though . 
  so far , everyone is taking the brexit vote at face value . 
  that is , operating under the assumption that the uk will leave the eu, 
   btw . 
  gypsy/romani people came from northern india/pakistan to europe . 
  it seems they do n't like their countrymen . 
  it was a thousand years ago , and a separate ethnic group . 
  yes , that seems to be the case . 
  the only alternative is to build up personal trust with key individuals over time, 
  no , they ca n't . 
  living costs in ukraine are not amazingly low . 
  milk is more expensive in ukraine than in germany in a supermarket . 
  the numbers reflect a on part of the economic reality . 
  her mandate is from the governments of the 28 eu countries . 
  responding to russian aggression is a matter of long term survival for many countries in eastern europe, 
  lol , nature abhors a vacuum have you even seen how much material suffering the russians are prepared to go through while supporting military and political aggression ? 
  they are not unique, 
  why ? 
  they could profit, 
  one stat i found : 100/500 of the largest companies in europe, 
  real estate crashes are the prime recession drivers these days . 
  who without wealth or work is going to buy residences in london ? 
  the only upside will be 10-20 years after a crash, 
  leaders can manage frames . 
  had cameron shot the issue down at an early stage nothing would have happened for at least five more years . 
  with his promise , the whole thing gained a lot of momentum, 
  why would international companies with half of their business in the eu want to keep their main offices in london , outside the eu ? 
  then a joffrey is born, 
  in this case , post-soviet times is apt . 
  which country will fine you for using encryption ? 
  polish roads are a lot better now . 
  i 'm sure poles enjoy that, 
  yeah , it 's not a very active sub , i see more poles in r/europe, 
  if the british far right ( or government ) did this , it would a just as despicable . 
  and the eu has common interests that , if not left to inter-member bickering , can lead to benefits for all . 
  especially if you look at many issues . 
  family unification does improve gender balance , this is a well-established fact . 
  barring unaccompanied minors , sweden has had a fairly ok gender balance of immigrants before 2015 . 
  yes , the nation that the immigrants are coming to need to be able to handle the numbers , but preventing reunification will lead to a much more skewed gender balance . 
  crimea river . 
  this were some effed up laws . 
  thants why you drink on the trains instead . 
  the sun does n't shine at night and the grid needs to be updated , yes . 
  the latter problem is n't insurmountable , though . 
  yeah , internet is n't filtered in ukraine , maybe mostly because the government ca n't enforce it . 
  hypocubism in the square limit, 
  tha ' t already done with bake-off baguettes . 
  that 's like half a starter for an american .
