  i do n't know all that many people with cs degrees who are famous on twitter . 
  germany has over 80 million people , it can be popular outside of your circles . 
  girls screaming at 120 db is an alternative interpretation . 
  barbara palvin apparently hangs out with neill horan too ( top guy for ireland ) . 
  i think u/eff5850528 point is that once you decide to keep the child , you have chosen a life path in which it usually ( 95 % + ) makes sense to stick with your choice and make the best of it . 
  you can occasionally have pangs of regret , but wallowing in regret leads to unhappiness . 
  thus , cherishing your `` oops-baby '' seems like a no-brainer . 
   its racism to have european kids !, 
  i 'm choking on straws . 
  and yes , i have two children . 
  and then women less penalised for having both careers and children =  more babies . 
  . . and those apparently want to force the other ( that is women ) to breed and stay home , so they can feel better about themselves . 
  self-realization is for everyone , the trick is to fit children into this picture as well . 
  reducing the population in europe is n't going to do much . 
  we should strive for + - 0 , i think . 
  so you suggest we go back to 40-50 % child mortality and subsistence farming ? 
   back then they had an understanding for honor and their mission to breed nope , the norm was just stronger , and the room to be different was smaller . 
  do you want 99 % of your life adjusted to fit with what the majority of society wants ? 
  and all of them statistically lead to reduced happiness and regret , with abortion being one of the smallest hits . 
  i agree . 
  75-90 % of the problem can be sovled by enacting welfare policies such as those that exist in sweden . 
  child allowance ( cash per kid ) , subsidised childcare , parental leave and unlimited sick days for your kids are the main policies in place in sweden . 
  tradition , religion , poverty and war are strong drivers outside europe , but i do n't think anyone wants them in europe . 
  `` an eye for an eye '' still runs strong in the us , and i do believe the american take on christianity is mostly to blame for things like `` three strikes , you 're out '' . 
  the trade relation between japan and china is quite good , at least when it comes to volume and activity . 
  japan has invested a lot in china . 
  poland has , in my opinion , overwhelmingly successful road projects , though . 
  all new roads meet modern standards , basically . 
  it 's a vast improvement . 
  so this amounts to a `` reverse irish '' in terms of gdp ? 
  ireland 's gdp soared when when a few multinationals decided to change their bookkeeping , so that their balance sheet ended up in ireland . 
  really ? 
  that 's scandalous . 
  what a failure !, 
  swedish media never reported on this from what i 've heard . 
  sweden was increasingly socialist 1965-90 . 
  economic growth was great up until 1970 , then we kept falling . 
  we had problems with stagflation and ever-increasing bureaucracy ( to mention a few ) . 
  unemployment was low , but when we had a real estate market crash , the government budget went completely off balance and the public debt ballooned 1991-1997 . 
  something similar may happen in belorussia if russia stops supporting their economy . 
  it 's convenient to forget that the left got to try being backwards 1975-1990 , and the more anti-capitalist they were , the poorer the economies got . 
  the were n't affected by the weather in london . 
  poland is definitely ruled by the `` poland first '' wing at the moment . 
  not a good candidate for international leadership . 
  they did say that the number of cease-fire violations have gone up : http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/294081, 
  as if they can distinguish between us ... 
  can confirm skoda octavia for poland . 
  on the e40 , every other car that passed me , going 140-150 when i was coasting at 120 , was a skoda octavia . 
  sweden does n't have a minimum wage . 
  we have unions instead . 
  however , legal jobs tend to start at 150 % of germany 's lowest wage . 
  very few , if any full-time jobs have a lower wage . 
  yes , but lets forget about that for the moment . 
  it would be too direct to call it `` cultural friction levy '' . 
  oh we did , and up to the 80 's . 
  afaik , the government were keeping tabs on a lot of communists , but i do n't recall all that much harassment , apart from the communist party being left by the sidelines when national security was discussed . 
  but many swedes were impressed by eastern europe and particularly ddr . 
  not only communists , but some socail democrats too . 
  some of them were used by stasi , for example to spy on ( east ) german citizens in sweden . 
   i see very little difference between this woman and a jihadist preache upvoted because of this amazing line says a lot . 
  oops !, 
  `` unintentional '' side-effect . 
  just as some states in the us revoke voting rights for life if you 're found guilty of a crime , or make it very hard to apply to get it back . 
  hmm , how do they compare to someone who has stayed there legally for 26 years and is n't a criminal ? 
   i do n't understand how people can think foreign nationals have rights equal to citizens in most european countries , she would have had no problem getting citizenship after living there for 26 years . 
  she 's not a criminal , at most a pain-in-the-ass . 
   because of that our country has become this nonreligious . 
  completely unrelated . 
  sweden had a state church up to 20 years ago , or so , and this state church was absolutely butchered by scientific positivism in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  when americans chased out the communists , swedes chased out the priests and preachers . 
  not really surprising , both germany and russia/soviet thought polish did n't need to have their own country . 
  not quite . 
  we 've actually improved on this . 
  there was even an exercise on christmas eve, 
  so you think a calculating man like putin brings in two large dogs to a meeting on a whim ? 
  and you 're not afraid of a future where large mobs will be controlled by narratives that are 90-100 % made up ? 
   also the gripen was a really shitty deal because it was n't even fully developed and included a lot of uncertainty . 
  gripen has delivered everywhere else . 
  i did n't read the exact deal saab gave switzerland , but gripen is the cheapest modern jet fighter out there . 
  one way to make fake news is to have the story gain momentum where people wo n't fact-check it . 
  that is , let a story about a german city gain popularity in the us first . 
  by the time someone tries to debunk it , millions of people are already thinking `` no smoke without a fire '' . 
  a great example of this is how a child abuse case in norway got whipped up into [ this story of religious persecution ] ( http://www.christianpost.com/news/christians-worldwide-protest-norway-seizing-christian-children-bodnariu-family-154986/ ) outside of norway . 
  i was on a citation mark budget . 
  he was the `` winner '' in that he was out of the sauna last . 
  one has to be only moderately afraid of getting eaten by bugs . 
  not bitter , but : you voted no to having one . 
  this is what advocates of corporeal punishment think . 
  however , i have never seen evidence that supports this assertion . 
  it 's shocking for children to be hurt by their parents , and if the shock is administered perfectly , it can communicate strong disapproval . 
  what you communicate is , at best : `` what you did made me upset , so upset that i hurt you . 
  if you do it again , i will get upset and hurt you again '' . 
  agency is the difference between living things with their own propulsion , and dead matter , that does n't move on it 's own . 
  a toddler will respond to stubbing their toe and getting bitten by a dog differently . 
  i give up . 
  you do n't understand pain , spanking or communication . 
  getting hurt by a burning candle and by a parent is vastly different . 
  even infants understand that some things have agency , and other do not . 
  just as watching cartoons in your native tongue and talking to your caregivers in your native tongue are two completely different things . 
  you do n't understand the state of the research .
