   after you registered , you get ask questions . 
  what are your hobbies ? 
  where are you from ? 
  how about international/national news/politics ? 
  favourite tv shows ? 
  favourite game ? 
  favourite book ? 
  do you like light hearted humour or humour that would get you kicked out of polite company ? 
  what are/were you studying ? 
  what kind of work do you do ? 
  do you study something on your own/next to your job ? 
  any other interests ? 
  neat , maybe they are working on such a thing . 
  the issue , however , is that reddit gets millions of pageviews from unregistered people , and what they see is selective too . 
  it 's not / r/all , so it makes sense that there is some kind of localization . 
  thanks , i was of a similar opinion ( norway declared intependence , sweden decided to give peace a chance ) until i did my research . 
  turns out that sweden did military threaten norway for quite a while before 1905 , and that this was one of the main reasons hoejre stopped supporting the union . 
  i do think it 's reasonable that a company curates their public appearance , so while i see your point , i do n't think it would be a wise choice . 
  for me , surfing from sweden , / r/sweden has huge banner in the ad space 50 % of the time . 
  i do n't think they pay for it . 
  the europacalypse is here !, 
  so what are new users supposed to see ? 
  we 're quite extreme , actually . 
  we pulled that off by pretending that we 're just like everyone else . 
  this is going to run one day . 
  there was a lot of maneuvering , especially the last ten years before norway declared independence . 
  i 'd say the factors were 1 ) rising nationalism in norway ( as almost everywhere else in the 19th century ) 2 ) sweden centric foreign policy by sweden ( the main controversy was norway 's fight for their own consulates , as the swedish run consulates offered poor service to norwegians ) , 3 ) norway managing to secure major powers as sponsors ( uk ) , while avoiding pushing others ( germany ) to reject them , and 4 ) a reluctance in sweden to go to war to try to subdue norway . 
  we lost finland before nationalism ( it was a well-integrated and somewhat colonized part of sweden for 600 years ) , and the thing with norway was a union with a young nation that found itself and broke free . 
  the thing is that , much like poland , we 've had 300 years to realize we 're not an empire anymore . 
  so the timing for swallowing our pride was good . 
  sweden was chopped up too . 
  we lost finland , and then we lost norway . 
  \u00c5land was culturally , ethnically and historically swedish but became part of finland . 
  the major difference is that we got to keep the vast majority of our `` native country '' . 
  germany has also been shrunk compared to 1914 . 
  it 's not tv . 
  russian journalism and free-thought is not yet as suppressed as it was in the soviet union . 
  so far , kremlin has been content with controlling the masses , allowing the intellectuals to have a modicum of freedom . 
  i 'm not sure this is the first time a buk system is involved , though . 
  there have been thousands of russians ( and `` chechens '' ) coming into eastern ukraine from russia . 
  surely kremlin made sure that some of them had the knowledge to operate sam batteries . 
  taking down planes and helicopters has been the separatists greatest victories so far . 
  they did brag about having buk-sams, 
  the new ones are mediocre , but no laughing matter . 
  rosneft has been forbidden from borrowing money in the west ( at least in the us ) , and the largest bank sberbank has been made pariah and does n't get to secure it 's assets abroad ( i 'm assuming taking part in the international interbank system ), 
  what should the eu have done about the basques separatists or the ira ? 
  sometimes sweden and ukraine have the same weather , for the same reasons . 
  usually it 's completely different . 
  ukraine and novorusostan . 
  some local celebrity cried when a relative fell ill , and the likes . 
  we had a story in sweden about a guy who recorded a video of his gold bag blowing away . 
  sometimes there just is very little to write about in the summer . 
  in part , but that goes for the rest of the world too . 
  i think it has to do with increasingly religious immigration . 
  israel started out as a haven for ( ethnic ) jews , but has more and more become a place for religious jews . 
  on the philippines they would !, 
  the point was n't to prove that no-one in east germany believe in god , the point was to survey 29 countries in five age categories on a few questions about their beliefs . 
  no 0.0 % agree with the statement `` i am certain god exists '' . 
  the 0.0 % figure comes from agreeing with the statement `` i am certain god exists '' , which actually has minority numbers in most countries . 
  the most interesting thing about this study is that israel and russia are the only countries that have become more religious recently , and israel was quite religious to begin with . 
  i know that russian is not foreign to the region !, 
  the use of russian has not been persecuted by authorities in ukraine . 
  ukrainian has been heavily encouraged , on the other hand . 
  i have family who are russian-speaking ukrainians . 
  not once have they complained , except when some stupid svoboda people make comments about forbidding russian . 
  russian was the majority language in crimea and they were not harassed . 
  the minority who speak ukrainian in crimea are already facing harassment , and two tartar leaders have been already been banned from crimea on loose allegations . 
  the tartars are `` convenient '' , but they are also a sizable minority (  10 % ) and mostly pro-ukrainian . 
   in mid 90s elections took an ultra-nationalist bend toward regaining ukranian cultural identity and they simple forced every single organization that was under government control to make ukranian primary language in which all services and communications were conducted . 
  it was crude and is one of the big reasons for the cultural divide that now exists between east/west - in my opinion it is exactly these laws that bear the biggest share of the blame for the current civil war - russia would n't have been able to drum up as much support in east ukraine as they have if the people there were n't facing almost 2 decades of low intensity yet constant cultural attack from kiev - while in the west ukraine you would actually garner outright hostility if you tried to speak to them in russian ( which they all still understand and know ) yes , this is an important reason for the cultural divide . 
  it was also , to an extent , necessary for those who wanted to create a nation-state out of ukraine . 
  ukrainian language and culture had been discouraged and persecuted throughout russian/soviet history , and in order to create a single history , muscovites laid claim to all things that came out of the kievan rus . 
  the need to create a national history was there . 
  it could probably have been done in a less divisive manner . 
  but those who pined for the soviet union would n't want it anyway . 
  the feelings about victory day are telling , for example . 
  exactly . 
  russia has already revealed their hand in this matter . 
  it is , but that 's lukasjenko 's choice . 
   i think crimea going back to russia is best for all involved , mostly for crimeans you mean for the crimeans who speak russian and are not tartar and do n't have family in ukraine . 
  and this :  on television they said something like that the militias were transporting unarmed wounded under the sign of the red cross and ukrainian forces fired on them . 
  at that point , i still did n't know we 'd been attacked by our own forces . 
  i was sure it was the national guard . 
  sometime in the morning of the 27th , two guys from the cover group that remained at the airport woke me up . 
  they told me that it was friendly fire . 
  but in ukraine and in the baltics there were a parallel of resentment and bitterness . 
  in ukraine it was the holodomor , and in the baltics it was the recent loss of independence and a feeling of being abducted from modern europe . 
  estonia is backwards ? 
  known as the `` please , please , kill me last '' - option . 
  stannis would have you hang for that atrocity . 
  tax information is public , yes . 
  `` nolltaxerare '' is someone who reports no income , and sometimes they have luxury cars , etc. 
  the tax office tracks them actively . 
  it 's business taxes so it could possible be different . 
  yeah , tax morale is a lot higher in sweden - the tax is high but usually not unreasonably so . 
  now that the left will win , taxes will go up to over 60 % again , probably , so we 'll see . 
  tax on business is very reasonable - my wife does n't make a net profit , shuffles vat around and pays more or less nothing net . 
   it could make money off imports via import taxation , tariffs within the eu ? 
  i doubt it . 
  sweden ca n't do it , and we 're not in the eurozone .
