  a b breivik was thought to be an islamic terrorist too , for a few hours . 
  assumptions are not the truth, 
  the only advantage is a more credible threat to blame all problems on . 
  not sure if this is sarcasm . 
  nato is one of the strongest vehicles for american influence in the world . 
  but the point of `` america first '' seems to be to have no allies . 
   maybe you lot should have thought of that and not treated us like a fucking joke  not even sure why a swede feels they have the right to talk about nato . 
  contradiction right away . 
  can china wait forever , though ? 
  are people on both sides traversing in the same direction , culturally and politically ? 
   china is way too powerful than taiwan , it 's strength and potential is almost limitless compared to russia . 
  what does russia have ? 
  russia haas military experience and their elite troops are well-trained in combat and not only in drills . 
  russia has spent a considerable amount modernizing their army the last 15 years . 
  country-building is n't their forte , though . 
  what china has in taiwan , is , as i understand it as an outsider , a general acceptance of the `` one china '' idea and a lackluster support for formal recognition as an independent nation . 
  once china had military control and made a promise for a hong kong-type of `` one country , two-systems '' rule , i 'm not sure taiwanese could effectively revolt . 
  given that china is known for breaking eggs to make an omelet . 
  it 's definitely a purge that is going on . 
  secular turks who now feel alienated have their quirks , just like most people , but they are not islamist . 
  how will apathy help if you 're in turkey ? 
  sooner or later politics will affect your life . 
  if the us waivers , china would just need a few days of internal turmoil ( creating and exploiting uncertainty around a close election , for example ) to seize taiwan . 
  hybrid war strikes again . 
  i think they would do the same . 
  i was riffing on pis meaning `` law and justice '', 
  yes . 
  obviously we dislike trump , because of the considerable risk that a trump presidency would be bad for europe . 
  in the worse-case scenario , it would lead to a disinterested us watching russia employing hybrid war tactics to increase their influence over europe . 
  think estonia , lithuania , latvia , moldova and ukraine for a start , while working to split the balkans , probably aiming to dislodge serbia from the western sphere . 
  finland , sweden and poland would be targeted to reduce investments and influence to their east . 
  sometimes the long game includes moving fast to establish facts on the ground . 
  look at what russia did in crimea . 
  `` america first '' was a slogan to keep the us out of the second world war . 
  he could even work towards abandoning nato . 
  this would destroy the alliance or at least force it to reinvent itself . 
  probably , unless he 's serious about `` america first '' and isolationism . 
  maybe not a majority , but `` someone '' absolutely wants one . 
   he thinks we are getting a bad deal , which we are what you get is a leadership role . 
  europe does nothing that the us does n't approve of , when it comes to military interventions . 
  this is not tat-for-tat , it 's tit-for-tat . 
  it 's a business , but with different rules from say , real estate . 
   their whole image is indeed about projecting success there 's evidence of organized doping from the top in preparation for the olympics in sotchi . 
  the aim is certainly to look successful , regardless of how that is achieved . 
  sorry , meant pis, 
  pis indeed, 
   maybe he spent his entire life being surrounded by a foreign culture in an ethnic slum with no one willing to talk to him in his own language and as result , became ` radicalised ' . 
  or maybe it 's the constant stream of news of migrant crime occurring in sweden that made him act this was a district in his city , but he was living in a white area . 
  the social cohesion thing is radically worsened by racists and attacks like these . 
  so whatever he thought he was doing , the effect was diametrically opposed . 
   do we blame islamic terrorist attacks on aggressive rhetoric from the mosques ? 
  yes we do , all over europe . 
  we look into internet support for terrorism , for mullahs who preach hate against secularism and the west , etc , etc. 
  the local mosque was not involved at all in the attack in nice , for example ( as far as i know ) . 
  the perpetrator did not go to the mosque , so why do you want to blame them ? 
  the context is discussed in every crime . 
  sometimes it 's based on preconceptions , but often , if there are solid facts to go on , the context is n't a guess , it 's clear . 
  the military did have generals coming out publicly . 
  those who did ca n't really be rewarded by erdogan , can they ? 
  that would be the same as admitting he staged the coup himself . 
  thus they were likely genuine . 
  yeah , many were voting for them because they wanted volumes to be addressed . 
  i do think they 'll keep their position around 10-15 % , however . 
  german cdu has `` christian '' in their party name , but is 99 % secular , are n't they ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  we just had a minister ( of turkish heritage ) in sweden resign , partly because he had associated with the grey wolves . 
  his involvement has not proved to be more than sitting at the same table at a party , but still . 
  why was n't crimea seized before euromaidan ? 
  the answer is that this is the perfect opportunity . 
  you still have to set someone up to do the announcement . 
  it would be a surprise if these people are rewarded . 
  unfortunately , sweden democrats are going to have a lasting influence in sweden . 
  they 're `` our ukip '' in that the party leadership is keen on appearing legitimate and strike down on racism , while engaging in dog whistling to rally their highly engaged and unhinged brown wing . 
  aggressive rhetoric in the public does encourage lone-wolf attacks . 
  it 's a known phenomenon . 
  we had a 21-year-old self-radicalized young man attack a school he had no connection to because it was a majority immigrant school . 
  it was n't personal , he just thought `` something needed to be done about immigrants '' . 
  three good people died . 
  it 's the worst school attack sweden has had for at least 50 years . 
   why here instead of their country ? 
  could religion have something to with it ? 
  `` right here , right now '' refers to life on earth as opposed to `` in heaven '' . 
   how it is possible to do that , i mean their religion seems to be main reason that hinders their progression and development as a society that 's easy to claim , but other countries with a troubled recent past seems to have fared little better : most of south america , the christian and muslim part of africa , etc. 
  i meant worldwide movement . 
  anti-religious secular movements can not fight religion head-on . 
  religion thrives in conflict . 
  secularism thrives in peace - when people understand that a good life for them and their neighbors is possible right here , right now . 
  if you take religion out of the equation , the middle east is still not a very good place ( for example ) . 
   and if the syrian refugees wanted wanted to participate in jihad , they would have stayed in syria . 
  a very small fraction of those who have fled return as fighters . 
  most of isis ' recruits have other backgrounds than syrian . 
  jihad and martyrdom are incompatible with life in the west . 
  there needs to be an islamic movement to cut that crap out . 
   also their government isnt nearly as oppressive as the belarus or ukranian one how many times have you been to ukraine ? 
  oppression is n't the main problem there . 
  you talk out of ignorance . 
  sweden , the king in the north !, 
  yeah , clinton worked to limit what iraq could do in the 90 's , and the un resolutions made for a platform for bush & co to base their case for a military invention on , sure . 
  that 's about as far as it goes , though . 
  and hillary was not pivotal at all to the iraq war .
