  i would say it 's equality gone fun !, 
  i have the bad fortune to hear a lot about politics in ukraine . 
  it 's a country with potential , but it 's run by kleptocrats . 
  i 'm sure there are reasonable types in government too , but it 's like * game of thrones * , honesty and good intention gets you kicked out of the game . 
  no matter how people vote , a group of kleptocrats will take a sizeable part of the tax money . 
  nursing while lying next to the bed is easier than getting up to do it , simply put . 
  personally , i ca n't really sleep touching someone , so i 've never been worried about rolling over my baby . 
  thanks !, 
  my point was just that , unfortunately , germany does n't throw good & interesting beer ( besides weissbier ) in your face , like it does with good bread ( bakeries every 15 meters ) . 
  this is not what you do if you 're there monday - friday , and work ten hours a day , and live in a hotel that does n't have a fridge . 
  the interesting german beers are hiding !, 
  becks ? 
  that would be stauder ... 
  if you `` just go out '' to a restaurant , at least that was my experience in essen , the choice of beer will be limited . 
  you can always get a weizen , but that 's about it . 
  i agree !, 
  i 've been there for work , not seeing much exciting , but really enjoying the bread . 
  this type of bread should have a thick fresh crust while still being soft inside . 
  just add some butter or oil . 
  it ca n't compete on its own merits after two days wrapped in plastic along with cheese , ham and tomatoes . 
  a lot of crust . 
  the crust does carry a special taste . 
  bare legs on those crumbs will hurt . 
  all german beer is the same , this is the dark side of the reinheitsgebot . 
  but the `` bocks '' , seasonal beers can be more interesting . 
  are you kidding ? 
  standard messm\u00f6r is around 50 % sugar . 
  yeah , you had 30 degrees a couple of weeks back . 
  mid sweden has been quite rainy the last ten days . 
  but still warm . 
  warm rain in may feels off . 
  belgrade ? 
  you can get killed for being gay there , so it has its limits . 
  i agree . 
  there 's a reason the east coast is seen as more `` european '' . 
  so i do n't think any area of europe is totally similar to the us west coast , but if op explains what they like about the place , it would be easier to recommend something !, 
  the car culture and driving around vast coastal areas without major language/culture change is n't replicable in europe , for example . 
  i 'm a swede and i 'm thinking of english . 
  my problem is all the words with ` y ' in them that are pronounced exactly the same as those with ` i ' . 
  `` sinergi '' would sound exactly the same as synergy does . 
  you did have your chance 400 years ago , but that royal union turned sour , 
  handshake or hug . 
  it 's almost never wrong to hug a woman you 've socialized informally with before . 
  if you prefer to be reserved , a handshake is never entirely wrong . 
   akward to try to kiss in the cheek a japanese guy whoa !, 
  nope , it 's a great province . 
  lund , for example , is one of the nicest small cities in sweden . 
  do n't know why , but it could be from all the big physics such as max iii/iv and the new neutron spalation source . 
  ah com on , there 's a lukewarm core somewhere in there , i promise !, 
  toast is often its own category , so you can find a lot of bread but no toast . 
  we were n't in latvia for very long , were we ? 
  university of stockholm is the largest but not very `` elite '' . 
  karolinska , otoh , is ranked as one of the top medical institutes in the world , and kth is a pretty good institute of technology . 
  the dutch are the lighthouses of the world . 
  hmm that expression probably only works in swedish ( lighthouse = fyrtorn = very tall person ), 
  9.5 million and countring . 
  unless you 're stuck with comhem . 
  which i would be . 
  we do n't ask people in fear for their lives about their resume , but for evidence of being in jeopardy , simply put . 
  easier immigration for highly educated people has been discussed , but is a separate issue . 
  yes and no , it 's quite the polarizing issue . 
  agreed . 
  but sometimes the dream is larger than reality . 
  i suspect this is the case for the us . 
  another figure for the us is about 48,000 , obtained another way . 
  the figure for sweden in 2010 is about 12,000 , but still a lot lower , i agree . 
  it 's definitely a structural problem combined with an identity of being an outsider . 
  when `` acting right '' ( getting an education , a normal job , etc ) automatically means that you betray your outsider friends . 
  yes . 
  one guy we have at the company i work was in the position to become a professional mullah , however , instead of an electrical engineer . 
  they seem quite secular , though . 
  i do n't think it 's that easy . 
  many have parents that failed to get a job for various reasons , and a culture that blames everything on mainstream society . 
  i 'm just presenting a trope about `` justice abroad '' . 
  to be honest , when you 're given something for free you value it less . 
  if you 're not used to abstract thinking and often in conflict with your doctors , social assistance , tax bureaucracy etc , you do n't see what you get . 
  especially those who were used to informal networks for everything . 
  otoh , those who do understand how and why sweden works like it does , appreciate the system a lot . 
  an indian i know explained how amazingly simple it is to get a proof of employment , for example . 
  what would have taken half a day in india can be a couple of mouse clicks in sweden . 
  i agree in spirit . 
  but it 's still not that simple . 
  for along time , asylum seekers and even newly accepted refugees were not expected to work , and many were explicitly forbidden from working . 
  add being illiterate and having few skills relevant to the job market , and a country with almost no `` one euro jobs '' outside the grey economy , and you have 40-year-olds that have an apartment and food on the table , but have been out of the job market for 10 + years . 
  people who 've never held a job in sweden . 
  sometimes they can work out something within their network of compatriots , but this is n't the case for most . 
  imagine that you are an illiterate 30-year-old somali woman in sweden . 
  what are your options ? 
  you have no clue about the society and the local somali community does n't provide work for women ( ok , simplification ) . 
  seekers , yes . 
  but how many were accepted ? 
  iranians are quite successful too , and nearly all of them a culturally muslims . 
  sweden is an extreme country in some regards , and not everyone will feel at home here . 
  but some people , certainly including `` ethnical swedes '' , lack perspective . 
  1990 is a better cutoff , influx from ex-yugoslavia was huge . 
  that exists , but is a completely different phenomena . 
  we have eastern european beggars in small cities now , that used to have zero beggars . 
  second generation . 
   why jeopardize our welfare by admitting 100,000 + immigrants each year whilst the integration policy is clearly not functioning ? 
  every public sector is experiencing cutbacks , while more and more is being spent on immigration ?
