  real estate values are `` dead money '' . 
  this money can be used to fuel bubbles , but it can also drive the real economy . 
  after i finished high school ( gymnasiet ) , i spent a exactly three summers at home . 
  hmm , my understanding is that nynorsk has less german influence in it . 
  thus it may be closer to 14th century swedish , but not modern swedish , which also has been strongly influenced by german . 
  in the rpg community `` the players are railroaded '' means that the plot moves in a predetermine direction regardless of player decisions . 
  free the train from its tracks !, 
  it must hate being railroaded all day !, 
  i like how portugal is everywhere except where it should be . 
  oh , he did , dressed as a swede with a sword ... 
  you mean cleaning fish . 
  certainly not nynorsk , which was more or less taken out of the dialects that were most peculiar to norway . 
  otoh , if you want variety , you still have to go to a specialized store in germany . 
  chinese restaurants tend to max out at 2 per 50k inhabitants , while kebab places can be found at much higher densities . 
  finding an * quality * chinese restaurant in sweden is quite difficult . 
  hmm , i think it 's more the mindset than the vegetarianism that upsets you . 
  vegetarianism connected to wishy-washy new age beliefs rubs me the wrong way too . 
  in real life i certainly do n't . 
  i defend my position , but do not `` counter-attack '' , since i 'm not proselytizing . 
  i guess i was offended by waterlight 's comment `` most vegetarians are not 100 % internally consistent with the arguments they give for their vegetarianism '' . 
  the obvious counter-point is that most meat-eaters do n't think about it either , and a lot of them think it 's taboo to eat dogs , for example . 
  i do n't have any vegetarian friends , so how can i hold meat-eaters to the same standard ? 
  i take the constant light bullying in stride so they do n't have to feel bad about themselves . 
  i ca n't find a decisive link right away , but in the same way legumes do n't make me particularly gassy any more ( but could cause gassiness and stomach pain to someone not used to them ) , a big steak would be a tough thing to digest . 
  few people should have any problem with small quantities of meat , however . 
  there are biological reasons too , eating meat three times a year does n't work out too well , because of gut bacterial flora . 
   if your reasons to not eat meat do n't apply to all meat , you just should acknowledge that and say you still wo n't eat any to be sure , instead of making up an ad-hoc rationalisation . 
  sure . 
  i certainly do n't hold meat-eaters to the same standard as myself , though . 
  most think `` because it 's tasty '' is a valid argument . 
  military involvement in politics during the 20th century . 
  a history of prominent extreme leftist and rightist movements . 
  yeah , comparing turkey with greece is more apt , probably . 
  36.8 % seems like quite a lot . 
  i earn around $ 50k per year and my total tax rate is about 26 % ( sweden ) , thanks to the tax brakes the last six years . 
  ok , meat-eater : how much pain and suffering in the animal is fine with you ? 
  where do you stand on the torture of pets ? 
  if pets get special treatment , why ? 
  before every meal , did you consider the ethical implications of how your meal was produced ? 
  if not , i assume you think `` i do n't care , so i do n't have to '' . 
  but just because other people care more than you do , it 's not reasonable to hold them to your impossibly high standards . 
  it has a tendency to boil down to `` but do n't plant have feelings too ?? '' . 
  part of being a vegetarian is a simplification . 
  if you are invited to someone , people might understand if you say `` i do n't eat meat at all '' , but if you say `` i would eat this bolognese if you had used meat you hunted and slaughtered yourself '' is considered offensive . 
  vegetarians do not want to justify each and every meal either . 
  you take a general stance and stay with it as long as it feels right . 
  it 's a bad reason to subscribe , though . 
  nope , most of the posts are in swedish . 
  probably because russia was the world 's worst tax collector prior to that . 
  this assumes 1 ) the guy with a brick is a decent fighter himself . 
  and it is harder to kill with a brick than , say , a knife . 
  2 ) when you start your rampage , you 've judged the opposition correctly . 
  that woman with a small frame knows taekwondo and kicks you in the nuts !, 
  you 're out . 
  give someone an assault rifle and just a little bit of practice and they can take out parts of a crowd before anyone understands what 's going on . 
  the problem with `` it 's not the gun , it 's the intent '' is that you have to draw the line somewhere , and i think we all can agree that giving everyone access to nuclear weapons is a bad idea . 
  except for small intervals in question difficulty , it would be impossible to design a test that scales linearly with size of the talent pool , especially if you want a starting point of 0 in score for 0 people . 
  that 's not really how it works , though . 
  our school system is not up to the task to teach high-effort subjects . 
  already in the 80 's / 90 's , a good science teacher was a rare thing . 
  except finland . 
  i presume it 's a statistical fluke . 
  . . and coincidentally , we suck at math . 
  back in the days [ we had this guy ] ( http://www.imo-official.org/participant_r.aspx?id=1105 ) , and did a lot better . 
  let 's party - your treat !, 
  we decide , you follow !, 
  mix that concrete !, 
  also , it 's very common for men to hug women even if you 're only acquaintances . 
  it 's my impression that outside of business , shaking hands with a woman indicates distance . 
  kissing small kids , yes , often up to the age of 6 or so . 
  metal !, 
  your examples match up perfectly with what my wife listened to when i met her . 
  you hear a lot of nordic ( \u2248 swedish ) music in the uk . 
  but it 's hard to notice , because it 's all performed in english . 
  it 's exaggerated , surprise !, 
  just like how you always see increased crimes rates in large font on front pages , but whenever it goes down , there is barely a line . 
  i went to a burger place in scranton . 
  none of the employees had bmi < 35 , and no , they did not lift . 
  . . and a guy like me ( slim , small frame , nice haircut ) would spend 30s to fix my hair and be labelled gay in an instant . 
   the general idea is that a man attracts women through status , power , success , ambition . 
  every time a culture gets aggressive and more competitive than cooperative this happens , because women , being low-testosterone and generally preferring cooperation , prosper in cultures that reward skill and attention , but can not succeed in circumstances zero-sum games are played so basically you get everything by screwing over someone else , so in such circumstances they have to attach themselves to successful men . 
  interesting take !, 
  i 'm saying that 2/3 are very similar , but that the conservative minority look a bit different in the those countries . 
  not entirely different , though . 
  smug , much ? 
  and by the way , we are basically in the same team . 
  the socially progressive part of the netherlands , sweden , denmark , finland and norway are remarkably similar in values . 
  you make up for it by smoking . 
  ... but it is the cheap fast food that get people fat in general . 
  large portions of fast food is so much cheaper in the us , you would n't believe it . 
  that 's a problem in social science in general . 
  known factors , such as how much paternity leave your friends are claiming , really do affect your own decisions to quite an extent . 
  i live in a town with ~ 50k inhabitants . 
  not * that * many fat people here . 
  bmi  30 is the most commonly used metric , still . 
  for entire populations , it works pretty well . 
  barf, 
  the `` fashion is gay '' or `` a man must look bland '' is strong in eastern europe . 
  we have decent italian restaurants for that . 
  for a while sweden had the most mcdonalds per capita in europe .
