  take her out of the equation and it would have happened anyway . 
  france does n't accept that many refugees to begin with . 
  not nearly the same amount as germany , anyway . 
  they have a native , post-colonial , problem . 
  hmm , that could possibly work - a coup co-opted by erdogans people . 
  do you understand what a bilateral trade treaty is ? 
  it 's a kind of trade treaty that eu countries * do n't have * with other nations . 
  the uk will eventually have another treaty with the eu which will regulate the trade between the uk and the 27 eu countries . 
  what you 're saying amounts to `` my country wo n't try to undermine the eu in favor of protecting trade with the uk in the short term '', 
  what would breaking relationships with turkey improve ? 
  what would it improve for turks ? 
  nothing . 
  grandstanding is worthless in international politics . 
  and as for brexit ? 
  the result has been met with surprise and shock , not condemnation . 
  eu leaders have also been clear the the uk will not get the fairy-tale deal the leave side promised , because it would upend current eea agreements , among other things . 
  it would simply be bad for the eu , and bad for the 27 countries still in the union . 
  yeah , eu was against the `` military coup every decade '' system that turkey `` enjoyed '' for quite some time . 
  just as is the case with thailand , military coups do n't solve shit . 
  `` not anytime soon '' , is n't never , though . 
  yes , straight from putin 's playbook . 
  that failure not is the same as fake . 
  the main argument against the fake coup is that no-one but erdogan seems to have gained anything . 
  nope , that 's clearly the case too . 
  erdogan striking at the ( formerly ) independent judiciary is a quite separate thing . 
  especially two judges who had immunity and lifetime employment who had spoken out him arresting journalists . 
  putin did n't plan euromaidan in ukraine , but he sure as hell was prepared for it ... 
  who the f * wants to plan and execute a fake coup when the risks are very real and there has n't been any evidence of spoils ? 
  do you think part of the military is so loyal to erdogan they 'd throw their own men under the bus for some money or influence ? 
  nothing suspicious has come up in this regard . 
  so yeltsin staged a a coup against himself and gorbachev in 1991 ? 
  that coup also failed . 
  a lot of coup attempts fail . 
  yup , my bet is that the plan for the coup d'etat was planned for some time , but that it started to leak and the leaders rushed it . 
  there may have been a choice by erdogan at some time to either try to stop it , or let it play out for a bit to reveal those conspiring against him . 
  well , that 's one thing . 
  the 90 's also so very low oil prices . 
  putin was able to leverage the rise in oil prices to stabilize the russian state . 
  he surrounds himself with competent people and everything indicates that kremiln is fairly well-run . 
  then he sacrificed relations with the west from 2012 and onwards , culminating with the war in ukraine . 
  basically , putin does n't want democracy and does n't want russian to `` normalize '' into the western order . 
  many russians agree , but it 's hard to see how this benefits russians in any other regard than jingoist pride . 
  honestly , he acts like most powerful leaders do after more than a decade in power - like their god 's gift to their country . 
  the biggest issue was still that he was in the clasps of neocons with a very interventionist ideas about foreign policy . 
  had his advisers been more realistic and less ideological , things would have been better . 
  the sad part is that he really , really wanted to go to war with saddam hussein . 
  the situation was not ideal before the war , but the odds of a war making it better were very poor , but this idea that the defeat of saddam hussein might be a destabilizing blow to the whole region did n't quite connect . 
  the only reference i remember from that time is possibly the `` like a bull in a china shop '' idea of the us in the middle east . 
  still -10 % combat strength to enemies !, 
  norway is in the eea while everyone is 100 % clear with norway not being `` inside the eu '' . 
  what would the required majority to leave the uk be ? 
  to recognize the loss officially would be political suicide and giving a free win to russia , so the territory will remain formally ukrainian for the foreseeable future , i think . 
  yes , that 's the rub . 
  in the minsk agreements , however , moscow were clear that all obligations in donbas would fall on the ukrainian government . 
  as the situation is now , ukraine should not send a single hryvnia that way . 
  putin 's plan is that ukraine should be liable for the economy in the rebel-held territories . 
  now it 's obviously about establishing that ukraine is not a country with uncontested borders that can freely join nato . 
  the annexation of crimea along with the severe blow to the ukrainian navy allowed russia to be the uncontested naval power in the black sea . 
  in a scenario with a richer and more stable ukraine as a member of nato , they could see unwanted competition . 
  in the short run , their lease of sevastopol was * not * threatened , but i guess in a 2045 + scenario with a rival ukraine bolstered by nato , there would be the possibility for ukraine to simply refuse to extend the lease . 
  also , the internal political gains for putin were larger than could be bought for money !, 
  one of the many tragedies . 
  in some sort of qe scheme with made-up money ? 
  some sort of reset in effect would have been good , but how would you achieve all the desired effects . 
  it would n't have been acceptable to completely run over the foreign investors in greece , the ecb would n't have survived . 
  great comment . 
  yes , greece got a deal that was too shitty already in the beginning , then it 's become a game of `` how much will the economy contract thhs year ? '', 
  it would have taken * a lot * braver people at the helm of the major institutions in order to bailout greece in a way that the rest of europe would have accepted . 
  the financial crisis has seen many novel measures being tried out , but what you are proposing would be braving uncharted territory while likely getting accused of `` printing money '' and possibly risking stagflation . 
  the problem is when you have screwed your government finances by not saving in the coffers during good times . 
  the greece problem in essence . 
  their only alternative to austerity is , and has been 1 . 
  getting taxpayer money from other countries 2 . 
  grexit with a default , a scenario that would probably have been worse for greece than it was for argentina . 
  subsidized loans and forced austerity from the eu and imf , along with a haircut i do think the austerity has been too harsh , but a large correction in the greece economy was necessary . 
  they had lost all hope to finance their own economy . 
  many countries have pulled out stronger after budget cuts during crises , simply because it was politically much harder to do it without the crisis . 
  yes , but if you watch how economies are run , no country is run in a theoretically pure way . 
  if the emphasis lies on austerity to correct the balance of the state budget , the argument is that the timing of the correction is less important than getting it done asap . 
  if the weight is on the other leg , budget deficit cuts are postponed until the economy is looking to overheat . 
  yes , austerity is best applied when there 's a solid amount of natural growth to divert savings from . 
  austerity becomes destructive when the economy is failing . 
  i saw a polonez recently . 
  good times . 
  yeah , polish sounds like russian to the untrained ear . 
  kind of how someone not used to nordics could confuse norwegian and icelandic . 
  germany had trouble retaining catholics while the pope was german - he was basically too conservative for the was majority of nominally catholic germans . 
  do n't let facts get in the way with basic balkan slander . 
  still , non-british eu citizens in britain pay more taxes than they receive benefits . 
  that whole line of reasoning is a big lie . 
  wage and job market competition is a more honest debate to take . 
  i think it goes both ways . 
  governments can create a situation where a majority is discouraged from getting insightful news coverage . 
  likewise , the public can fail to demand access to good information . 
  nope , the competing parties are in an even worse state . 
  that too , but it 's connected to the lack of urgency . 
  lack of urgency =  doing something seems more suspect . 
  true . 
  i guess the economic crisis and other matters took priority at the time . 
  it 's very hard to act while few think your issue has urgency ( look at carbon emissions ) .
