  one of my friends made more than $ 100k on his 2-roomer in about five years . 
  he bought it new and did zero investments . 
  the hot potato will not be optional , sorry ... 
  mission for 2016 : pass the danes , leave them in the dust . 
  it 's really a formulaic teenage romance , but full of themes that are not normally in teenage romance movies . 
  [ such as the scene where they are going to hitch-hike to stockholm , the song `` i want to know what love is '' plays on the radio , agnes and elin start kissing , the driver notices and kicks them out of the car ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbwnqfclz28 ) . 
  love is a nickname for ludvig , and has nothing to do with `` love '' , although i guess that coincidence is partly why it 's so popular . 
  was better , imho . 
  true arbetarklass ? 
  it was never big here , silke = silk for us . 
  `` anna '' is ridiculous in my generation . 
  a friend i had in high school complained that she was one of seven annas at the same party once . 
  hjalmar as in hjalmar branting is badass . 
  vilhelm is much cooler , but not popular at all . 
  love is kind of mainstream . 
  i prefer mr beauchamp blowlamp, 
  on the other hand , the oscar/william/lucas trojka has been three of the top five names since 2003 . 
  they are the top three for 2013 . 
  i 've lost contact with most of my hipster friends , what kind of names are popular on s\u00f6der these days ? 
  what 's your beef with it ? 
  and we had lucas as # 1 in 2006 and 2013 . 
  moscow/kremlin does n't sell out . 
  it has it 's own destiny . 
  at least in putin 's mind . 
  yeah , putin is in the camp that says `` i 'd rather go down in flames than play second fiddle '' . 
  and he 's betting not just the ives of 150 million russians , but upwards of 100 million other people 's lives too . 
  russia did not exist in 1990 . 
  communism was failing everywhere in europe and it was critical to not threaten the soviet union . 
  how is this not easy to understand ? 
  and nato did not `` aggressively expand '' into eastern europe , it was invited , because russia was not trusted . 
  soviet had ruled eastern europe for over 40 years , and nearly everyone hated them for it . 
  you reap what you sow . 
    russia would still have a lease on the port and the only thing that says the eu is russia 's archenemy is russia . 
  it 's bizarre for adults to be suggesting this . 
   in the event of a conflict the complete base would be neutralized . 
  which means it would have been rendered practically useless . 
  the us has guantanamo on cuba . 
  cuba and the us are not exactly friends . 
  and uppity baltics ? 
  you mean recently oppressed people who get to breath some fresh air after being mangled by soviet rule ? 
  the money does n't rule alone quite yet , even if it has become more important . 
  teachers used to be respected , even though they were never paid particularly well . 
  `` destroyed '' implies eradicated , and that is n't the case . 
  no , we interbred . 
  primarily , it was the indo-european culture that was successful . 
  i do n't know how it affected danes outside of denmark , but for the longest time you were not able to use foreign debit cards in denmark . 
  once i was in denmark for an aikido camp , and one of my friends thought ( jokingly ? ), 
  that i was racist or nationalistic when i chose to make my withdrawal at nordea . 
  that 's because danish cards started working internationally only about 5 years ago ... 
  you forgot leland appointing the ukraine government and mentioning $ 5 billion, 
  success ? 
  having a decent job or not is one of the largest factors for happiness and over all satisfaction with your life . 
  was it collapsing last year ? 
  irish independence did n't happen yesterday . 
  we ca n't continue the disarmament , however . 
  most countries in europe can invest 10-15 % more in their military without sacrificing much economically . 
  and people protested , they liked having the ditch in clear view . 
  ( seriously ), 
  most russian-speaking ukrainians are firmly anti-russian aggression now . 
  i know my family is . 
  there 's both the culture bias ( cringing at the russian speakers as the bad guys and general stereotyping ) , but also a strong political identification with ukraine and self-determination instead of being locked in political and economical stasis as moscow 's vassal . 
  one guy voted for `` coffeh '' which is the user name of a mod of / r/europe and / r/sweden, 
  sd are socially conservative , borderline reactionary . 
  you can abridge their party program by saying `` we want the early 60s again '' . 
  family = 2 generations in sweden . 
  we do not live with our grandparents ( rare exceptions exist ) . 
  i went voting with my wife . 
  when i lived in a dorm i may have voted with some of my friends , i do n't remember exactly . 
  the are plenty of places to vote , usually you 'd vote in a different place if you live more than 300-600m apart in a city . 
  it 's not racist but bigoted . 
  and a lot of sd public statements are of the kind `` nudge , nudge , you know what i mean '' . 
  social justice warrior =  most scorned archetype on reddit . 
  remarkable how this sounds exactly like the eu/nato response to the war in ukraine . 
  did n't you get the email ? 
  social justice is a bad thing now . 
   mho the situation is worse than ever with this situation , integrating them into government and neutering sd would be the best possible outcome . 
  you cant state outlandish things if you actually have to enforce them later . 
  the social democrats in denmark did just that , and it did n't help them much . 
  dansk folkeparti just got 90 % of what they wanted in terms of immigration restrictions . 
  not bad for a party not representing more than 1/6 of danes . 
  but i agree that an economic crisis in sweden could turn the tables . 
  i give up . 
  i did n't ignore it . 
  i even admitted this is a problem , but so small it does n't affect the outcome significantly . 
  what i mean is that is highly unlikely that the marginal parties get heavily invested in individual votes , because ultimately , it does n't matter . 
  sweden has the highest ( or among the highest ) rate of single-person households in the world . 
  today , some young people have trouble getting a place of their own , but still most move out around the same time they get to vote . 
  i admit it 's a problem , but it 's a very small problem . 
  99 % of the social control can be exercised anyway . 
  and if you want to preempt the whole thing , you can just vote before election day . 
  say that you do n't want to vote but vote anyway . 
  you can vote before the election day . 
  you can vote for about 12 hours . 
  i admit that this could be a problem if a really violent party made it over 4 % , but as of now , those parties do n't care too much about voting because they do n't matter . 
  sure . 
  it 's still really easy to hide what you vote for . 
  take multiple ballots , say that `` this election is quite difficult '' and that you like to keep what you voted for a secret . 
  the only real opportunity for family control that the swedish system offers that others do n't is that a member could put a hand on your hand when you reach for a certain ballot . 
  but i think the local workers would protest if they have any moral fiber . 
  they are losing votes as a `` team '' , though .
