  can you give some info ? 
  un can go fuck themselves . 
  i like how you downplay the problem . 
  we have hundreds and thousands of former fighters coming into europe , many of them islamists . 
   i 'd very much prefer to just live and continue to care about living . 
  so where will all germans go after their country is annexed and pillaged ? 
   but tbh we on our own could n't stand up to an attack right now either . 
  a capable military and people who are willing to fight will make a enemy think twice . 
   i would n't risk death to protect a place . 
  and what if without your country there will be no your people ? 
  would you fight for it ? 
  you think everyone who is willing to defend their country/people thinks war is call of duty ? 
  sure , but at some point you stop caring whether you live or die . 
  besides , its all a dice roll . 
  i dont understand you . 
  you realize if everyone had the same mentality as you , germany would be defenceless ? 
   the answer can not be to give up journalistic integrity look whos talking, 
  yeah , everyone who doesnt agree with me is a uneducated hick !, 
  you showed him, 
  if youve followed media on this its pretty clear some actors are trying to label anti-eu/anti-mass migration and such people as `` russian shills '' basically . 
  the first time i saw that happen was during the petition to abolish mandatory swedish when pro-mandatory swedish actors were throwing allegations that the whole thing is orchestrated by kreml, 
  do you think nordic countries are the only place with this sort of prisons ? 
  thats rich . 
  you could provide some actual arguments to point out how hes `` full of shit '' . 
  yeah , the problem is that as opposed to the immigration weve had in the past , now theres mass amounts of people using the asylum system as a easy way to migrate permanently because of economical reasons . 
  and this is not sustainable at all . 
  there is a point at which that will happen , if the situation doesnt change . 
  regardless of the law . 
  you should take your pills . 
  asylum seeker = / = immigrant . 
  dont try to bunch those together, 
   deeply un-french no true scotsman, 
   they think it would be a great idea to open fire at women who are trying to cross the border they didnt say that . 
  they stated that firing on migrants trying to cross borders illegally is a possibility . 
  which it is also fn isnt `` far-right '' . 
  reminds me of when i was quite young , my grandfathers cat had crippled a huge rat ( not as huge as the one in the article ) . 
  grandpa gave me a shovel and we made it come out in the open from under the stairs and then killed it . 
  smoke signals . 
  i dont sprak svenska , tag, 
  sorry , i didnt mean to crap on the whole playlist . 
  i just checked thomas wallgren one first since i heard of him . 
   you could actually argument why he 's wrong theres no evidence that the welfare of finland is because of exploiting other peoples . 
  i dont really care that much . 
  im just disgusted by people who tell flat out lies to advance their political agenda and/or advocate pushing some sort of guilt on a group of people . 
  all while enjoying the comfort of their untouchable seat in a university of something , like this guy . 
   senior lecturer of philosophy and director of the von wright and wittgenstein archives at the university of helsinki that doesnt matter shit . 
  i mostly commented on the fact that he was presenting a factually wrong and generalizing statement claiming that the welfare of finland and north europe is partly because of `` 500 years of exploiting others '' . 
  which is simply not true , no matter what degrees this guy has . 
  remember that hes also a politician, 
  yeah , sure , if you dont see yourself as a part of german people . 
  but id bet most germans do . 
   do n't understand this sentence . 
  a nation state is the optimal way for a nation to govern itself and secure their welfare and freedom . 
  well peoples generally stick together to secure their interests . 
  its natural . 
  the best country for a nation is their own nation state . 
  labeling eurosceptics as `` russian shills '' will just further polarize the situation and make people hate the eu even more . 
   in central europe , in a dark mirroring of eu democracy promotion efforts in the ex-ussr , russian intelligence is seed funding the far-right underground . 
  and all of them have committed anti-europeans . 
  anti-european ? 
  so opposing the eu is being `` anti-european '' now ? 
  whole article is a load of crap . 
  if these people dont have any arguments apart from labeling their opponents as pro-kreml agents then fuck them . 
  and fuck eu too if this is the sort of eu were getting . 
   `` we have solutions that can replace nuclear power . 
  we should use them . '', 
  what solutions ? 
  typical greenpeace . 
  that thomas wallgren one was the stupidest shit ive heard in a while . 
  when did finland have colonies ? 
  when did we `` import violence '' in other continents ? 
  you dont identify as german and want best for your people ? 
  why ? 
  i like how they aborted the handling of the petition to abolish mandatory swedish 4 times for no reason to buy time and then thrashed it by using arguments proven wrong a billion times . 
  then after that they even had the fucking nerve to say `` the government has shown what people really think '' . 
  even if 70-75 % oppose mandatory swedish according to all polls from that time . 
  swedish peoples party is cancer . 
  i forgot if you oppose eu you are automatically a pro russian troll redneck , right ? 
  thats why people who ccw also train for situations so they are prepared . 
  no its not . 
  of course if youre being held at gunpoint and start pulling out a gun , yeah it will escalate . 
  homever if say a group of people starts attacking you and you pull a gun on them , do you think they will risk it ? 
  pretty much same buildings were built here in 60 's and 70 's ( they got design ideas from the building projects in soviet union , specifically baltic countries ) . 
  they are ok quality , i guess because of maintenance work . 
  though some districts [ werent very well maintained ] ( http://imgur.com/uclmrjz ), 
  yep . 
  also the language is quite cool , same with udmurt . 
  first one looks like a massive cooling device, 
  [ yle building or something in pasila ] ( http://imgur.com/tle3b0z ) [ weird building in turku ] ( http://imgur.com/ubvxzoq ), 
   apparently we are n't even capable of handling the same amount of asylum seekers as lebanon , or less than half the amount that turkey handles . 
  do you think we would get this amount of asylum seekers/migrants if we provided them only the basic necessities like turkey does ? 
  they arent all refugees , a large portion is migrants motivated by better life in europe . 
  the un is a rotten pile of shit anyways . 
  the migrant/refugee crisis isnt all about syria . 
  sorry thats unimaginably naive . 
  why would they go back ? 
   two years ago , the us refrained from establishing a no-fly zone in the northern part of the country or providing massive support to those moderate rebels who were fighting against both syrian president bashar assad and islamic state . 
  doing so would have been perhaps the most effective measure in preventing the mass flight we are seeing now . 
  this is simply not true . 
  the mass migration we are seeing now is because its a very easy way for anyone to get into europe .
