  im not doubting it , but i havent seen any concrete evidence that it happened . 
  i dont . 
   it only happened in spite of logical arguments because of nationalism . 
  maybe the brits just got fed up with the problems eu has and felt that it goes against their interests ? 
  im not for or against brexit personally by the way . 
  as i posted in another thread , nationalism isnt the `` enemy of eu '' unless they make it into one by antagonizing nationalists across europe in an attempt to scapegoat and blame nationalism for the euroskeptic sentiments . 
  eu needs to take a less antagonizing approach to this . 
  after all , eu is mainly composed of nation states . 
  for a large part of europes population , nationalism equals patriotism . 
  i guess generally the values of a constitutional state and valuing human rights . 
  other than that its a bit of a cliche . 
  sometimes its used to signify values that may be promoted by eu or individual eurofederalist political parties but in reality are the values of a rather small clique rather than being the norm across europe . 
  blaming nationalism for brexit and the growing euroskeptic sentiment is counterproductive . 
  its essentially scapegoating and self-deception , going for the easy target instead of using their brains and addressing the issues eu has . 
   the failure to push the project forward during a decade of economic slump had fuelled a re-emergence of `` blinkered nationalism '' i dont understand this stuck-up mindset that condemns nationalism as invariably anti-eu . 
  eu ( the comission specifically ) should embrace the fact that nationalism is a thing and its not the enemy unless they make it into one by antagonizing people with nationalist sentiments across europe . 
  nationalism might be viewed badly in some member states ( for example germany ) but in many other member states its absolutely normal and doesnt necessarily carry the connotation that nationalism = anti-eu, 
   the-eu-did-not-contribute-to-peace narrative is a populist stock argument tbh its impossible to say how big of a role eu playing in the relative peace that europe has had . 
  there was a bunch of other factors too that propably had a bigger impact than eu . 
  sure , eu did have some effect in it though  the argument is invented for the express purpose of discrediting the eu . 
  its pretty safe to say that some people do exaggerate the effect eu had on the more or less sustained peace there has been . 
  it was the result of several different factors , not just eu . 
   i do n't go to r/uk to pest about the british empire and british war mongering , do i ? 
  i was under the impression that this sub is for discussing matters involving europe , regardless of your opinion on the eu or brexit . 
  does criticizing eu make you unwelcome here in your opinion or what ? 
  come on . 
   very cloying and dulcet , but the cringing in enhanced by how unintentionally parochial the entire thing comes across . 
  these guys think of themselves as cosmopolitans ; yet they believe the reason the eu is the reason why people live abroad or there are french cheese and italian wines on the shelves . 
  i 'm tempted to invite him to drop by zurich so we can visit a supermarket . 
  which part of this was `` right-wing '' ? 
  the criticism he expressed is not restricted to rightwingers . 
  i wouldnt go and categorize people like that, 
   it is completely pointless to try to argue with a brexitter . 
  no reason can penetrate inside that shell . 
  it 's a complete waste of time . 
  lol . 
  criticism of certain aspects of the eu dont make you a brexitter this sort of mentality you expressed is why more and more people dig themselves into their ideological foxholes, 
  well look whos fearmongering now, 
   it 's no surprise that this project has come under a lot of strain recently in turkey . 
  akp purposely wrecked ataturks legacy, 
   who the fuck is organising these protests ? 
  its called slacktivism, 
  same with your comment . 
  that just comes off as very arrogant . 
  i think its a massive oversimplification to blame nationalism for the world wars . 
  you said his post was `` right-wing '' . 
  why ? 
  also , i didnt `` equate it with invalid '' . 
  i * asked * you if you did . 
  no one is putting words in your mouth , stop victimizing yourself, 
   if you have your own opinion lead with that instead rather than trying to fabricate one for me so you can tear it down . 
  thats why i asked you what you base your allegation on and whether you think that it makes the opinion less valid . 
  you didnt answer either , instead you went and accused me of making a straw man . 
  im sorry if it seemed like a straw man since thats not what i intended to do smartass, 
  because you put it in that way . 
   your very first post is a vague rightwing soliloquy attacking the author with a bed of flowery prose hiding a baseless opinion you said it was `` right wing '' . 
  what do you base this allegation on ? 
  if someone has a different political orientation than you , does it make their opinions less valid ? 
  as we speak , our interior ministry prepared a `` integration program '' for returning isis fighters and their families theres a lot of things we can do to prevent this from happening here and the first would be to deny these isis fighters from getting in here to go on with their lives, 
  bosnia isnt fucking chechnya , stop assuming nato can fix everything . 
  im not against nato but youre just naive . 
  maybe learn the history of the happenings in chechnya and educate yourself also why do you assume that people of chechnya would want nato to `` fix '' their country ? 
  are you just smug ? 
   yeah , no . 
  it 's occupied . 
  its a long and complex story . 
  theres a good reason why chechnya couldnt remain independent  why would nato ever get itself into bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  because it wants stable countries . 
  chechnya will never become stable 2 . the current situation is about as good as its gon na get  no power vacuum with nato . 
  did n't you read ? 
  so nato will permanently occupy chechnya instead of russia ? 
  youre hilarious , holy shit . 
  and what happens when nato leaves ? 
  or are you going to build democracry , like in afghanistan ? 
  how did that work out ? 
   i 'm certain nato can do the same in chechnya lmao why in the fuck would nato ever get itself into chechnya . 
  theres nothing in chechnya . 
  all russia wants is that it stays stable and doesnt spawn any more jihadist groups . 
  any power vacuum in chechnya is guaranteed to destabilize it and give foothold to these groups . 
  do you have any idea how bad it was there until kadyrov managed to stabilize the situation , with the help from kremlin of course . 
  chechnya is a part of russia and nato deploying to chechnya would start an open conflict . 
  let me guess , next youre going to suggest arming islamist militants in caucasus . 
  youre definitely not the sharpest pencil in the box, 
  are you fucking kidding me chechnya is somewhat stable because of kadyrov . 
  yeah he might be a dickhead but if hes removed , there would be a power vacuum and all shit would break loose . 
  no question about that . 
  do you have any idea how this works down there ? 
   i 'm sure most people in chechnya , georgia , ukraine or moldavia would welcome a regime change in russia . 
  ehh not necessarily all of those . 
  ukraine yeah , maybe . 
  but definitely not in fucking chechnya , the region would be in chaos again with islamist groups gaining strenght and the internal feuds would get way , way worse . 
  georgia and moldavia will dislike russia anyways , it doesnt matter if theres a regime change . 
  also a regime change isnt always for the better . 
  the regime will change when it does . 
   i want a regime change in russia honestly that wouldnt be a good idea . 
  its easy for you to support that when you dont neighbor russia, 
  whats wrong with the header picture ? 
  alot of those protests had antisemitic undertones or antisemitic actors organizing them . 
  if i yell jews to the sea what does it sounds like to you ? 
   i do not believe that a person should have the capability to take someone elses life as easily as they can with a gun .
