  no credible sources for this . 
  honestly , amnesty international can fuck itself . 
  if they try something , imprison them . 
  then they will have some real issues to whine about, 
  sweden is american lapdog . 
  theres a good reason to believe the scenario he speculated will play out . 
  its a privilege . 
  removing it would still be an infringement on personal freedom . 
  over here , owning a semiautomatic rifle is an important thing for about 90,000 people who practise sra-shooting and other shooting sports . 
  why do you want to fuck them over ? 
  because you dont value their activities ? 
  because someone shot up people in your country with illegal guns , you want to ban our legal firearms , owned by law abiding persons ? 
  dont forget we have conscription , and its good to have a large number of people who train often and maintain their weapons . 
  we fully support czech republic , poland and hungary against your idiocy . 
  strict gun policy doesnt always mean its the best choice for preventing firearms from ending in the wrong hands . 
  theres other factors in it too . 
  also , a semiautomatic rifle isnt technically an assault rifle . 
  so i dont give a fuck what you have trained with , youre still lacking in the facts departement . 
  the law was being prepared all the time , they only published it after the paris attacks ( even though finnish officials had uncovered the proposal and warned about it , even though eu at that point denied its existence ) [ all the basics of this proposal are here , in english ] ( http://www.toiminta-ampujat.fi/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=31&amp;t=32778 ), 
  so you are allright with the authorities needlessly infringing the personal freedom of a large group of people because you dont value a particular activity they partake in ? 
  everyones life is important . 
  you still havent shown a credible argument as to why cameron should have armed bodyguards but an average , law abiding citizen should not be able to carry a weapon . 
  maybe fuck your mom, 
  nice meme hes not gon na lmao push the big red button . 
  do you think hes unstable just because you dont agree with him ? 
  ever since people realized trump doesnt mean the end of the world, 
  https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;vertical=default&amp;q=kill%20trump&amp;src=typd here we can see peaceful hillary supporters, 
  that sounds pretty horrible . 
  what sort of physical problems are you suffering from by the way ? 
  if youre ok with answering that, 
  no , i just think trump was the better option . 
  and neither of those are what happened, 
  im glad trump won, 
   president capable of dropping bombs on the entire world population many times over . 
  dropping bombs on the entire world population requires the approval of more than just the president lol do a reality check, 
  bullets ricochet you know, 
   whatever this guy was doing was n't premeditated nor was it carefully planned to cause damage and fear . 
  isis just literally published a statement/call to commit `` lone wolf '' stabbing attacks . 
  so yes if this guy did it in this purpose , it was a terror attack and hes a terrorist . 
  are you also one of those people who would call the stabbing attacks in israel something like * `` alleged terror attacks '' * ? 
   the difference is that we know the daily mail is biased and would do such things . 
  i could just as well say that about my opinions . 
  your opinion on daily mail is an allegation as well . 
  wheres the concrete proofs ? 
  * `` im right because i know that x media is bad and would do bad things '' * thats an allegation right there  all countries have extreme racists and anti immigrants , by using that exact issue as your example , you are easily categorized as such , and someone just seeking applaud from others with similar views . 
  im an `` extreme racist '' now ? 
  because i touched the wrong issue/subject ? 
  hahahah you have an extremely polarized view on this . 
  for you theres only `` we good people '' and `` the extreme racists '' . 
  go think about it . 
  honestly i dont give a shit if some narrow-minded person categorizes me as something terrible just because i touched a subject outside of their comfort bubble . 
  i dont care if that person is a `` good person '' or `` bad racist '' . 
  ive been called names by both sides . 
  yes . 
  that doesnt mean i said hes purely politically persecuted or some shit . 
  the case just has a political taint to it and because of that theres some pressure on police to try every measure to get him arrested and interrogated in finland . 
  they could very well do the interrogation remotely . 
  which is usually whats done in cases like this . 
  and shutting down websites is literally censorship . 
  i dont support the idea of just blocking a certain site because x political faction got furious over it . 
  there needs to be a judicial process and the laws must prevent arbitrary censorship that would infringe freedom of speech . 
  as far as i know , theres no judicial basis to censor mvlehti . 
  thats why i oppose censoring it , even though i dont like it . 
   i notice that their attack are actually on the greens , which are actually the sdf ( secular rebels ) . 
  maybe you should double check that map mate . 
  green on both maps represents territory held by various opposition groups ( including nusra and other such salafi/even jihadist groups ) . 
  yellow on first map and orange on the second map represents sdf territory  russia is the bad guy , they are bombing the ones fighting the terrorists and helping assad , which is according to the un a terrorist . 
  ok , who are the `` good guys '' in this war ? 
  because i dont see any, 
  fuck off with your meme . 
  for example jfs/al-nusra . 
  are they not jihadist ? 
   bellingcat has shown that their attacks on isis and other terrorist were not true . 
  but i guess , troll do n't care about facts . 
  russia has been bombing the shit out of various jihadist factions which you could very well call terrorist, 
   there is still a huge difference and what is the difference ? 
  be honest now and dont just fuck off . 
  tell us the difference, 
   these people who exactly ? 
  yes , theres some idiots who claim bias and propaganda every time they see something they personally dont like in the media . 
  but when theres something thats ( objectively looking ) disinformation and biased bullcrap in the media , it should be called out . 
  how is my criticism of how alot of finnish msm reported about the refugee issue different from helmia 's criticism of daily mail for example ? 
   the government 's counter-terrorism strategy , prevent , `` may fuel discrimination '' what a fucking joke of a report, 
   most of our newspapers are politically neutral depends on the subject . 
  when the asylum seeker situation began last year autumn , the bullshit in the media was insane , just bullshit every day . 
  you can think whatever you want about immigration and refugee issues but you cant deny that media was very biased and disinformative ( as in publishing literal lies in order to effect the public opinion ) about that issue especially during the first months . 
  well were you involved with criminal groups etc ? 
  if you werent , then its not suprising . 
  criminals dont brandish their guns around for no reason . 
  but im sure your local speed distribution gang etc. 
  has firearms at their disposal . 
  `` gun prohibition '' doesnt do shit about that . 
  yep . 
  its most certainly possible and theres some legit vendors but also a whole bunch of vendors with dozens of fake feedback . 
   unfired guns do n't have a smell picked up by sniffer dogs and plenty of quite significant drug packages get delivered internationally each day . 
  well , alot of packages are intercepted not because of the smell , but because they are in for example same pile of mail crates where a drug dog sniffs a smelly letter . 
  so they x-ray a whole bunch of mail , maybe a few crates in hopes they find more contraband than just one smelly weed letter . 
  our customs does this alot , thats why theyre effective to the point nodoby bothers to order abroad and we have a booming domestic online drug market which has actually gone international and is the longest standing marketplace currently lol . 
  also , packages are generally examined more than letters . 
   schengen might as well count as domestic of course also .
