   i made this account just to upset alt righters and t_d supporters , whats wrong with that so youre trolling and not contributing anything to the discussion . 
  just shitposting . 
  you upset everyone not just `` alt-righters '' because of the retarded shit youre spewing  do you secretly support them ? 
  seems like you do are you secretly a nazi ? 
  is that why you made this alt account ? 
  seems like you are , 
  i have never posted on r/the _ donald you created your account 5 hours ago and youve been trying to bait and insult people on several different subs . 
  youre literally trolling on several subs, 
  the world would be a much better place if people like you were able to keep the discussion civil instead of resorting to this sort of shit . 
  please let this be a troll, 
  antagonizing poland for the pis govt wont do anything good . 
   by having one of the leading members of the eu have an openly federalist president it will go forward in advancing the cause of federalism . 
  well i hope he proceeds with that in a manner that benefits all of eu , not just the pro-federalist factions . 
   eu-federalism is the way forwards !, 
  yes but it will lead to huge problems if the major problems with the eu are not dealt with ( on top of the financial mess there is transparency issues , centralization of power/decisionmaking , influential countries forming a majority and walking all over the interests of smaller countries , the gun directive is a good example of this ) i believe federalization is absolutely necessary and the way to go when the eu is ready for it . 
  but in its current state we should just stop with that , make reforms to deal with the issues i mentioned and then talk about federalization, 
  how exactly will macron 's presidency solve the issues that eu has ? 
  theres still alot of work in fixing eu . 
  le pen and such are only a symptom . 
  blind anti-eu or arrogant pro-federalist factions wont make the situation better , we need a moderate approach to deal with this and make the idea of further integration realistic . 
  i very much dislike eu in its current state but i have some hope that it might get better and develop into something i can support again . 
   if you look at any of these new far right leaders they 've sought to damage civil rights particularly of muslims she wouldnt have done shit . 
  at most shed have pulled something like trump 's `` muslim ban '' which would have been overturned by courts ( that would have been ready to deal with something like this ) . 
  remember a president doesnt have absolute power . 
   the fight against europe would have undermined the stability of an entire continent , its clear that her movement is dangerous . 
  the eurofederalism macron represents is a threat to the stability of eu aswell . 
  eu needs to calm the fuck down with this federalism hype and get a new approach for dealing with euroskeptic countries or euroskeptic movements . 
  if you ostracize them , that only makes their sentiments stronger . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  its easy to define fascism so smudging that definition by calling people `` almost fascist '' etc. 
  ambiguous terms is counterproductive, 
   she is a fascist , or at least the closest thing our time has to fascism . 
  at any rate she should be looked just as seriously as a fascist group should . 
  that depends on ones subjective views on this matter . 
  i dont think her presidency would have threatened civil rights or the stability of france any more than macron 's . 
  i guess this election was a bit of a shit sandwich in general . 
   an election victory gives fascism a kick in the teeth might make the radical right , the world over think twice . 
  i dont think le pen represents fascism . 
  she might be a populist and say ignorant shit but a fascist ? 
  the people have voted and macron won . 
  simple as that . 
  this is not some sort of fucking revolution , just another election . 
  this wont stop populism . 
  or fascism for that matter . 
  youre giving this whole thing implications that it doesnt have . 
   the people united will united to destroy far right , fascist white nationalists . 
  calm down lmao 35 % of the french voters are `` far right fascist white nationalists '' ? 
  also `` white nationalist '' doesnt really apply to europe . 
  le pen voters arent humans ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  typical dailysabah bullshit  racism and lagging integration lagging integration ? 
  what if a group of people doesnt want to integrate ? 
  yea as if they had a person from all of the blacklisted countries steal a car, 
   you would n't hear an anarchist say that . 
  who would have guessed . 
  anarchists are a fringe group though so their views are different from the mainstream view . 
  i guess patriotism * in itself * is authoritarian because it implies loyalty to the state and its legitimate establishment . 
  nationalism in itself is not necessarily authoritarian since its not bound to a nation , not the establishment . 
  allthough in nation states nationalism implicates loyalty to the state as its the quarantee of the interests and freedom of the nation . 
  this is just semantic bullshit though . 
  the point is anarchists are a fringe group who label people whatever they feel like labeling them . 
   most patriots and nationalists are authoritarian right . 
  not necessarily . 
  also i guess it depends on the country since countries have different political climates . 
  in germany nationalism might be marginalized so im not suprised if nationalists over there tend to be more homogenous as a group and generally authoritarian . 
  whereas over here in finland nationalism is normal , its not really associated with authoritarian tendencies and theres nationalists all over the political spectrum . 
  its not just a right-wing authoritarian thing . 
  its not like its that different in france . 
  pretty much all nuclear powers have similiar authorization procedures . 
   do you think that israel is going to feel secure with extreme right soldiers ? 
  are you implying that the bundeswehr is full of literal neonazis ? 
  there might be individual extremists . 
  im sure theres some in the idf aswell . 
  a green-on-blue scenario arising from individual antisemitic far-right extremists in the bundeswehr participating in an un operation in gaza ( your example ) would be ridiculously unlikely . 
  i meant the equivalent of a defcon 2 situation . 
  i know france doesnt use defcon . 
  wehrmacht committer war crimes , yes . 
  so did literally every other military force in ww2 . 
  i dont see anyone complaining about us military having ww2 memorabilia and relics displayed at their bases . 
  also note how i said `` appreciation for the military history of the country '' . 
  yeah . 
  which is sort of my point . 
  it was simply ww2 historical memorabilia that was displayed out of appreciation for the military history of germany , not out of appreciation for the nazi regime , their ideology or their war of agression and the atrocities that were committed i cant wrap my head around how displaying a wehrmacht helmet and pictures of wehrmacht soldiers is considered as nazi sympathy or something . 
  the majority of those soldiers didnt fight for the nazi regime . 
  they fought for their comrades . 
   he epitomizes the corruption and dysfunction of the whole eu . 
  this a billion times . 
  the sooner that arrogant toothless drunk is gone , the better . 
  lwow je polska remove ukraines go bak to the steppe hahahah you are born from the nazi eggn bandera go to the hovel, 
  thats just insanely stupid on top of being discriminative . 
  i bet they havent even had any cars stolen but just decided to make a list of nationalities they see as `` dangerous '' and inferior . 
  kudos to this guy for exposing it . 
  hell i dont even like eu in its current state but id visit the eu parliament, 
  i see, 
   he 's the only one giving the order . 
  yes , he has the final word on it and thus is responsible for the whole thing . 
   there are nuclear submarines roaming the earth constantly , and if they receive the codes for `` launch the missiles '' , they have to launch the missiles . 
  the president doesnt send the codes . 
  he just gives a green light for the strike . 
  you need 2 authorizations to proceed with the whole thing .
