same but i know they wont so i pretty much have begun to hate eu . 
  cant wait for the eu border guard forces . 
  or eu armed forces . 
  they are sayings its all voluntary . 
  please , eu . 
  the moment the situation is starting to look even slightly better you reveal your stupid fucking plans like this . 
  if this goes through , its better for eu to just break before its too late for it to break in a manner that wont cause a clusterfuck . 
  i grew half of my childhood in a single parent family . 
  its not about loving or respecting , im just saying that a single parent family is worse than a family where is 2 parents, 
   it 's fairly obvious what this sub 's bias is . 
  alternatively your own bias is so strong you see everything else as biased  any post about immigration , far-right parties or anything even remotely relevant to that matter is utterly dominated by right-wing comments . 
  how do you define a `` right-wing comment '' ? 
   vast majority of the voting and commenting part of this sub is right-wing and very conservative could it be that these opinions are simply popular in alot of countries ? 
  also being right-wing doesnt automatically mean conservative . 
  nice stereotyping . 
  you can even be leftist , liberal and a nationalist, 
  then you are simply lying to yourself . 
  kids raised in single mom families for example usually have more problems . 
  also the such family often has economical problems . 
  promoting = / = imposing, 
  globalization , isnt this what eu wanted all along ? 
   families like that are less than the half in many european countries . 
  and this is exactly why this model should be promoted . 
   europeans get delusional by thinking they could just shut the border and keep the problem in their front-yard . 
  if the borders were `` shut '' , it would remove a huge pull factor for economical refugees . 
  economical refugees have no right to abuse the asylum system . 
  if you think they do , then you are making the situation worse for genuine refugees . 
   in my opinion , the only solution to the refugee crisis is a comprehensive integration of the immigrants currently here how do you plan to accomplish this ? 
  are you sure they want to integrate to your society ? 
  do you think you can just mold cultures like playdough as long as you increase the funding for integration ? 
  let me tell you , you cant . 
  its not happening , especially with these numbers of migrants . 
  you are the delusional one , fooled by your own cosmopolitan ideologism . 
  they wont integrate if they dont respect your society and culture . 
   basically it means that you do not consider your own life or the lives of your countrymen to be worth more than that of a random arab in syria . 
  the fuck ? 
  do you understand that by importing people who are prone to becoming islamist etc. 
  you are essentially doing nothing but creating a conflict in your country ? 
   it is hard for nationalists to grasp its hard for anyone with half a brain to grasp your open borders ideology . 
  it leads to nothing but conflict  but it is one of the pillars of internationalist ideology , and surely the second-next step in overcoming tribalistic monkey-think . 
  take a guess which peoples need to overcome their tribalistic monkey-think . 
  hint : exactly the people that are coming to europe as a result of their countries being shit because of tribalistic monkey think, 
  how do you feel about all the economical refugees exploiting the asylum system ? 
  is it okay too ? 
  you noticed that alot of people hold different opinions than you so thats why you decided that r/europe must be a `` neo-nationalist reactionary '' echo chamber ? 
   germany does not even have one central heritage as it is german people are grouped together as germans because they have enough common heritage to be seen as a single nation, 
   the point is we 're past idealism because we saw where that leads ( twice ! ) . 
  id say the current government of germany is stupidly idealistic compared to afd who are more grounded . 
  afd hasnt stated their goal is to ban islam . 
   there are different types of family and none are better than the other . 
  are you saying that for example single mom families are better than a family where the kids have both of their parents ? 
  here the 90s would have been 2x as bad if it wasnt for german banks helping us . 
  when we joined eu it definitely helped us get out of the 90s depression and stuff , not to mention all the other benefits , free travel , trade , situation with civil rights etc. 
  improved alot ( just look at all the echr convictions on finland ) . 
  homewer even though i used to support eu , i dont like what eu is doing now . 
  i actually hate eu nowadays . 
  the current federalization process is harmful and will likely lead to even more undemocratic and less transparent decision making in eu . 
  also the `` what will the west think of us if we do x thing '' - attitude that eu brought with it is irritating as fuck . 
  i just want solid , functional relationship to eu , not some sort of finlandization 2.0 where the only difference is that moscow is replaced with brussels and we need to just take all their shit because `` hey we better not anger them '', 
   a good number of mass murdering maniacs were once law-abiding citizens , until the point they started shooting . 
  and if you look at overall gun crime , these cases are a tiny fraction . 
  have some perspective . 
  most gun violence is committed by gangbangers, 
  yeah time to give away all your shit then . 
  you first . 
  show me the last time 400 right wing extremists armed with batons and steel bars blocked a leftist party conference, 
  you would rather eat critters and bugs than sheeps head ? 
  whats wrong with y - oh wait , youre french, 
  says the snail eater frog . 
  the point was about far right , not right wing in general, 
   i suspect they would have a much nicer cuisine today if it was n't for communism . 
  yeah because russian cuisise was all developed during soviet era . 
  `` this soup doesnt look fancy , must be the communism ! '' . 
  snob, 
   any german who considers the afd not as right-wing is delusional and has no clue about the political landscape of germany . 
   my experience tells me that a discussion is futile okay then , mr. rational sane person, 
  there was alot of hungarian volunteers coming aswell but sweden didnt let them through . 
  damn it sweden, 
  when they tried to bomb my town their compasses fucked up every time and they had to dump all the bombs in the sea . 
   to me , he was just a power-hungry dictator who finlandized the minds of finnish people and kept his position of power with his connections with the kgb and kremlin . 
  true , but he was the best option . 
  do you have any actual arguments ? 
  there might be political weight to go after right wing terrorists and inflate the issue even though left wing radicals concretely pose similiar threats . 
  this doesnt actually matter much but it feeds the conflict . 
  just pointing this out , without taking further stance on this whole thing, 
   deputies have argued that the rule must have certain exceptions in case of terrorists attacks , hostage situations , large-scale unrest or armed attacks on important state property . 
   large-scale unrest heh . . * checks map * fuck . 
  yeah , banning movies will help for sure, 
  all roads, 
   in finland there are a few big firms putting up these centers for migrants and providing the services needed . 
  ill add that the most prominent of these is luona oy , which has several former and active officials and politicians ( or their relatives and partners ) in their board of directors . 
  the most prominent is paavo voutilainen , a corrupted scumbag official known for spending 72000 $ `` to furnish his office '' etc. 
  what is going on with the `` refugee business '' is pretty much corruption and legal stealing . 
  so you dont actually have anything to back up your words ( apart from a downvote ) , okay . 
   so what 's the problem if they spend more money trying to help people that ca n't live in their country because it 's a warzone ? 
  firstly that money could be used to make the conditions in refugee camps better . 
  it could be used to invest in developing nations . 
  not everyone who comes to seek asylum is entitled to refugee status . 
  a large portion are simply people who are seeking for a better life . 
  and guess what , theres hundreds of millions of potential asylum seekers like that and we cant take them all .
