  now thats a lie if ive seen one . 
  surely there is such people supporting pegida but id say they are a fraction of it . 
  victim card ? 
  please point out where i was trying to present pegida as the victim . 
  i was pointing out the strategy which the noisiest opponents of pegida abide by . 
   the people following them cant be suprised others call them `` names '' . 
  as i said , this is because the opponents of pegida etc. 
  dont have real arguments for their cause . 
  their only weapon is trying to ostracize people who disagree with them , pegida or not . 
  so what ? 
  what is the alternative for people in germany ? 
  even if there was 0 nazis in pegida , the `` open borders '' fanatics would still call them nazis , racists and hate them . 
  they want to undermine the movement by trying to create this picture that pegida isnt socially acceptable . 
  if you embrace that lie and silence yourself , youve already lost . 
   i mean kinda understandable how people could think they are nazis . 
  the only people who call them nazis are their opponents , who will continue to support the unsustainable , harmful refugee policies no matter what happens . 
  they cant be negotiated with , their views arent based on logic . 
  if everyone in movements like pegida was like you , they would have been stumped out long ago . 
  so fucking what if your opponents call you names ? 
  they do it because the agenda they drive is based on a social comfort zone , as soon as someone thinks differently in any way and thus steps out of that comfort zone they will call him names and ostracize him . 
  you understand ? 
  these opponents of pegida etc. 
  will shit on you the second you say you dont think that open borders are good . 
  they will hate you just for thinking differently , so they can keep people like you silent . 
  did you know that thinking that mundane things have strong , hidden meanings is a sign of a mental disorder ? 
   european settlers believed themselves to be superior dont generalize there dude , not everyone was like that . 
  i said at best it would be like libya . 
  most likely itd be worse . 
  amazing reply . 
   the country would be on its way to rebuilding . 
  i doubt . 
  it would be more like libya atm ( at best ) or like somalia in the 90 's . 
   also , this subreddit might interest you : / r/panichistory people are already being fucked over because of the `` refugee business '' . 
  but just keep ignoring the potential problems this might cause , i guess . 
  de facto they are being kicked out . 
  yes , they might have been directed to a different shelter . 
  this doesnt solve the problem as i explained in another reply . 
  the refugee business is a really good way of escalating the situation when its done in a short-sighted way like this . 
  and you know this wont stop , because people are greedy . 
  more and more homeless shelters etc. 
  will become refugee centers , then eventually there will be real problems . 
  are you gon na then put the homeless into tents or what while housing the refugees in former homeless shelters ? 
   the far right and neonazi right is now seeing their time to shine . 
  with their loud voices and stupid populism they ruin the ground and discussions for us `` normal '' right or center-right people . 
  some say you could not be against immigration in germany in the 100 % you actually wanted for fear of being called a nazi . 
  this isnt the fault of right wing extremists . 
  its because the people who have been driving unsustainable refugee policies have been purposefully promoting this idea that only nazis oppose it and labeling all their opponents racists and nazis . 
   stromfront/neonazi/pegida people drown out the non-populist right and make us all seem nazi/stupid by association . 
  the people who support unsustainable refugee policies are a minority , atleast over here ( according to several polls ) . 
  people need to stop caring about their attempts at discrediting and labeling their opponents `` nazis '' or racists . 
  what can they do then ? 
  nothing , because most of their control over the political field comes from their ability to throw alot of shit at their opponents in a very short time . 
  the situation is such that even if you dont agree with everything that for example pegida says , you should still go to their protests etc. 
  if you can . 
  dont let petty disagreements give more power to the `` refugees welcome '' - bloc, 
   now if the owners get greedy and kick them out , the only now homeless go to the next adiministration and get a room , like they have done before . 
  ok , what happens when more and more homeless shelters are transformed into refugee centers because refugees = money ? 
  do you not see a problem in this ? 
  how does that justify kicking out homeless from the shelter ? 
  this is being done because of money . 
  not because `` the homeless can blame themselves '' . 
  without taking a stance on the russian intervention , why do you think the refugee situation would be better without it ? 
  there would still be a civil war and the situation could be even worse if the assad regime fell . 
  i think its mostly not wanting to be caught in the frontlines , regardless of who is bombing . 
   it 's exactly what 's being done since this whole thing started de facto , nothing is being done . 
  the answer is to make entering europe through the asylum process unattractive for economical refugees . 
  that is more effective than any `` common border policy '', 
  in any other country itd have been abolished already . 
   we live in a democracy . 
  riots are not how you give your opinion in a democracy . 
  the problem is more complex than that . 
  riots happen when the opinion of a large group of people is completely disregarded . 
  do you realize people are angry as a result of how fucking terribly the refugee situation is being handled ? 
   on several occasions have asylum critics thrown stones and explosives to the police , so they are probably nervous it will happen in their town as well . 
  far worse will happen if this refugee problem isnt dealt with in a sustainable manner, 
   pvv leader wilders asks people to resist against the government plans to house refugees in the netherlands . 
  many events where local governments gave information about the housing of refugees ended with heavy riots . 
  and ? 
  riots clearly signal of a problem . 
  the refugee policy is a failure . 
  we should resist such harmful policies, 
  ill choose that over repression of basic civil rights any time . 
  you are striving for this repression of their civil rights because of your political bias . 
  yes , this is going nowhere . 
  then i havent seen any of them . 
  can you link ? 
  my point is that as long as patrols dont break the law , they are ok . certain political bloc always complain about generalizations , yet now they generalize and spread rumours of these street patrol organizations and even want to restrict their freedom of assembly for no justifiable reason . 
  asikkalan turva for example . 
  nope , as i said theres no credible source for such claims . 
  the articles claiming that locals fear street patrols didnt have anything to back it up . 
  nothing at all . 
  its literally the same as if mvlehti claimed that locals unanimously support soo street patrols . 
  my point is that a msm outlet claiming that people are afraid of the street patrols is not a credible source . 
  especially when media is known to make shit up here . 
  it has everything to do with it . 
   i would always pick a democratically elected goverment over nazi scum . 
  who said all street patrols are nazi ? 
  look . 
  the govt wants to restrict freedom of assembly because these groups are peeving them . 
  id rather take these evil nazis over orpo , stubb and sipil\u00e4 any day,
