  if by `` inventing new vices '' you mean the never ending inventing of new research chemicals , they exist purely because drug criminalization . 
  sweden democrats isnt far right . 
  thats not at all what i said nor it is the point of my comment , so dont put words in my mouth . 
  i just pointed out its the first time i saw `` kremlin shill '' being used as an accusation by a high level politician to smear political opponents, 
  our msm literally calls alternative medias `` lie-medias '' i.e l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  or `` hate-lie-medias '' . 
  they arent very original, 
  ilja janitskin isnt a russian though . 
  hes finnish . 
  russian name doesnt make you a russian thankfully even the people who regularly read mvlehti dont take everything in it seriously ( only 8 % of its readers believe it ) . 
  mvlehti was useful in the way it exposed some cases the mainstream media was quiet about but on other hand as you said they pump out frothing-from-mouth level of retarded shit . 
  i still think that the way how rajat kiinni-people for example were alleged to be `` russian resonators/shills '' in some mainstream medias by `` pro-refugee '' and pro-eu people was fucking stupid . 
  it was clearly not the case and it was just a smear campaign without caring about the consequences . 
  trying to defame people like that is a good way to actually make some of them legit pro-russian . 
  afaik this recent thing with calling political opponents `` pro-kremlin '' or shills began a couple years ago when pro-mandatory swedish people tried to take the language thing to a geopolitical level by accusing the campaign against mandatory swedish to be `` orchestrated from kremlin '' because `` no actor in finland would have the resources to orchestrate this swedophobic campaign '', 
   putin wo n't let russia collapse without taking out the usa and the eu with nukes as he goes . 
  lol, 
   `` they are playing into putin 's pocket . 
  nationalist movements in finland and other european countries want to destabilize the european union and nato , and this goes straight into putin 's narrative . 
  '' yeah , lets just claim that everyone who opposes open borders policies and mass migration is a `` russian resonator '' . 
  thatll work out and well and not create further polarization !, 
   its easier to rely on a devil we know then on the devil we do n't know . 
  what ? 
  we do know what can go wrong with nuclear power and thats why safeguards and precautions have developed . 
   but that is no reason to invest in an even more dangerous technology . 
  theres very good reasons to invest in nuclear power . 
  not all regions can have hydroelectricity for example, 
   nobody cares nor should care about `` nations '' in the original definition of the term . 
  you cant ignore the fact that nations are a thing just because you would like them to not be a thing . 
  ignoring ethnic divisions and interests of ethnic groups/nations has led to many wars and atrocities . 
   people who do n't see themselves as members of a single human family on a global scale should get fucked . 
  r/killthosewhodisagree right ? 
  you can be a nationalist and still see yourself as a member of the human family, 
  where is your academic proof that eu is the reason for peace and sustained progress ? 
   what are anti-european people doing on a subreddit called / r/europe ? 
  discussing european things . 
  do you want this to be a echo chamber for your federalist views ? 
   peace of the nations on the european continent ( i.e. 
  the eu ) opposing eu federalization and other bullshit = / = opposing the idea of eu or the idea of european unity . 
  you really like to put words in other peoples mouth , dont you ? 
  im eating , are you trying to make vomit or what ? 
  this is about as realistic as `` whole world as one nation '' . 
  yeah looks good on paper allright but in reality its a stupid fucking idea, 
  hervanta suburb , the pop of that suburb is ~ 22,000 . 
  tampere overall is like 200,000 and yes we have shit tons of trees here . 
  also commieblocks dont take much space ( unlike american suburbs ) so theres way more trees and often its just the apartement blocks surrounded by forest like in that pic, 
  federalists just want to throw shit at poland, 
  i saw a bus of german tourists pull up near this hotel once ( we were in a park drinking next to it ) . 
  they had like 3 crates of beer in the bus cargo compartment and everyone was wearing stereotypical german tourist clothing ( literally what you mentioned , also vests ) . 
  they started to wander around the city , we offered them vodka but they did not want . 
  that `` wreck everything , build blocks instead '' - thing is called `` turun tauti '' here . 
  yeah . 
  though it goes both ways . 
  finnish worker in norway feels like estonian worker in finland, 
  in addition to what was already posted , theres also lots of apartement building suburbs http://imgur.com/zrhjok0 mostly renovated so they are good, 
   maybe the idea is to allow citizens to drink more in order to forget how fucked up the government is ... at this rate we need vodka in the cornerstore . 
  what a fucking huge stinking pile of shit of an `` article '' , fuck you guardian . 
   rain spattered on cobblestones . 
  i looked down at the streets as one roadblock after another sent me further from my hotel . 
  i remembered the photographs of 1938 and shuddered . 
  hahhahah , sounds like this reporter has some mental problems he should go get help for, 
  oh the good old `` far right brigaders '' - conspiracy, 
  any source on that ? 
   that would be what nationalists like to believe , since they do n't like ethnic minorities in general . 
  its simply true that some minorities/ethnic groups dont want to integrate . 
  they just dont care, 
  make a fist - yer on the list, 
  can you link their explanation then, 
  read below :  `` mr griffin also wants the reintroduction of national service and said everyone who had undergone it should be required to keep a modern assault rifle at home . '', 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/vote_2005/frontpage/4476279.stm that doesnt mean `` assault rifle armed brownshirts '', 
  with money you can get laboratory and precursors . 
  this is bigger problem than hand grenades in illegal markets, 
  likely all that stuff is degraded to the point there would be no large scale explosion, 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  why do you british fear firearms ownership so much ? 
  sorry thats a bunch of shit . 
  do you just swallow everything you read ? 
  the outright corruption around the refugee business is a thing here aswell . 
  nobody gives a fuck about laws with this matter . 
  they are public investments so anyone should be able to get the publicly availeble info on them but thats not happening . 
  ive asked such a document and got a paper with practically everything blacked out . 
  also nobody can calculate the exact expanses because theres alot of bullshit going on and someone can just come in and legally steal some for himself too . 
  they are also using the migrants as cheap workforce , so they can get even more money from the state now they are implementing a renting system for refugees flats that will drive up the prices alot and we have housing shortage to begin with, 
  theyll just riot and go on stabbing sprees . 
  and when the police has to act there will be even more shitstorm, 
  well im ok with it if they switch all coal energy for nuclear energy . 
  but these people will still complain and bitch while they have no alternatives . 
  also , whats up with the `` burn borders '' - mantra ? 
  just a trendy thing to say eh ? 
  they are chanting `` no borders , no nations , no coal power station '' ahahha what a fucking ridiculous protest . 
  stupid hippies e : i literally cant watch this any further with volume on . 
  the cringe is real, 
  its funny because its absolutely haram, 
  [ dime for new friedshib , gooberadion and mudual assisdanse bact agensd facisd mods : ddddd ] ( http://imgur.com/li5beky ), 
  sfw because fennoscandinavia covers the spurdo benis : ddd, 
  that looks pimp and for serious , manly potato farmers . 
  also no limp wrist yuppies will overtake you on the road , because they would be squished in their tin car . 
  thanks and praise batka, 
   do you remember a great flood of refugees from iraq war ? 
  no , because us had secure air space and no one was intentionally killing civilians .
