  not even for self defence not even for self-defence ? 
  self-defence is a human right . 
   their goal is to hit a target with a projectile , and they lose interest in the sport because their equipment does n't have the capability to harm humans anymore ? 
  i 'd be wondering about the intentions of a person who thinks that way . 
  shooting a toy gun is nothing like shooting an actual firearm . 
  i see you dont have any experience shooting a firearm yet you are suggesting that people who enjoy shooting firearms and wouldnt trade them for a toy gun have questionable intentions to me it sounds like you wouldnt trust yourself with a firearm so you apply that to everyone else . 
  maybe you have some suppressed urges or fantasies about killing people, 
  it was actually finnish officials who were the first to demand answers from eu comission if theres some gun directive thing going on in october 2015 . 
  the eu comission lied and denied it , only to make it all public after bataclan . 
  i dont doubt for a second that those people would fuck us over if they could . 
   but while it is the law , everyone follows it without exception . 
  dont be so sure about that . 
  our govt stated that if certain aspects of this gun law pass they will not be implemented in finland as they would harm our reservists . 
  you think eu can just trot over the smaller member states even when it comes to important things like national defence ? 
  theres some things that you cant change by whining from brussels also lets say even if some very harmful eu gun law was implemented here that would for example , ban semiautomatic weapons . 
  you can bet your ass that there would be tens of thousands of people who would not give them up . 
  imagine youre a reservist and eu fucks you over and your government doesnt give a shit . 
  why should you abide by this new law forced on you by basically foreign actors ? 
  there would be a big problem with tons of now illegal firearms ending up in black markets . 
  switzerland has pretty optimal gun policies . 
  dont try to fix what isnt broken . 
  good gun policies dont necessarily mean strict gun laws and resctriction on what you can , and cant own . 
  it all comes down to restricting guns from certain people who are not fit to own them or dont have a reason to own a particular type of firearm . 
  other than that there shouldnt be restriction on magazines or idiotic `` assault weapon '' laws . 
  gun control is good . 
  but the problem with gun control is that in many countries its dominated by a prohibition mentality . 
  prohibiting this and that isnt the key to building a succesful gun policy, 
  the only good thing our current govt did was that they were loud about the problems this gun directive will cause to us and other member states . 
  germany = / = eu . 
  if you have issues with reichsburger fanatics stockpiling firearms its not our problem so dont punish us for it by supporting this gun directive . 
   we stick together and do n't leave countries behind on purpose . 
  then stop trying to fuck over gun owners across the eu . 
  the gun directive proposal was originally put together by a group of very hoplophobic hippies from all sorts of `` peace organizations '' . 
  they just waited for a good terrorist attack to make it public ( finnish officials asked about the possible gun directive reform a mont prior to bataclan etc. 
  attacks and eu comission denied that it exists . 
  later they said it had been prepared for almost 2 years ) why ? 
  isnt the point of eu to safeguard the interests of member states thus leading to stability and not to fuck over the smaller member states ? 
   plus , there are more than enough ways and tools/weapons that people can defend themselves with , without resorting to the masculinity porn that are guns . 
  yeah i bet you watched quite a few videos on how to disarm someone using a magic karate chop and could incapacitate some crazie who has a problem with you and breaks into your house to kill you/your family . 
  this scenario might not be too common but self-defence is imo a valid use of firearms . 
  take a look at the crime statistics of estonia . 
  after they made it possible to obtain a firearm for self-defence around 2000 or something , the levels of violent crime fell alot . 
   nothing is lost besides some people 's ( lets be honest here : men 's ) obsession with lethal toys . 
  we have a pretty strong tradition of hunting . 
  reservists are essential for our national defence and they have to be allowed to maintain their capabilities . 
  marksmanship and sports shooting is a thing here too . 
  i fully support the argument of swiss rifle association against this gun directive because its harmful to the interests , even the culture of several member states and will make eu even more dysfunctional . 
   this proposal bans certain , unnecessary for hunting , rifles that do the same thing as any other hunting rifle . 
  it doesnt make any difference whether a person who hunts , is a member of the local hunting club/organization owns a bolt action or a semiautomatic rifle ( say , valmet petra or vepr ) . 
  legal firearms are very rarely used in violent crime . 
  its also very rare that they end up being sold onwards illegally . 
   the people `` outraged '' about it are some weird gun nuts with nothing better to do . 
  im pretty sure most finnish people for example oppose some aspects of this eu gun law/directive . 
  our government straight up stated that the aspects of the directive which will cause harm to reservist shooters and other sports shooters will not be implemented in finland . 
  some aspects of this directive were changed solely because across the eu , worried gun owners and hunting , sports shooting and reservist organizations mounted a pretty big response to the directive . 
  and you would just ignore these people ? 
  do you think you are somehow above them because you think what they do `` doesnt belong to european culture '' or something ? 
  jesus christ youre so smug . 
  i had hope in eu until this gun directive bullcrap , now ive come to realize that certain influential member states like germany dont give a damn shit about us and our interests such as allowing our reservists to maintain their capabilities by practising reservist shooting . 
  you dont give a fuck about our tradition of hunting and marksmanship . 
  the attitude of people like you will be what eventually breaks eu and crushes the dreams of ignorant eurofederalists . 
  the gun policies of switzerland have literally nothing to do with this case . 
  do you know how fucking rare it is for the rifles of swiss reservists to end up in black market ? 
  it doesnt really happen . 
  stop larping already, 
  youre far right if you dont want eu to fuck up your countrys gun policies ? 
  well thats new, 
   more than 40 cities , mostly in germany lmao, 
  itt denial the map isnt wrong , the sources are poor for many east european countries but other than that it gives a quite good picture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_financial_assets_per_capita, 
  yeah thats a possible scenario . 
  so what ? 
  not true . 
  its finnish, 
  nato wouldnt set itself up for a situation where theres a high likelyhood for massive escalation and direct conflict with russia over a piece of ukraine . 
  you are ignoring the fact that ukraine borders russia . 
  nato operations in east ukraine would also threaten crimea . 
  russia would react and openly deploy troops in east ukraine if nato went boots on the ground in ukraine and took part in operations in the east . 
   russia would never instigate that with western troops in the region . 
  neither would nato . 
  thats why nato wont send boots on the ground in ukraine to take back the east . 
  if they had the interest , the plan and the will to do so , itd have already happened . 
  both nato and russia wouldnt want to risk direct conflict over ukraine . 
  that would make russia openly deploy their troops in east ukraine to `` peacekeep '' the population from `` nato agression '' . 
  after that , it wouldnt be worth it for nato to escalate the situation anymore . 
  nato wont go to war with russia over east ukraine, 
  bad metaphor, 
   as a result of russian occupation of crimea yeah , crimea was `` occupied '' by the russian empire for like over 200 years . 
  for most of this time the crimean tatars did remain the largest ethnic group but from the start of 20th century , ethnic russians became the largest ethnic group . 
   so karelia is also rightful russian territory then ? 
  these days , yes pretty much . 
  constantinople is rightful turkish territory these days . 
  what was palestine is rightful israeli territory nowadays too . 
  ideology wont change the current reality . 
   clearly not in any large numbers , considering that 88 % of iraqis receive asylum . 
  the number here was like 50 % . 
  alot of the people who were rejected were from baghdad etc. 
  and many had very similiar stories on being persecuted by `` militias '' and shit . 
  the immigration office caught up on these bs stories and acted accordingly . 
  for afghans its even lower . 
   it 's genuinely hilarious that you think iraq ` needs an excuse ' to flee , also .
