  go fucking read the 1951 un convention on refugees . 
  you need a reason to have your asylum request accepted and thus receive the status of refugee . 
  `` theres a war going on in a part of my country '' isnt a valid reason . 
  you need to have concrete proof that you are under the risk of death , torture or other persecution in order to be granted asylum . 
  also why do you think most of the asylum seekers we got were iraqis . 
  why do you think they skipped sweden as soon as they heard that the finnish policies on iraqi , somalian and afghan asylum seekers are outdated and less strict than in sweden ? 
  we got the shit from the bottom of the barrel , thats why only half of the asylum seekers that came here were granted asylum . 
  the rest will have to be deported even though their countries dont want them back  94 % of syrians are granted asylum . 
  well no shit , syrians are legit refugees unlike some guys from baghdad or south iraq . 
  only 2 % of the refugees that came here were syrians btw  you 're literally making up numbers like ' a majority are n't refugees ' and ` at least half get their asylum request rejected ' . 
  this is n't an oversimplification , it 's objective fact . 
  you do realize that theres also a huge amount of asylum seekers that lie about their identity and claim to be syrians , hoping that the lies are believed and they get almost certain asylum ? 
  im only talking about finland , sure its possible that on the grand scheme of things the number of genuine refugees could be higher than here . 
  propably is . 
  but theres still a very significant amount of people coming in as economical refugees and making shit up about being in a risk of death . 
  youd do that too if you lived in a shit country like iraq and had enough money to pay human trafficers to take you to europe . 
  you really dont see the difference beetween finland and crimea ? 
  crimea is geopolitically very important to russia . 
  for ukraine , its not worth anything really . 
  thats why kiev didnt use to really give a shit about crimea or its population which led to them remaining overwhelmingly pro-russian , much more so than the population of donetsk or luhansk . 
  russia annexed crimea the moment yanukovich was ousted , because the new government/rulers likely wouldnt agree on russia having the naval base there . 
  this naval base is the home of the black sea fleet so its extremely important . 
  what do you think that for example the us would do if there was a anti-us coup going on in say , germany and it threatened nato airbases in the country . 
  any super finland on the other hand - not really that important . 
  if russia got into armed conflict/aggression against us it wouldnt be an annexation , that would cost too much . 
  it would be attrition warfare and setting up extremist groups to use as insurgent pawns to try and pressure finland into accomodating to whatever interests russia had . 
  after you downvote me , try to calm your butt , think with your brain and see the situation objectively . 
   three sam divisions tracked him for some time , but failed to obtain permission to launch at him . 
  all air defenses were brought to readiness and two interceptors were sent to investigate . 
   bet you 'd have a riot yeah what a great idea it would be to destabilize russia , right ? 
  do a reality check, 
  russians were already the majority in 1920 's, 
   trying to scapegoat it as ` nasty immigrants coming for my benefits ' is just dismissing the actual problem and is honestly kinda disgusting im not scapegoating it , learn to digest what you read . 
  yes i dont like people who come here and request asylum and try to pass off as legit refugees just because they think they found an easy way to move to europe . 
  im not saying theres no actual refugees in the migrant flow . 
  there is , alot of them and they deserve to be granted asylum . 
  but the others need to be thrown the fuck out with their bs stories , `` lost ids '' and lies about their age  like , people would want to leave their homes and families just so that they can get an iphone ? 
  yes they would . 
  if you lived in iraq or something youd likely consider going to europe aswell and making up a story about your life being in danger . 
  and then request family reunification if you get refugee status . 
  tell me , why didnt we get syrian refugees here in finland ? 
  we mostly got iraqis , afghans and somalis who actually travelled through sweden to get here ? 
  at least half of them get their asylum request rejected and deported . 
  do you know why ? 
  because they werent eligible for it , they were economical migrants fleeing the shitty conditions of their country and not actual war or persecution . 
  and they knew it was easier to get asylum here in finland than in sweden . 
   it does when ` being shitty ' = ` trying to kill you ' . 
  youre oversimplifying the situation . 
  there was many other reasons for it . 
  ahmadinejad was very incompetent , sanctions or not . 
  so youre just gon na fly an armed drone over moscow ? 
  good luck, 
  are you saying that all of the asylum seekers and illegal immigrants that come to europe are refugees ? 
  they are all fleeing war and repression ? 
  i think that the situation began when people who live in countries where their lives are very difficult realized that they can just pay some money to a trafficer and go to europe illegally and get away with it and be provided for if they just request asylum . 
  sure , theres alot of genuine refugees but id say the majority of the people who migrated to europe during this recent crisis were economical migrants , fake refugees who are fleeing the fact that their country is shit and doesnt work , not war . 
  your country being shitty doesnt make you eligible for asylum . 
   end the occupation of crimea . 
  crimea is pretty much rightful russian territory . 
  it has russian population that have been overwhelmingly pro-russian for ages now , not just recently . 
  and also it has an important naval base . 
  i think what russia is doing in donbass is stupid bullshit and they do it only to bleed ukraine . 
  but crimea belongs to russia . 
  btw sanctions wont make russians `` vote out '' putin . 
  thats pretty naive . 
  sanctions have literally never made people turn against a leader that knows how to play people . 
  as i said it would * discourage * the economical migrants . 
  if you put them in camps to wait for their application to be reviewed a ` la australia , fewer of them will want to embark on the journey . 
  the camps dont necessarily even have to be on an island . 
  hungary shows that even the idea of having to wait in a camp for months discourages alot of the migrants but still gives the genuine refugees a chance for asylum . 
   for instance , le pen at some point offered to throw all muslims out of france , be them foreigners or french citizens . 
  ok thats a fair point , i dislike that bullshit too  btw , france has a civil and human rights history that would n't allow any camp solution like in hungary . 
  how is it against human rights to keep illegal migrants in camps until they have their asylum applications reviewed and resolved ? 
  put independent observers in the camps to make sure the conditions are humane . 
  as i said , this will discourage the economical migrants posing as refugees which will greatly lessen the burden , thus making human trafficing less profitable/widespread and itll make the conditions better for the legit refugees aswell because people wont instantly assume they are all economical migrants . 
  i agree that the whole anti-muslim and racist sentiments are fucking stupid and distract people from the real issues . 
  theres actors such as politicians , ngos etc. 
  who have personal interest in keeping the flow of asylum seekers uncontrollable . 
  for example here in finland theres politicians , mps , who actually run companies ( or their fiance or relative or a friend runs the company ) that make money by accomodating asylum seekers . 
  but because there was such a `` hurry '' when the flow of asylum seekers was uncontrollable , no one cared if the contracts etc. 
  for these companies had shady shit on them . 
  thats how you get things like one asylum seeker costing 250 $ / day . 
  there was attorney companies that would offer `` legal counseling '' to the asylum seekers . 
  most of these counseling meetings never happened yet the people who ran the asylum center put their name on the paper so they would get money for the state to fund this legal counseling that never happened . 
  so my point is , corrupt politicians are the problem . 
  they want to uphold status quo so they can keep doing whatever shady shit they are doing , whether its pocketing money from the state or something else . 
  in south europe you also have the mafias running ngos that make an agreement with the human trafficers to pick up a load of migrants when they are about halfway across the mediterranean to make the trafficing faster . 
  theres no doubt that these criminals would bribe or pressure officials and politicians into supporting lenient policies on asylum seekers . 
  though mainly the reason the refugee crisis was handled in a very ineffective and slow manner was the blind ideological sentiments and the idea that european countries could just keep letting people illegally immigrate and get away with it by asking asylum . 
  all the shady shit i mentioned is just another detrimental side effect of this situation, 
  legal immigrants = / = illegal migrant `` refugees '' . 
  im pretty sure most of the asylum seekers didnt come to france via a plane . 
  you dont need a wall . 
  you just need to discourage people from illegally entering your country and seeking asylum just because they know if they ask for asylum , they get to stay even if not documented . 
  hungary has a pretty sensible police regarding this . 
  arrest them , put them in camps till they have their applications processed . 
  this will discourage the economical migrants/fake refugees while still allowing the legit refugees to get asylum from your country . 
   obviously . 
  because the opposition does n't have planes . 
  so they ca n't throw barrel bombs at you .
