  one from the president , second one from the whoever is the top boss handling the nuclear weapons command . 
  this a safeguard against the president going nuts . 
  that gives the image that the president can just order nuclear weapons to be used out of the blue . 
  the president alone can not order this . 
  the president is homewer required to authorize such an action and realistically the request to authorize it would come from the nuclear weapons command , not the other way around . 
  i really doubt that the nuclear weapons command would under `` normal '' , below defcon 2 circumstances follow the order from a president to initiate a non-provoked nuclear strike . 
  sure . 
  the army should not take any official stance on political matters ( apart from matters of defence policy and such ) and this should be strictly enforced . 
  but i dont think that ww2 memorabilia displayed at an army base is a sign of right wing extremism . 
  its just pictures of wehrmacht soldiers , helmets and decorations . 
  its healthy appreciation for the military history of the country . 
  now , it would of course be different if they had ss caps and nazi flags hanging around on the walls, 
   according to them macron has been buying meth for bitcoins and also buying hallucinogenic salt baths . 
  i dont like either macron or le pen but if thats true id vote for macron even though i dislike him more than le pen . 
  this is good for bitcoin, 
   not doing this would be allowing the anonymous people behind the leak to successfully interfere with french 's democratic process . 
  man theres alot of shit with anonymous or no sources whatsoever being thrown around during this election yet this is the only case so far where the media was warned to not publish ? 
  and also far-left extremists . 
  far right and far left extremism feed eachother in a cycle of constant conflict and escalation . 
  id bet the main reason you see it like that is due to your own political views . 
  stating that all armies `` tend to be filled with far right morons '' is quite a statement so i expect you to have something objective to back it up with . 
  im open to think about this if you give something to back up your claim . 
  do something constructive instead of making wild claims and downvoting replies you disagree with, 
  100 % agree with the last paragraph . 
  this especially applies to a country like germany where most of the people arent really into serving in the military ( the reason being is that patriotism/nationalism is sort of weird for most germans ) so youre right about scraping the bottom of the barrel for recruits . 
  i guess this is one of the bad things that happens when alienate people from patriotism . 
   germany is n't really that patriotic , except for the army and football matches . 
   the army is known to be a safehaven for ( far ) right wing people . 
  patriotic or nationalistic doesnt equal far right or any sort of extremism . 
  thats like saying all muslims are salafi jihadists . 
  all jihadists might be muslim but that doesnt make it right to generalize . 
  the same applies to patriotism or nationalism . 
  all right wing extremists might be nationalist but that doesnt make it right to say that nationalism equals extremism . 
  its logical that people who serve in the military are patriotic because literally their duty is to defend the sovereignty and the legitimate establishment of their country . 
   they were promoting it . 
  tbh that tweet is very neutral in that regard . 
  i wouldnt say they promoted this conspiracy theory . 
   has the power to order the use of nuclear weapons its a bit more complicated than that . 
  my point was that all these `` lets ban free soda refills '' - things are superficial , just for show . 
  if you want to combat obesity in this way , you should just ban fast food alltogether or ban advertising of fast food . 
  im not saying banning free soda refills is bad , it just doesnt have any effect on obesity from a public health perspective so its stupid . 
  education is still the best way to combat obesity . 
  we need someone like carl sagan for nutrition stuff to make the information interesting and easy to grasp for most people . 
  forget all the cliche oversimplifications like `` eat vegetables and you dont get fat '' - stuff . 
  you need to educate people on the things that this is based on . 
  you need to teach educate people about calories in , calories out . 
  publicly combat/debunk all the fad diets , weight loss pills , magic fat burning 5min exercise routines and whatever quackery and promote ways to make a sustainable change in dietary habits based on easy-to-grasp information on nutrition . 
  make a free version of myfitnesspal or something for people to use and promote it . 
  most people are not stupid as fuck , they will grasp information if you make it interesting and present it in a practical way . 
  e : yeah but go on and downvote me since i dont think that superficial actions will fix the obesity problem . 
   government is fighting obesity as well , for example by banning free soda refills in fast food restaurant thats stupid . 
  people get fat because of their routine eating habits . 
  not because of free soda refills . 
  if someone goes to a fast food restaurant routinely , the problem isnt free soda . 
   also , i have a former-finnish-citizen friend who was , how to say , taken by the swedish government in the early 70s as a child many finns had that happen, 
  we have to protect finnish minorities in sweden against the fascist junta, 
  yes, 
  crap like anti-vaccination mentality is not by any means specific to people supporting populist movements . 
  one tweet that trump sent = / = all ( real and alleged ) populist movements . 
  people across the political spectrum have been affected by all kinds of quackery , disinformation and pseudoscience . 
  unfortunately , once a person starts to believe in something like this , its really hard , even impossible to convince them otherwise . 
  which is why imo anti-vaccination disinformation propaganda and all sorts of quackery should be made illegal . 
  criticism is okay but mass propagation of lies that lead to public health issues is not . 
   modern day nationalists dislike these ngos ( like nato and the un ) and are threatening to bring back the same foreign policy that people had in the early 20th century which was heavily based in the same idea of nationalism and lead to ww1 and 2 . 
  theres good reasons to criticize un and the nato . 
  btw `` pax americana '' refers to the peace in the americas and in west europe . 
  its not the `` state of the world '' . 
   have people not seen the damage brexit and trump have done to their respective countries ? 
  the damage was already there . 
  thats the reason brexit and trump happened . 
  yeah not every european country is ridiculously anti-israeli . 
  the difference beetween sweden and finland in that aspect is actually quite impressive, 
  these guys are self-admitted nazis . 
   especially the riot police that has a history of violence . 
  no shit . 
  you need violence to disperse violent riots . 
  what , do you think the police should fucking bow and submit to these violent extremists ? 
  if you go throw rocks and molotovs at police and beat them with sticks , dont bitch when you get beaten with batons or shot with projectiles . 
  its democracy . 
  the fact you dont agree with how someone votes doesnt make them any less of a human . 
  whatever . 
  this discussion is fruitless, 
  i just commented several times where i explained how collective punishment on a whole ethnic group is not okay and when it involves ethnic cleansing , its regarded as genocide . 
   and they betrayed their country . 
  as such they had to leave . 
   citizenship means something a collective punishment on an ethnic group and thus ethnic cleansing . 
  period . 
  very similiar to srebrenica  they were n't asked to move but were starved and shot ? 
  doesnt matter . 
   since when were the serbian bosnian the official authority ? 
  they proclaimed themselves as the official authority  did finland genocide the soviets when they had to leave the country ? 
   citizens of another country were no longer welcome in poland . 
  as i said alot of them had lived in poland prior to ww2, 
  i guess you could say the bosniaks who were murdered were citizens of yugoslavia and `` committed high treason by being supportive towards separatist militias ''  did the jews collaborate with anyone you know the nazis genocided other people than just jews right ? 
   do you understand the concept of citizenship and duty to one 's country ? 
  yes but i dont think wholesale ethnic cleansing is okay, 
  by that logic you could accuse all the civilians of the areas you just occupied with `` high treason '' because they supported the government of the hostile country and genocide them . 
  by this logic , srebrenica was not a crime nor a genocide . 
  the civilians supported bosniak militias so it was okay to kill them for high treason ? 
  honest question .
