  they can still shell the govt held areas indiscriminately . 
  and use suicide bombers . 
  and maybe abduct you and kill you . 
  dont forget when nusra `` rebels '' sent a small girl to a police station in damascus and remotely detonated the explosive vest they forced her to wear . 
  you know aleppo but do you know foua and kafraya ? 
  do you remember when there was a exchange of evacuatees from aleppo and foua/kafraya and the jihadist gangs burned the evacuation buses that were heading to pick up evacuatees from foua and kafraya and executed some of the drivers ? 
  if you think `` barrel bombs '' are the reason for the refugee problem youre incredibly naive . 
   you follow the cease-fire which was meant to allow civilians to leave and to provide aid to the besieged parts of aleppo . 
  uhh , which one of the ceasefires ? 
  if i remember correctly , like all of them were violated by the islamist militants in the east aleppo pocket . 
  the jihadists in the pocket fought a losing battle while holding the civilian population hostage , yet in the very end most of them agreed to lay down their arms and be transported to idlib . 
  there was no point in any of that , they just wanted to bring down as much destruction as possible . 
  fuck them all now they are all in idlib fighting each other and fucking over the locals because they all want to establish their gang turf as their own little caliphate . 
  they only differ from isis in that isis has the biggest caliphate of all the jihadist groups in syria . 
  this is why people are getting out of syria , its anarchy . 
   `` very few of the people surveyed have racist tendencies and their relationship to migrants is more natural ; skin colour is not so relevant , '' myllyniemi says . 
   despite this , however , fewer of the young people responding would like greater numbers of foreigners to enter finland . 
  woah what a suprise , people can actually be ok with foreigners and oppose unsustainable/loose immigration policies ? 
  visa free isnt a huge thing imo . 
  wow you sounds really disrturbed that theres certain minority languages on the map , why ? 
   assad is a main driver of the refugee situation . 
  nope . 
  its the overall misery that the war creates that drives people to leave syria . 
  if i was a syrian id sure as fuck rather live in government controlled territory than in a territory controlled by rebel/jihadist groups that like to have a small armed conflict beetween eachother every couple of weeks and extort local people . 
   when he is trying to retake a city he bombs it into a pile of rubble . 
  okay mr. armchair general , tell me how do you take a city without destruction and suffering of civilians . 
  that tends to happen in war , it happens in mosul the same as it happened in aleppo and any urban area thats a frontline in a war . 
  its not nice but it has to happen unless one of the parties withdraw from the area . 
   we missed the chance to prevent this war , and now ... 
  the refugee crisis isnt only about syria . 
  its a wider phenomenom . 
  the lenient approach of european countries towards illegal migration led to the current situation because people realized they can just waltz into europe and be provided for . 
  also i dont think syrian civil war could have been prevented , do you think theres some omnipotent forces that could deploy in syria to pacify it just like that ? 
  2015 yes but that statistic vladgrinch posted is apparently an average from 1985-2015 e : disregard that , its not . 
  finland is on that list as the 26th, 
  pretty sure finland should be on there http://www.stat.fi/til/ksyyt/2010/ksyyt_2010_2011-12-16_kat_006_fi_001.gif, 
   it is orders of magnitude worse did trump or brexit kill people ? 
   and is coming to a point where it threatens global security and balance of powers , not to mention the economy . 
  your imaginary shift in balance of powers is not comparable to actual events in which innocent people have died, 
   there is absolutely 0 need to elect anti-democratic bollocks spouters to deal with issues that can be dealt with by enforcing laws properly and co-operating on border security and processing of refugees . 
  yeah because this refugee crisis was handled so well by the current governments , right ? 
  meat l\u00f6rtsy ? 
  prison sentence with more harsh conditions and hard labor ( no actual torture though ) . 
  it was removed in 1975, 
  they wont be freely availeble . 
  only after a process in which the patients condition and such are evaluated . 
   who would decided , that she really wanted to die ? 
  living will, 
  if you argue that women should get discounts on x thing because of the `` wage gap '' , then you should apply that to everyone ( i.e poor people getting discounts ) instead of making it a gender thing ( all women getting discounts because women make on average slightly less money than men do due to several factors ) . 
  i dont personally give a shit if a woman gets 50 % off on a gym admission or something . 
  it doesnt disturb me . 
  your logic makes my head hurt though . 
  you are pushing for inequality while masking it as empowering women . 
   do you get mad at kids , when they get stuff for free , just because they are kids ? 
  or old people just because they are old ? 
  or disabled people ? 
  or students because they are poor ? 
  and no , even though im poor i dont take it out on other people . 
  can you say the same ? 
  the sanctions harmed our economy allthough im not saying they werent deserved . 
  weak russia isnt a good thing for us . 
  also there was no intention to annex ukraine all the way to odessa , the point is to have a war of attrition to bleed ukraine, 
   you are aware that the average man earns more than the averag woman ? 
  maybe lower prices for female customers are necessary because they could n't pay more ? 
  holy fuck you need to go and read why and what the the `` wage gap '' is . 
  i have low income , where the fuck are my discounts ? 
  im not a woman but im broke so give me my disciounts, 
  how would eu give us any military leverage against russia ? 
  if there was a conflict , eu wouldnt do shit . 
  we have a competent military , its you central/west european countries that need to get your shit together ( especially germany ) before even talking about any military potential/leverage of the eu, 
  uhh , can you elaborate ? 
   russians simply do n't identify as europeans . 
  they see themselves as russians first . 
  most europeans dont identify as europeans first either , they tend to identify as their national identity first . 
  never change balkan, 
  well i see some pretty valid arguments backed up with facts that would indicate the swedish government is going full damage control mode about this subject . 
  sure the situation in sweden is not apocalyptical but theres huge potential for more widespread instability, 
   the nazis have spread the fear that the western society is full of violent , dangerous human beings who hate muslims . 
  that helped isis . 
   they proportionally fuel each others radicalisation . 
  thats insignificant compared to the major reasons behind the formation of isis and the more recent terror campaign of isis in europe . 
  but yeah i agree that national socialism and islamism get along pretty well in a way, 
   who is causing these riots ? 
  well theres gangs who just really hate the authorities . 
  they attack the police , they attack firefighters , they attack the fucking paramedics . 
  and when their guy gets arrested/theres a search and seizure etc. 
  they go ape shit and murderous these `` rioters '' are nothing more than pieces of shit , they dont have any reason to protest except that they are pissed because their drug dealer friend got busted or some shit . 
  i hope next time the police gets in a tight spot like this they fire directly at the rioting mob . 
  might as well not postpone it anymore , its gon na happen, 
  economic and political alliance yes not federation with centralized governance , never . 
   so only 1/5 in the queue would be smoking on average . 
  i mean the outside of the club is always crowded with smoking people . 
  also even people that generally dont smoke might smoke when they are drinking, 
  err the police had to fire warning shots because they were about to be lynched, 
  the fuck , every police officer in the field carries a sidearm, 
  huh ? 
  finnish police officers do carry guns, 
   you ca n't tax sugar or fat , since these are things our bodies genuinely need , in the proper amount . 
  well theoretically you could fine obese people if they refuse to go on a calorie deficit diet or clearly dont adhere to the calorie deficit in their diet, 
  while i agree with your points , you should bear in mind that in many countries the revenue from tobacco taxation covers the tobacco related healthcare costs many times over .
