  a fucking ton of iraqis became refugees and seeked asylum from other countries . 
  it wasnt directly because of us though , it was because of sectarian conflict/civil war and the country becoming a totally ruined shithole  just google barrel bomb , christ you are lazy what the fuck ? 
  i know what a barrel bomb is . 
  its essentially a improvised dumb bomb dropped from helicopters usually . 
  an air strike is an air strike , barrel bombs or not . 
  i do agree that dropping barrel bombs from very high altitude from transport helicopters is a poor tactic . 
  im just saying that you cant reduce the whole refugee thing down to `` assads barrel bombs '' . 
  its a civil war so theres much more to it than that, 
  i tell the americans its beetween sweden and siberia, 
  which tractor you recommend ? 
  ive read it . 
  its bullshit . 
   world rearmament money is 1500\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 euros per year . 
  that would be enough to resolve our environmental problems that are by far greater threat to us than russia . 
  how would money just magically solve our enviromental issues ? 
  would that money be used to mass exterminate billions of people or what ? 
   the reason the refugees kept fleeing is because there was no where safe to go in syria because assad kept barrel bombing his own people again , thats not the whole picture . 
  only a part of it . 
  its war , you think people are like `` oh well , never mind the famine , total lawlessness , destroyed infrastructure , the chance of my town becoming a front line , its just these damn barrel bombs that make me want to leave ! '' ? 
   barrel bombing is not an air strike what is it then if not an air strike ? 
   why would you even bring up not all of them are syrian if we are specifically talking about syrians ? 
  because theres been alot of people only talking/mentioning about syrian refugees and implying that the refugee crisis is all about syria . 
  they actually even had ngo activists guide them and opened a new railway ride from south to lulaja fucking swedes, 
  how is that ? 
  how would a no-fly zone have helped ? 
  its not like airstrikes are the primary reason why there is displaced syrians . 
  the main reason is simply the war . 
  airstrikes and such are a part of it . 
  no-fly zone would be simply to further geopolitical goals , not for humanitarian purposes also , not all of the asylum seekers/refugees are syrians . 
  haha do you think that an anti-racist pride march through this particular area would have a different result than a pride march organized by far right ? 
  do you think the homophobia of certain communities will suddenly disappear if you wave a sign that reads `` stop racism '' ? 
  you seem to have rather strong prejudices . 
  the point of pride marches is to make a point . 
  i dont see anything wrong with far right organizing a gay pride parade . 
  how so ? 
  how will a person who voted leftists suddenly end up in a unequal position compared to people who voted nationalists ? 
  yeah but knowing the implications of having russian naval bases on your soil , turkey would never accept it, 
  you really think turkey would host russian naval bases ? 
   but 28 little armies wo n't do anything about it . 
  in our case a capable military is a good deterrent i dont believe a united eu military could work even though it would be nice . 
  exactly because militarization has no support in countries like germany, 
  youre everything that is wrong with so many west european countries, 
  welcome to realpolitics, 
  the finns party isnt exactly right wing when it comes to economics, 
  this is the munincipal elections , are you blind ? 
  munincipal elections are all about populism and pork barrel politics . 
  for every party, 
   that 's kinda crazy as the swedish language is such a small thing compared to economic policy . 
  it is . 
  especially when you consider that 70 % of finnish people want to abolish its mandatory status in education swedish peoples party are smug douchebags with a colonialist attitude . 
   building nuclear is n't green at all , its not sustainable in the long term and it produces extremely poisonous waste that 's hard to get rid of and that stays poisonous virtually forever ? 
  we are currently making a storage tunnel like 400 meters into solid granite bedrock to store nuclear waste in . 
  also you overestimate the amount of waste nuclear energy actually produces . 
  its a very small amount . 
  investing in wind or solar energy is not practical here, 
   some people might be worried about the increasing immigration - close the borders . 
  this is quite a hyperbole . 
  for example when the refugee crisis blew up here people simply demanded that we shouldnt take asylum seekers from sweden . 
  not to literally `` close all the borders '' and stop immigration, 
   you do n't need to love anybody to tolerate a building or place of congregation . 
  that 's usually covered by constitutional religious freedoms . 
  we dont need to tolerate a `` megamosque '' funded through bahraini/saudi organizations or people with connections to muslim brotherhood etc. 
  cancerous organizations, 
   i see you are bitter huh ? 
  i was just explaining why the munincipals elections are such bullshit no matter what party you prefer . 
  its just pork barrel politics to fool people into thinking that the said canditates are going to do anything for their munincipality . 
  soini ruined the party and he doesnt give a shit . 
  youre a bit `` simple '' if you think that the finns party has the only populist canditates . 
  other parties have them just as much , especially when it comes to munincipal/local elections . 
  the canditates promise everything to the locals to maybe get their votes but guess what , munincipal politicians cant do shit . 
  they can only bolster the influence of their party , municipal elections based on canditates is all a fucking scam yet so many people think they are actually making a difference, 
   if their drivers license were expired . 
  drivers license isnt the only id you can get . 
  most people have an actual id card . 
   why would you think people would be okay with it ? 
  showing your id take 5 seconds and is not a matter of privacy , people wouldnt be bothered by it . 
  why do you think they would be ? 
  its not hard to carry your id on you . 
   fyi , the police has no authority to request your identification unless you are suspect or a witness of a crime . 
  id check doesnt constitute as a search in most places . 
   most people would n't want to live like that . 
  most people wouldnt give a shit . 
  it doesnt matter if you have to show your id to police . 
  it doesnt breach your privacy or something . 
   i do n't really think your opinion matters much . 
  they dont . 
  neither do yours . 
   they are n't really capable of understanding , comprehending it . 
  too civilized , too humanistic , too european . 
  lul okay mr. seen it all just because i dont instantly swallow baseless allegations and conspiracy theories about putin staging terrorism doesnt mean i dont think it can happen . 
  yes , its possible but i dont think that is the case with this attack . 
  theres other , far better ways to ruin a protest than stage a terrorist attack, 
  go on , show me proof that putin orchestrated terrorist attacks , im open to think about it . 
  otherwise youre just presenting a baseless conspiracy theory, 
   manufactured by putin honestly putin wouldnt gain anything from this . 
  lol . 
  im pretty sure terrorists know how to use pgp and stuff . 
  i hate people who walk around on the streets playing with their phones totally oblivious to whats going on around them . 
  it actually triggers me . 
   huge spike in hate crimes against foreign people do you have a statement/report from the police to back this claim ?
