  are you even able to discuss things like a rational person ? 
   fascist international led by putin -  r/conspiracy, 
   well if they 're not polish ? 
  and ? 
  its not like all those germans arrived during the nazi occupation  civilians supported the nazis . 
  ftfy  so ? 
  still doesnt make it okay to kill them . 
  either morally or legally . 
  they should use more of the good ol rubber bullets . 
  disperses violent riots effectively . 
  ethnic cleansing is genocide . 
  they killed and deported innocent german civilians . 
  okay , 25 % were involved in oppression against poles . 
  this makes it okay to kill or deport the other 75 % ? 
  how did the german civilians `` kill poles without going to war ? '' . 
  yeah they maybe supported the war effort . 
  this happens in a war . 
  civilians support war efforts . 
  it doesnt make it okay to kill civilians or do genocide . 
  they did not teach how to fap at 8th grade . 
  yeah there was stuff about masturbation but they dont literally teach you how to fap . 
   just take the recent gun directive as an example . 
  the eu wants a new gun directive . 
  the czech republic does n't want a new gun directive , specially since we simply do n't have a gun violence problem despite our liberal gun laws . 
  we talk it through a lot with the eu and the `` compromise '' is that we get a new gun directive . 
  and it 's legally binding , so if we do n't implement it , we are gon na get fined . 
  this a billion times . 
  not to mention that when finnish officials asked eu comission about the possible gun directive being prepared in september/october 2015 , the comission straight up lied and said that it doesnt exist . 
  but then suddenly after bataclan attack they published it . 
  the situation with the gun directive over here is very similiar to how it is over there in czechia . 
  the eu simply doesnt acknowledge our culture and interests regarding this ( a big thing about this is if you undermine reservist shooting with a crappy gun directive , its undermining our national defence ) and wants to impose this bullshit on us . 
  this is what killed my hope in eu . 
  still doesnt make it not genocide , no matter how hard you try to justify it . 
   the german minority participated heavily in the oppression of poles , in massacring poles etc. 
  it is only normal they were no longer welcome in poland after the war . 
  the bosnian civilians participated in sheltering bosniak combatants , does that make srebrenica okay ? 
  it was just the usual zelyonka . 
  unfortunately it can cause eye damage . 
  they dont teach fapping . 
  yes i live in a town next to jeppis . 
  everyone here hates the fucking jeppisl\u00e4iset, 
  see on pisut v\u00e4ike kyrb, 
  what a blatant , disgusting attempt to cater anti-amernian propaganda to western audiences ( who might be ignorant of the situation beetween armenia and azerbaijan ) . 
  looks like someone at washington times got paid by azeris  `` much like north korea , military posturing is all armenia has left . '', 
   `` armenia may be taking the region to the brink of nuclear war . '', 
  literally fake news  `` the most important infrastructure '' in azerbaijan that could be targeted by the missiles includes companies owned and operated by western entities , including american ones , that ensure europe 's energy security . 
  maybe dont rely your energy interests on a unstable , agressive country that is involved in a war with its neighbor . 
   lloyd green is a former staff secretary to the george h.w. 
  bush campaign 's middle east policy group so , a professional liar ? 
  e : also op youre azeri why are you using latvian flag flair ? 
  this guy ( u/trolleybusisreal ) is bigoted as fuck . 
  honestly i think he sees east europeans as some sort of subhumans that need to be subjugated by west european countries to `` civilize '' them . 
  and if that doesnt work - ostracize and isolate them . 
   the culture in many eastern european countries is still very backwards and not up to western european levels  clearly poland refuses to integrate while taking western money is eu some sort of a program to assimilate and subjugate smaller countries to the will of bigger , richer countries or what ? 
  you sound extremely prejudiced and arrogant towards east europeans . 
  no different from literal neo-nazis proclaiming their `` ethnic supremacy '', 
   are currently wasting their time trying to remove swedish from this country . 
  they arent trying to `` remove swedish '' . 
  literally all they just did was they came to an agreement to let 2200 students choose another mandatory foreign language in the place of swedish . 
  its a fucking trial to see how well they do when they are given the chance to make their own choice so i dont understand why you oppose this . 
  do you not want the best for finnish students ? 
  this wont stop the government from doing other things . 
  do you think governments only concentrate on one thing at a time ? 
  mandatory swedish wont be an eternal thing and sooner or later people will be given a wider variety of choices . 
  most finns will never need swedish . 
  its only logical to let people choose , and its also the will of the majority ( 70-75 % ) of finns i agree that this government is shit though . 
  idiotic . 
  sanctions need to be based on concrete violations of international agreements or laws , not subjective opinion of some eurofederalist clique these people are wrecking eu from inside out . 
   its not like gangs are actually an integration issue , really , it 's more related to socio-economic circumstance integration issues lead to socioeconomical issues for the said group of people . 
  areas such as roseng\u00e5rd have a high concentration of people from ethnic groups that have been shown to have problems with integration , you do the math . 
   and crime has decreased since the 80s this doesnt mean that there isnt a problem . 
  also gangs tend to cause more visible crime . 
  the fact that many of these gangs are ethnic/composed of immigrant youths of the same ethnic group also add a new set of problems like ethnic conflict . 
  this also contributes to their resentment of the swedish society . 
  this is going to be trump 2.0 . 
  these people have learned nothing, 
  i hate this sort of damage control articles . 
  yeah malm\u00f6 is not a fucking isis wilayah but theres obviously a huge problem with failed integration and gangs . 
  theres a lot of immigrant youths who fucking hate the swedish authorities and swedish society and they feel like malm\u00f6 is `` theirs '' which leads to gang crime ( shootings and grenade attacks and whatnot ) and riots every time the cops finally come and arrest their favorite local drug dealer mate or something . 
  eventually this development might very well lead to widespread ethnic conflict in sweden . 
  sure le pen is pushing for some of those things but i think this is a bit colored . 
  fascism is like a syndrome . 
  you can have many of these symptoms ( im not saying these `` symptoms '' are necessarily a bad thing , this is a metaphor ) but that doesnt mean you are a fascist , even if you have several of them . 
  but when you add authoritarism , it becomes something you can very well call fascism . 
  authoritarism is the single most important defining charasteristic of fascism . 
  i dont know how authoritarian le pen is so im not taking a stance on that . 
  just my 2 cents on these fascism accusations . 
  what is 5 meters long that smells like stale vodka and smokes like a chimney ? 
  communist party may day parade, 
  people moved around in soviet union . 
  it was in the past , now is now . 
  sure , the ignorant russians can fuck off but most russians in estonia are okay . 
  a part of russians in estonia are like that yes . 
  youre generalizing because you dont really know much about this subject . 
  are you saying that the russians who live in estonia are guilty of the shit the soviets did ? 
  do you believe in collective , inherited guilt ? 
   why do n't the russians just go back to where they came from . 
  they are descendants of soviet settlers . 
  thats like asking `` why do n't the black people in the us just go back to where they came from . 
  they are descendants of african slaves '',
