  nah , the packages still go through the customs . 
  of course , not all european countries customs are as effective/bold as finnish customs ( they dont give a fuck , they just take your stuff even if its not illegal and its `` destroyed in investigation '' . 
  for example mobile phone diy repair kits go missing sometimes ) . 
  but theres still a change the package with `` machine parts '' gets opened and they find your ak bolt assembly etc in there . 
  things changed alot since 2013 lastly , alot of gun listings on tor marketplaces are scams ( even if they operate on escrow and stuff ) . 
  and i really mean alot of them . 
  id expect there to be more vendors that would rather sell critical ( and illegal to obtain without permit ) parts like bolt assembly and barrel with chamber . 
  if you mean from some tor marketplace , i wouldnt count on it . 
  just as well one of the gun part packages might get intercepted by your customs and youll be in deep shit . 
  unless of course the vendor is domestic, 
   nowadays they fill explosives with stuff like tens of thousands of tiny ball bearings because it makes a more dense shrapnel field , mixed with a casing meant to fragment totally and evenly you basically get a nice path of death you want to be nowhere near in all directions . 
  nowadays the most economical alternative is frag coil . 
  telling someone to kill themselves is not nice , maybe go outside and put your feet on the ground and chill, 
  you can even sort of tell where its going, 
   2 ) it 's not staged . 
  that is a real artillery round explosion . 
  nobody would risk their lives for a photo . 
  its definitely staged and that is not an artillery round . 
  its propably like a trotyl filler removed from a small , dispensable munition ( s ) , for example vog . 
  then put in a small pit and some dust , debris and gravel on top of it . 
  i dont even care if its staged , its just propaganda , its normal in war . 
  but you personally please stop fucking lying about it and spreading disinformation . 
  ill add im not saying these guys would leave their comrade behind or some shit . 
  but dont call this an accurate representation of the reality on there . 
  the usual blah blah . 
  yes , this shit is horrible , civilians die . 
  homewer i dont think ruaf has willingly targeted civilians . 
  even though syaf definitely has . 
  even idf , which took extensive measures to prevent civilian casualties in gaza caused hundreds of civilian casualties during the 2014 operation . 
  shit happens . 
  this article is biased and trying to demonize russia as `` worse than isis '' . 
  not to mention that snhr reports are unreliable , buzzword ridden and biased . 
  see for example [ this ] ( http://sn4hr.org/blog/2016/08/21/25931/ ), 
  not to mention around 70-74 % of finns oppose mandatory swedish . 
  yep . 
  imo the most likely scenario in which finland comes under direct military agression from russia would be related to a escalated regional conflict in which nato obviously would be drawn to and committed . 
  if all else fails and if necessary , russia could adopt a limited , attrition warfare strategy towards finland to pressure and keep us in the `` neutral '' zone while at all times , maintaining capability to launch massive offensive response at a short notice ( for example , if finland agreed to let nato troops or supplies through its territory ) . 
  military agression wont always mean a balls deep annexation , attrition can be used just as well to bring a country in your sphere . 
  and sometimes the attrition strategy has much much better cost-results ratio even . 
  your point is ? 
  our military cant stop russian invasion . 
  its a deterrent , something that all countries need to have, 
  kurds have their own barbarisms too . 
  i think you have too romaticized `` noble savage '' picture of kurds and too demonized one of turks . 
  and just to get this straight i think kurds are allright people . 
  ingushetia has been relatively nice actually . 
  thats why the increase in salafist currents is worrying but doesnt mean its gon na lead to something like chechen wars . 
  a knife is a bad idea for self-defence , just get a baton . 
  and learn to deliver solid whacks with it . 
  the spell went something like * erdowie erdowo erdogan . . * if i remember right atleast thats the one to summor turkis ambassador, 
  i thought it was well known that gulen is a fsb/cia double agent ^ / s, 
  i doubt russians in germany naturally gravitate towards eating shit and conspiracies or something . 
  you need to take the culture of the migrants into account . 
  i dont care what the fuck you think about western culture but if you close your eyes to cultural differences and traits when dealing with large numbers of migrants youre honestly a fucking idiot, 
   they want to create and establish fear so they get votes and by that legitimacy for their disgusting nationalist and racist policies . 
  maybe you should think through that again . 
  why do you think these movements exist ? 
  collective traits do exist when talking about cultures and stuff so you cant ignore it, 
   i believe most countries do do this if it made a difference , why are arabs and somalis so bad at integrating into european countries ? 
  batka is like kekkonen pretty much, 
   god knows the ordinary people in russia are as averse to a war with nato as we are with them , but i dunno ... \u00a8 do you really think russians would love to go to war with nato or what ? 
  how the fuck is a referendum biased ? 
  remorse in judicial context when it comes to violent crimes usually means the perpetrator assisted the victim afterwards by for example calling an ambulance . 
  they obviously tried to inflict severe injuries though . 
   it could be that the victim knew them personally and asked for a mild sentence , who knows true . 
  seems like they were gypsies so they propably dont want to get police involved in their strifes . 
  probation doesnt reform a rapist . 
  thats a idiotic thought, 
  you were wrong . 
  ok , can you explain it then or did you just come here to call people neonazis ? 
  i think you just live in some country where nationalism is considered abnormal and thus think it applies to the entire world, 
  also how do you feel about cases like this http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2016070421841908_uu.shtml 2 women ( mother and a daughter ) beat a pregnant woman in the head with fists and a rolling pin for nearly 10 minutes . 
  the older woman also used a metallic object in the assault . 
  the victim didnt thankfully get life threatening injuries . 
  the perpetrators were sentenced to 4 and 3 months probation . 
  do you think this was a just punishment and the victim feels like the justice system defended her right to not be physically harmed ? 
   repeat offenders are obviously not sane . 
  you dont need to be insane to be a scumbag . 
   they need mental treatment , not prison , and to my knowledge , that 's usually how it goes as well . 
  i havent seen that happening tbh . 
  of course it would be nice if such people were locked up in psych ward for an average of 8-9 years . 
  i agree that most people can be rehabilitated . 
  but you dont rehabilitate ppl by giving say , violent repeat offenders probations and fines over and over again . 
  so in that sense such crimes need harsher penalties here . 
  whats a conviction/penalty then ? 
  not revenge ? 
  when punishing people for breaking the law , `` justice '' essentially means just the right amount of revenge , applied by the state and not the people . 
  also you dont seem to have gotten the point of my comment . 
  a just punishment needs to be applied by the judicial system . 
  if the punishments for crimes like this are too lenient , ( id say 6 months for assault and aggravated assault + rape is too lenient , considering the person had several past convictions of violent crime ) it gnaws away the trust in judicial system . 
  which strenghtens the idea that its justified to take the law in your own hands . 
  also additionally , if the convict spends say a couple years in jail , people will have calmed down more and the social circles are different by then which further decreases likelyhood of any revenge schemes, 
  it was one of the many reasons . 
  there was other ideologies involved aswell . 
  implying that nationalism automatically leads to a world war is nonsensical . 
  i could as well say if you support workers rights , you enable x terrible thing because bolseviks did terrible things and started wars 100 years ago and their ideology was driven by workers who wanted to be treated as humans . 
  patriotism = youre committed to your state nationalism = youre committed to your people/nation i dont think either of those is worse than the other . 
  but what i dont know is why i have to explain this difference to you , do you have education in ireland ? 
  what a fucking cliche argument . 
  to simplify the cause of 2 world wars to be nationalism .
