  it is a burden on the healthcare system as a whole though and causes alot of headache and annoyance for doctors when they have patients that dont comply with the advice to stop smoking even though they have conditions which could quite likely result in serious complications or be severely exacerbated ( requiring hospitalization , usually prolonged , compared to non-smokers . ), 
  by the smoking . 
   not much you can do when standing in a line behind someone who is smoking . 
  i smoke in public but only dickheads do shit like this ( smoking in a group of people or when waiting in a line ) . 
  if i smoke in public i dont take a puff if theres like a woman and kids passing by and if im in a group of people like at a bus stop or something i move a couple meters away downwind . 
  allthough club/bar queus are a different thing because everyone is smoking there at the entrance, 
  nicotine itself isnt that addictive . 
  tobacco has potent short acting maois in it that potentiate the addictiveness of nicotine alot . 
  theres a bunch of studies on this but for some reason it seems to go ignored in public tobacco control debate etc, 
   a smoker in a bus stop is no longer a common problem . 
  i do that . 
  allthough i avoid getting the smoke on other people, 
   russia will lose crimea eventually . 
  matter of time . 
  crimea is a important strategic region . 
  very essential naval bases and shit , why do you think they annexed it ? 
  overwhelming majority are pro-russian and ethnic russians too . 
  its a whole different sitution than the current war of attrition thats going on in the separatist areas of east ukraine . 
  donbass is not even 1/10 of the value of crimea , geopolitically speaking . 
  crimea is pretty much russian territory ( de facto ) and in several aspects its best that it remains as a part of russian territory . 
  im not even pro-russian when it comes to this conflict but objectively looking this is quite clear . 
   look at what almost complete deregulation made possible in the us : an overtake of a democratic system because various movements were free to grow over decades . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
   invasion fears fuck off eurochickens . 
  we just dont want green men around military sites in case of conflict, 
  well the mechanism of action is quite well understood but theres no consensus whether depression itself is due to neurochemical imbalance etc. 
  or something else or a combination of several factors . 
  imo ssris/snris are overprescribed even though they are beneficial in many cases ( allthough as i said the patient might have to try several different ones ), 
  ssris/snris dont flood the brain with artificial serotonin . 
  neither do maoi antidepressants . 
  they just increase the level of your natural neurotransmitters in the synaptic cleft . 
   there is absolutely no explanation as to how any anti depressant actually works , if at all . 
  the increased levels of serotonin ( and dopamine/noradrenaline with snris ) in the synaptic cleft causes a mood lift as well as gives the patient more energy to get shit done . 
  for alot of people this sort of antidepressants work , on the other hand for alot of people they dont . 
  they might not be the best choice for mild cases of depression . 
  ssri/snris can have pretty bad side effects which is why in many cases the patient has to try several different antidepressants . 
  they dont `` cure '' depression , they just give the patient a chance to get his life together also theres some interesting new antidepressants being developed . 
  tianeptine is kind of a recent one with a unique mechanism of action ( largely a mu-opioid agonist yet distinct from opioids often used as painkillers ), 
   you clearly had n't got to deal with people that refuse to leave until they got their amoxicilin to treat their flu . 
  you get the security and throw them the fuck out, 
  are you retarded ? 
  prescribing placebos is not a common clinical practice at all . 
  if the patient for example has an infection that could cause serious complications , no doctor ever is going to prescribe a placebo for that instead of antibiotics . 
  minority rule doesnt usually end well . 
  theres plenty of examples . 
  you are not an exception . 
  im not even gon na continue arguing with you , youre delusional if you think your attitude will result into anything good . 
  sounds like you want to go backwards , not forward . 
  why the fuck would you give these shitbags any media visibility ? 
  idiots yeah , keep being `` understanding '' towards their attitudes and see how they shoot up or blow up another cafe/museum/theater / mall . 
  hey atleast you can have a french flag overlay on your twitter profile image again !, 
   ulstermen are both culturally and racially distinct from irishmen , we are two completely separate peoples . 
  northern ireland has been solely populated by english speaking ulstermen since the beginning of times ? 
  irish language and irish people are foreign to ulster ? 
  is that what youre saying ? 
  because youre wrong . 
  literally every historical account contradicts your claim . 
   considering we ulstermen no longer attempt to impose our customs upon their nation , the irish should show some respect nah you need to get your head out of your ass the fact that youre claiming irish is a `` foreign language '' is a good indication of your arguments being based on sectarian horse shit, 
  thats some deliberate , bullshit hostility and anti-irish sentiment . 
  what a vile woman, 
  good . 
  dont forget in the end kgb put you to gulag, 
  true . 
  easier said than done . 
  i dont think nuclear weapons are gon na go away for a long time, 
  wind farms are a scam in finland . 
  they are mostly foreign companies and they get more subsidiary money from the state than the electricity they produce is worth . 
  still some idiots support this thievery, 
   i mean long term it would be very good if offense is just weaker than defense . 
  good as in - our civilization makes it out of this mess . 
  we should have both a nuclear second strike capability and work on developing abm systems that actually could make a difference, 
   i dont think that this is a law of nature however . 
  abm systems that utulize guided missiles will never make a difference in a major nuclear exchange . 
  you have a fuck ton of re-entry vehicles coming it at mach 10-20 , or even faster . 
  theres already ballistic missiles that utulize evasive maneuvering during re-entry . 
  also like u/voidvector said , decoys would be utulized . 
  unless we develop some sort of insanely powerful and advanced directed energy abm systems , it will never make a difference . 
  `` missile shield '' is a fucking meme term, 
  yes, 
  yeah , from kosovo and albania, 
  abm systems have no use in a large scale nuclear exchange . 
  russia isnt a `` deranged alcoholic with a gun '' . 
  youre making the mistake of thinking they act on emotion like some sort of maniac . 
  they dont . 
  everything theyve done in regards to their foreign policy has followed a certain strategic approach that has been thought out extensively . 
  if i remember correctly , there was one case where a man had been charged of importing too much alcohol ( i think it was several hundred liters of vodka ) so in the court he showed the judge a statement from his doctor that said the man is able to drink over 10 liters of vodka a day so the amount he imported was reasonable personaly supply for 3 months period so he didnt get convicted of anything . 
   and i also think gun fights are really boring , fist fights or weapon fights are infinitely more fun . 
  shows youve only ever fought in a video game, 
  methanol isnt a denaturant because it doesnt taste that different from ethanol ( its just sweeter ), 
  usually ( basically always unless its made fully knowing that if you just make it alcohol + aroma/etherical oils ppl will drink it ) bath lotions will have glycerine to prevent people from drinking it as easily . 
  dont tell me the manufacturers didnt know ppl were going to drink it . 
  bath lotion my ass . 
  manufacturers should get a life in prison, 
  for example , when a rebel group burned the foua and kafraya evacuation buses , turkish media ( most notably sabah ) jumped on it claiming that it was `` sectarian shia militias '' who did it . 
  shit like this, 
   my guess is that he had family or friends in syria that were killed by russian/syrian troops . 
  not necessarily . 
  propaganda can turn certain people into total fanatics . 
  have you seen how turkish media report on syria ? 
  show me evidence then .
