  theres only allegations . 
  i dont think its out of question that such has happened either, 
  so far theres no evidence that the alleged execution/massacre of civilians happened though . 
  local sources have also denied the allegations, 
  theres nothing `` cruel '' about determining age from teeth . 
  what the hell ? 
  its not our fault they all somehow lost their ids/didnt have one to begin with, 
  how so ? 
  this . 
  if some of them reach syria theyll get abducted for sure . 
  a lot of desperate militant groups around, 
  this is the dumbest thing ive seen  we only want a no-fly zone over syria and humanitarian corridors so that help can get to the people in need . 
  bahhahaha they better march real fast because the situation in aleppo will be over quite soon ( fortunately ), 
  solar freakin ' roadways, 
  i know of a case where a police official lost his job because the bank they used was allegedly affliated with gulen . 
  now theyre poor as fuck, 
  that feel when from eagle place peasant village, 
  make better jokes, 
  religious connotations or not , the core idea is total war i.e the country and its people uses every fiber of its being to fight . 
   not to mention that the idea of `` sacrecy '' of anything within atheistic society is a bit nonsensical and would be used as no more than an emotional indicator . 
  exactly . 
  its an emotional thing in any case . 
  thats why `` sacred war '' doesnt mean `` jihad '' . 
  i wouldnt say it translates into literally jihad - allthough the point and feeling its ment to convey is similiar to what some jihadist nasheeds convey and the mindset of many jihadis ( basically : `` theyve come to exterminate all thats important to us - well give them hell , total war '' ) which is not suprising becase alot of contemporary jihadist movements operate on the pretense of resistance . 
  jihad itself as a concept can have many meanings . 
  no sense in procuring a very small number of f-35 even if they provide ** some ** extra survivability ( theyre not invincible by any means ) against the russian sam umbrella that covers alot of finnish airspace . 
  weed not even once, 
  well , the fdf also recently `` found '' [ 1000 field artillery guns ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/201611182200029469_uu.shtml ) sorry osce , we really didnt know we had these around ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   being able to shoot multiple missiles at a ship , both following non-direct routes and arriving at the same time sounds very nasty for the ship . 
  this a common feature with many modern asm systems . 
  but yeah rbs15 is a very nice system still, 
  can you name some benefits of open borders that would outweight the negatives ( short or long term ) ? 
  what a stupid sensationalized article  will germany become the new hope for humanity , or will they gas the jews again ? 
  find out in the next episode !, 
  no but certain ethnic/religious groups in sweden have formed a significant risk to the jewish minority there . 
  also it doesnt help that sweden has a very strong leftist `` anti-zionist '' current, 
   it stops being snow and starts being a blubbery gray puddle of wet shit reminds me of the spring here . 
  in spring all the frozen dog shit accumulated within the snow melt and mix with the gray slush snow so you end up with roads like bumpy ice skating tracks full of holes , covered in a layer of literal shit slush . 
  then with cars driving the the broken , potholed slippery roads the shit slush flies everywhere . 
  so especially youre bicycling , by the time you reach your destination , you ( especially your legs and shoes ) will wet from the slush that reeks like shit . 
  i got banned on r/europe for `` advocating genocide '' because i suggested that known militant salafi jihadists should be interned . 
   are fruits and fruit juices really totally useless ? 
  well i guess itd keep your blood sugar up and help keep you hydrated but regarding the supposed protection the antioxidants would provide against oxidative damage due to mdma/its metabolites ? 
  i doubt itll do anything really in that aspect, 
   european union ( as one nation ) what utopist bs , you think europeans will suddenly merge into `` one european nation '' over 60 years ? 
  people usually start with pharmaceutical opioids and move to heroin because its cheaper ( in places where heroin is cheaper , which is most of the world ) . 
  also youll eventually end up iving it . 
  the second best way is to put it up your ass but most people dont want to do that so youll be left with 3 options , either you iv ( obviously 100 % bioavailibility ) , snort ( 50 % bioavailibility , works with heroin salts / # 4 only , snorting # 3 you cooked into # 4 will be very unpleasant so people dont do that ) or smoke it ( if # 3 , like 30-60 % effective depending on how good you are at vaporizing it ) so my point is heroin is not intrinsically more addictive than other opioids , its just the use habits that most heroin users have/develop ( such as iving ) that makes it seem worse than other opioids . 
  heroin is fucking good but i bet most users would choose oxycodone over it, 
  technically youll need an antioxidant that can readily cross the blood-brain barrier . 
  otherwise its useless . 
  the neurotoxicity from 1 time use of mdma is neglicible though so it doesnt really matter . 
  also magnesium chelate or citrate , not oxide . 
  drink water . 
  people who have that `` going all out '' attitude with drugs are fucking retarded, 
  youll need to know alot of stuff and have practical experience on chemistry and lab work . 
  and youll need the precursors not to mention all the labware and shit which can easily cost thousands . 
   do n't ever touch heroin though . 
  heroin is just another opioid . 
  not any more addictive than any other opioid . 
  if you like opioids and keep doing them , you will make it a habit that might lead to dependence . 
  this goes for all opioids . 
  its not like heroin is magically worse than the others i find it ridiculous when drug users shit on other drug users for doing drugs they see as `` thrashy '' or `` super addictive '' all while they are doing amphetamine and whatnot . 
  because muh human rights, 
   his boss had seen him the day he got locked in the cage and had reacted by laughing and walking away . 
   george 's line manager , simon wright , who admitted to playing a number of pranks on george , told the inquest : `` i was in the workshop when a prank was played on george and he was set on fire . 
   `` it did not go too far . 
  we knew where to draw the line , '' he said . 
  yeah right . 
  cunt i dont usually advocate vigilanteism but i hope the relatives of this poor guy avenge how they treated him . 
  honestly finland isnt any more of a welfare state than say , germany . 
  i dont know why people assume that only scandinavia and finland have extensive welfare systems . 
  yet we pay more tax than germans . 
  i feel like the taxation could be lower but the economy isnt doing great at the moment . 
  also theres alot of bullshit taxes . 
  the vat is ridiculous too . 
  there is benefits to the relatively high taxation but alot of things could be optimized and reformed . 
  too bad our current govt is only focused on making a big fucking mess, 
  how exactly ? 
  what does it offer over the 35mm oerlikon gdf ? 
  the rate of fire is very slow compared to the oerlikon and its known that the performance of aaa systems ( even with modern fire control and guidance ) depends mainly on the rate of fire . 
  57mm has a longer range but that doesnt matter , its ineffective at longer ranges due to the time the shell needs to travel . 
   ` oldschool ' autocannons were not that effective against fast moving targets . 
  my point was that large caliber autocannons were replaced by smaller caliber , high rate of fire ones for a good reason . 
  the reason being that large caliber ones were useless to the point that they werent even worth modernizing with newer fire control and radar guidance systems  it 's still capable of shooting down whatever happens to stumble into its range . 
  harassing maybe , not shooting down . 
  its not that easy to down a jet . 
  i very much doubt that the 57mm gun system on visby is any more effective than say , oerlikon gdf ( modern variants with modern fire control and guidance system ) . 
  and even that thing is mainly good for harassing fire okay , the 57mm is better than nothing . 
  but as far as aa guns go , its really bad, 
  well it might seem like it makes for a decent aa system due to the promiximity fuzes on powerful 57mm shells and whatnot . 
  but it really doesnt . 
  as i said , large caliber aa guns have been proven in combat and in live fire training to perform poorly against modern jet aircraft . 
  thats why aa guns nowadays are 20-35mm caliber with a high rate of fire . 
  even then , youll be lucky to down a jet fighter with one . 
  the main purpose isnt to take down aircraft because thats very hard to do , it is to harass the aircraft and force them to fly higher so sams can take them down . 
   all i know is that i , as well as my family often get ill and vomit or get diahoreoia in spain and greece on holiday . 
  you do realize that this is necessarily due to `` poor hygiene standards '' ? 
  maybe you get indigestion and diarrhea due to dietary changes when travelling . 
  maybe you are just prone to having diarrhea when your gi tract encounters new microbia or sudden dietary changes .
