   why sweden is doing something unsustainable ? 
  what 's that harmful thing ? 
  for example the fact that integrating these people in their society will likely fail and it will lead to more social problems . 
  the fiscal cost of swedens immigration policies is another thing , they dont have infinite amounts of money they can spend . 
  they will have to cut some from other things , thus eroding the welfare model they have which will lead to frustration and feeling of betrayal among people due to the decreased quality of life and perception that theyve become second class citizens . 
   people do n't change oh . 
  so how do you think you will ever manage to integrate your immigrants and refugees from mena ? 
  its like you expect that they dont have any culture they adhere to and you can just magically make them become an integrated part of your society . 
   any people is better than investing it into coorporations to pocket our taxes for private gain that they then promptly move out of the country . 
  do you realize there is many companies and actors in the `` refugee business '' which basically lobby for open borders policies just so they can scoop their share of the money ? 
  if you dislike how the right wing erodes your welfare systems , then how do you feel about this sort of greedy parasites ( and i mean these companies in refugee business , not refugees themselves ) feeding on the tax money of your country ? 
   i feel no silly illogical nationalistic tendancies nationalism isnt illogical . 
  nation states tend to be the most stable for a good reason . 
  but im not going to argue about that since its not the point and im sure our views on nationalism differ more than our views on the immigration policies . 
  oh and if you are going to view the immigration debate objectively , you have to care about nationalities . 
  for every crown they spend , different actors working in the immigration/refugee accomodation etc. 
  infrastructure business will earn a portion of that crown . 
  theres definitely a business aspect in this , basically they want to make the money circulate so they can easily scoop their own share from the billions and nobody will criticize them because its `` helping the poor refugees '' . 
   then why should `` moderate muslims '' ? 
  its not about rallies . 
  its about the muslim communities as a whole , radicalism should not be tolerated by them . 
  radical imams and preachers should be kicked out of mosques by the community . 
  what do you think would happen if for example a radical islamist would come and preach islamism in a tatar mosque ? 
  no fucking way they would tolerate it the same way mena muslims in europe tolerate radicalism . 
  its very likely it was ricin . 
  its easy to procure, 
  yes , it was an arms cache . 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  another weak american crushed, 
  [ erdogan right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaxyjl7nkjg ), 
  can you show some proof of generation identitaire going around beating up random people ? 
  just interested . 
  this is just something that happens when ethnic tensions escalate . 
  i dont know why anyone is suprised stuff like this starts happening more and more, 
  yeah , lets beat the fuck out of everyone we dont agree with !, 
   in chechnya and neighboring dagestan , they routinely burn or demolish the houses of people suspected of being insurgents or terrorists . 
  yeah . 
  when there is a firefight and insurgents holed up in a flat or a house , the whole place tends to get razed . 
  and anything wrong with that ? 
   police said both mr shah and the arrested man were muslims . 
  so another incident of sectarian violence . 
  tell me , why dont the local muslims who attend the mosque there condemn this sort of islamist bullshit ? 
  yeah , obviously certain kinds of migrants dont integrate very well . 
  you gon na blame europeans for not letting them integrate or something ? 
  also i said enviroments and communities , not areas . 
  islamism is a political ideology . 
  it doesnt necessarily mean radicalisation by itself . 
  im saying in a enviroment where islamism is accepted and the norm , radicalisation happens, 
   there is no community with islamism being the norm in europe . 
   i do n't have such simple and stupid view of the world . 
  which , by the way , is the reason any terrorism exists in the first place . 
  okay . 
  and in a community where islamism is the norm , terrorist are created . 
  is it hard to realize ? 
  those communies may not want to integrate into our societies . 
  you fucking think if we just pour enough money into something , we can prevent their exclusion and whatever and mold their culture into ours ? 
  i dont think so . 
  not everyone suffers from the type of moral imperative/quilt you apparently do, 
   maybe it has something to do with it ? 
  nope . 
  the problem is islamism . 
  just admit it, 
  and how does that matter shit ? 
  worried = / = afraid . 
  but whatever man, 
  that article is really biased for wikipedia, 
  what do you consider far right ? 
  how is avpixlat xenophobic or do you just believe that because other swedish media says so ? 
  even if it is , does it justify violence ? 
  if i consider you to disagree with me , can i beat the shit out of you ? 
  i dont know why you are trying to justify this kind of behaviour, 
  you cant just `` mold '' these people into your culture like some sort of ethnic playdough . 
  maybe they dont want to integrate ? 
  he deserves to get attacked because you dont agree with his political views ? 
  lol . 
  extinguish your ass dude, 
  theres atleast tens of thousands of illegal semiautomatic and automatic rifles in europe , most of which are ak pattern rifles . 
  hell i could have got one for 800 $, 
  ahahahha 5000 $ , those guys were fucking desperate . 
  well , obviously i was talking in broad terms . 
  european culture includes a diverse spectrum of cultures aswell . 
  do you notice how yourself you talk of `` western way of thinking '' as a thing ? 
  youre talking in broad terms too . 
  so dont patronize . 
   you want to know what breeds hate towards the western way of thinking ? 
  people like yourself . 
  and you accept terrorist attacks as the norm . 
  but yeah , i dont think you will ever come to your senses . 
  it wont if it becomes accepted within their communities . 
   either we let them integrate into our way of thinking and accept the minor do they want to integrate into our way of thinking ? 
   or we put up our fictional cultural walls and make it `` us vs them '' which will lead to another world war . 
  but with nukes . 
  what the fuck are you even trying to convey ? 
  theres a pretty clear difference in european and middle-eastern culture . 
  so if we acknowledge that we get a world war ? 
   just because these people are muslim doesnt make them worse than those who commited genocide in eastern europe . 
  these jihadists will continue to hate our societies . 
  they will spread their ideology to their offspring and communities and make it accepted within their communities . 
  do you think isis gives a fuck about that ? 
  i havent heard of this .
