  even if assad fell 2 years ago , there would still be war . 
  we 'd still have isis and all the atrocities . 
  and there would be no rebuilding . 
   blowing up someone from afar on suspicion that happens alot in war in general . 
  yeah war is not nice . 
  doesnt mean drone strikes are somehow worse than other methods of blowing up someone . 
  how ? 
  can you extrapolate ? 
  everyone killed the shit out of everyone in the 90s , not just serbs . 
  theres nothing wrong with drone strikes * per se * . 
  each strike is a result of reconnaissance and intelligence work . 
  but yeah this incident will obviously shift the opinions of serbs against nato even more . 
   if it comes directly from domestic company , i would argue it does . 
  its just circulating tax money . 
  maybe it benefits the people who run refugee business but not anyone else . 
  gdp growth doesnt mean the refugees benefit the economy . 
   but talking about a dire situation right now is wrong . 
  as i said , the migrants/refugees are not going to stop coming any time soon . 
  the situation will be dire with millions of people coming to europe annually . 
  id say most of them are migrants seeking for a better life , not actual refugees . 
  they are just utulizing the asylum system because currently , its a very easy way in . 
   also which unrest do you mean ? 
  migrants forming their little enclaves and segregating from rest of the society . 
  this creates all kinds of problems . 
  ask people in calais or example  and i do n't mean mass protests against refugees . 
  this also counts as a consequence . 
  theres a reason protests are happening . 
   please show me sources for significant economical consequences in europe . 
  the economical consequences are already quite large and they will get bigger . 
  now , do you think the flow of refugees will magically stop or something ? 
   the standard is so low now that to have a meaningful and serene discussion about rights , diversity and integration is often impossible , '' mr. cr\u00e9peau warned . 
  meanwhile people like crepeau stand for repeating their own `` refugees welcome '' - liturgy like a mantra . 
  there is no discussion because the people who control the situation are deaf to discussions . 
  they dont give a fuck to put it simply . 
  then they make talking heads like crepeau to tell us that ** we ** make discussion impossible . 
  the refugee problems certainly dont make future seem any better . 
  it has resulted into economical consequences and unrest . 
  do you think the refugee flow will suddenly stop ? 
  nope , if nothing is done ( btw europe will never reach an agreement on common policy about this ) there will be very serious problems . 
  i would really like the infamous [ tiitinen list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiitinen_list ) to be published . 
  could be interesting, 
  are you afraid of firearms even if they are handled by responsible people ? 
  hoplophobia = irrational fear of weapons . 
   younger people are mostly anti-gun , at least in my social circles . 
  if someone said he was going to spend a few grands on buying a gun and taking shooting up as a hobby , most would think he is somekind of a nutter who secretly fantasizes about killing people . 
  sorry but your social cirles seem to be full of shitheads . 
  yes there is . 
  i doubt they are gon na beat some migrants for no reason . 
  do you have any concept of why these groups form to begin with ? 
  because they have the image they can do whatever they want . 
   in fact , it cause even more tensions when these groups roam around . 
  so are you saying the migrants gon na go monkey because of soo ? 
  such people will know they cant do whatever the fuck they want without consequences . 
  soo are not very aggressive . 
  except towards other aggressive people . 
   no innocent people will be saved from migrant criminals because street patrols are horribly inefficient they cant obviously cover most of the area 24/7 . 
  the main point is to prevent aggressive groups of migrants from forming and going around . 
   not sure what they think , since you 'll only help al nusra etc with that . 
  that seems to be more or less their goal . 
  i think the discussions have now been discussed . 
  the people who drive this current disastrous refugee policy are deaf . 
  they dont care about your `` civilized discussions '', 
   you say people who want to help refugees fleeing from a war torn country are racist ? 
  not racist . 
  im saying that many of them have this peculiar mindset . 
   he said that `` herr deutsche '' looks down on brown people , which means all germans - and that is racist , wether you like it or not . 
  im not even going to argue about this because you get stuck on petty things and are unwilling to think about the main point, 
  will any migrants respect people like this mayor ? 
  you really expect anyone to integrate into such mindset - a mindset of spinelessness and submission ? 
  i dont think i would , i dont think any sane person would ever want to integrate into a society whichs face is people like this mayor . 
  people like this mayor are just pure scum who would sell their mother to not step out of their politically correct cage . 
   you are talking about everyone in this country and how racist they are - which is basically the definition of racism - well done !, 
  that wasnt racist . 
  he just criticized the mentality of many `` pro-refugee '' germans who feel like these migrants are somewhat less than them . 
  like as if they were stray dogs they just saved from the street and made their pets . 
  the complaining about food is just 100 % insolence . 
  they demand more and more to test us . 
  if we give in to their demands they will see us as weak and not respect us . 
  well in 2015 , nearly 50 % of the refugees welcome-sort of hash tag tweets originated from the us . 
  which is somewhat suspicious anyways , its clear that some people who promote the migration have ulterior motives behind it . 
   they 're the hard core . 
  they travel around for regional demonstrations a lot . 
  sure , but that doesnt still mean most of the people in pegida demos are those nazis . 
   they 're the far left , none of the people actually in power care about them . 
  i said they utulize them . 
  not care about them . 
   not really for the german establishment theres many ways to profit alot from the refugee accomodation and needed infrastructure . 
   more countries like russia wanting to destabilise the eu . 
  russia surely has a great opportunity to use this to destabilize eu but so far the problems are simply due to the refugee policy of most eu countries and the inability of eu to handle the situation ( if it even wants to control it to begin with ) . 
   they are calling me nazi because i follow a bunch of nazis , mimimi eh , i dont give a fuck if some open borders idiot labels us nazis . 
  nazis are still a small fraction of the people who attend pegida demonstrations . 
  and i dont care for a second whether you are a willing to consider this or not , youre a passive coward to begin with  iam all for closing/protecting the outer eu border and sharing the cost the borders arent going to close themselves . 
  you are undermining your own cause by not giving your voice to the popular movement just because you disagree with a fraction of the people in it . 
   there is a middleground maybe the `` middleground '' should get more active then . 
  then you will see how the open borders maniacs will call you nazis and whatever regardless of what is actually the situation . 
   they 're not the ones in power they support the harmful refugee policies that enable mass migration . 
  thus the people in power will utulize them . 
  there is big money involved in the refugee sitution as well as ( geo ) political interests . 
   it is n't socially acceptable . 
  it 's full of violent neo-nazis who indulge in anti-semitic , racist , sexist conspiracy theories , and routinely spread politically convenient lies as propaganda efforts full ?
