  if the food at your hotel/resort etc. 
  was causing you actual food poisoning , trust me , youd have dozens of other people staying at the hotel complaining about it too . 
  stop bitching and take loperamide, 
   the gun would be more than capable of destroying aircraft attempting such attack . 
  its a 57mm gun , very low rate of fire compared to proper aa guns ( doesnt matter if it has smart proximity/timed fuze munitions and whatnot . 
  large caliber , relatively slow firing autocannons have been shown to make poor aa guns even with proximity fuze or timed munitions ) . 
  it simply doesnt have the volume of fire required to have any decent chance of downing or even harassing a modern fighter/bomber jet . 
  its useless for aa purposes except maybe against helicopters . 
  not really . 
  you need an actual ciws made for that in order to even have a chance . 
  did you make a throwaway just to post this ? 
   i dont even understand how some people believe such lies . 
  its very likely that it happened , with all the accounts and other evidence supporting it . 
  im not blindly gon na swallow all kinds of bs but the lack of concrete evidence isnt a reason for me to reject an allegation when theres alot of accounts and other shit supporting it . 
  if youre gon na go that way then you might aswell reject the allegations of gays being persecuted in chechnya at the moment . 
  after all , theres no concrete evidence for that either . 
  just personal accounts, 
   lmao theres actual evidence of the extent of slave trade in chechnya during 90s . 
  sure , it wasnt russians getting enslaved en masse and churches turned into slave markets etc. 
  rumours but it happened . 
   which russia supported financially and with mercenaries . 
  yes . 
   i might be not a fan of gay people , but what kadyrov is doing is wrong . 
  would you say the mentality chechens ( in general ) have towards gays didnt contribute to this ? 
  it doesnt matter who the current warlord ruling over chechnya is . 
  even if there was no kadyrov and no russian influence in chechnya , it would still be the same . 
  was it better in the 90s during chechnyas independence ? 
  when there was open slave trade in middle of grozny , total anarchy and corpses hanging from lightposts ? 
  were gays tolerated back then ? 
  ask your average chechen what they think about gays . 
  yeah . 
  chechnya is just . . chechnya . 
   if russia cares about combating islamic terrorism then why do n't they do anything to stop this ? 
  politics . 
  also kadyrov keeps the jihadists in check already so kreml lets them do whatever they want more or less . 
  theyre not going to jeopardize anything over this  has chechnya always been this crazy ? 
  yes 100 % . 
   making a case solely around `` muh culture '' is , as i said above , a very short-sighted and just unnecessary case to revolve an indepence movement around . 
  what do you think is the definition of a nation ? 
   unsupported conspiracy theories regarding him being extradited to the us from sweden naive, 
  if thats where all the money that the bankers ( with koivisto 's blessing : he literally granted the banks immunity in the courts when the banks demanded huge loans to be paid immediately or the companys debt to be moved to a bad bank ) robbed from finnish businesses in 90s went , i can forgive him . 
  also a ton of youtubers ( both political and non-political ) are on this list . 
  its rather worrying that the state makes a registry of `` political undesirables '' [ even fucking pewdiepie and jontron are on the list ] ( https://twitter.com/stillgray/status/864537480363524097 ) so youre basically a `` disseminator of online hatred '' if you a. have a popular youtube/social media account and b. criticize anything deemed `` sensitive '' . 
  or even accidentally touch such a topic . 
  or touch any political topic without being strongly biased in a certain way ( you know what i mean ) . 
  this is why people like thunderf00t are on the list . 
  because they examined a sensitive political topic in a neutral manner . 
  * `` potentially may engage in dissemination of online hatred . 
  '' * ridiculous . 
  all this just proves that the spectrum of political opinions ( or activism ) that is considered officially acceptable in sweden is very , very narrow . 
  which is worrying for a fucking `` human rights superpower '' like sweden tries so hard to be . 
  also israel should just cut all diplomatic relations with a country like this . 
  less headaches for them, 
  nordic country winning eurovision again, 
  good guy even though he did some scummy stuff in the 90s when we had the banking crisis rip, 
  weve had similiar blasphemy cases in finland . 
  its backwards as fuck but not limited to russia, 
   the old generation or rather the old mentality of nationalist identity where different countries are still considered the `` other '' is on the way out . 
  nationalism is comptely normal in many eu countries , including finland . 
  and it doesnt necessarily translate into feeling animosity for other countries or peoples . 
  just because nationalism is marginalized in germany doesnt mean its the same in other eu countries . 
  european countries and peoples are different . 
  well said, 
   when the eu helps , it 's `` they 're taking away our national identity and sovereignty '' . 
  really a massive generalization . 
  theres alot of things that eu does/has done or has put in motion that make people legitimately concerned about the sovreignity of their country . 
  for example here in finland , the parliament can transfer the executive authority/jurisdiction to eu if 2/3 of the parliament votes so . 
  this was actually added to the constitution . 
  i read it and laughed, 
   comparing him with stalin is just dumb . 
  its pretty much the same as comparing brexit to a coup . 
  can we agree both of these comparisons are stupid ? 
   evidently some people beg to differ because they didnt like the results so they bitch and moan about brexit being `` subversion of democracy '', 
  hes ridiculed because he made a ridiculous statement . 
  drunk , corrupt piece of shit . 
  is it even possible to fire/impeach someone like juncker ? 
  because it should  between 53 and 57 percent of france 's gross domestic product went toward public spending . 
  interesting that juncker is not bitching at us , seeing how we have even higher public spending than france, 
   it just so happens that after some time i have to let out some steam and than i just get myself a new account and carry on with my life . 
  sounds like you need to go out, 
   i am not an american and live under a trump presidency and soon without a healthcare system . 
  just because the us healthcare system is different from what you have in germany doesnt mean they dont have one . 
  youre ignorant, 
   how fucking racist , two blocks without white people should be celebrated if anything . 
  do you even realize how ironic this is, 
   all these hairs are to make you smell hair doesnt make you smell . 
  sweat does . 
  if you shower and use antiperspirant you wont smell . 
   vaccines some vaccines are necessary . 
  just like circumsion if there is a medical condition ( severe phimosis for example ) . 
   when the child is old enough he will need a dangerous operation and general anesthetic you dont necessarily need a general anesthesia . 
  especially for adults, 
   sorry , pals , your armpit hair can be beautiful as the lord himself , it 's still atavism made only to make you smell and needs to be removed . 
  most men dont actually shave their armpit hair also it doesnt matter if female genital mutilation is different from male genital mutilation ( circumsion ) . 
  youre still performing an unnecessary procedure without the consent of the child . 
  it should only be done when the child is old enough to give his consent or if theres a medical condition that makes it necessary . 
  the people hijacked our democracy !, 
  our democracy !, 
  nationalism isnt fascist . 
  fascists are literally a fraction of nationalists .
