  its just how things work the best at this time . 
  nation states for example are generally the most stable . 
  humans stick together naturally . 
  nationalism is just a extension of that charasteristic, 
  its not like locals dont know the names of the suspects . 
  over here theres this one irredeemable scumbag who did alot of fucked up stuff , aggravated assault on random man ( stabbing ) + other assaults ( you dont even want to know everything hes done ) and rape of a minor . 
  he ended up staying in jail for like 6 months . 
  everyone knows his name obviously and theres people who would pay really good for his fingers and he gets beaten whenever he goes out . 
  this is what happens when the justice system fails to deliver justice, 
  looks like butthurt of an eurofederalist to me . 
  that would make for some sick high multiplier betting . 
  like `` guess whos gon na drop next '', 
   what is it with americans shitposting the hell out of / r/europe ? 
  do you really think you are fighting an ideological war here ? 
  i dont know about him but theres someone who seems to be at a constant ideological war here - you . 
   farrightwingtardjjkg trollssfhj this is literally the essence of your every post from past few months . 
  so dont throw stones from glass house, 
   ` genocide ' wew , good job bbc . 
  holy fuck, 
  username checks out, 
   poland shut the left wing out of the parliament entirely where is the eu comission criticism to sweden for politically isolating sweden democrats ? 
   hate speech is horrible of course , but why lump it together with anti-immigration speech ? 
  just take a wild guess . 
  could it be because certain actors want it to be seen as socially unacceptable to criticize idiotic open borders policies and willkommenskultur ? 
  ok ill be back in a while and reply after ive read how bullshit these articles are, 
  welcome to germany, 
  `` islamophobia worldwide '', 
  yes . 
  of course the camp should be monitored for any shortcomings or abuses . 
  hell , send un troops in there or something , whatever . 
   where people stuck there have set themselves on fire in process ? 
  so fucking what ? 
  they are simply protesting to get in easier . 
  would let prisoners out of prison because one of them set himself on fire in protest ? 
   because of what they 've done there all for the money are you saying that this approach had no impact on the amount of economical migrants coming in and trying to pose as refugees ? 
  also currently at least in my country theres rampant `` refugee business '' that is basically ran by opportunistic crooks who saw the chance to leech state money ? 
  is this better then ? 
   how about the eu mans up and introduces economic sanctions on countries which do n't want to take people whose asylum applications were rejected ? 
  you mean those whose applications were accepted and qualify as refugees you mean ? 
  in that case maybe if we keep the asylum seekers on islands until they get their applications processed , it would greatly reduce the number of economical migrants too . 
  here you will likely be fined if you admit that you have smoked it in the past to a cop ( usage is a crime ) . 
  also even for relatively small amounts ( < 10 grams ) you can be detained for up to 3 days if you dont tell what you know, 
   at the same time we need to stop being such p * ssies and be more forceful with the refugees and relocate them across the eu good luck with that . 
   from most interviews i 've seen , most syrians want to return asap not all refugees are syrians . 
  not to mention that around half of all the refugees who arrived recently are economical migrants , not actual refugees . 
   too many far right wingers out there playing on misguidance and misinformation to spread irrational xenophobia . 
  lol okay . 
  maybe the msm should have reported about things truthfully instead of lying and spewing shit . 
  eu should have stopped being a fucking useless shit from day 1 and did what australia does , i.e put the asylum seekers into island camps until their applications are processed . 
  you have a very narrow view of the whole situation, 
   i also hope that they wo n't try to shove it to other european nations who didi n't sign for shit like this . 
  thats exactly what certain countries did ( sweden actively guided 30k asylum seekers here through their country ) and now are planning the asylum seeker quota thing . 
  maybe not in germany, 
  why ? 
   why do you think the current are n't ? 
  are you seriously saying that all of the recent asylum seekers are qualified for refugee status ? 
   with drugs , its an opaque supply chain so you don ; t know if its some old hippies growing cannabis in his back yard or some balkan mafia group who funds arms and human trafficking with their drugs . 
  exactly and this is the main reason why i believe drugs should be legal and regulated by the state . 
  the only reason why drug distribution chain works is because drugs are overpriced for the consumer , that means everyone in the supply chain makes a shit load of money . 
  so thats why for example in afganistan theres a problem with grain supply because people rather grow poppies since they make 10 times more money from them etc. 
  and thats just one of the many problems that result from organized crime living off of drug trade . 
   well if they are so concerned with following the law , why do n't they do it in the first place ? 
  because they want to use drugs and dont see drug use and selling as a `` real crime '' . 
  and when everyone around them thinks the same , this just enforces the mentality . 
  and then you have actual `` degenerates '' who steal shit to get drugs , do you think they think its a big deal ? 
  no they dont , because in their social circles everyone is the same . 
  with drugs being legal and regulated by state , this kind of detrimental social `` subcultures '' wouldnt exist . 
   still does n't make it okay i agree drug use is more or less harmful . 
  i was just saying theres a wide spectrum of reasons why people use drugs, 
   the fact that unvirtuous people choose to break the law and use these drugs is what feeds organized crime . 
  everyone breaks the law at some point in their lives . 
  are you unvirtuous because you didnt stop at red light in traffic once in your life ? 
  the thing is , when people get involved into drug things they inevitably get involved in social circles that have their own virtues and where drugs arent seen as a crime . 
  so it doesnt matter if they are virtuous or not , if they end up in such social enviroment . 
  actually criminals tend to have stronger virtues than average people because they have more at stake . 
  so trust and honesty is more valued . 
  thats why unvirtous people i.e snitches and scumbags/scammers tend to end up badly . 
  the problem is that these people conflict with the interests of the state and cause problems . 
   no it would just transfer the business to the other organized crime a.k.a the state . 
  which is better . 
  rather have the drug users follow the laws of the state than the laws of criminals . 
   i 'm talking recreational use . 
  so am i. 
  but the reasons someone decides to prefer opiates are different from the reasons for preferring amphetamine for example . 
  or if someone prefers weed . 
  those are completely different situations with different reasons for the person to decide its okay to use the drugs . 
  okay , so thats you personal ideology . 
  i think the fact that drugs are not legal and regulated by the state simply feeds organized crime . 
  and results of that are much more harmful and costly to society than the problems from individual persons using drugs . 
  ive seen tons of drug users and dealed drugs so i know what the problems are that come with drug use as it is . 
  if they were regulated by the state and legal , 80 % of organized crime would basically die out . 
  yeah , there would be downsides too but on the whole it would be positive . 
  also theres so many different reasons people use different drugs that you cant say its `` weakness of character '', 
  eh , i didnt give you a single downvote . 
  i dont generally bother to downvote people  if i even have to answer that , why bother ? 
  you 're in too deep . 
  if you accuse people of being degenerate because they use drugs , you should be able to explain why exactly it is degenerate . 
  how are drugs `` degeneracy '' ? 
  just answer . 
   no need to invent new vices and give people more channels to become degenerate .
