hey , maybe we could also join ?!, 
  i 'd love us to have a normal-ish school system again . 
  among other things . 
  not to mention this has a very high chance to make smaller isps go bust . 
  just like they did with some language schools ... 
  let 's see whether it still works today ( i sure hope so ), 
  yep , hung out on reddit a bit today still at the commission . 
  i would n't know what to do otherwise , sometimes it just gets * so * boring !, 
  hungary cooks its books by implementing a controversial community service/labour scheme . 
  to me , a foreign-born hungarian , it really looks like the tito-era yugoslavia where basically everyone had a job , but barely anyone did anything substantial ... 
  this made a sharp dent in unemployment numbers in the poor eastern regions , but oftentimes the positions are doled out at the whim of the mayors , and some people do n't get paid ( and the pay is quite bad , around minimum wage , which is de facto not enough to sustain a living minimum anymore ) ... as soon as the governing party 's system starts to show cracks , these numbers will skyrocket . 
  also , no government on the horizon yet again !, 
  edit : seems like you may have one after all . 
  why is n't luxembourg included ? 
  for all i know , they would be so deep red that it masquerades as black . 
  ( moving there tomorrow for a few months , do n't hate , i hate it enough ), 
  i think i 'll pitch it up to some of my meteorologist/weather-crazy pals and see whether it gains some traction ... 
  the site actually looks amazing !, 
  well , it 's exactly what the uk has done for centuries in the past ... karmic retribution may be slow , but ... 
  i 'd like to know where that portal is located and whether m\u00c1v / bkv / vol\u00e1n has rides there . 
  i 'd like to visit the abba museum sooo bad !, 
  refugees / migrants are n't eu citizens , though , so the comparison is out of place . 
  same here . 
  i 'm mostly left-leaning , and gay , but owing to my minority background i 'm also fairly nationalistic when it comes down to it ( yes , it does cause a little bit of cognitive dissonance , if perceived through the looking-glass of contemporary politics ) . 
  i still do n't think that we should really accept * everyone * , at least not those people who would actively seek to destabilise/deconstruct/destroy what had been hitherto achieved . 
  it 's not so much of a problem if there were n't any brains to begin with : /, 
  yup , it 's elte for humanities/some sciences , bme for engineering ( indubitably ) , and sote for medicine . 
  all three are universities in budapest , elte offering the broadest range of programmes . 
  though in the international rankings szte ( szegedi tudom\u00e1nyegyetem , in the southern town of szeged ) now outclasses even elte according to the metrics used . 
  which fills my little heart with pride ( did ba at elte , ma in szeged ) . 
  right . 
  our people at the subotica `` inti '' also went shooting to some strange shooting range , but i ca n't remember what was so strange about it . 
  it 's been some years now . 
  was it the high school dorm of subotica ? 
  here in budapest , even most turkish places sell gyros , as it rolls easier off the tongue ... dunno how they look into the mirror day after day , but the crunchy huf 10,000 bills must make them feel better ( it 's a bit difficult to wipe tears with the shiny new ones , though ) . 
  eh , i rather prefer mexican anyway , though i 'm yet to discover such a place in budapest ( there 's an excellent one in szeged ) . 
  no no no , the ode to joy would mean that turkey were put into an eu-context . 
  i mean , we 're good , but we 're not * that * good . 
  i know , we 're masters at that . 
  though going to work on m4 is actually quite nice . 
  31st , so technically they could still complete it on time ... 
  visited one of our twinned towns with my parents , 's a good thing we got two days off for the holiday . 
  food was passable , the organised events were ... well , normal for a rural little town . 
  need to get my serbian id done today , i 'll look shit as usual ( they make the photos without glasses for some reason , and i look shit without them ) . 
  and above all , i 'm still super annoyed that i caught the sziget virus and had to leave out the last three days cause i was pretty much constantly on the loo . 
  * `` smrt '' means death in serbian . 
  so yea , you are pretty much it . 
  or even \u010dvrsto\u0107a !!, 
  we should do some eszperente too !, 
  it is a playful way to speak hungarian , using * only * `` e '' as the vowel in words . 
  or  comfortable place , where you can eat enough as you please , but in this particular place you can spend all your salary . 
  you can do better than that , brate !, 
  yes , notice us , we 're drowning in migrants !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ send ^ ^ ^ ^ help ^ ^ ^ ^ pls, 
  oh dear , i can barely keep myself from a ) laughing out loud at the office b ) sending it to portuguese ex-colleagues of mine . 
  i doubt they would approve . 
  especially as they could not really retaliate . 
  they are !, 
  you call them like that ? 
  how nice . 
  they 're haso and mujo here around . 
  i much prefer the montenegrin jokes , though . 
  hungary reporting in , never heard or read about anything else than the richter scale in the media . 
  we have a very similar problem in hungarian ... 
  the english/international abbreviations lt and lv are exactly the opposite to their hungarian equivalents ( latvia/lv is lettorsz\u00e1g , with no v , and lithuania/lt is litv\u00e1nia , with a v ) , and it just means a world of hurt if you 're handling any of them ... 
  thing is , for luxembourg , where many of the eu 's linguistic services are located , that salary is actually around average , if not even somewhat low , taking into account the insane rent prices ( let alone real estate , which can easily run into millions of euros for a family house ) and the high price of living overall ( not counting gasoline , cigarettes , and alcohol , which are quite cheap ) . 
  brussels is better in this regard . 
  commuting can be painful in both cases . 
  : eu trainees receive $ 1050 monthly in both brussels and luxembourg . 
  for the brussels people , you can rent a comfortably sized room in a shared flat , and actually spend money on leisure stuff above your daily needs from that amount . 
  good luck with that . 
  the central link for permanent positions can be found [ here ] ( http://europa.eu/epso/apply/jobs/index_en.htm ) . 
  for maltese , there 's only openings this year for interpreters , which requires specific qualifications . 
  if rumours are to be trusted , next year there will also be a call for translators . 
  not for maltese , though . 
  they are hurting ( and hunting ) very bad for basically anyone who can fulfil a maltese position at eu institutions . 
  i 've interned at the european commission 's dg translation , and it was a rampant rumour among all translators that the maltese got off easy at the epso . 
  because of the low number of qualified people applying , the cutoff threshold was also super low ( artificially so , and probably against the general rules ) . 
  and though they work with machine translation quite a lot , their overall quality scores were somewhat low compared to other countries . 
  ah , good old / r/tumblrinaction never fails to amuse me . 
  yep , especially ( but not exclusively ) in central and eastern europe ( the newer member countries ) , this feeling of `` european-ness '' is taking on really slowly . 
  most of the educated population has adopted it more or less , but the masses of less-educated people are not really bothered by it . 
  the reasons are of course quite self-explanatory for this . 
  until these layers of society do not get elevated to somewhat higher levels of welfare and prosperity , the only common feeling will be jealousy , which begets hate . 
  as is demonstrated in this genious [ comic ] ( http://extrafabulouscomics.com/comic/160/ ), 
  could you link said trianon cry thread ( s ) ? 
  ever since m\u00f3nika-show ended , i 'm at a loss for quality butthurt . 
  thanks for bringing tears of laughter in my eyes . 
  after the clusterfuck @w \u00f6rk i really needed that !, 
  we have ... we were in a somewhat similar situation during the yugoslav wars , and then the kosovo war ... we do not * hate * them , nor do we actively try to harm them or anything . 
  we often even show solidarity if possible ( my parents and many people bring food to the migrants hiding in the little woods not far from the village ) , but the little things just annoy us too much to be able to cope with it for too long . 
  the only thing we feel by and large is * resentment * towards the powers that be both in the eu and inside the country . 
  we receive no help from outside or inside while the migrants harm our infrastructure and environment , and blame always gets shifted more and more outwards ... `` inner '' europe ( or as i call it , europa superior ) tries to tow them to border countries like hungary ( europa inferior ) , then hungary in turn tows them even further to our place , which is already outside the eu , and then they ( or we , as i am hungarian and live there myself ) put on a straight face and say it 's not their problem or competence anymore to help/support the migrants anymore . 
  i feel really sorry for the migrants as really no-one wants to care for them or help them in any real way , but in the end it 's the little fishes that get to muck up all the remnants ... and everyone else plays the saint and washes their hands . 
  dunno how understandable this was . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ahh superb ... 
  i 'm from a small hungarian village just south of the border , and we 're already inundated with migrants , even though they usually do n't stay more than a few days before heading straight for the border ... 
  unless of course the smugglers do n't tell them which way to go . 
  some even started logging the parks and the riverside boughs for firewood , the local council is furious , but we 're powerless ...
