  i wonder how worse it will make things ( as i 'm sceptical whether it will actually divert all migrants toward romania/croatia ), 
  oh god yes ... 
  i 'm working multinational support right now , and if/when sometimes i have to be the backup for my italian-speaking colleague ( i 'm doing ex-yu , netherlands and germany normally ) , getting the italians to understand what i want them to do is * murder * . 
  some of them do seem to understand english quite well , while others are just as blank-staring ( i guess , i ca n't see them ) as my spanish colleague is . 
  cubans do . 
  ( or did ? ), 
  the prices . 
  oh my loooord are your trains overpriced . 
  * i * love * your flair on this subreddit . 
  they do n't even like eurovision ... 
  seriously , what gives ? 
  my favourites from last night ( just getting here , as we were already drinking last night , and i 'm listening to the songs again at w\u00f6rk ) : - sweden ( smart stage presence , guy is possibly the only one remaining panty-dropper in the contest , song is mediocre but whatevs , he looks like the sweet love child of russell howard and daniel radcliffe ) - montenegro ( seriously , everything that \u017deljko joksimovi\u0107 touches turns into eurovision gold , i 'm still humming dem lyrics ) - slovenia ( really good song if you disregard the headphones and the guy 's hairdo , and you should -- i want to go to ljubljana next year ), 
  me three . 
  but it 's so * good * in a bad sort of way . 
  like a car accident . 
  it feels bad to watch it , but you ca n't tear your eyes away . 
  they 're the best !, 
  vicetone for ~ ~ ultra ~ ~ eurovision 2016 !, 
  it 's so funny that there is a `` eurovision void '' smack-dab in the middle of europe that is the czech republic . 
  i 've a lot of czech friends , and some do n't even know what the whole show * is * . 
  while mostly everyone else goes crazy for it , in our ex-eu trainee group we even had discussions , and the czech just started joyfully trolling us . 
  and trijntje even tried so hard ... and she changed her dress to a decidedly less terrible one , too !, 
  i liked the song , but it was woefully average . 
  you should send a dj next year , or anouk again , i love her !, 
  i really like that song , and it was one out of two that i ever listened to before the contest ( as i follow flemish news every day ) . 
  the style , the guy , the music are all great , i 'm just r\u00e9\u00e1lly disturbed by how he sounds as if he were a eunuch/13-year-old girl . 
  one of my friends exclaimed that `` she looks like a psychopath , she 's got the full-on crazy eyes '' . 
  then i told her that she led this german \\* insert hungary 's infamous white trash talk show \\* show for years and years , no wonder she went a bit kookoo . 
  we actually noticed that the only time those flags were featured * prominently * during any of the songs was when russia sang . 
  nooo provocation there whatsoever . 
  but i approve . 
  i was sooo amused when the song started , and only one of the black guys was illuminated ... 
  i cried out loud `` token black person !!! '' ... 
  and then , there came the other two . 
  ) joego 's argumenteren in het nederlands ? 
  thanks for the heads-up !, 
  i learned latin for 5 years but never really handled its history or its various versions through the ages . 
  it was all very grammar-y and learn-the-words-y through translation , but nothing else . 
  still helped me heaps with learning other european languages . 
  wait , since when does latin have the letter j ? 
  well , they would collide with ireland then , much to the chagrin of the northern irish i 'd reckon . 
  baby do n't hurt me ... 
  i adore this comic , the gesturing of the little italyballs has been made perfectly . 
  this is a scheme that is used in other eu member states as well , though requirements and costs vary . 
  malta just tends to be the most economical and straightforward option . 
  222 rgtr represent !, 
  ahhh those morning commutes when we had 3 buses all at the same time , but half an hour late ... 
  i feel you man ... 
  i just finished my traineeship there , and i was sooooo glad i could leave . 
  i paid $ 500 for a single room + bathroom in fucking mamer out of all places ... 12km away from the city , and even a bit further from kirchberg . 
  the state of public transportation and the lack of any small shops ( or 24/7 shops ! ), 
  open on sundays made me hate the place so much ... 
  it really just caters to the rich folks in their fancy cars . 
  go there penniless and you are * screwed * . 
  weird , this has been done about 1.5 years ago in luxembourg , my landlords ( flemish people ) were somewhat insulted ... and amused . 
  except the one year with the song `` alcohol is free . '', 
  that was amazing !, 
  well , france 's [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boyqovcybyq ) this year is actually quite good !, 
  ah , nagylak is already the romanian side , i have no info on that . 
  and as an actual legal translator , your version is really really good !, 
  some cases not matching up etc , but the gist is there really clearly . 
  frequent passenger of the horgos-r\u00f6szke and \u0110ala-tiszasziget borders here . 
  have smuggler acquaintances . 
  ama :d, 
  what ? 
  i pass borders every two weeks and did n't hear about that . 
  horgos-r\u00f6szke 2 did n't open for long after it was originally announced , but i think this was not the root cause . 
  they did permanently close the border at the railway crossing , but it 's more because that 's where the fence goes . 
  also robbed me of an easy , fast and reliable way to visit home . 
  in hungarian there 's zsaru ( no translation , but also the name of their own magazine ) , jard ( from scotland yard ) , k\u00e9k ( means blue , the colour of their uniform ) ... 
  couple more . 
  oh yes . 
  just like the groom himself ? 
  i see you regretted that quickly . 
  this is really beautiful !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  he just increased slovenia 's territory almost fivefold !, 
  all three of them ? 
  do n't you even have hand jokes \u00e0 la leopold i ? 
  or is it more a joke endemic to that one subreddit ? 
   ( for older locals this seems posh and pretentious and snobbish . ), 
  ye , also some of us young ` uns do n't like speaking like that . 
  if we had dy instead of gy our alphabet would be even better at mirroring pronunciation . 
  though it looks weird as shit . 
  damn right , i even referenced it in another comment !, 
  do n't forget ildik\u00f3 !, 
  we seem to be the only ones , and non-germans at that , to keep the name hildegard alive . 
  how it became ildik\u00f3 , though , i do n't know, 
  on a similar note , * j\u00e1cint * is a male hungarian name , though obviously very rare . 
  i do know a guy called j\u00f3zan j\u00e1cint ( sober jacinth ) , which is a really unfortunate combo . 
  as someone who grew up there , i met some ladies called milka , but never dared to ask whether it 's an actual given name , or a nickname ? 
  you have so many weird ones !, 
  i 'm surprised there was n't one already . 
  though it 's a one-trick pony at best . 
  a little bit of a column a , a loooot of column b , perhaps ? 
  ye , also we now have g\u00f6rget . 
  and i think `` leg\u00f6rg\u00f6tt a dombr\u00fa '' had always more been a regional dialect thing than standard hungarian . 
  what is that song about buildings and cats ? 
  songs were not really featured in my school system , and i ca n't remember anything like this . 
  the simple g , like in german amd i think most of you nordics ( not the palatalised swedish one , though , which is basically a j/y ),
