but if you ever get into politics , you should be a man of your word haha . 
  if you get into politics you want to rule the country . 
  no place for honest people there . 
  rotterdam has a lot of drugs coming in . 
  i do n't know about guns though . 
  the people get the government they deserve . 
  if the russians love putin that 's fine . 
  if they 're willing to throw away international respect and trust , their own income and luxuries , that 's all fine by me . 
  they can go right back to the ussr if they 're so inclined ( and they seem so inclined ) . 
  but the world has changed and going back to the ussr is n't going to suddenly , magically turn them back into a superpower . 
  maybe nothing will change internally , but as a non-russian i do n't really give a shit . 
  yeah whatever . 
  when we try to do something we 're empire building . 
  when we do nothing we 're monsters . 
  it would go a long way if the ( mostly economic ) refugees would leave behind their antiquated ideals and very different morals at the borders or atleast attempt to give it a place in our society . 
  sure . 
  i do n't think reddit has a lot of say in the matter though . 
  he cares about peace under his banner . 
  just needs to bring the rebellious territories back into russia 's choking embrace . 
  let 's see . 
  this show scarred me when i was younger so i recall a few scenes . 
  there was obviously one of the first episode where his whole family gets killed by a car . 
  then there 's the episode where alfred and a few of his friends get stuck in a well during winter and almost freeze . 
  then there 's the storyline with dolf , which has already been mentioned . 
  then there 's the storyline where he gets accused of espionage and gets jailed ( for life ? ) . 
  there 's the storyline where there 's a terrorist attack on some ship ? 
  might be related to the espionage storyline . 
  there was one episode where he was happy and that 's when he hangs out with the black girl duck . 
  it 's the only episode i recall where nothing terrible happens . 
  i watched every episode of this show and i always dreaded it . 
  imo not for young kids . 
  it was n't because it was monster scary or anything , but just the things he was faced with ( starvation , freezing to death , family dead , terrorism , espionage , jail ) were so far out of children-league . 
  well he gets to study and he demanded a ps4 instead of a ps3 . 
  so i 'm sure he 's taking it hard . 
  hey that reminds me of another superpower . . 
  probably more because the dutch are demanding some sort of investigation into mh17 but how dare we implicate the innocent russian government who has never invaded any other country in the long long history of the world . 
  it 's amazing how much shit russia gets away with just by saying ` nuh uh it was n't me ' . 
  is it because we have the hague with the international criminal court or is it because we were there when the serbs massacred srebrenica ? 
  and as dutch i do n't give a shit what you think . 
  so what . 
  it does n't work anyway . 
  this is league of nations 2.0 . 
  the whole idea of getting the world to work together has been a crock of shit since the start . 
  there 's no need for the investigation to finish before deciding to have a tribunal somewhere in the future . 
  but sure , the one country that vetoes a tribunal is ofcourse completely innocent because reddit is anti-russia . 
  or whatever . 
  to me as a dutch citizen , the netherlands is always the good boy of the class : always pay our bills , keep national deficit low etc. 
  even when that means that the dutch citizens have less to spend . 
  meanwhile other countries piss away their money , do n't give two fucks about rules and regulations ( france and germany , looking at you ) and our money just kind of disappears while politicians go on and on about how great europe is for everyone involved except anyone i talk to . 
  unity and shit is a great idea , but first i want to be able to pay my own bills . 
  and so far europe has made things more expensive , more bureaucratic , less about my best interests and i have noticed nothing positive we did n't already have . 
  but he did this today of all days . 
  it 's almost like he wanted this to happen . . 
  but it was n't a genocide you guys !, 
  everyone is always very ready to judge europe for genocides , massacres and conquests from centuries ago but when you tell serbia or turkey to admit to a genocide in the 20th century people want us to just let it go . 
  it 's weird that the greeks believed a party that promised them golden mountains . 
  you know politicians lie right ? 
  the more to gain , the harder they lie . 
   get over it already you know that money was n't free right ? 
  that came from other countries that could also use that money because it was a global crisis and not just a greek crisis . 
   his religion should n't be the topic of the debate except when he 's minister of science and religion is known to interfere with science . 
  why do n't you butt in on this topic you have absolutely no fucking say in . 
  secondly , ` we ' did n't do shit . 
  this is politicians squabbling about crap that they put in place and they let fall apart . 
  and all governments have their own country 's best interests at heart . 
  that 's kind of the job description . 
  that 's compared to the rest of humanity . 
  he debunked his own story ? 
  why do you think he fucked off . 
  yeah how dare we give another country money when we 're in an economic crisis too . 
  i wonder if someone is willing to start a court case about it with the file eventually being decrypted and just saying ` fuck you ' . 
  it 's a less friendly place for people in general tbh . 
  someone said greeks are very emotional people . 
  i believe them . 
  dutch formatting . 
  everyone who agrees is a freethinking hero , everyone who disagrees is a circlejerking moron . 
  did n't turkey use the syrian civil war as a means to start fighting kurds , not is ? 
  what did you expect the kurds to do , just sit there and take it ? 
  that might 've worked with the armenians . 
  erdogan is sending syrian refugees back by the busloads and the only reason he gets away with sueing or arresting foreigners critical of him is because europe needs turkey to keep the refugees in check ( which we pay your country handsomly for by the way ) and you absolutely do not . 
  i have absolutely no respect for a country that went from idolizing ataturk to a dictator so quickly and so happily . 
  and all the dutch turks have shown that they would also rather return to turkey than stay in holland . 
  well , nobody is keeping them here that 's for sure . 
  it 's not like they could just be assholes . 
  it has to be the rest of europe 's fault somehow . 
  how you figure sportsfan ? 
  but ... he just got publicity . 
  we 're talking about him right now . 
  he got exactly what he wanted , and all we get is ` oh hey good for us this mass murderer is n't treated like one of his own victims hurray for us ' . 
  saying it was not a political matter was a political move . 
  she must know b\u00f6hmermann is unlikely to get sentenced/go to jail , but she can still appease erdogan with this move . 
  remember that europe needs him to keep all the dirty foreigners out ( / s ) . 
  even though amnesty international [ posted a report ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/press-releases/2016/04/turkey-illegal-mass-returns-of-syrian-refugees-expose-fatal-flaws-in-eu-turkey-deal/ ) saying turkey is sending refugees back to syria by the busloads , against the agreements . 
  but hey , as long as we do n't get a dirty foreigner living next to us . 
  always wonder how they think the shariah law thing is gon na work out for them . 
  the knife cuts both ways . 
  rape a woman ? 
  i can legally stone you . 
  steal from me ? 
  i can legally cut your hand off .
