sure i do n't live there and have limited info , but i can comment on what i see from my point . 
  thank you for providing some info . 
  this is not to discard your opinion , but without knowing anything about you , i have to take your info with reserve . 
  you can be practicaly anyone , saying anything . 
  given how shithole whole syria is , democracy is not an option . 
  thay need a strong leader . 
  say what you want about assad , but it was quite safe to visit a decade ago . 
  now there are too many fractions , terriorists and alltogether hate for one another . 
  amterdam in off season is not that expensive if you go there just to smoke . 
  it would be like the us . 
  there are better and worse places , but we still put them in a same bag . 
  agree , if you free movement of people and can move freerly to france , spain , germany , greece why would you want to illegaly move to other places . 
  it was just added as shorter official name , but a lot of people hate it . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  would love travel and just say i am from eu and nothing more . 
  so technicaly i have dual citizenship ? 
  can i go to us and say i am eu citizen ? 
  would it stand a chance ? 
  good , than uk should win if they decide in court to win . 
  i have not read the documents and am not a legal expert . 
  i doubt eu would be saying they need to pay without having something to back it up . 
  what they say is mostly true , while uk government is quite the opposite . 
  contract is a contract is a contract . 
  you ca n't sign up for a shit and leave in the middle . 
  if you break contract you have to compensate . 
  also you are not leaving prior to constuction or before handing in cash . 
  this has been running for last few years . 
  single market means more of borders for good . 
  since there are trucks , there will have to be borders . 
  the problem is that without access to single market , everything crossing border to eu would have to be checked . 
  borders and customs . 
  us is world police because it 's # 1 in gdp and most of it is by trade . 
  so for them it 's better to spend om military and keep peace around the world . 
  however , it 's excessive . 
  that works for certain positions , but i would not promote anyone who is gone 3 * 12 = 36 days + normal holiday per year . 
  i would need a stable person who i can depend on to be there . 
  africa ? 
  will be a shithole for some time . 
  asia ? 
  with nukes pointed at each other i doubt it will be safe . 
  canada is ok , mexico will have gang wars for years to come , us has a lot of problems inside that they will not be safer . 
  sa is episode on it 's own . 
  australia might beat us . 
  most of the business will come with india and china . 
  the number of people doing business in africa is limited . 
  because if you travel to china , sea , russia , chances are you 're best odd of communicating is english . 
  why learn language that is used in one place almost exclusively ? 
  that when you resort to terrorism , you are not going to gain anything . 
  the end does n't justify the means . 
  boston public shuts down way to early and open in the morning . 
  in prague there 's a tram on most lines doing every 20 or 30 min . 
  no chance in boston . 
  there are a lot of areas there i was warned not to go there after sunset . 
  you do n't have this in prague . 
  a girl was raped on a close by college campus . 
  300m from campus police . 
  now if we talk for expats . 
  i doubt that us can match the social security that are provided to you if you work there and the amount of work holidays you have . 
  i have 25 days +3 sick days . 
  nowhere i was getting even close to anywhere when i applied for jobs in us . 
  agree , i would move to shanghai if i had the chance , because there is something about the city that i love . 
  the smog is awful , public transport decent , poverty everywhere . 
  but i love it . 
  thanks . 
  i understand that vienna would be higher as peague has a lot of problems , but i was expecting it to be closer . 
  as someone who lived in boston , prague and shanghai , europe should beat most of the us and asian cities in top 50 . 
  why is vienna so high and prague so far down ? 
  boston is quite far high also , most of the city is not nice , has awful public transport and trafic that is unmatched . 
  but if you are rich , those are not your problems . 
  but they will leave in few years . 
  do you ask them if they will leave 100 % . 
  they will answer no . 
  if you asked them if they will stay 100 % they will also say no . 
  they are considering their options because they have no idea what the future in uk will look like . 
  my take from this is that the situation is bad , at least this 60 % will leave . 
  nothing more or nothing less to tell the government to be careful what they are doing or people are ready to make a change . 
  that 's it . 
  unless russia know that usa will come to help they wo n't attack nato . 
  germany will never let what happened during a ww2 happen and that means not helping an ally . 
  if germany goes eu goes also . 
  if eu goes , usa will come too , or they will lose any power over eu which i doubt they would do just so russia can take baltic states . 
  what would even russia get from them ? 
  maybe nato is strong enought right now to defend and there 's no need to overblow the problem ? 
  the taxes scale with how big is your income . 
  if you earn little above minumum , you still get all the benefits compared to richer people who pay more . 
  i doubt a lot of americans would not care to pay 20 % total tax from your salary but having free healthcare and no 401k ( you get pension pay from governemt ( not much tho ) ) . 
  bloodhound gang, 
  where can i get the game ? 
  there is no chance it would be cheaper than rice from thailand or vietnam who exports large amount of expensive rice to japan already . 
  spanish rice has no chance in asia i am sure . 
  from what i know about asians , spanish rice has no chance there . 
  they prefer the product they know and will consume it no matter what . 
  thanks, 
  what 's wrong with her ? 
  i do not follow german politics much as she seemed like a fine leader when i am looking around the world . 
  my bad , meant china not canada, 
  yes , if you are anti lgbt there 's no point talking about adopting . 
  however , having a male and female role model at home seems much more natural as they mostly have different traits and provide balance in relationship . 
  when i went to exchange program to us , one of the people i met stayed a year at a lesbian household . 
  he was 15 or 16 and hated it .
