  they would not watch sports with him , he could n't talk to a man about girls etc. . . 
  yes , single parents have same problem , but having both sexes is definitely more healthy in my opinion . 
  no , it always depends how you look at it . 
  parents  no parents 2 parents  1 parent male and female  2 males or females, 
  robotization might be problem for them . 
  they will have large burden of people in my opinion that they will have to feed . 
  eu is much more ready for this . 
  also eu has much stronger middle class compared to us , canada which will be good thing . 
  imho eu is in much better place . 
  it has somewhat stable educated population . 
  china still has a lot of extremly poor regions and uneducated people . 
  with few rich people at the top , i can see china turning into something similar to russia , few selected are rulling the country . 
  with the internet firewall and evertything it 's possible . 
  it was to keep communism out of the world . 
  not just eu . 
  that 's why there was vientam war and korean war . 
  it was your own policy to do anything to stop it and that 's why you started police the world . 
  bases in japan and all over the world . 
  ca n't blame us we did n't do shit because you were hungry to do it all . 
  but gays ca n't have children . 
  they also argue that 2 of same sex could make weird parent as you should have a male and a female role model . 
  lhc !, 
  the place where progress is made !, 
  the stuff that will one day change the world !, 
  ( i mean they will create black hole and totaly change this place ) they vote on everything . 
  they have to have nucler bunker in they homes ( not sure about legislation ) they have weapons at home . 
  their airlines give great chocolate before each flight !, 
  no idea about their girls . 
  traveled a lot , but hardly found anyone swiss . 
  he was greek finance minister few years ago during the talks of greece 's bailout . 
  people did n't like him because he was working for valve ( gaming company ) that has huge online market ( games , items for characters inside games ) that is not regulated ( it is only for legal purposes ) so it 's all about supply and demand . 
  which he studied and wrote a book about . 
  he is also somewhat to the right . 
  i personaly think he is great , smart guy . 
  nobody delives truth nowadays . 
  it 's always propaganda . 
  his , maybe russian , maybe trumps , maybe god knows who 's , but i would take everything carefully . 
  i can tell you for sure that in prague , you can order by waving your hand and speaking hungarian ( worst language ) and still get what you want . 
  funny story , there were tourists taking pictures of celebrating irish at 7am who were kicked out of club and were moving to non-stop bar . 
  2 world war left people not wanting to see that again . 
  we spend a lot of time in school learning history . 
  europe has been non stop fighting for as long as it existed . 
  this created a lot of anti war sentiment . 
  i have worked in shanghai , spend few weeks traveling in china every year as my holiday , learning chinese . 
  about china : i am tall blond guy that has some advantages  , also i feel 100 % safe in china . 
  food is awesome and people are mostly nice , but the problem is they think about themselves first and are not nice to others as in europe . 
  cutting ques , not walking on right side , privacy that we are used to in europe . 
  rest of asia is beautiful , mostly cheap and great people . 
  for me the problem is extremly hot weather . 
  in hk i hated how hot it is outside nad how cold inside . 
  i would get sick there all the time . 
  chinese in europe are a bit of unwelcomed . 
  this goes beyond chinese and can be used for general asians . 
  you want to eat asian food . 
  i have seen many asian traveling with bags full of noodles that they only eat . 
  tourists watch through cameras and not enjoying their time . 
  not in sweden , but i will give perspective so you can compare . 
  it 's cheap , great price for quality . 
  makes shopping easy . 
  however , the material is not that great . 
  sometimes if you make mistake putting it together you are done . 
  if you want to dismatle something and put it back together , it can be pain in the ass . 
  my bad visited a long time ago and brought back a shirt that is still stuck in my memory . 
  no spitting , no littering , well ... a bunch of no 's on it . 
  this was 20 years ago which was much different . 
  my friend from norway is working there now and might visit him next month !, 
  that 's not correct as asia is bigger , has far more issues even when not counting me as asia . 
  japan , china and korea ca n't get over ww2 stuff . 
  a lot of hate . 
  a lot of racism even when they are all asian . 
  this is one of the hardest problems i see eu has to overcome to a point where i believe we are trully united . 
  telling germans , fins and other rich countries they have to give up some of their money to make sure we work as a unit and at the same time not trying to cheat the game and get more money from the others . 
  i for one welcome our german overlords . 
  took them a while to realize you ca n't do that by force , 
  the difference is work force . 
  the cost of material shold be the same , but people in west eu get paid many times more than in east . 
  you have to make up that money somewhere . 
  because they are quite behind and large comapred to western eu . 
  i search for d and move up and czech republic comes up . 
  maybe if you do q and move up ? 
  it would not be your pretty girls naked . 
  it would be dudes around 70 walking naked or obese women . 
  be careful what you want , 
  russia has the potential . 
  good ties with russia would benefit both parties and might put end to `` cold war '' . 
  it might take long , but i hope it will happen one day . 
  this means that referendum was only meant to `` guide '' the parliament how to vote on this . 
  since the vote has been really close and a lot of people voted no when they wanted to remain to show they are unhappy with politics and others learning about eu , the chances are there 's more than 50 % people that want to stay . 
  the party that is pro eu might take as opportunity and not let it pass ( not sure if they have enough power , pleaes correct me ) . 
  therefore i think there is a small chance the referendum might be ignored . 
  17 year old girl is not everyone clearing a bar . 
  she ca n't even drink . 
  also allowing self defense weapons might cause more harm than good . 
  if you get into heated arguemnt and have a weapon , argument can easily turn into a murder instead of few fists being thrown . 
  if you board a plane and inform the airline that you have alergies to nuts , they wo n't serve them . 
  if a 17 year old girl calls them that she does n't feel safe , i doubt they would say no . 
  that would cause so much backlash . 
  and there are there to protect you . 
  they might not drive you home , but somewhere where it 's safe . 
  i know that in some places if you call local police and ask them to drive you home safely because you are not feeeling safe , they wo n't say no .
