  so are tasers , but if you have weak heart , you can die from it . 
  i agree , but we were not in good position to do so . 
  whatever argument before for not joining is gone . 
  apart from people not voting for you in elections , 
  they are correct . 
  it 's good and bad situation . 
  as other people mentioned , a lot of business are hiring because it 's quite cheap to do so . 
  if salaries go up fast , a lot of businesses will have to fire people as it becomes uneconomical to keep them . 
  immigration is here , but not enough and if there is , it 's lowest jobs . 
  problem is we are extremely dependent on germany . 
  i have talked to few people in finance and they compared our situation with germany to unification of germany . 
  i came to agree that if germans decided to help us a lot we could come close to them in ~ 40-50 year . 
  however , if they ditch us soon as we become too expensive we will lose a lot . 
  i disagree . 
  last few years we have eliminated all economical obstacles to join the eurozone . 
  now it 's a political decision . 
  over 2/3 of business is done in euro and we aim to hit 80 % in few years . 
  my personal opinion is to join around 2020 if economy stays on the path it is now . 
  it will cause high inflation of price of products , but hopefully also of salaries . 
  this could push us more away from ee and more towards to west in terms of economy . 
  however , from what i see our politicians do , i am afraid . 
  they asked nicely . 
  we had a great guy who thought it 's great idea and we semi-joined . 
  been like a crazy relationship for few year . 
  we enjoyed spanking , and we did some to them . 
  sadly we had to break up after few years of love-hate relationship and send them home . 
  sad story really . 
   the lowest unemployment rates in june were recorded in the czech republic ( 2,9 % ) , germany ( 3.8 % ) and malta ( 4.1 % ) . 
  if you think this , than i am sorry but that 's not real . 
  the punishment for misslabeling is taking everything back from stores resulting in millions of euros fees . 
  this can put company out of business . 
  selected container that arrives in eu are randomly check by veterinary to certify that what in on the paper is also in the product . 
  my advice is look at the back and see what 's there . 
  educate yourself what all the stuff in the back means . 
  do not trust commercials or what people say . 
  an example . 
  in the past there was a `` big '' story about colorants ( e256 ) or different number and how bad they are . 
  artifial colors and flavors . 
  however , nature colorants are also exxx , but nobody is going to tell you that . 
  you should know what you are buying and check it same way you buy house , car or anything . 
  food is much more important than almost everything else . 
  i ca n't speak for those you mentioned since it 's not what we do , but if our product is nearing bbd ( best before date ) it goes on sale , once it 's past it , we have to get it back from them and destroy it . 
  the reason why they are here is money . 
  kaufland cz pays kaufland ger around 2 % of their turnover for using kaufland brand name . 
  and also local supermartkets would have no chance to survive with small markets alone . 
  the problem in germany vs eastern europe is how much people spend on food every month in % of salary . 
  germany has one of the lowest where in cee can take a good chunk . 
  http://kitchenette.jezebel.com/theres-now-a-map-of-how-much-each-country-spends-on-foo-1600968355 this says uk 9 % germany around 11 % . 
  someone in romania or slovakia might spend 30 % but it still will be lower in euros than germans . 
  as someone in food business in czech and eastern europe , we often compare our product with germany . 
  here is what 's happening : germany has 7x more population than czech , so basicly they can order 7x more . 
  now think of all the deals3 get 1 free , or xxl cheap formats . 
  well if you place bigger order you get better price . 
  eastern europe markets are still following eu regulations . 
  eastern europe markets are corrupt , and supermarkets have higher profits . 
  eastern markets work on `` sales '' , which means that 80 % of good sold in supermarkets is sold when it is on sale . 
  this helped companies like lidl , who do in and outs . 
  that means that buy certain quantity for certain price . 
  no year long contract , no partnership . 
  better quality products are on in supermarkets , but people still buy the cheapest stuff on sale . 
  hell , if some of the questions were about czech history , i would have failed and i like history . 
  i just forgot what was in school and focus on a period that i enjoy . 
  how is it differnt from todays world ? 
  my leaders are 300km away , steal , fuck with country for personal gain , use power for their private companies . 
  hell , babis is using his media to control the public and even looked in live police report . 
  how can we hold him accountable , after everything he has done , it looks like he 's going win even more . 
  so far , eu rule would look much better than our current one here in czech . 
  i never said it 's 100 billion . 
  the amount is to be negotiated . 
  i just said that they have to pay . 
  i think legally is bad choice of words here . 
  even if they were obliged to pay they do n't have to . 
  i believe that projects that are running till 2020 and are based in uk will stay in uk till the end and wo n't move out first day when uk leaves . 
  that 's the problem when you make quick decision without thinking about it 's reprocusions . 
  if you commit to a 4 year project plan , you are expect to pay for it for 4 years . 
  if you do n't pay you bancrupt . 
  there are legal obligations . 
  you might spend a lot , but is the system effective ? 
  that 's what he is talking about . 
  spending a lot on military is nice , but it is effective or is it money pit . 
  and drink them too !, 
  if poland ca n't into space , space will come to poland, 
  i doubt it stopped us with $ 100 bill or china with 100rmb, 
  situation in israel is bit different from eu, 
  just traveled from prague to a little further than amsterdam . 
  in netherlands , you have 100 max during peak hours 7am-7pm than it 's 130 . 
  they are used to it , 
  you are making fun , but getting anything new build in the centre is a nightmare . 
  a lot of places ca n't get air condition because it would ruin the image of prague . 
  elevators , new facade , and any changes has to go through insane amount of approvals and the office who approve these to preserve the prague image do n't like any changes . 
  is n't that only 6 months ? 
  interesting , thanks, 
  vietnamese are second largest foreigner population in czech and i have doubt they would be includede in this . 
  they sure have their own mafia , but probably smaller one . 
  they are working in these shops because that almost all they can do with their education and they get decent living out of it . 
  same as restaurants . 
  the reason they make decent money is tax evasion . 
  if you know prague , you know they own a lot of old houses in prague 2 . 
  they are behind drugs , that 's for sure . 
  they also clean money with their shops and other stuff , but it 's realy easy to miss if you do not know about it .
