  double jeopardy only applies once you 've got a binding ruling , so either when no party appeals or the appeals process is exhausted . 
  common law countries have a somewhat different system because prosecutors are not supposed to be able to overturn not guilty verdicts by juries . 
  he is not ` threatening ' poles , he is predicting what the natural outcome of their actions will be . 
  a 160 letters tweet may not convey a lot of nuance , but that much should be obvious . 
   germany is to big to became a victim of biased western media . 
  hahaha , have you been living under a rock these past few months ? 
   volksverhetzung you literally have to call the polish untermenschen or demand their extermination for that to apply . 
  comparing the tweet to volksverhetzung is pretty close to pulling a godwin . 
   replace `` poles '' with `` egyptians '' or `` muslims '' or something like that and you get a first class shit storm . 
  what do you think you are doing right now ? 
  no , he * was * at one time the poland-correspondent , he left that job more than a year ago . 
  it 's also not `` the '' state run tv station , there are at least two major and an endless amount of minor ones . 
   but i do n't think it could be worse than what they had at home . 
  actually yeah , it could very well be . 
  there are lots of refugees in germany who are forced to live in unheated , unisolated tents rights now , which do n't even have a floor . 
  with temperatures fast approaching the freezing point at night , this is actively dangerous . 
  the news report mass outbreaks of disease , particularly among children , because of these conditions . 
   threat never go full / r/conspiracy . 
  this is a single unknown journalist ( who does n't even belong to any of the news corps listed above ) tweeting in his private capacity . 
  what do you imagine ? 
  him sitting in his warshaw volcano lair , going : ` now you 've done it , polish people !, 
  you have signed your own doom !, 
  with my army of ard drones i 'll first take over poland and then the world !, 
  [ muhaha ] ( https://youtu.be/7edeoeuxdmu ) ', 
  i hope then that you and all your friends keep your mouths shut the next time germans reelect merkel . 
   being anti-immigration , being anti-eu , being hardcore socialist or whatever is not inherently undemocratic no matter how much we disagree with it . 
  none of these are illegal , at least in germany . 
  there are several parties which espouse these views . 
  according to the constitutional court you need to aggressively fight against the liberal democratic order to be outlawed . 
   as long as parties obey by the rules ( not abolishing democracy for example ) obviously they should have a vote in a democracy . 
  and here 's the problem . 
  the nsdap obeyed the rules to a letter , but once they gained power they just voted to change them . 
  if the constitution ca n't be changed , it can be ignored ( russia and turkey anyone ? ), 
  who will stand against you , if the people are on your side ? 
   that way the military etc. 
  would no longer take orders from them . 
  military leaders and other officials who are n't loyal to the new leader can be forced out/imprisoned ( turkey ) or just bribed ( russia ) . 
   of course you need to protect the rights of people , which was the reason i said you could simply outlaw hate speech , inciting violence etc. 
  if the ones who preach hate against minorities control the state , who will prosecute them ? 
  you need to prevent such people from gaining power in the first place , if you want to protect minorities . 
   besides , do you think the world would allow european countries to suddenly turn dictatorship ? 
  the system of militant democracy in germany * is * the `` world 's '' way of not allowing it to happen again . 
  it was set up by the allies in the aftermath of nazi germany , when people still remembered what happens to an open society that does not combat its enemies . 
  the inherent idea of democracy is to give people only temporary power , with the implication that should they rule badly , they 'll lose it again . 
  or in other words , the people are allowed to change their minds . 
  ergo , allowing someone to gain power who aims to abolish the system and rob the people of this option runs contrary to the democratic idea and should not be allowed . 
  in addition , democracy means not only the rule of the majority , but also the protection of the rights of the minority . 
  so obviously the system must be set up in a way to stop the majority from simply voting to abolish these rights . 
  the idea that a democracy has to protect itself from the enemies of democracy forms the framework for a [ ` militant democracy ' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ), 
  but watch out for the [ competition in offroad vehicles . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch_e6ysqqto ), 
  ah yes , a post about a right wing extremist trying to murder a politician is the perfect context for a harmless discussion about parliamentary representation . 
  that style of ' i do n't support these tactics , but ... ' is not typical of extremists everywhere at all . 
  i meant thinly disguised comments like these :  the problem is that you can not vote against migration and you can not vote against merkel at the moment . 
   so what are people supposed to do ? 
  neither have you apparently . 
  the top voted thread is currently busy legitimizing the attack , just as op predicted . 
  brussels is just as good a symbol as strasbourg , since belgium was equally fought over during the world wars . 
  it 's also a french speaking town in a flemish speaking region , symbolizing the plurality of europe . 
  besides , should n't we take into account what the actual members of parliament want , since after all they represent the european people and are also the most affected ? 
  because the meps are quite overwhelmingly [ in favor of staying permanently in brussels ... ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/oeil/popups/ficheprocedure.do?lang=en&amp;reference=2012/2308 ( ini \\ ) ), 
  yeah , let 's just ignore the fact that the parliamentarians themselves do n't like strasbourg and [ want to meet in brussels . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=report&amp;reference=a7-2013-0350&amp;language=en&amp;mode=xml#_part1_def8 ) let 's force the democratic representatives of europe to stay in strasbourg because france is on an egotrip . 
  then it 's a good thing for us that french delivery systems only go in reverse . 
  but i 'm sure vichy makes for a fine capital . 
   it is not like they flew into a foreign country , grabbed a peaceful brown native man off the street and threw him into jail i do n't know about this particular case , but at least for [ khalid el-masri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khalid_el-masri ) that 's pretty much exactly what happened . 
  not surprisingly , that experience left him traumatized and unable to properly function in society . 
  i would n't be surprised if someone who had been subjected to the same inhumane treatment at the hands of western forces decided to join an organization that propagadizes itself as fighting against them . 
   [ my paramount object ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1862/08/24/news/letter-president-lincoln-reply-horace-greeley-slavery-union-restoration-union.html ) in this struggle is to save the union , and is not either to save or destroy slavery . 
  if i could save the union without freeing any slave , i would do it , and if i could save it by freeing all the slaves , i would do it ... what i do about slavery and the colored race , i do because i believe it helps to save this union , and what i forbear , i forbear because i do not believe it would help to save the union . 
  for the south , the american civil war may have been about slavery , but for lincoln and the north the war was a fight against seperatism , not for liberty . 
  her father was a priest with a socialist inclination . 
  voting in the eu council follows a mixed mode : 55 % of member countries , representing 65 % of the population . 
  so no , small countries do n't have an equal weight on the eu . 
  turnabout is fair play . 
  this whole sub has become a german bashing circlejerk , led by british media , after all . 
  there are no more facilities . 
  refugees have been sleeping in the streets because cities ca n't keep up with repurposing buildings and acquiring tents . 
  the only possibility to diffuse the current situation is to redistribute the occupants of the existing facilities . 
  the union chief is talking about separate facilities because the refugees are herded in there under conditions that would be called animal cruelty if they were n't human . 
  the people in these facilities have barely enough place to sleep , no privacy , no place to retreat to , they can not avoid each other 24/7 . 
  if you add the stress of an unknown future , you get a situation in which the most well-balanced people would be drawn into confrontations over the most trivial of matters ( think american prison culture ) . 
  now add religion/different nationalities and you get in-group / out-group behavior . 
  this is n't something new or related to a specific culture . 
  the very same problems happened in the 90s when refugees from the balkans were mixed with ones from russia . 
  and then the conditions were n't nearly as overcrowded . 
   they never do friendships , they only manipulate , manipulate , and manipulate . 
  that is literally every country , ever . 
  countries do n't have friends , they have interests . 
   i think we need an eu intelligence agency . 
  would that eu intelligence agency include uk 's and germany 's secret services ? 
  because both of those countries ' agencies act as daughter agencies to the us ' nsa . 
  yes , i have . 
  the uk is a truly terrifying place to live in . 
  welcome to the new / r/europe . 
  but nobody will pay . 
  when they introduced this tax in germany all link sites besides google immediately shut down . 
  and google only kept those links to sites which agreed to provide the content for free . 
   you ca n't just randomly tow boats to random nations .
