  i have learned to keep my mod-duties and personal reddit use separate . 
  i can be argumentative as a private user , but as a mod i 'm there to enforce a subreddit 's rules and keep the sub clean and the community thriving . 
  so , all in all , i wrote this application because as a fan of this subreddit , i would like to offer my help in keeping it spam free , the rules enforced and the community happy . 
   btw most of our laws 87 % or something like that are made by the government and use of these g.e.o.s is common . 
  you sure your flair should n't read weimar republic ? 
  what 's the reason for so many `` emergency '' orders ? 
  is that a new phenomenon ? 
  because it sounds exactly like what russian propaganda has been saying about ukraine . 
  i 've had numerous people of russian origin argue with me that my relatives are in mortal danger , since they are apparently lynching everybody speaking russian in west ukraine . 
  so , when someone writes an account like yours , i 'm really skeptical . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  i have russian speaking relatives in west ukraine and have been there myself a month ago , speaking russian . 
  everybody was friendly , whether in the city or in the countryside , talked in russian if you spoke to them in that language and could n't care less what your primary language was . 
  heck , i 've seen multiple groups of russian school children enjoying the city centre in lvov . 
   for very good reasons . 
  that 's very , * very * debatable . 
  the idea of google being required to pay some websites for the right to index them , but at the same time the website owners demanding for google to be forced to index them seems completely alien to me . 
  this can only end two ways : either google wins or they just shut down google news in germany . 
  even if [ springer 's plot succeeds ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/debatten/digitales-denken/leistungsschutzrecht-eine-unheilige-scheindebatte-11980457.html ) , everybody , including them , would lose . 
  rulings by top courts are supposed to create legal certainty by settling broad questions that arose in lower courts . 
  if the highest european court makes a ruling that , as the author points out , raises more questions than it answers , that 's strong criticism . 
  furthermore , courts are supposed to interpret the law , not create it ( with the exception of common law courts ) . 
  if a jurist is surprised by a court ruling , that 's a very bad sign . 
  it means that either the jurist does n't know his law or that the court went way beyond the common legal opinions in interpreting it , which happend in this case . 
  in conclusion , the author levels pretty severe criticism on this ruling . 
  you can bet that questions to the president are pre-approved . 
  if the question was asked , putin wanted it to be asked . 
  furthermore it 's not like some random reporter picked up an off the cuff remark , the source for the `` question '' and putin 's statement is itar-tass , the russian state mouthpiece . 
  if they published a whole piece on it , you can be sure that it 's meant to be seen as a symbol for a shift in the state 's views on stalin . 
  it was widely criticised in the german technical community . 
  the * c ` t * alone published [ a long article ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kfyuy ) pointing out the flaws and dangers of this ruling . 
  of course the german mainstream press hailed it , but that was more the result of a flawed understanding of the subject matter and its strong anti-google bias ( the german press is currently in collective litigation against google for a lot of money ) . 
  we now see the results that jurists and it specialists have been warning us about . 
  no , but we should not tolerate intolerance . 
  i think karl popper expressed it best :  unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
   in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
   we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . 
  [ we 're in europe here , mate . 
  so an elected body ` loses out ' to a purely appointed one because it 's somehow less democratic ? 
  heads of state are n't elected , people have very little say in that . 
  the council , constituted out of unelected leaders of the executive , ruling the eu as a legislative , is one of the main reasons for the democratic deficit of the eu . 
  also , parliament exercising a right explicitly granted to it somehow constitutes an usurpation of power ? 
  the treaties instruct the council to respect the outcome of the ep election in their nomination and gives parliament the right to deny candidates . 
  everything has played out as it should . 
  an important precedent has been set and europe has made a big step towards a more democratic union . 
  the parliamentarians have a lot more democratic mandate than any other institution in the eu , including the council . 
  they are the only elected body , everybody else is just appointed . 
  also , what democratic process has been subverted ? 
   it 's legal under eu law though source ? 
   echr the echr has absolutely no relation to the eu and does not enforce or interpret eu law . 
  the echr was created through the european convention on human rights . 
  all eu countries are signatories of the ecohr , but not all signatories are eu countries . 
  bombing a seperatist stronghold and unintentionally hitting civilians next to it is not really on the same level as the execution of prisoners as a negotiation tactic . 
  that is downright hollywood ` evil bad guys ' stuff . 
  watch out , the bayernpartei has already asked for help from putin to hold a ` referendum ' . 
  good luck . 
  i know people who have been trying to get out for weeks . 
  it 's very dangerous to drive due to the roadblocks and separatists check passports at train stations and do n't let anybody local leave . 
  ah , the old reddit [ trolleroo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2728b8/i_found_my_spirit_animal_at_a_very_young_age/chx6kfa?context=1 ) . 
  he means ` conservatism ' as in beat the gays , ignore human rights , control the media , push religion and nationalism , and turn a blind eye on violent xenophobia . 
  if it happened in any other country , the kremlin would be first to brand it as fascism . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  though lukashenka does sound like a woman 's name to anyone who knows russian . 
  in russian women 's family names get an ` a ' appended . 
  http://time.com/95898/wolves-hundred-ukraine-russia-cossack/ russian paramilitary troops operate openly in ukraine . 
  they are paid for and controlled by the kremlin :  in 2005 , putin signed a law reinstating the cossack tradition of service in the russian armed forces . 
  they were given the right to guard the national frontiers and serve alongside the russian police and military as an official militia force with government paychecks . 
   just as in the days of the czars , the command structure of the modern-day cossacks in russia now leads directly to russia 's commander in chief , who holds the exclusive right to award the rank of cossack general . 
  who managed to pull what off ? 
  there were no monitors , no real choice and everybody decried the vote as illegitimate . 
  are you going to ask about north korea voting , too ? 
  this is n't a discussion about whether you can fake an election , that has been done in totalitarian countries since forever . 
  this is whether a small government circle could pull it off in an otherwise democratic country with nobody noticing . 
  and it 's been a week , for arguments how paper voting is more secure see the other comment threads . 
  uhh , are you seriously asking that ? 
  crimea is part of russia because armed men came and took it . 
  as for the rest , nice straw man , have fun arguing with it . 
  great addition to the other greek comment , but could you please not bold everything ? 
  bold font is * very * distracting and should only be used to attract attention to very important parts of a post . 
  for regular emphasis , use italics , but also * sparingly * !, 
   [ the gleiwitz incident ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gleiwitz_incident ) was a false flag operation by nazi forces posing as poles on 31 august 1939 , against the german radio station sender gleiwitz in upper silesia on the eve of world war ii . 
  the goal was to use the staged attack as a pretext with which to invade poland . 
  fun fact : the town of gleiwitz is now part of poland , which makes u/svennibenni 's comment very topical . 
   if a page has changed and you urgently need to expedite the removal of outdated information , you can file a removal request and select the `` remove page from cache only '' option . 
  if you do n't want google to ever display a cached link for a page , use the noarchive meta tag . 
  site owners can force a manual flush of the cache or prohibit caching . 
  the cache also expires on its own after a while . 
  to be fair , they would have violated responsible disclosure if they had posted technical details before the election . 
   we will be providing partial code for our proof-of-concept attacks after the conclusion of the may 2014 european parliamentary elections . 
  if they share their findings with the commission in the meantime ( they have a meeting scheduled with them ) , that would still satisfy responsible disclosure . 
   you 're not estonian ( i assume ) , so you wo n't understand how funny that part is . 
  yeah , i 'm totally clueless . 
  what is it about that party that makes estonians on reddit write such disparaging comments about them ? 
  registering a domain to inform the general public seems to be in fashion currently ( see heartbleed ) , particularly if the results of the research are of interest to the general public . 
   offer other advice besides `` stop electronic voting and go back to paper '' . 
  if the patient is trying to amputate his leg , you do n't give him advice on how to do it less painfully . 
  there 's a reason why the opposition against electronic voting is lead by hackers and computer experts , because it is inherently unsafe and dangerous for a democracy .
