  which is why you choose one politically favorable african country , make a treaty with them ( bribe them ) and tow all vehicles there . 
  you also build a big refugee camp there ( which is cheap in africa ) , so they are returned to humane conditions . 
  this is n't rocket science , australia has successfully followed this policy for years . 
   you also ca n't deport people randomly you need treaties with the home countries which is why you drop them off in the same refugee camp as above . 
  it was their choice to leave their home country , why force them back ? 
   already an european prison camp is a heaven compared to food situation back home . 
  where are you imagining these people are coming from ? 
  the refugees we get either come from turkey ( syrians ) or from north african countries . 
  they are n't exactly famished . 
  in fact they seem to be used to luxury , even [ burning down a shelter ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36487781 ) out of protest against the food they are receiving . 
  you have to remember that the refugees we get are self-selected . 
  only those with financial means are able to pay the traffickers . 
  have i missed something ? 
  has orban been shooting migrants behind our back ? 
  illegal migration is not black and white , either the whole of africa tries to overrun us or noone . 
  it 's always a question of pull and push factors . 
  we have little control over push factors , like civil wars , but we can influence our pull effect . 
  those people who risk their lives crossing the sea do it in the certainty that should they survive the crossing they will land in a world of milk and honey . 
  shatter that dream and their own survival instinct will keep them from the dangerous crossing . 
  first of all , keep the borders closed and advertise the fact far and wide with big posters ala `` you shall not pass . '', 
  for the rest you need a robust military response : tow illegal boats back to africa , immediate expulsion of landed migrants etc. 
  it 's all doable , even humanely ( if you finance some refugee camps in africa to return people to ) , you only need politicians not afraid to actually live up to their responsibility . 
   if they are migrants , they will be repatriated , impossible . 
  [ read the news ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/landespolitik/abschiebung-nach-nordafrika-nur-auf-dem-papier-aid-1.6037029 ) , it will take 25 * years * to deport only the migrants who arrived last year . 
  have you ever looked into what it takes to deport someone ? 
  only the final step itself , transporting a migrant , takes three police officers a whole day . 
  there is n't man-power enough in europe to deal with a continuous migration wave . 
   if they are refugees , they should be accepted . 
  do you want a europe ruled by nationalist governments ? 
  because that 's how you get nationalists elected into government . 
   we still accept a lot and there are still millions and millions of refugees in the middle-east that have n't moved yet well , then have fun accepting them , too , because they wo n't stay there forever . 
  and there is always a new conflict/famine/civil-war starting somewhere in africa or the middle-east . 
   i have n't suggested opening the borders . 
  so you agree with option # 2 ? 
   so the boats as well ? 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  the boats are coming from safe countries . 
  if you close the border like australia , then people stop coming . 
  so no more drowning as well . 
   evil europe not doing anything that was mostly european media , outside hardly anyone cared . 
  besides , a month later the news cycle would move on anyways . 
  so meh . 
   genuinely curious , the death of those people would n't affect you at all ? 
  what death ? 
  are they shelling turkey now ? 
  the people coming to europe are coming from safe countries . 
   nor do you care about our reputation internationally ? 
  really ? 
  i bet australians feel really bad about all that ruined reputation . 
  oh wait , turns out nobody cares . 
   but some people actually want drowning muslims so why are you proposing a plan that would * increase * the amount of drowned refugees ? 
  if you start an official eu-wide acceptance and redistribution program everyone and their mother will try to make the crossing from africa on any kind of floating vehicle they will find . 
  if you really wanted to stop the drowning , why are you not proposing ferries that ship anyone who wants to come to europe from major african ports ? 
  ironically , it 's exactly the closing of the borders that has reduced drowning in the mediterranean , since it removed the incentive to cross over in the first place . 
   migrants are returned to the country of origin . 
  have you been following the news at all ? 
  even if you get african countries to accept people without documents , there is not man-power enough to deport even a fraction of the wave you would produce by opening the borders . 
  you know without free movement people will be much more hesitant to commit to moving to britain . 
  having to apply for a may-issue permit and then the subsequent , permanent uncertainty of staying on a revocable residence status would discourage britain as a living destination . 
  what are you alluding to ? 
  europeans can [ travel to ukraine visa-free ] ( http://mfa.gov.ua/en/consular-affairs/entering-ukraine/visa-requirements-for-foreigners ) , it 's only the other way around that requires a visa . 
  no , you may have a ` debit ' mastercard , but that 's just a credit card with a credit limit equal to the size of your checking account . 
  they are an invention of your particular bank , not mastercard inc. 
  maestro cards are [ real debit cards , ] ( http://www.maestrocard.com/gateway/about/index.html ) developed by the scheme , like v-pay and the german girocard . 
  you , as a consumer , may not notice the difference between a limited credit card and a debit card , but for merchants these are two entirely different types of cards and depending on their acquirer contracts and business decisions they may accept one but not the other . 
  mastercard is a credit card brand , maestro is the debit card brand of the same company . 
  a lot of shops in germany do not accept credit cards , only debit cards , which is why mastercards are declined but maestro is accepted . 
  according to erdogan 's lawyer he would [ recommend an appeal ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/jan-boehmermann-recep-tayyip-erdogan-verklagt-mathias-doepfner-a-1091494.html ) should they lose . 
  the european parliament [ tries to do that ] ( http://m.euractiv.com/details.php?aid=515651 ) , but france threatens legal action over even [ small session changes ] ( http://m.euractiv.com/details.php?aid=503113 ) . 
  as long as the council has to vote unanimously on that matter , nothing will change . 
  first godwin and now this immaturity ? 
  please just stop . 
  yeah , but come on , you have to draw the `` crazy fringe '' line somewhere . 
  while there is still some sympathy for the raf in the general population , nobody takes * these * guys seriously . 
  i think the confusion stems from umbama being british and not knowing that raf in this context does not stand for royal air force , but for the [ red army faction ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction ) . 
  no , he is not forcing you to do anything . 
  he is offering you money , double-as much as you would otherwise get , to work for him . 
  you also get free time on another day in exchange . 
  still do n't like it ? 
  choose another employer . 
  this is all about choice , you want to limit my choice in how i get to spend my sunday , the choice of people who 'd like to make extra money on that day and the choice of shop owners to adapt their opening hours to their customer 's needs . 
  and for what ? 
  so do n't work on sundays , it 's not like anybody is forcing you to either . 
  for goodness sake , nobody forces you to buy stuff on sundays . 
  but as a starving , single student i just want to get some products to cook me a meal . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  hooray for maritime climate . 
  if you had a private telephone in the sssr , you were either rich or had good connections . 
   the performance difference comes in the firmware controlling the card . 
  [ citation needed ] given the importance of speed in a game , a system used for gaming can shut down textures , shading , or rendering after only approximating a final output -- in order to keep the overall frame rate high . 
  the algorithms on a cad-oriented card tend rather to complete all rendering operations , even if that introduces delays or variations in the timing , prioritising accuracy and rendering quality over speed . 
  til, 
  they in fact do . 
  [ nvidia quadro ] ( http://www.nvidia.com/object/workstation-solutions.html ) and [ amd firepro ] ( http://www.amd.com/us/products/workstation/graphics/pages/workstation-graphics.aspx ) . 
  not arrest , but he definitely should lose his job . 
  being a civil servant requires one to champion the liberal democratic order based on the constitution at all times . 
  having a civil service that is n't loyal to the republic is the way to weimar . 
  italy is only 10 years older than germany , greece 49 . 
  that is if you ignore the entire 1000 years of the hre and only count from the post-napolionic unification .
