  so e-voting experts participated in a conference on e-voting during their stay in tallinn as election observers ? 
  that 's hardly evidence of foul play . 
  that the conference was organized by the opposition is also hardly surprising , after all it 's their job to be critical of the government and the integrity of the election process is in their own best interest . 
  yes , you hand in your results to a central counting place , but it 's hard for them to manipulate the results afterwards and remain undected . 
  you , as a poll worker , hand in your counting sheets to the county election commission . 
  you can afterwards compare your result to the one published by the county . 
  the county then hands in the tally to the state commission . 
  if the state manipulates the tally , they wo n't match the county results . 
  the state reports to the country commission . 
  again , if the country commission manipulates the tally , they wo n't match the state results . 
  that way you leave a very big audit trail , with the results going through many hands , who each can check that their results were entered correctly . 
  in the end , you can sit down and manually tabulate the published results of each county , because those would be the most difficult of all to manipulate ( bribe hundreds of county officials country-wide ) . 
  if the tabulated votes and the country commission 's published results do n't match , you would have enough material to raise the hue and cry . 
  compare that with electronic voting , where you have to trust the central counting place completely , with only a handful people being able to ( hopefully ) judge the accuracy of the results . 
  [ you can see for yourself ] ( https://estoniaevoting.org/team/ ) that the team behind the study are real experts with backgrounds in election monitoring . 
  they were also not paid by any party , they received two grants by the us national science foundation :  this material is based upon work supported by the u.s. national science foundation [ ... ]  travel and accommodations for the international observers during the october 2013 voting period were paid for by tallinn city council . 
  the only requirement for that arrangement was that we observe the election . 
  since that time , we have not accepted any financial support from within estonia , and we have not been in communication with any parties within estonia . 
  here 's their response to the election commission : https://estoniaevoting.org/press-release/response-national-election-committees-statement/, 
  thereby centralizing all power in very few hands . 
  before , you had to bribe hundreds to thousands of poll workers to falsily the count , now you just need one strategically placed person . 
  i do n't know how it 's in your country , but here in germany you can volunteer as a poll worker . 
  that way you can make sure the votes in your voting place are counted correctly . 
  or you could always just act as a private election observer an watch as the ballots are counted . 
  here 's the security researchers ' response to the commission : https://estoniaevoting.org/press-release/response-national-election-committees-statement/, 
   is moving the parliament a real debate anyway ... ? 
  yes , [ france even sued ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/future-eu/france-wins-case-split-strasbour-news-516631 ) the parliament when they tried to circumvent the requirement to hold the sessions in strasburg . 
  because these activities are designed with heavy logging and reproducibility . 
  if money suddenly went missing from your account you would notice immediately and logs could be pulled showing exactly who took what and when . 
  voting works completely differently . 
  it should be anonymous so logging has to be limited by design and it 's not ` deterministic ' , you ca n't , from looking at a voting result , say whether it was manipulated or not ( particularly for small changes that tip balances ) . 
  paper voting is extremely hard to manipulate undetected , it literally leaves a paper trail and you would have to ensure thousands of poll workers keep quiet . 
  all big elections are also monitored by international observers . 
  what do you need to manipulate electronic voting ? 
  one bribed sysadmin or a skilled hacker and no observer would even suspect a thing . 
  just ask yourself , next time you get a slimy politician as pm who just keeps on winning elections by slim margins , how sure can you be of the results ? 
   but you are correct , the newspaper should n't have been allowed to publish that information in the first place . 
  and in germany it would not have been . 
  [ wrong . 
  seriously , go read an introduction to public law book and stop embarrassing yourself . 
  this is first semester stuff . 
  if the parliamentarians felt forced , they had a very easy way to show it , stay home . 
  the very fact that they showed up to vote the new government into office legitimizes it . 
  did the west support the euromaidan ? 
  yes . 
  but it was the people of ukraine who stood up to yanukovych , who protested for months , through the ukrainian winter and despite violence and intimidation , and who remained victorious in the end . 
  if you want to haughtily dismiss the people as just pawns being played by the west and russia , so be it . 
  the parliament consists of 447 deputies . 
  371 is a clear majority any way you dice it . 
  also , nobody was purged , almost half of the party of regions deputies left the fraction and have become independents . 
  rights do n't end , they are balanced . 
  i 'm not commenting on how i 'd balance them in this case . 
  i 'm criticizing the court for acting against the wrong target . 
  this should have ended with the case against the newspaper . 
  there the balancing decision has been made . 
  by ruling against google they opened a huge can of worms that i addressed in my original post . 
  the right to free speech also enjoins the state from interfering with access to said speech . 
  google is probably the main way the newspaper site is accessed . 
  removing the newspaper link effectively censors the newspaper content . 
  big media companies , sure . 
  though it would be hard to fight even for them . 
  first of all , you may not even know why you vanished from the search results . 
  what if google just ignores your requests for an explanation ? 
  and who do you sue to be included again ? 
  the one who complained to google ? 
  is there even a right to be included that you could sue over ? 
  this may well evolve into a new way of covertly silencing inconvenient bloggers . 
  you ca n't sue them without negative pr , but you could get them silently removed from the search results , thereby erasing them from the net . 
  only if google is willing to fight it every time , which they wo n't if it costs too much money . 
  in that case , some intern will monitor the complaint inbox and remove every index entry that could be infringing if the letter came from a lawyer . 
  imagine youtube 's complaint system extended to the entire google search . 
  i do n't like such a future ... 
  i do n't agree with this decision and it should be noted that the court went against the recommendation of its own advocate general in this case . 
  the plaintiff had already tried to sue the newspaper to remove the offending article and lost . 
  that means putting the article on the internet is legal . 
  forcing google to remove the link therefore infrindges on the newspaper 's affirmed right to free speech . 
  this ruling also harms the internet as a whole . 
  google , as a monopoly holding company , should be encouraged and required to act as neutrally as possible regarding its search results . 
  this ruling , however , positions google as a gatekeeper who ca n't rely on an indexing privilege to shield themselves from requests for censorship . 
  the kievan government was voted in by parliament . 
  the ` government ' of donetsk is literally an armed gang that took over government buildings . 
  not exactly , for example latvia and estonia did n't recognize the russian minority on their territory as citizens and [ required them to go through a naturalization procedure ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_the_baltic_states#citizenship ) that was widely regarded as discriminatory . 
  [ direct link to the study . 
  ] ( https://estoniaevoting.org/findings/ ), 
   alstom , a train-making company , failed to deliver that 's completely typical of them . 
  hamburg has been waiting for years for them to finally start delivering new subway trains . 
  year after year they come up with new excuses why they have to postpone delivery yet again . 
  btw , nice write up , but could you try not to turn whole paragraphs into links ? 
  it makes them hard to read . 
  probably ussr citizenship . 
  problem is , that ceased to exist from one moment to the next and every ex-republic made up their own rules who would get local citizenship . 
  this has also lead to problems for emigrants . 
  there was a case here in germany when a father could n't get german citizenship for his kids because they could n't prove that there was n't some ex-republic that still considered them citizens . 
  germany has an extremely weird ( and wasteful ) mix of private and state run healthcare but in practise it does n't matter since for the individual citizen it almost works like nationalized healthcare . 
  rifles are often less regulated because you ca n't concealed carry them on the street , so that less crime is committed with them . 
  no , that 's code * mixing * . 
  code switching means switching between languages or dialects to signal a certain social status , while code mixing is just randomly throwing english words into normal german . 
   linguistic monoculture is not . 
  have you been in brussels ? 
  it 's a fucking nightmare when politicans decide to speak their own language .
