it is different because a mayors powers are usually not comparable to those of a pm . 
  the migrants in the story are mainly from iraq . 
  almost all of the ones in finland are because there are relatively many other iraqis already here . 
   `` he had already travelled from tornio to the capital helsinki almost 750 kilometres ( 465 miles ) south , and then back up to the tornio border again to return to sweden . '', 
  i could n't find any mention of him being a muslim . 
  i may have just missed it though . 
  also , quite many predominantly muslim cultures are ok with alcohol even when it 's officially illegal . 
  you just gave me a great idea for a couples costume for halloween . 
  gon na go tell my gf right away . 
  wish me luck !, 
  i agree that religion or any other ideology should never be beyond criticism . 
  do n't blame all of us leftists for these fascist censorship ideas though . 
  they are historically present with the right in power too . 
  well they chose to come up here so they are n't expected to be the brightest . 
  maybe it could just make a small turn under estonian waters and then lead back to finland ? 
  that should make it cheaper . 
  i do n't think that rule has much to do with immigration really . 
  they support multiculturalism in practice by offering tv and radio content in minority languages such as swedish , sami and english . 
  actually getting more and more `` surrounded '' by nato would probably help putin with his internal support . 
  [ ] yes , become east-norway, 
  it 's actually not unheard of that some fundamentalist christians still think that a husband should be allowed to rape their wife . 
  i 'm sure they think the violence is ok even without it being sexual . 
  there 's some pretty fucked up shit in all of the abrahamic religious texts . 
  i 'll probably vote for the pirates again . 
  not because i think they should be running things but to have just one guy in the parliament that might know and talk about issues like open government , patents and copyright . 
  especially medical patents since their cost is mostly paid by all of the tax payers . 
  they were surprisingly close to getting a member in last time so i 'm hopeful they will get in next time . 
  there are homeless people in finnish cities . 
  you actually have to be mentally healthy and do a little bit of work to get the bare minimum benefits so some manage to fall through the cracks in the system . 
  we probably have our own fine christian finns doing something similar already . 
  i 'd probably do that if someone paid me 11 000 $ : /, 
  the same thing has happened in europe for hundreds of years as part of russification . 
  now it 's easy to see how the result has been used as a justification for hostile occupation in ukraine and georgia . 
  you do n't need immigrants to have a multicultural society . 
  there are many cultures and subcultures already present in finland and the law makes sure they all get their share of the publicly funded programming . 
  you can clearly see that in practice this means having tv and radio content available also for the swedish speaking and sami cultures . 
  we 're talking about times with very little or no written history . 
  vikings were likely expanding to an area with already existing sami people . 
  it 's not exactly clear how far south sami were in sweden back then but they are believed to have at least inhabited most of finland . 
  sapmi and sweden overlap if you use modern borders and definitions . 
  they were within the areas of modern sweden , norway and finland before the ethnic swedes , norwegians or the finns . 
  actually they were likely pushed up north by the new immigrants such as the swedes . 
  yes . 
  the same thing happens with many less secular christians compared to the rest . 
  not sure about secular arab birthrates though . 
  of course not all children with muslim parents become muslim and not all children with secular parents stay secular etc. 
  so it 's hard to say what the cultural impact is going to be in the end . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  he might mean the difference between religious and secular people too , since religiousness often correlates with high birthrates . 
  you are making a comparison between muslims and europeans . 
  it makes you sound a bit ignorant as one of them is a group based on religion and the other is based on location . 
  the two groups also overlap quite a lot . 
  cans are much easier to carry with you . 
  if you need to walk somewhere with 20 beers , bottles are not worth it . 
  navy is not irrelevant when helsinki and the surrounding areas have 1/5 of the population and most political leaders in it . 
  even a small navy could blockade saint petersburg and prevent any major naval attacks from kaliningrad . 
  or they could just use boats . 
  just zoom out a bit and you 'll see the rest of europe and all the snow-furries . 
  if you do get in trouble for it , you can always try to claim that it was performance art . 
  i like how finland 's 7,4 billion seems to be nothing but mobile games . 
  just like the biggest cults on the planet . 
  if you 're not the right kind of christian/muslim/whatever , you 're spreading heresy . 
  yes but it could still partly explain some of the percentages in certain countries . 
  fighting `` for your country '' also has a very different meaning if there is a single dominant culture and nationality throughout the whole country . 
  it becomes quite similar to fighting for your way of life or cultural values . 
  what 's the deal with all european maps always cutting the nordics in half . 
  realms of men also reach the areas north of the wall , you know . 
  well might be if you want to build a nuclear drone ... 
  might be partly because there 's less trade with russia . 
  effects finland much more than most of the others on that list . 
  just the additional civilian sighting . 
  the original sighting was real . 
  `` stop nazi . 
  islam is me . '', 
  punapersmulta . 
  while i agree with you , i also agree that they `` could get things done '' as / u/michaelnewmann said . 
  that 's what 's really scary about the possibility . 
  no matter how you feel about their views , the left alliance actually has a lot of real political opinions on their ads as opposed to pretty much all the others . 
  most of the other candidates just write a few positive words on their ads that have no connection to any actual political issues . 
  that 's what the southerners call it , yes . 
  helsinki is south of the wall though so it 's understandable . 
  not true north . 
  a lot of app development in finland too . 
  i 've got a few test phones lying on the desk all the time and switch them every now and then to use different os etc. 
  also , it 's easier when you can use android with the wife , ios with the girlfriend and windows phone when you participate in underground criminal activities . 
  nice try . 
  you just want a base to use for your crusades again . 
  it pretty much goes together with them having a lot of muslim population . 
  they see muslims day to day so it 's harder to hold on to untrue stereotypes . 
  colonialism might play a part there too . 
  they used to have a lot of muslim countries in their empires and thus share some of the same culture . 
  so netanyahu is complaining about foreigners trying to affect a country 's internal politics ? 
  haha . 
  that 's what we want you to think . 
  the sad thing is that bad economic situation and desperation tends to make extremist views more popular and makes it easier for politicians to use it to their advantage . 
  hopefully russians will blame putin and the oligarchs and not just go full nationalitard as a result . 
  yes , there certainly are much worse alternatives . 
  i just hope they do n't make it seem equal to things like wind or solar power in these studies . 
  from [ the document linked as source  ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6734513/8-10032015-ap-en.pdf/3a8c018d-3d9f-4f1d-95ad-832ed3a20a6b )  renewable energy sources cover solar thermal and photovoltaic energy , hydro ( including tide , wave and ocean energy ) , wind , geothermal energy and ** all forms of biomass ( including biological waste and liquid biofuels ) . 
  ** so i would say finland is n't really doing as well as the percentage would lead you to think .
