  yeah in the uk poles are seen as more productive workers than us natives . 
  especially in low income jobs . 
  actually it it generally a mix between french , german and spanish . 
  however due to the prevalence of english as a global language most students do n't come out of the education system speaking a second language . 
  vatican city seemed to work for me, 
  what do you mean by isolating ? 
  ok you are getting down voted so i 'll add my voice to yours . 
  as a brit , the social service here is pretty sensible and in the vast majority of cases when a child is put into care it is because they are in serious danger of being mistreated . 
  this case sounds like it could be an anomaly but we do not have all of the facts about the mothers medical condition. , so i am in no position to pass judgement . 
  why not ? 
  do you not allow , buddhists and sikhs to build their temples in iceland even if they own the land their building on ? 
  i feel ashamed of how childish my government behaves on the world stage today . 
  ( british ), 
  another reason is that countries like italy have had far less military involvement in `` muslim '' middle eastern countries . 
  www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn01764.pdf this is a parliment document detailing the current status of uk voting rights . 
  it seams that the european cort of human rights has forced the uk to change but the uk is doing so as slowly as possible and at the moment many prisoners still do not have the right to vote . 
  it 's easy to read and all of the relevent information is in the first two pages . 
  it 's actually the same in the uk . 
  going to prison is seen as being taken out of society and as such loosing the right to have a say in how society is run . 
  yes !, 
  i still ca n't believe how many lib dems are still in the house of lords . 
  dwps annual budget is bigger than the economies of portugal and greece . 
  the largest proportion of that money goes to people who ca n't work , i.e. 
  pensioners and the disabled . 
  the job seekers allowance is a tiny part of the budget but somehow people think it is huge . 
  but i do n't see how we can stop free movement of people without getting rid of the good friday agreement . 
  also it 's terrifying how it 's being hijacked by the tory right . 
  may - anti human rights , pro mass surveillance . 
  gove - thinks the northern ireland peace agreement is wrong and that we should have taken it by force . 
  andrea leadsom - very religious and far right on social issues , anti gay marriage . 
  stephen crabb - has funded gay cure company in the past . 
  irish passport incoming , 
  for that i would place the blame squarely on or disgusting tabloid press which loves to stir the shit and many people ( especially the elderly ) believe . 
  and not the african , caribbean and asian commonwealth countries ... 
  the leave voters keep talking about the commonwealth but it is largely thinly disguised racism against eastern europeans in my opinion, 
  yes of course work in private companies is important . 
  but i would argue that decision making that affects the direction and future of 27/28 nation states is as important . 
  so much scientific development and economic prosperity has been lost doe to the carelessness of politicians . 
  the eu also has to attract the beast and brightest ( including bilingual , trilingual ) as it is our highest level of representation . 
  and a huge amount of the doctors and nurses educated in britain emigrate because the nhs has become a horrid place to work . 
  which is why we need these immigrant surgeons , doctors and nurses, 
  it 's only recovering because the markets are assuming we 're staying in the single market . 
  if we prevent free movement of people as the leave voters wanted then we will have to leave the single market . 
  if that happens then you can expect absolute chaos on the markets . 
  no it would n't . 
  the markets were artificially inflated as remain was seen as likely . 
  the market corrected after the vote , but there is a lot of uncertainty about the uk government 's position due to the political turmoil and nothing is going to change in the short term . 
  as soon as there is concrete evidence that the uk is leaving the eu and the conditions for it ( leaving the single market potentially ) then the markets will nose dive and there will be a massive fall in foreign direct investment . 
  right . 
  so russia 's agenda for a multipolar world and the asymmetric warfare in ukraine was just a coincidence ? 
  the funding of le front national and other anti eu parties by the kremlin is just coincidence ? 
  we still match the 3 % of gdp requirement . 
  he was quoted a couple of years ago as saying that the reason he despised the eu so much was because when he asked westminster to do something , they did it . 
  when he asked the eu to do something , they ignored him . 
  this last week has been one of the worst weeks ever for democracy in my country . 
  trust me . 
  ours our saltier . 
  ( british student ), 
  hell , i think that scotland has every right to join the eu as an independent state and show england how bigoted and small minded they can be . 
  and i 'm english . 
  i 'm graduating with a physics degree in a couple of years and i 'd quite like to emigrate into an english speaking eu country ( ireland/scotland ) . 
  i 'm expecting a large brain drain from the uk . 
  honestly . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i 'd hazard a guess that it 's the influence of our disgusting tabloid culture , which oozes xenophobia . 
  nope , not worth it . 
  i have a work placement in the civil service starting in september which will be much more interesting now . 
  but once i graduate from a physics degree in two years i plan on taking my skills abroad . 
  i have no desire to be stuck in a country with low graduate employment , stagnant wages , high taxes , xenophobia and neither do any other people in my position . 
  there is going to be a massive brain drain from the uk in the next couple of years . 
  how about cardiff !, 
  really ? 
  i just thought russia was crap ... 
  i did n't understand the hype . 
  ukraine on the other hand in my opinion was passionate and imaginative . 
  i did n't even know they were scottish . . 
  the city is actually quite pro brexit now and hiring has increased in anticipation of leaving . 
  many financial firms are looking forward to less regulation ... 
  coal power plants release more radiation into the local environment than nuclear plants . 
  this is in addition to the toxic fumes produced by coal power plants , which have links to cancer , dementia , asthma and numerous other conditions . 
  are you well educated in this ? 
  do you have a physics degree ? 
  gas , much more efficient and less polluting than coal , especially the type of coal used in germany . 
  they know that already , it does n't mean they wo n't try to keep up the charade to save face . 
  but surely that would only be solved by improved education in those areas ? 
  people genuinely seem to think that there is some magical wall stopping us from trading with the likes of australia etc. ... 
  i mean they 're half a world away but that 's not the eus fault . 
  they think that as soon as we leave we 'll suddenly be able to trade with nations outside the eu ... . . 
  which we do already . 
  also i do n't know how this data was collected . 
  it could include people under the age of 18 ... . 
  it could also include eu citizens residing in the uk . 
  seriously this needs to be pushed higher up the government 's agenda . 
  since more and more people are renting instead of buying stronger rental protections should be a vote winner . 
  he receives a very handsome mep salary and he used to be a commodities trader in the city . 
  if he is skint it 's of his own making . 
  farage has said that he would have no choice but to return as head of ukip if the government went for a soft brexit . 
  if it happened it could be interesting because it might split the tory vote more than labour this time . 
  we had really high young people turn out this election . 
  true but dup hold all of the power in a coilition .
