wow thanks for doing the leg work . 
  i probably picked that idea up from your linked bbc article . 
  due to eu law the eu headquarters of a corporation has to be in the same country as the majority of it 's customers . 
  ( or something similar ) for example r.b.s. 
  and insurance companies would have to move to england because the majority of their customers are in the rest of the uk . 
  edit : this is just the gist of what i understood from the media . 
  as other redditors have pointed out it could well be wrong, 
  he is against it because junker has said publicly that he would not let britain renegotiate anything . 
  therefore if junker wins there will be a lot of pressure on cameron to support exiting the eu . 
  yes that is exactly what i 'm saying . 
  however it is not as though we 're worse than most other eu countries when it comes to the eu election turnout . 
  only 30 % voted in eu election with ukip getting 27 % . 
  in general elections around 60 % of people vote . 
  anyone who wanted to vote ukip would have made sure to do so at the eu elections . 
  therefore they will get a much smaller percentage of the total vote at the general election ( around 9 % -12 % ) . 
  most brits see the uk as separate from europe , europe is some big landmass in that direction that like to tell us what to do etc. 
  scottish and other eu students pay the same amount as english students at uk universities . 
  # 9000 per year . 
  i think it is a pr thing . 
  normally we use capital letters for acronyms e.g. 
  ussr , but in ukip 's case only the uk is capitalised hence emphasising the country ( nationalism ) . 
  what do you consider to be your capital ? 
  yeah but it pushes up the prices of the average home in london . 
  with house prices going up . 
  yes that harms almost all people that want to get on the housing ladder near london . 
  there are problems though ; most of which are due to our immigrants not coming from a neighbouring country whose culture we can relate to easily , but from countries which are continents apart and they arrive in such large numbers that conflict arises . 
  when people arrive in these numbers they do n't have to integrate as they can find employment and social interaction within their own community . 
  when this happens , especially when making government social and foreign policy there there are problems as the view of the native population rarely fits the view of the immigrant population . 
  accommodating the immigrants view in government causes shifts in the politics of the native population ( normally to the right ) because they feel that their morals/principles are being changed to accommodate people who moved to this country of their own free will . 
  there are streets of london that have the highest prices in the country which are nearly uninhabited because they are held as assets by foreign investors and are left to rot . 
  [ http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jan/31/inside-london-billionaires-row-derelict-mansions-hampstead] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jan/31/inside-london-billionaires-row-derelict-mansions-hampstead ) there is next to no social integration by certain minorities and families of second and third generation immigrants often actively send their children to the same schools , so some schools are 80 % non ethnic-british . 
  this stagnates integration and creates division and segregation in the communities it affects . 
  [ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/8806977/london-being-turned-into-apartheid-era-johannesburg-says-head.html ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/8806977/london-being-turned-into-apartheid-era-johannesburg-says-head.html ) ( of course the title for the article above is an exaggeration ) note i am not a londoner but i have family there and have ~ ~ lived ~ ~ worked there in the past . 
  edit : a word, 
  this . 
  the leaders of the westminster parties are fishing for votes by making statements calling for pmq reform, 
  ether a training exercise was taking place or a drugs bust/anti gang operation was taking place ( probably ) . 
  it is possible that they were on standby in case of a major incident at one of the football grounds ? 
  but will the uk support it !, 
  its just a bit of `` hey , look at how great we are . 
  we 're better than our neighbours '' . 
  also , i think that the brits see the economic recovery as a competition , whereas the french see it as cooperation towards a goal . 
  if any frenchmen want to correct me , feel free . 
  murdoch has said publicly that he wants the uk to leave the eu ; therefore there will be a lot of media pressure on voters to leave the eu . 
  the uk has always been very keen on an active policy when it comes to foreign affairs and so will almost always try to spearhead policy when it can both in the eu and at the un . 
  that 's a great idea !, 
  hey ireland , do you fancy joining us ? 
  thank you for sharing . 
  haha , his description is a bit over the top . 
  most russian media spouts drivel ( in my opinion ) and is very nationalist and patriotic . 
  in general i would say that the majority of a population in a country believes whatever `` news '' the media in the country broadcasts . 
  based on these assumptions i would say that the russian public in general are very patriotic , they have an inherent distrust of europe and the anglophone world and they use policy mistakes in the west to reinforce negative stereotypes . 
  please comment , this is just my current opinion and i would like to see what the situation looks like from your perspective ( with relation to the media ) . 
  europe is much more densely populated than the us so having 1,000 per day being caught by italy alone is more problematic . 
  there must be others that get through and we do n't know how many come through spain / greece etc. 
  right so the ottoman empire was never a thing ... : / using putin 's logic crimea should belong to the tatars and anyone that does n't want to do what they want to do should leave the country . . 
  hi could you please qualify , i have n't heard of any `` disarmament crusade '' . 
  edit : a word, 
  well , british retirees will pump more # into the bulgarian economy per capita than the average bulgarian . 
  i could see this leading to higher wages and quality of life in bulgaria in the near future . 
  try messaging the mods requesting a sticky, 
  no , but he has temporary russian citizenship ( 1 year ) and would therefore be affected . 
  well scotland has some pretty strong nordic roots . 
  maybe , but this debate is at clegg 's invitation and i do n't think he will be as weak as you expect . 
  he knows what farage is capable of . 
  i agree that renewables should make up a much larger part of our energy mix , however i think we need to invest in new nuclear power stations to help meet demand while weening europe off russian gas . 
  you 're german so you probably disagree with me , but i think it 's our best option for energy security . 
  i had n't thought of it like that . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i recently met someone from latvia who identified as being russian working in the uk . 
  is this a common idea amongst ethnic russians in your country ? 
  me neither . 
  but considering his entire political career is based on him being a `` strongman who stands up to the west '' . 
  i think that he might have had some problems internally if he did nothing . 
  i 'm just trying to workout what the russian government are thinking . 
  of course . 
  i think the european media is at least partly to blame here . 
  as soon as there were any russian troop movements in crimea there were cries of it being the 1930s all over again , or oh no the soviet union is back . 
  people forget that a lot of russia 's prosperity during it 's `` golden age `` was due to the black sea fleet . 
  the potential loss of the fleet has huge symbolic significance in russia . 
  i do n't know but a lot of people from eastern ukraine are ethnically russian . 
  when ukraine was part of the ussr many russians emigrated to ukraine . 
  in the ussr media due to the russianisation of ukraine , ukraine became known as `` new russia '' . 
  i thought this might help . 
  tldr : many people in eastern ukraine had russian great grand-parents and are ethnic russian . 
  9 now, 
  agree to disagree , i 'd say the scots culture is unique , as is catalonia 's but that catalonia 's culture is not more so . 
  well scotland is a country , and that is recognised by the uk government , as are england , wales and ni . 
  the geographical area that is modern scotland was independent for thousands of years . 
  the uk has always been a country of countries . 
  if anything the uk is a blueprint of what some want the eu to become . 
  catalonia is not recognised as a country by the spanish government . 
  this is how i understand things from an english perspective . 
  one word . . tabloids . 
  the tabloid press in the uk has been all over holland 's affair , to such an extent the the french media has been discussing the way the british press has covered the story . 
  i think that if the eu boarders grow beyond europe one of the first members could be tunisia . 
  as hard as it is to believe , thacher knew what she was doing . 
  whereas palin did n't have a clue . 
  i dunno , its culture innit . 
  actually the way he phrased it was perfectly acceptable .
