dimension sent that in a new me !, 
  as a new zealander in the netherlands i am both constantly trying to distance myself from british and also mildly happy about brexit , amsterdam is going to be so nice in two years !, 
  eeeek , children in cages is possibly not the best way to have children ... 
  you never know , ive played wallenstein . 
  crazy things could be going on , maybe its just the nerve centre but really the armies are being amassed behind mars . 
  its funny as i would have though this would be a big deal everywhere that germany invaded but it seems to only be a big deal where it started . 
  are we trying to keep something bound and gagged in the closet germany ? 
  nice one mate , struggling to come to grips with the fact you willingly wish harm and frustration to others aye ? 
  good luck with that . 
  its long divorced the original topic , now its just about you and why you think people should disappear or be bombed because they do n't agree with you , why was that again ? 
  well you cant take a word in the mouth . 
  that just the way it is . 
  are you threatening me ? 
  so you think i should be bombed , i should disappear . 
  and that you own the whole netherlands , your country as you would say . 
  all because i do n't think people who are in desperate need of help , who often come from the dangerous places , because its dangerous , should be given refuge . 
  what with all this demon shit , are you a religious nut ? 
  and that really a couple of explosions is par for the course for the human race . 
  this will only keep happening , today its the muslims tomorrow it might just be you out there with your little fascist cause threatening people like you do me , saying they should disappear because they do n't fit your perfect little picture . 
  fuck you buddy , your no dutch , just another racist piece of shit . 
  oh right freedom fighters that 's right . 
  i mean fuck the british and all but really who buys this shit from anyone now days . 
  who 's freedom was really gained , as far as i can tell germany makes more decisions for irelands economy than ireland does . 
  yea at times i feel like both sides play the , well we are the good terrorists , or something . 
  really in this day and age who cares , i also come from a poor isolated island farm and really the best thing anyone can do coming from those places is leave . 
  its good to know , to be honest i do n't really get it . 
  i have met so many contrasting people from ireland , some seem more liberal than anywhere other like they just crawled out of the inquisition . 
  i hope there is peace , only a decade or so more and all these old timey misogynist racist types will be dead . 
  how the fuck do a i take a word in my mouth ? 
  they are n't physical things you know ... and how is it your country ? 
  do you own the whole fucking country ? 
  i think not , see this is really why your a classic example , case in point if you will , of an entitled spring time hitler . 
  you see it would n't matter what country you where in , you would think hey i own this land , it is my land , i am verrrrry important and can not have my presence tarnished by lowley people with limited documentation because they come from a place with probably very little in the way of easily accessible documentation . 
  what are you talking about . 
  i really do n't care that much and for what its worth you ca n't stop it . 
  passport or not its the future and borders are the past . 
  call me a libtard i call you a fascist , your still just a little tax pig like me . 
  further more integration from one place to another is really old hat , the fact its going to all melt together very soon and very fast . 
  your heritage and national traditions like mine will become more and more like an old religion , past timey stuff . 
  you can pout patriotic cherry picking ideals but really there 7 billion people on this earth , i come from a country of 4 million and you 17 million . 
  its over buddy , the lines of kings queens and bankers are folding under the weight of our collective mediocrity and mass , that is why old england lad is running away hoping it will find some white on white past again , good ole days . 
  that is also why folks like you are sprouting up all over like good little tulips . 
  and across the world . 
  also good work , your the soon of a migrant , who is n't wildersucker we are all migrants everywhere . 
  you are the one who is battling enemies who do n't exist , scary documentless foriegners concealing hate and bombs . 
  waiting for you in every crowded space . 
  and sure its certainly a thing but not really , more it is just your fear , brewing away of the fear of the fact there is no precedent for now . 
  and you like everyone else is caught up in an international identity crisis , begging for mummy and daddy to close the gate on the homestead and keep home safe , keep identity safe , as if when you die those three colours that make up the basis of well over half of vexillology will somehow carry your withered racists immigrant corpse unto a heaven only for good little tulips , or what ever your culture icon would be . 
  well there is no heaven , and there is only now , a world full of the wretched , the starving and the poor . 
  you have two choices , die a fool or die a fool in arms . 
  i think in arms is more chemically appropriate , we are no different in our society to that of a chemical compound and we thrive on bonds . 
  whatever you will see yourself how it all comes to be . 
  my friend , the only cancer is you , and we have for a long time been blasting you with chemo , now in your death throws you riggle and squirm , nien nien nien mine mine mine , but alas you like the muslim will be integrated . 
  i will get my tax , and you will smile paying it . 
  and again with the fascism , sweet away by words classic little fascist . 
  lol little weak fuck boi, 
  lol what ? 
  are you saying i should get bombed ? 
  lol classic little fascist . 
  always the violent answer . 
  dude get fucked im sick of this now we get decide this little bit of rock bullshit . 
  go fuck your self your not a chaporone and you will die like me at which point your ownership of anything is gone . 
  move on , we are all moving on and getting used to the fact that we will be together . 
  also read you fascist little turd im from new zealand and once again you do n't import shit , i am free to travel and live in this world as a human being of this world and you can go fuck yourself . 
  where i come from does not matter , where i end up does not matter . 
  i have as much right to be in europe as anywhere else in the world . 
  and your trying to skirt it , the relation is you are a fascist and your just gon na have to accept there is gon na be more people and your going to be worth less . 
  that 's all there is to it , die fighting it or absorb into it . 
  what are you saying ? 
  i know right , like you !, 
  we pandered to you many years ago , but you lost oh so quickly . 
  now guess what its tolerance , deal with it . 
  i am so confused by your statement . 
  i was talking about legalisation of dope . 
  well pot is a magic money tree which would probably make the nurses job far easier in some cases and pay for everyone 's pay rise with the tax . 
  and amsterdam will go back to being a nice little city . 
  money money everywhere but right here oh no dear , money money all for me , on my tree , not for you pleb !, 
  security take the filth awwwwwwwwwwwaaaaay . 
  i have a magical wonderful money tree , all to myselllllf , allll daaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy . 
  yup . 
  :'( edit : added a tear because these may be unhappy times ahead, 
  i think its pretty relevant regardless of what may herself was for , really the irony of it all its just so fantastic . 
  boat people are coming to get you , yes they are & # 9835 ;, 
  ill command my english language however i want . 
  still does n't effect your sweeping generalisation and my sweeping generalisation . 
  i dunno , restricting the ability for people who are n't mega rich to find temporary housing while they set up their lives for their short stay ? 
  the things you listed have happend to me in apartment buildings that where rented by nationals in various countries . 
  i think your just do n't like foreigners or the fact you ca n't afford to change your lifestyle , and i guarantee you even if airbnb was eleminted and tourists were banned you would get new problems , probably worse problems . 
  everyone here is so precious . 
  i lived in front a of a fucking ruckus street in melbourne for ages and just lived with it . 
  people would kick over my rubbish bins and leave needles all around on the sidewalk . 
  they were locals to , the kind of local that would post in here about immigrants being bad if they could work a computer . 
  i do n't think airbnb changes the situation at all , ever . 
  either you luck out into a good neighbourhood or your get a crapper . 
  its the way of the road when your financial challenged . 
  why are you in australia ? 
  seems like its unnecessary to have any kind of migrant sullying any kind of neighbourhood . 
  you should go back to ireland , just like all airbnbs , all irish are drunks and loud . 
  stereo type laws need to be more real i think . 
  dude you are the type of person that makes me doubt coming living here , and makes me doubt even further foreigners in my own country .
