  i 'm not entirely sure what will happen to thrace and armenian regions in turkey , though . 
  it 's so weird to see a country self-destruct . 
  wow there is so much that is wrong with this . 
  first and foremost parliament was dissolved to to massive problems with the opposition . 
  the strong communist and nazist parties had always a huge share of the seats which led ultimately to consecutive failings of the governments . 
  this is why chancellor von papen , with support from president hindenburg , dissolved parliament in september 1932 . 
  von papen led a minority government and approached hindenburg after he realized that all major parties , including the nsdap , wanted to have a vote of confidence against his government . 
  it 's important to mention that g\u00f6ring was legally elected president of parliament due to the nsdap being the strongest party in parliament . 
  he later tried to ignore von papen , which did n't prevent him to dissolve parliament . 
  the reelections of 1932 ( novemberwahl ) also resulted in a victory for the nsdap albeit they lost 3 % over the past few months . 
  however this election did n't result in any potential coalitions either , the communist party and the nsdap ( alongside the dnvp ) held over 50 % of the seats . 
  as any new government had to have support of the majority of parliament , schleicher tried to forge a cross-front alliance with the moderates of the nsdap ( under strasser ) . 
  schleicher , who was put in charge of forming a new government , quickly realized that his plan would not work because the unions were n't supportive of this idea . 
  von papen , now an enemy due to his replacement , met with hitler and then hindenburg and convinced the latter that a papen-hitler coalition would work . 
  in the end hitler became chancellor . 
  in now way was him becoming chancellor illegal or a coup . 
  what happened after clearly was but he was elected chancellor . 
  either it keeps the pound , which might be unlikely because britain might object , or they could simply invent a new currency . 
  they could then keep the scottish pound ( which is generally a distinct banknote and printed by a seperate mint ) in circulation and peg it 1:1 to the pound sterling . 
  it 's what many countries do with other currencies , the problem here lies within the fact that pegging it to the pound would result in the bank of england having massive influence over scotland . 
  a probably better solution in the long run might be to peg the scottish currency to the euro , which would make it generally easier once scotland has to make arrangements to join the euro which they will have to do eventually . 
  seriously . 
  the uk voted to leave , not to remain with a better deal . 
  if other regions value their membership in the eu more than their membership in the uk they should have a referendum about this . 
  one question : `` would you like to a ) leave the uk and apply for eu membership or b ) stay in the uk even if this means leaving the eu . 
  simple as that . 
  all this garbage about `` what about the single market '' or `` we are in it together you ca n't leave '' is just stupid and damages not only the uk but also europe and the global economy . 
  get on with it . 
  do turks have anti-air guns on them at all time ? 
  that helicopter was targetting loyalist vehicles most likely . 
  do n't push some agenda , please . 
  i 'm sure some old generals are currently calling the pm 's cellphone to tell him about their grand plans of bringing thrace back into the realm as well as invading cyprus . 
  maybe all these investments in ridiculous weaponry might be useful . 
  well , now with turkey being a military dictatorship all these claims from leavers about turkey joining the eu sound a bit silly , do n't you think ? 
  and gold . 
   i would think most of nato would n't mind if erdogan were replaced . 
  i assume that this is also the rationale of the military . 
  nobody in nato is going to help erdogan . 
  however a military junta is a bad signal towards russia . 
  it 's also a perfect opportunity for pkk and krg to reevaluate their positions . 
  heard that it might be g\u00fclen who in theory could have made friends back in the us . 
  that 's obviously a conspiracy theory but it 's not so far fetched . 
  a broken turkey is going to be a feast for russia . 
  putin has been eagerly waiting for this moment when erdogan 's power would vanish . 
  after all erdogan instigated a show trial against many generals in 2013 . 
  personally i thought that he completely squished military opposition . 
  looks like he underestimated the military . 
  there wo n't be any is attacks though . 
  people join them because they still exists . 
  if assad , the russians and the us declare that isis is dead and that their idea of a caliphate is nothing but a pile of burning rubble , nobody will join . 
  yes there might be attacks through al-qaeda but there wo n't be many new recruits from europe . 
   what makes you conclude that france is n't trying to tackle its radical islam problem ? 
  it 's not something one fixes in a day or two . 
  france had problems since the 90s , these problems were even clearer in 2005 and 2006 . 
  it was also back then that many people said that these people had no future and could easily be recruited by terrorists . 
   have some empathy . 
  who says that he does n't have empathy ? 
  voicing criticism and showing empathy can perfectly happen in the same instance . 
   there 's room for valid criticism in a later stage that 's what the government has been telling us over and over . 
  it 's the government that never acted on its promises . 
  a country in standstill since november where no progress has been made . 
  governments before that did n't act on it either . 
  governments before these that imported the problems from the former french colonies and that did n't give people at home a future . 
  we can try to ignore this for another week , where people try to think about what happened , then have another month for politicians to think about measures and another year until they 'll roll out some symbolic measures that all fail to see that this is an internal problem . 
  i 'm sick and tired that the french people has to be hurt and wounded and maimed and killed because some elitist morons are n't able to grasp the real nature of this problem . 
  we should also clearly question the idiocy of politicians telling citizens that something can be done to make all of us safe . 
  it 's nothing but wishful thinking . 
  as evidenced , and experts told us this for a decade , terrorism in europe would result in individuals shooting into crowds , using improvised weapons and generally not being able to be tracked . 
  the only solution is to give people a future so that criminals do n't try to recruit them . 
  it 's what activists do in pakistan , it 's what they do in afghanistan . 
  there needs to be something aimed at the parallel societies in france . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  it 's so simple but actually telling a lot of stories and questioning a huge part of ukrainian history . 
  i hope that this installation is still there when i have the chance to visit kiev . 
  the pr is n't really positive though . 
  it 's more akin to a `` look at those funny europeans . 
  they have a king and a parliament . 
  it 's not outdated . 
  it 's very cool and very modern ! '', 
  i believe that the monarchy is one of the driving factors for the stereotype that britons are oldfashioned and overly traditional and that they value aesthetics over actual values . 
  but you are correct . 
  monarchies do expose smaller countries to the global public . 
  we are deeply sorry for your loss , thanks for sharing . 
  well , the russians have a weird thing for flying dogs , so maybe it 's their culture ? 
  many hunting rifles have fixed magazines that hold 3 or 5 rounds . 
  which is more than enough to hunt animals . 
  it 's called representative democracy . 
  and when you are reading about it you should also read about the distinction of the ep and the ec . 
  might also read some interesting things about the council . 
  it 's also a bit rich that this comes from somebody who supports a polity that has great achievements such as a noble fight against high structures and scarfs or women 's suffrage . 
  she has a foundation that supports her race . 
  that 's relatively corrupt if you ask me . 
  she also relies on big companies as donors and asks massive amounts of money for speeches . 
  the fact that she was able to become rich through politics is also corrupt in itself . 
  the video does n't demonstrate anything that supports your claim . 
  it also makes no sense . 
  fact is that either russians or seperatists shot down the airplane . 
  however there is absolutely no purpose of shooting down a civilian aircraft because it has absolutely no positive outcome . 
  it does n't advance the army 's position and it does n't lead to anything that would benefit them . 
  it is quite clear , and this was shown in the video , that the plane was hit by mistake .
