  if we use 6 colors there should be somewhat equidistant measurements . 
  dividing less than 30 % difference by 6 categories just looks weird . 
  the us needs russia just as much as russia needs the us . 
  they are the made up enemy that is supposed to divert the people 's attention away from internal problems . 
  without any of these countries the people would start to question the system . 
  that 's why the us was so eager to invent a new enemy ( terror ) after their ally-enemy imploded during the 90s . 
  have you ever wondered why nobody has ever thought about russia or the us becoming allies ? 
  especially since they could divide the world between themselves ? 
  peace is a problem for deeply broken systems . 
  russia being a corrupt oligopoly and the us with its antiquated constitution and polity would suffer major internal problems if the people were to focus on themselves rather than their enemy . 
  they do n't create it , they demonstrate it themselves . 
  the amount of abuse by some of their most vocal members is appaling . 
  i sometimes wonder if many of these people are subversive elements trying to discredit a reasonable movement . 
  it certainly is to some extend , but this is generally expected from a country that is provincial in its nature . 
  but to claim that it is the capital of racism is way more than far fetched . 
  `` you stuck up cunt '' . 
  you are n't leaving anything out , are you ? 
  people like kern are despicable . 
  considering the fact that we already heard an austrian opinion on this matter , hahn of all people , he really should n't have added anything further . 
  but this is how the austrian political agenda works . 
  just because hahn , \u00d6vp , said something , the social democrats need to simply repeat it , to not give the \u00d6vp an edge in politics . 
  of course the accession process is , currently , fiction . 
  kern knows this , juncker knows this , everybody who understands the accession process knows this . 
  but kern does n't simply want to repeat what everybody in europe already knows , he wants to make it sound like juncker is going to fast-track turkey in the eu . 
  yet kern knows well that nobody is going to join until 2019 , he also knows that turkey is never going to implement the acquis - not at the current rate of 1/33 chapters in 11 years at least . 
  ( actually turkey applied to become a member 2 decades before that ) he understands that turkey is going to suffer a setback regarding science & research and education . 
  he understands perfectly that for any new chapters to be opened , he could simply veto ( as germany did in 2013 during taksim ) . 
  the accession of turkey is also going to take another 10 years minimum . 
  why austria does n't simply freeze new chapters is beyond me if they really care about turkey being a democracy so much . 
  but in the end kern does n't really care . 
  he is one of those careerists who destroy socialdemocracy from within . 
  which is quite sad actually . 
   havent said that . 
  i just have a different approach to the issue . 
  my way - setting the requirements in stone , and discussing only after them meeting those requirements - is pretty controversial . 
  but they literally are set in stone . 
  there ca n't be debated anything about the acquis , what is your point ? 
  if turkey meats the requirements , they can join . 
  nobody has halted talks and nobody is going to . 
  what is wrong about juncker 's opinion ? 
  let 's hope that you 'll never have to be in this person 's shoes and that we others do not have to run from the shooter while you throw insults at him from the safety of your balcony . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  do you really hate people that much ? 
  is your 's just a troll account ? 
  you know , because of the tag and your comment ? 
  are you just trying to paint every american as stupid ? 
  could you please stop trolling ? 
  it adds absolutely nothing to the debate . 
  but none of these things is going to happen . 
  we have a lot of ftas which are basically the same and this has never happened . 
  there really is no proof that healthcare should be privatised ( if it is n't already ) as there is absolutely no prooffor that . 
  i have asked this a lot , but can somebody pleae point me to the ceta , eu-sk or , peru/colombia or even mexico treaty that resulted in something bad ? 
  we do know how the eu negotiates and we do know what they are trying to do with ttip , how has the eu failed to meet past goals that justify thinking that the eu might not be able to implement its position in the upcoming treaty . 
  i 'm against ttip because i do n't like the plurilateral approach , but what are some institutional reasons ? 
  i 've yet to read a good , peer-reviewed , study that support any of these claims . 
  judging by the fact that many people still complain about chlorine chicken , gmos and rothschild courts , in ceta alone , without having read the text once , i actually think that you are correct . 
  germany should read up on it . 
  there are still some percentage points that out government could make dissapear . 
  it 's also probably better to discourage them from registering as unemployed in the first place , than simply not counting them once they do claim benefits . 
  slava ukraini is a typical saying connected to the upa . 
  you might not support that group but saying it certainly has a ring to it . 
  i doubt that the canadian pm intended to say that he supports genocidal monoethnicity but if uses it he surely demonstrates his poor knowledge about world history . 
  they clearly are in the short-run if the government provides a stimulus . 
  look at government spending in ww2 for example . 
  however it only works if your country is n't simultaneously being attacked . 
  it would make sense . 
  look at berlin . 
  deeply green but it produces basically nothing besides tourism . 
  there 's virtually no real industry but a lot of patent offices . 
  from personal experience i know that many companies use patent offices in berlin even if they actually work and produce in other regions ( i know of a company from saxony-anhalt that did just that ) . 
  so these type of statistics ca n't account for this because they will probably not be able to check patents for their company 's location . 
  i know that saxony-anhalt has several very innovative companies it is yellow . 
  the problem here is that while bmw/audi can file patents in munich , where this infrastructure exists , companies in more `` rural '' regions can not . 
  i doubt that magdeburg or dresden can compete . 
  one of the reasons why piedmont is also probably very strong is that fiat files several patents in turin even though they have other companies in italy . 
  the true solution is to tackle the mindset . 
  especially italy is a huge and wealthy country that is hindering itself from actually growing even further . 
  this has a lot to do with how the institutions prevent innovation ( founding a company is virtually impossible , hence the lack of new and emerging companies ) as well as the legal frameworks that are terribly inefficient . 
  the bureaucracy is rampant and the corruption , also highly influenced by the mindset , supresses state investments as a major share of tax simply vanishes , leading to higher tax for those who actually do pay taxes . 
  remember that italy is a republic founded on the very principle of labour - it should clearly return to this principle since italy is currently feeding on a few big companies who keep many people employed . 
  but growth is impossible . 
  currency devaluation could simply try trick the markets , but even when a euro is worth 2500 or even more # it will never solve the true italian problem . 
  the problem with this is that you need central banks . 
  if you demand inpedendent monetary policy making for euro ms you could equally well demand regional currencies for different regions . 
  the solution to this problem however is n't more currencies , as this leads to problematic trade as well as poor labour movement ( as you will remember this was the case back in the day ) but rather equalization payments as many countries have shown . 
  you 'd need either a strict ban on export surplus within euro states , or a fund based system that can reallocate the `` lost '' money . 
  the current gravitation of wealth towards germany and france can be observed in all countries were equalization payments do not exist - italy with strong tendencies to favour northern italy , the uk with surplus in greater london . 
  why is he a russian fanboy ? 
  was pleven a russian fanboy ? 
  the thing is that only a small minority of people would actively kill others . 
  only through conditioning these people one can increase this share ( that 's what militaries do ) . 
  a random citizen would never press the button . 
  these are basically just tough guys who , somehow , feel good when stating that they would kill innocent civilians . 
  it 's just talk . 
  good use of the classic / r/europe meme . 
  that 's not how nuclear weapons work.without the knowledge on how to use them they are basically worthless . 
  you could even shoot them with guns without causing a nuclear reaction . 
  for some reason italians still are . 
  christ on earth . 
  how old are you ?
