  except russia and the me they do not have any other theatre , contrary to the us . 
  what should italy invest in other than its navy if russia ca n't access the med because turkey keeps them at bay ? 
  what should spain do ? 
  they have virtually no conflict zone other than the eastern eu border . 
  tl ; dr : it makes no sense to add us spending to this discussion if a major share does n't even go defense from their common adversary . 
  the same goes for france that has its colonial goals in africa that nobody else really cares about . 
  the german public certainly does n't care about mali yet the bundeswehr is there because of intergouvernamentalistic acts of friendship . 
  wikileaks is clearly biased but they still do n't post lies . 
  the proof of the dnc being corrupt was n't fabricated by wikileaks and the claim from clinton that it was putin is just a conspiracy theory . 
  fact is that the dnc is corrupt ( just as the rnc and american federal politics ) , these documents could have been optained by anybody who wanted to tell this story . 
  it 's actually quite telling that it has to be the enemy . 
  you 'd expect these news from cnn and the nyt if they actually bothered to take journalism about american politics seriously . 
  yes , putin might benefit from trump ( even though i believe that he and clinton are much similar , he also had no problems with 8 years of obama tbh ) , but i doubt that he actually cares enough . 
  he knows full well that the president is n't setting the foreign policy . 
  for the sake of fairness , wikileaks should have published rnc documents as well . 
  but clearly they hate the democrats with a passion ( well , the conservative democrats for what its worth ) . 
  communism certainly was around for more than a 100 years when it was used to attack civilians in europe . 
  is terrorizes syria and iraq , belgium , france and britain attack is . 
  is strikes back . 
  it 's really not a hard concept to understand . 
  we wage war on isis , and they attack european countries that fly sorties over syria . 
  why did you join then ? 
  after all the ever closer union was the first sentence of the treaties of rome . 
  lot of time to read it until you voted on joining over a decade later . 
  not in 2014 . 
  it was clear during that election that a victory of the epp would lead to juncker becoming president while a victory for pes would have resulted in schulz becoming president . 
  in fact now it 's basically the same system that germany uses for its chancellor , hence the term `` spitzenkandidat '' ( the other parties also put forward their own candidates but they are mostly symbolic , the left for example nominated tsipras , who therefore had lists in european countries , such as italy ) . 
  and economic understanding about terrorism teaches us that . 
  terrorists crave for solidarity and means to feel charitable . 
  as these things do not exist in their home countries they get it from terrorism where they can find a community and a cause to dedicate their life to ( literally ) . 
  if we give these persons what they need ( activity in organizations , churches etc ) they 'll gladly accept this . 
  food , safety and all these things do not satisfy their demand for solidarity . 
  if the scots decide their future based on the colours of the sky i doubt that they 'd stay in the union ... 
  and britain joined the eu knowing well of what it would become eventually . 
  clearly current day britian could not have been dreamt about back when the the kingdoms came together . 
  a military base near the arctic , a cliff that thinks about leaving the uk , and a monolith that people only know about because some mutineers settled there . 
  completely irrelevant on the global scale , but hey , as long as the sun sets on one of those islands when the other ones are dark ... 
  whoever thinks that has absolutely no clue about either the eu 's acquis or the relationship between turkey and the eu . 
  merkel has always stated that turkey could never join because of her , juncker said that until 2019 there would n't be new members . 
  it 's pretty clear that turkey is also incredibly slow when it comes to closing chapters ( or opening ) . 
  these are simple facts that anybody can look up on wikipedia in a matter of minutes . 
  whoever voted for brexit because of turkey is n't a victim of propaganda , but of their own ignorance . 
  i agree with you that propaganda has certainly something to do with it but i think that people are to quick to blame the msm for this . 
  it 's your own decision to read the sun rather than indy , it 's their own decision to believe johnson rather than continental journalists . 
  no , countries are only sovereign to a certain extent . 
  they still have to follow international treaties and agreements . 
  the international community is therefore completely able to protect their common laws . 
  if they do n't do anything against it they are however complicit . 
  judging by the fact that he worked in that shop he probably also paid taxes , but nice meme nonetheless, 
  where did you get that from ? 
  it was news shortly after . 
  i read about it on january 1st at 4 a.m. 
  i have a few foreigners ( not refugees ) in my building who work for science institutions . 
  they still do n't grasp the concept of our trashcans . 
  however i was astonished at how insanely idiotic the trash systems works in other countries . 
  brussels for example has entire timetables that let you know when you are allowed to put out your trash ( a certain time the day before pickup ) and what colour said bag has to have . 
  ( they are n't free but rather incredibly expensive ) . 
  and if you think that you could simply put out your trash before the correct time they 'll fine you . 
  i have even heard stories of how they ripped open yellow bags ( plastic if i remember correctly ) to look for your name on that one bill that you accidently did n't put into the correct paper bag . 
  the ewigkeitsklausel is art . 
  however it only states that art 1 ( human dignity ) and art 20 ( republicanism , federalism , state of law and social state , and democracy ) ca n't be changed . 
  well but in the short-run it 's the only sensible solution . 
  the immigrants are here and need to be allocated correctly . 
  in the long-run europe needs a strong border and a strict immigration policy with blue cards where countries can ask for a certain number of immigrants , based on their `` demands '' . 
  regarding refugees ( real refugees ) there clearly needs to be some sort of allocation system if the eu is going to have a common foreign policy . 
  as one entity it can not prevent refugees to claim asylum in europe , and the current concept that greece , italy and spain have to keep their problems to themselves , only gives us one solution : allocate refugees on a proportional basis , but clearly state that refuge is obviously temporal . 
  the european council has never managed to accept this . 
  only a stronger commission ( reformed ) and a stronger ep can solve this problem . 
  you do realize that there is a difference between medical sanity and social sanity , right ? 
  i also fail to see how i 'm supposed to stick my head in the sand . 
  i clearly understand that it is going to get worse . 
  i never said that it would n't . 
  i always said that there would be attacks in europe and in germany . 
  the difference between me and the guy above is that i 'm not running around in circles throwing a fit about `` dem muslims '' or `` dem nazis '' . 
  there are many lunatics who will commit attacks . 
  that 's all . 
  however now is n't yesterday . 
  the current incidents do not point , yet , to a terrorist attack with islamistic background . 
  yet that comment suggests that this is the case . 
  i understand that his point is correct but right now we should not speculate . 
  he clearly connects immigration with this attack and that the irrisponsible behaviour of the government led to this . 
  there is however no indication that the shooter ( s ) are muslims or migrants . 
  i agree that there are extremists on both sides , but in no way can migration be the reason why nazis attack others in an act of revenge . 
  these people are insane and simply terrorists . 
  you actually do enjoy that , right ? 
  you talked about islam on a thread about this shooting in munich . 
  how on earth do you think that this is in any way an acceptable thing to do before we even know something ? 
  your rant about a completely different topic , if it turns out to be completely unrelated , is completely useless and only incites further violence . 
  the ma\u00df makes sense . 
  only through alcohol can anybody sustain this atrocious voyeuristic broadcasting by ard . 
  stay safe !, 
  it is . 
  in fact this is the inherent nature of art . 
  as long as there has n't been made a final accord by both parties it is absolutely possible to halt , suspend , or revoke art . 
  50 , unilaterally ( given by art . 
  this can be read , teleologically , in art . 
  50 as there is no clause about a prevention of revokation . 
  teu is rather coherent to the idea that whatever is n't explicitly allowed ( or in this case banned ) is , if it follows the logical approach of the legislative text , fair game . 
  obviously you would n't , and this is obvious due to the nature of article 50 , that this can not happen after a seperate treaty has already been negotiated . 
  the ep explicitly tells us this in its understanding of art .
