  what 's wrong with burkinis ? 
  it reeks of irony that some people want to force women into certain cloths but claim that it is somehow progressive . 
  next we demand that women ca n't wear a onepiece as it covers their curves . 
  how did we turn from being in favour of freedom to regressive conservatism ? 
  maybe france could also bring back the ban on women wearing trousers , as they do n't expose enough skin . 
  this is looking more and more like a farce . 
  this constant smear regarding false brick throws , false accusations of anti-semitism and now the blatant push of tory labour to keep corbyn out of the ballot , and if this fails the members out of the voting process , all this is simply disgusting . 
  these people are careerists , the plp is the main reason why labour does so poorly . 
  british politics is completely disorganized nowadays , it 's time to get over these moronic power plays and start governing again - or in the case of labour , getting back to being a sensible opposition party . 
  and the leftist media has to get back to being left-wing . 
  the guardian , that is pushing for a conservative banker friendly politician ( not only in britain ) is an affront to its core readership . 
  the latest indy reports on corbyn 's display in the media is quite telling , really . 
  nowadays even juncker 's farts can increase eurosceptism . 
  it might be better to actually think in a republican fashion to actually improve things . 
  more experts , less simplistic opinions . 
  it really was a surprising fight . 
  i guess nobody expected this to happen . 
  but judo is crazy like this , one small mistake and everything can be over in a matter of seconds . 
   i 'm sue you know more than the nato leadership which agreed to those terms in 2006 then reiterated them in 2016 . 
  this was a political decision . 
  based on military needs , and asking the military itself will confirm this ( e.g. 
  the german union of soldiers , dbwv ) , it is much more important on how the money is being spend rather than a simple number . 
  many militaries , again unions will confirm this , focus more on employee motivation rather than the actual military power - hard asserts . 
  a big number is not relevant when it comes to allocation . 
   so the us has to help you , you do n't have to help the us . 
  wonder why this might be a bad deal ? 
  that 's not what i said - please quote the part where i supposedly said this . 
  what i said is that the us has several interests out of which only few align with european interests . 
  if however all interests constitute a number that is used to compare it with europe - which has mostly , except a few countries , just the two goals that i mentioned - the whole comparison makes no sense . 
  if the us invests 100 billion in its military out of which 60 billion go towards russia and terrorism related measurws and germany invests 40 billion out of which almost all goes towards defense of european interests you can not support the claim that the us invests more than twice the amount of money on nato - which to european understanding has only the two european interests . 
  it 's emblematic to this debate that countries who see a gdp deficit and a resulting increase of % in military spending , e.g. 
  turkey , are being treated as if they increased spending . 
  it completely neglects the long-term aspects of procurement . 
  the european understanding of nato is an alliance for defense against russia - that 's what the baltics see it as , this is why nato is expanding through ex-soviet states . 
  that 's the perception of the populace in europe and the growing sentiment in the us is basically the same ( see trump ) . 
  if nato is mainly an alliance aimed towards russia , and most members do think that , it makes no sense to compare gross military expenditures , when some countries do have several other theatres . 
  do you think that poland cares about france being engaged in africa ? 
  do you think that moldova wants to join nato because the us try to prevent china from annexing the scs ? 
  our values are enshrined in our constitutions and are prominent in our common charter that has become a fundamental part of our understanding of natural law . 
  these are , and their numeration is correlated to their importance : human dignity , right to life , and the universal right to integrity of one 's body . 
  how people are ready to throw our core principles over board is really baffling . 
   fear in the hearts of enemies works wonders . 
  so you advocate fighting terrorism through ... terror ? 
  that 's actually quite hilarious . 
  military expenditure in % of gdp is a terrible method because it completely neglects two main things : a ) if estonia invests more than the required amount , 2016 figures put it at 2.16 % , it is still less than 500 million a year . 
  if we think about the fact that estonias expenditures are for defense against russian invasion , that 's quite frankly a ridiculous low amount of money . 
  that 's not even one modern vehicle - a year . 
  compared with countries , such as italy or germany who are investing `` less '' , the use of percentages makes even less sense . 
  italy invest 20 billion , meanwhile germany invests more than 35 billion . 
  b ) nato expenditure is interpreted in europe mostly for defense against russia and terrorism . 
  this is our biggest threat and eastern european countries are mostly interested in having more military to combat russian aggression ( rightly so ) . 
  however the us have interests in asia that europe could n't care less about . 
  europe has no problems with china and besides some strongly worded letters we do not care about the scs , japan is of no interest either . 
  so only one share is directly invested by the us to prevent russian aggression - the rest goes to other theatres , which most european nations do not care about . 
  the same is true for france and turkey . 
  the investment by turkey to combat kurds should not be interpreted as nato expenditures - it 's a local feud initiated by sectarian groups in turkey . 
  france invests most of its budget in its african `` colonies '' to protect french interests regarding mining rights and state companies . 
  there needs to be a new index for looking at nato investment . 
  we should also stop trying to demand from poorer countries to invest money in more or less useless equipment that is probably never going to get used . 
  these countries should invest in education and their economy first . 
  refund on what ? 
  yes , geopolitics is really simple and consists of binary positions , good grief ... 
  how has historic immigration anything to do with being provincial or not ? 
  i was talking about the fact that austria has a provincial approach when it comes to cultural exchange on a global scale . 
  obviously the fact that slovakia and hungary were once part of austria means that there has been a lot of exchange in the past . 
  but this was geopolitics back in the day . 
  nowadays , in the times of the republic , the foreign policy has been rather local , i.e. 
  provicial . 
  that has been due to losing ww2 and becoming neutral and disengaged with world politics . 
  accordingly the politics have been oriented towards the interal problems more than to the outside . 
  that 's all that i was getting at . 
  good answer m8 . 
  not that i studied ir or anything ... 
  haha , too bad that most did n't get your satire, 
  that 's basically how british press works - or generally foreign media . 
  american media has this weird spin as well , as do german and italian newspapers . 
  the amount of weird reporting by la repubblica about german state politics or german newspapers with an underlying `` italians are mafiosi '' sentiment is rather appaling . 
  the discourse that many journalists are stuck in is really sad , considering that they should have understood what critical thinking is actually about . 
  but the people realized that he would have resigned if remain would 've lost . 
  i believe that elected high-profile politicians really should n't voice their opinion on these matters . 
  there already were two organizations ( actually even more ) that ran the leave and remain campaigns , cameron 's opinion was n't really needed . 
  it only leads to people voting against cameron to see him step down - even if they actually like the eu . 
  pm 's should n't be part of these campaigns as it leads to the vote being about something different than the eu . 
  which is a pretty stupid opinion if you ask me . 
  the main problem , that has been haunting us since the end of the first republic , is that the italian perfect bicameralism is redundant - literally . 
  demanding a directly-elected senate would n't change much - it would lead to two chambers that can be elected by the people directly . 
  which is exactly the same . 
  an indirect chamber ( akin to that used in federal countries ) would lead to the government of lombardy sending delegates to rome to represent the lombardian interests . 
  this type of representation has been missing in italy and in my opinion has been one of the causes why italy has some many negative regional differences . 
  i 'm actually sad that the radicals ' notion of having more than one referendum failed tocgain any major traction . 
  albeit i do n't support renzi , i think that the referendum should pass . 
  the abolition of the senate is needed as well as most of the other discussed policies . 
  it would be sad to see it fail simply because of renzi 's hubris and people voting no to spite him . 
  if it fails , which i think it will , renzi should step down , let the pd reform itself , and have a new general election . 
  it 's still sad that there is no stable government due to some young voters voting for a protest party that actually does ' t lead to any progress . 
  that 's a pretty stupid thing to do . 
  you should vote to improve parliamentary pluralism , not to emiminate it . 
  ec internships are paid though . 
  it 's a shitty map because it implies that red countries are vastly worse than green countries , meanwhile it is totally possible to change from red to dark green green by simply improving by 15 % . 
  less than 1/5 of a difference should not be denominated by two opposite colors .
