  in the long-run the uk could have higher/different standards from mainland europe , leading to expensive conversion prices if mercedes does n't build a local plant in britain . 
  edit : not i believe that there are going to be massive problems for britain as there is absolutely no interest in hurting both german companies and british consumers . 
  there might be small negative effects for the uk but after all not much will change . 
  ftas will have to be renegotiated but i do n't see britain walking out with a worse agreement than they had before . 
  this really has not much to do with russia . 
  most countries on earth use this loophole of avoiding statelessness through revocation , which is a disgusting demonstration of corruption . 
  the steps taken by russia are even more crass . 
  neglecting that this is n't some sort of unique step that only russia could do ( because it is inherently autocratic ) is a blatant lie . 
  the fact that the french senate had a huge debate about this very topic is a clear example that this is happening even in the most stable democracies . 
  it 's not unlike to the european approach to terrorism . 
  in fact in france this was debated in parliament after the attacks on paris . 
  basically human rights dictate that you can not strip a person from their nationality and it is forbidden to create statelessness . 
  but due to some people having multiple nationalities it is possible to strip them from their citizenship as long as the person does n't become stateless . 
  in france the idea was to take away potential terrorists ' french citizenship . 
  but due to international law this only applies to people who are both french and e.g. 
  other countries do similar things for other things . 
  a german joining a foreign military before 2011 would lose his citizenship for example . 
  obviously this russian law would be even harsher . 
  all in all every loss of citizenship is kind of defeating the purpose of citizenship . 
  but that 's a given for something as abstract as nationalities . 
  huh ? 
  general consensus was that the eu did n't do anything , forcing the nations to reintroduce borders . 
  so most nations created a corridor to lead migrants through to austria and germany . 
  but let 's not forget that italy and greece have been having these problems for years while other countries just stood there and did nothing . 
  now that the much needed european solution ( something that italy has been asking for since 2013 ) sounds feasible the member states start crying because the `` eussr '' is going to take their borders away . 
  he is right : doomed if you do , doomed if you do n't . 
  a poll conducted with 22 people is your source ? 
  what on earth . 
  [ here 's another one ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/eu-referendum/eu-referendum-growing-support-in-northern-ireland-for-brexit-but-balance-of-power-lies-with-the-undecided-34815075.html ) . 
  by ipsos mori . 
  it clearly states that remain leads clearly with 37 % to 26 % . 
  and that is for a population of  1000 . 
  they should also abolish the monarchy and rename their flag the `` european union jack '' . 
  huh ? 
  it 's pretty clear that this is supposed to be sarcastic . 
  have you actually looked at the linked infographic ? 
  the `` small '' role has even been highlighted by op to underline his point . 
  yes , obviously . 
  at least for the similar models that would be the case . 
  or do you think that mercedes has such a high prestige outside of germany that demand is somehow inelastic to price ? 
  yes , the people who make up the union are servants to it . 
  flawless logic . 
  out of those 6 examples on 2 could potentially be seen as negative . 
  no queen or royal family ? 
  sounds pretty republican to me . 
  federalization of the united kingdom and no centralization ? 
  i doubt that anybody outside of london would see this as a bad idea . 
  certainly wales , scotland and northern ireland would be in favour . 
  even the majority of english voters probably think that an english parliament would draw power away from london and more towards regions such as the midlands and manchester . 
  eu armed forces ? 
  i do n't think that a community that shares power and control over one army is a particular bad thing . 
  there might be arguments against it but it is also possible to be clearly in favor of it . 
  the only negative things listed might be the abolition of parliament ( lol ) and the lack of democratic voice , and the privatized nhs . 
  the first claim is utterly ridiculous and the second one : does anybody in britain actually think that ids is actually a double agent working for the eu commission to undermine the nhs ? 
  clearly nobody would claim that the tories , or ukip for what its worth , would try to fight for a nationalized health care system ... and what 's about this trope that britons should be afraid of turks ? 
  is it the crescent moon ? 
  turkey as a means to show how `` those bloody muslims '' could potentially invade britain seems like the worst possible example . 
  why not albania or bosnia-herzegovina , or even kosovo ? 
  all those are potential new members . 
  and i believe they 'll join the eu before turkey manages to close even half of their 33 chapters . 
  the british debate just seems so random and weird to anybody who actually knows something about the eu . 
  both campaigns sound like two school children trying to sound smart . 
  that 's wrong . 
  riester is not a pension . 
  it 's state financed saving . 
  it 's actually 10 . 
  it was first designed to be opened with the wc in 2006 but was soon postponed after they realized that this would have never been feasible, 
  burn him ? 
  throwing coins at gypsies probably makes him a / r/europe hero . 
  we should build him a monument of some sorts . 
  or even better , a monument on wheels . 
  yeah sure . 
  because you 'd attend a rally where the main speaker supported your enemies . 
  it 's just like those hundreds of blacks who attended a kkk rally just last week ... 
  seriously , how far away do you have to be from any type of media to not see how people both being in favor of hamas and isis is just unlikely ? 
  since the dup is lobbying for brexit there might be a huge problem in northern ireland if the majority of the population votes remain . 
  for the largest party in the executive to go against the will of the people could strengthen the uup , which is supporting remain . 
  if the loyalist infighting happens sf might see a possibility to sound like the voice of reason . 
  in that situation it is probably one of the best chances for sf to promote a referendum about a customs union between northern ireland and the republic or the eu as a whole . 
  sf could put forward , supported by academic research showing the potential negative impact on ni 's economy , trade negotiations that run parallel to that of westminster . 
  northern ireland wo n't hold a referendum on reunification because it would eventually fail . 
  but it could try to detach itself from the uk and become more autonomous while leaning more towards the republic . 
  in the long run this might be the best alternative for sf . 
  estonia is an impressive example for this . 
  the have a lot of influence in the commission and know generally a lot about how to shape policy making . 
  malta is also a good example when you look at maritime affairs where maltese opinion is valued very highly . 
  the fact that the uk has always ignored decision making in the eu institutions and only lobbies for financial policies , that have virtually no impact on the population , is really showcasing why there is currently a majority for leave . 
  little do brexiters know that the problem is n't the connection between eu and british citizens but rather the middle man . 
  the government, 
  your point about speeding is not really a good one because people do not really have an incentive to drive fast . 
  also the following car , the anology to the second athlete , is n't really forced to speed either because there is n't a competition of being forced . 
  there really can only be two solutions : either doping is allowed , i do n't support it , or athletes are being controlled more thoroughly . 
  why are n't they tested several times during the event ? 
  i understand that this might be incredibly expensive but it really is the only way to prevent doping . 
  he might be a troll . 
  he might not be one . 
  there really is no point of proving either position . 
  i agree that he sounds like one but i do n't think that we should simply call him a troll . 
  because we can actually form counterarguments which are far better for a discussion . 
  i understand your point but it sets a bad precedent,
