  as if the complete mizaru-like ignoring of the invasion in the first place was such a geopolitical success . 
  it 's still forcing everybody to dope because of the illegal nature of doping . 
  given an unfair advantage by some athletes forces by market demand others to catch up to them , i.e. 
  dope , because they believe that their opponent is using illegal substances . 
  doping in international sports is therefore the only equilibrium that a free `` sports market '' can achieve . 
  this is the reason why doping becomes so excessive once it starts in sports . 
  it 's why the russian sports associations are so full of it . 
  it 's why certain olympic disciplines are completely engulfed in it . 
  it 's why it is considered the status quo in cycling . 
  since winning is the sine qua non of every competition and records are the sine qua non of supragenerational disciplines doping is going to become the status quo . 
  look at it like this : assume two athletes decide to play fair and that they wo n't dope . 
  that 's what society demands . 
  yet it is n't convenient for neither of those athletes . 
  because if he dopes he might win ( remember : sine qua non ) thus he 'll be led to play unfair . 
  knowing that this is the nature of humans even the other athletes might start using those substances . 
  because suddenly he needs to start using to level the playing field . 
  it becomes fair to dope . 
  anybody who says that doping should be simply banned have no idea about the market implications that this will lead to . 
  what is needed is a cooperation between athletes , a self-commitment that is being institutionalized . 
  as long as you do n't promote any of that you are simply ignoring market movements . 
  as floyd landis said it ( and he is an athlete ) : `` i did what i did because that 's what we did '' . 
  if all top athletes dope and they know that their opponent might dope too it creates an omerta system that is hard to break . 
  stronger rules and punishments wo n't work either because it 'll eventually lead to a never ending chase . 
  institutionalizing athletes . 
  treating doping simply based on morals and ethics , as is currently the trend , clearly does n't work if society believes that ethics are above all , meanwhile athletes do not . 
  winning is top priority , how is n't . 
  and clearly you have proof , right ? 
  or are you just talking out of your ass because you ca n't actually form a coherent point ? 
  everybody is a paid shill for hillary , washington , putin , china , brussels . 
  surely the internet is only frequented by paid commentators . 
  best to retreat to our basements and cover it in aluminium ... 
  and nato is n't invulnerable to reason . 
  let 's hope that washington and brussels love their children , too . 
  the last polls that i saw put a scottish vote something along the lines of 60-40 for remain . 
  so if that is the case and britain as a whole votes leave there might be a case for scotland leaving the uk . 
  fun fact that many people even in the uk do n't know : even northern ireland supports remaining in the eu . 
  gibraltar also supports remaining in the eu . 
  something along the lines of 90 %, 
  so your claims ca n't actually be proven ? 
  in my city there were just flowers on a monument remembering the genocide . 
  no protests at all . 
  i also do n't understand why you start talking about canada and about some politicians receiving death threats . 
  they receive those on a daily basis and you have absolutely no proof whether there were are lot written to them by turks . 
  what is the point of having just one submarine ? 
  is n't it standard procedure to keep a few running while the majority is at bay , being repaired ? 
  having just one submarine makes it an unreliable asset for when it has to stay in ports during maintenance . 
  thank you for that link to that theory . 
  i had never heard of it and it really makes sense . 
  please do n't assume that i 'm not going to reply to extended lengths because i do n't like our discussion , i really do , but rather that we are n't that far off . 
  i completely agree that public perception can be manipulated and i understand that there probably has never been a massive pro-russian sentiment in eastern ukraine ( i personally do n't really know , because i 've never lived there , i 'm going to kiev for this purpose in august to attend a seminar on perception on democracy in ukraine ) and that almost everything might have been planned by russia . 
  the problem that i 'm seeing when we are talking about whether ukraine is in a state of civil war or not is that using it , as well as not using it , might put you in a certain corner , so to speak . 
  calling it an invasion ( as the ukrainian government has always done ) has a certain meaning , just as calling it a civil war ( and helping the `` so poor and defenseless russia-loving ukrainians ) has a certain ring to it . 
  what i see , and i really try to be objective because i 'm neither ukrainian nor russian , is that russia instigated and fabricated something that could be called a civil war so that russia could claim that they would help the russians that were being targeted by the `` fascist ukrainian coup-d'\u00e9tat-driven regime '' . 
  so if i use civil war rather than invasion i 'm actually not buying into the russian narrative but i rather see it for what it is . 
  a civil war that was being invented by russia because that is indeed what they wanted to do . 
  if i 'd say that it was simply an invasion i 'd be saying that russia is actively ( as in with russian flags and russian soldiers in russian uniforms ) engaging in war . 
  that there is the interest of annexing that part of ukraine by russia . 
  i personally believe that civil war ( with the added emphasis that it was invented by russia ) is a far more fitting term . 
  and several news corporations ( time or the german state broadcaster deutsche welle ) do call it like that as well . 
  ending my comment i would like to add that your last paragraph ( joyce and the average joe ) made me think a lot . 
  i understand that it might be misinterpreted and that by calling it a civil war some people might not understand the complexity of the situation . 
  i 'll certainly keep that in mind for whenever i 'm going to use that , but in my opinion calling it a `` civil war fabricated by russia '' is still `` more '' correct than simply calling it an invasion , similar to the invasion of iraq or invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  but we probably disagree on that . 
  all in all i 'd like to thank you for discussing this with me . 
  it 's really great to hear a ukrainian 's position on this  have a nice day !, 
  when making a comparison between two elected politicians somebody who was n't elected or in any way a politician really should not count . 
  he was comparing two politicians . 
  politician being the main connection between the two . 
  to add : another case would be henriette reker , mayor of cologne , who was assaulted during her campaign . 
  she survived . 
  it 's really despicable how the violence towards politicians ( and yes also activist ) is increasing . 
  our societies are deeply divided . 
  a terrible thing . 
  it is such a shame that politicians are being assaulted in this day and age . 
  especially in countries that should be leading rule of law . 
  i hope that neither leave nor remain will abuse this tragedy for any kind of cheap political score and that everybody stops assuming that this incident is in any way the fault of one faction . 
  why does n't it make sense ? 
  there is a flag of germany even though the german flag does n't cover the areas that are generally known as germanic . 
  the french flag is used for territories that are n't even part of france , it 's also only a few hundred years old . 
  it 's still considered the flag of france . 
  almost all countries on earth accept the european flag as the flag for europe . 
  if you do n't like that , fine . 
  but this does n't change anything about the legitimacy of said flag . 
  what is an `` old-speak '' flag , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  the american flag is also not a flag of the whole of america . 
  the flag of macedonia is n't the flag of the greek region of macedonia . 
  just to name two other examples . 
  i do know that there is no definition by the genevan conventions , which is why i quoted the framework by the [ icrc ] ( https://www.icrc.org/ihl.nsf/com/375-590006?opendocument ) that clearly promotes a certain , non-partisan , definition regarding civil war . 
  we can actually look at this an check if some , or all , of those requirements are fulfilled . 
  before we do that i want to add that the cremlin 's policy of labelling this a civil war is completely irrelevant . 
  if i believe that it is a civil war i 'm not buying into putin 's rhetoric , no , i 'm looking at it objectively and reach my own conclusion . '', 
  that the party in revolt against the de jure government possesses an organized military force , an authority responsible for its acts , acting within a determinate territory and having the means of respecting and ensuring respect for the convention . '', 
  clearly they do . 
  whether they are coordinated by russia to 50 % or even 100 % is irrelevant since that 's not the question being asked . 
  you can not negate that there is atleast 1 or 2 separatists who are siding with russia because of their own aversion towards the ukrainian government . 
  since civil war is a value free term , even though you wo n't agree , there is no connotation or suggestion underlying that term . 
  there is an army , which is somewhat organized , and there is a command structure that is organized and structured . 
  sure , they are controlled by russia , but this is not the question . 
  `` that the legal government is obliged to have recourse to the regular military forces against insurgents organized as military and in possession of a part of the national territory '' the legal government being the ukrainian is indeed forced to use its army to fight insurgents ( sponsored by russia ) which also do , de facto not de jure , control a part of the national territory . 
  i could go on and quote the next few paragraphs by the icrc but what 's the point .
