  huh ? 
  imagine somebody saying `` you ca n't work with polish people because they always steel german cars !, 
  they ca n't integrate '' . 
  that 's the same rationale and it is indeed moronic . 
  what 's wrong about pointing out the obvious ? 
  so merkel is a leftwing politician ? 
  man you guys are doing some impressive mental gymnastics to bend things to fit your narrative . 
  that 's probably just as hilarious as the claim that the eu is a leftist project . 
  what a weird comment . 
  he did n't say that russia was corruption-free or did he delete part of his comment ? 
  no it is not . 
  do you actually speak arabic ? 
  taharrush is simply arabic for harassment . 
  in the western media is is used as a shorthand for taharrush jinsi - literally sexual harassment . 
  what on earth are you talking about that this is some sort of special term for a special practice ? 
  these people are called ant\u00e4nzer . 
  it 's a con artist 's trick that has been known for over 20 years and is incredibly prevalent in cologne due to the many maroccan immigrants who brought this `` tradition '' over from the maghreb . 
  it works like this . 
  they often work in groups were they stand around one prrson dancing , the other cheer . 
  whenever somebody who is not part of this group comes near to see what all the fuss is about the dancer ( german : t\u00e4nzer ) starts interacting with mostly female bystanders . 
  they do some flirty dance moves and the others in the group cheer and create a group dynamic where everybody , even the bystanders , are happy and cheering ( the person being `` angetanzt '' is usually blushing to some extend and obviously not entirely in favour of being danced `` on '' but usually gives in as soon as her/his friends push her to being part of this dance ) . 
  this can last from a few seconds to several minutes . 
  after that the bystanders leave and notice that their wallets are missing - they have been stolen by either the involved crowd or the ant\u00e4nzer himself . 
  so yes it is sexually and it can be be interpreted as sexual assault , but it is a way to actualy reach a different goal - theft . 
  this is why half of the claims were about theft rather than assault . 
  of course there might have been some cases of rape-like behavior , i 'm not going to question this . 
  for the reason whythis happened in cologne . 
  cologne has a massive carneval every year , this keeps these gangs inthe city as they can pickpocket a lot during the carneval . 
  it also works well because cologne is a massively sexually liberal city . 
  it is almost customary for women to kiss strangers on their mouths during carneval , it is completely normal for both women and men to be overly sexual during festivities , grabbing a stranger 's ass rarely causes outrage in that city during these times . 
  it really is somehow a truly sexist idea to push through quotas as it insinuates that women are worth less and that they need systematic support to overcome their flaws . 
  as anecdotal as it is i have never heard from a `` strong '' ( a terrible word if you ask me ) or independent women that she likes quotas . 
  to me it seems that quotas are mostly not in the interest of women who are actually employed and who want to be treated equally to men . 
  my partner always gets mad when she hears about such ideas as she feels as if she were treated like a child . 
  i believe that 's the main point though . 
  positive results from diversity are pretty clear to everybody if you are talking about a very homogeneous workforce ( high education , same culture , same gender , same interests ) . 
  but nobody can truly think that these advantages are highest whenever you have a perfect harmony of 50:50 . 
  i actually think that perfect equality is the 3rd worst place to be in for a company ( number 1 being shared by 0 % male or 0 % female ) as you ca n't have an input from a minority ( thus valued highly ) if there is no minority , because they both are the same . 
  i think that a company works best if a 30-40 % minority could voice its opinion as 50 % means that there are , literally , no differences . 
  if you have two different candidates , you choose the one who fits your company most or the one with characteristics that you value very highly , i.e. 
  the one with the highest utility . 
  if you , for example , value this upcomming project very highly ( because it is the most important one this year ) , you might hire the first candidate . 
  if it 's not as important to use this new person because the upcoming project is just one of many , you probably should take the candidate who is more skilled and will help your company in the long run . 
  whether you like that candidate 's style , their hair color , their country of origin , or the gender , should play really no role . 
  yes , diversity is important , to some extend and depending on the work , but the primary reason of a company is ( not saying that it should be ) to conduct business . 
  diversity is a long-term strategy . 
  if the reason for employment lies in short-run goals , diversity should not be the priority . 
  there also needs to be an assessment whether positive results from a diverse environment are only possible once you have 50 % women/men or not . 
  quite frankly i think that these externalities are achieved way before that . 
  the marginal utility of more diversity after 40 % is most likely rather slim and therefore every push to increase it by another pp reduces the potential return on that . 
  i 'm also not entirely sure if these ideas , mostly supported by the social conservative wing of the left , are n't rather sexist to begin with . 
  personally i think that upbringing and culture is more important that genetic traits when it comes to positive stimulus through diversity . 
  so a push for more representation of people with lower education and `` alternative lifestyles '' ( harsh childhood , trauma , religion , worldview and poverty ) would probably lead to more diversity than a simply substitution of one middle-class young and highly educated male for a middle-class young and highly educated female . 
  personally i would also like to support this idea of some sort of food education in school . 
  not only do you reduce obesity but ( well for italy at least ) it could be massively beneficial for the industry . 
  not only do we have a massive industry regarding goods from pdo and pgi , which would eventually lead to more production if the italian youth buys regional products , it could also massively increase exports of these type of goods . 
  i think it 's so sad to see that the european public really fails to see the potential of pgi products . 
  especially if europe could manage to put it into free trade agreements it would eventually lead to curtailing of global competition while adding the possibility of increasing the market share for regional specialities . 
  this would also lead to more idenfication with local traditions ( e.g. 
  food , beverages ) and the chance of promoting national customs all over the world . 
  i agree but as you can not make a person stateless italy might have to live with him . 
  it 's sad to see that the swiss government simply wants to shift this problem to their neighbor . 
  what does rundfunk tv even mean ? 
  so what is factually wrong ? 
  and as i have studied american polity and specialized in the teleological aspects of the american institutions i actually doubt that you know more than me . 
  but why do n't you go ahead and tell me what is wrong with my assessment ? 
  or do you just hate it that a foreigner might know more about your own country ? 
  i probably should have phrased it a bit differently . 
  it 's not corrupt as in `` somebody is getting paid to change his/her opinion '' but rather corruption as in `` the system is n't working the way that it was intended '' . 
  in theory the dnc and the rnc should be neutral . 
  they should host the convention and give every potential candidate a platform for his opinions . 
  then the members of said party ( depending on the state laws these can also be non party members ) should vote to their liking . 
  if this neutral body stops being neutral it defeats the purpose of this polity . 
  the dnc should only build the framework and give the candidates a platform . 
  that should be its only purpose during an electoral campaign . 
  it should then , once a candidate has been chosen by the members , influence policy ( just as any party base does ), 
  you clearly have n't understood what i was saying . 
  but thanks for acting so aggressive . 
  i never actually said that having party members vote for their leader is a bad thing . 
  i also did n't state that it should be public . 
  what on earth are you actually talking about ? 
   having open primaries has been a voluntary thing parties do only going back about 50 years . 
  and now you act like it is some sacred institution ? 
  give me a break . 
  please quote me where i actually said such things . 
  why are you so hostile and make up something that i never actually said ? 
  is that the reason why the british single market has failed , as all the wealth gravitates towards london ? 
  i 'm sure west wales , belfast and cornwall are interested in ftas with britain rather than a single market , too ? 
  virtue signalling from politicians . 
  the fact alone that he could simply board a train in milan and get out in basel if he simply did n't act suspicious is clearly demonstrating that this is pure symbolism . 
  the appalling nature of making him an italian problem and basically saying `` as long as he kills italians , we do n't care '' demonstrates the lack of solidarity from parts of the swiss politicians . 
  do you think that many swiss support the idea of risking italian lives rather than swiss lives ? 
  to me this sounds like something that is really not swiss-like . 
  so you advocate to voluntarily kill hundreds of thousand of civilians to make a point ? 
  yeah , let 's carpet bomb damascus , after that we could put fire to houses in jakarta and islamabad . 
  maybe then these people might learn . 
  after all these muslims might bury their relatives in their nation 's capital while looking at the destruction of world heritage sites and cultural monuments , maybe then they will learn that they were all wrong . 
  i 'm not . 
  the amount of increased reporting on minuscule things is getting out of hand . 
  it 's weird that i have to defend myself from questions such as `` are n't you germans overreacting ?
