  he was never able to let this elitist behaviour behind . 
  it 's funny that you think his writing his terrible as he considers himself to be a writer rather than a journalist . 
  renzi certainly is in a socialist party . 
  considering that the pd still uses pci ( the c certainly does n't stand for capitalism ) structures in europe is reason enough . 
  it is part of si and a member of the pes . 
  trudeau 's li leaning party has been known to be a social liberal party since the 50s and 60s . 
  it 's main document underlines socialist policies meanwhile it obviously still retains many liberal values . 
  it 's support for ordoliberalism is also proof that it is , speaking about fiscal and monetary policy , more on the left than the right . 
  i grant you that trudeau 's party can be hard to categorize , but the pd certainly is socialist . 
  you basically repeated the argument that vitaly zolochevsky made when he called the open societies foundation undesirable . 
  the notion that freedom of speech is untouchable , unless some institution argues , on a normative level , that certain actors should be exempt , is in itself undermining the state of law . 
  in fact o'brien 's whataboutism that a news organisation ( that most people in europe see for what it is , trash ) should be able to be stopped for some reason other than laws is inherently hypocritical and defeats our main argument . 
  i 'm sick of these people deliberately undermining our position on coherence and human rights in international law by advocating for double standards . 
  well he certainly is n't using terror as a political strategy . 
  he owned weapons legally , was deemed unstable , cops came to take his guns away , he shot at them , basically proving that he is indeed unstable . 
  there was no terror used here , ergo it 's not terrorism . 
  he 's more or less the canadian renzi . 
  young , likes to talk and be in the spotlight , hardly on the left yet part of a socialist party , many assume that he 's actually supporting companies more than unions . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  this really does n't sound so terrible . 
  lamps falling down , parts of the ceiling . 
  sounds just like any public school in berlin . 
  it 's such a shame that rich countries such as germany and italy ca n't even have basic standards when it comes to educational infrastructure . 
  obama 's statements really have surprised me . 
  while it 's understandable that populists like to be in the spotlight no matter what outcome their presence might result in , it 's weird that obama voiced his opinion so publicly . 
  clearly he must have had some advisors telling him that it would be counterproductive . 
   if you want to play the equivalence game , it 's much like you insisting that every apartment must be painted bright pink with no exception . 
   one true way for the whole continent . 
  it 's more akin to you looking for an apartment when stumbling over an offer that says `` good apartment that is going to be painted pink some time in the future '' . 
  you then rent it and later complain when the painter is standing at your door . 
  european integration has been the goal since the beginning of the last century . 
  churchill himself supported it , his son in law founded the british european movement . 
  it was clear that proponents of federalization ( for example spinelli who was in the european commission when the uk joined ) would have massive influence , the treaties of rome clearly state that . 
  so the uk joined , knowing what would happen , only to jump off the ride after they had enough . 
  if britannia were a person you 'd call her an opportunistic freeloader . 
  speak for yourself . 
  you being against something does n't make the two of us `` us '' . 
  nobody in europe under said age will receive any pensions as the system is not sustainable or even supposed to be sustainable . 
  one of the main reasons why italy has this better perspective is because back in the day the italian government sent masses of people into early retirement at the age of 30-40 . 
  of course this was due to the ignorance both in politics and the public that demand for labor is constant and that kicking out the `` old '' people would free up spaces for the younger generations . 
  well in theory it does make sense . 
  for one it is entirely sensible to have the guardia di finanza to control everything regarding taxes and payments . 
  especially with rampant corruption in `` normal '' police corps in southern italy this is very useful . 
  it also helps that they are part of the italian military as this results in different legislation which probably cuts down on corruption inside this corps . 
  you then have a local police ( sometimes also called the municipal police or provincial police depending on the owning institution ) that is part of said body . 
  it increases efficiency and you can have different training standards as they mostly just monitor traffic and things like that . 
  then there 's the carabinieri who are basically mp . 
  traditionally this military corps was tasked with patrolling rural areas while the normal police was present in urban areas . 
  it 's still somewhat like that but they often share the same areas . 
  people who support having both corps often argue that having two independent groups increases competition , and therefore efficiency . 
  the carabinieri also have different task-groups that operate more like soldiers rather than police troops . 
  the one corps that is rather useless in my opinion is that there is the penitentiary police , which could easily be added to the normal police . 
  albeit the italian hc system is n't perfect , the idea of having a nationalized and simpler system ( akin the british nhs ) paid by the government , is much better than the idiotic pseudo-privatization that happened in germany and only led to an oligopoly both in supply for hospitals as well as an oligopoly for insurance . 
  the uk has some of the poorest areas in the eu that are even poorer than regions in southern italy . 
  this is also one of the reason why the eu is so heavily invested with its fund for regional development . 
  while italy has only below-average performing areas south of emilia-romagna ( with the exception of lazio and toscana which are above-average ) , the uk is generally performing terrible in each region north of england . 
  especially wales and to some extend even ni are worse , economically , than eastern germany . 
  this is all due to the wealth being held in london and the regions surrounding the british capital . 
  this is something that can also be observed in france , albeit the difference between \u00cele-de-france and the poorer regions is not as crass as in the uk . 
   you make one and think everyone else needs to be part of it , somehow the problem is that `` you '' is here the european union and that `` it '' refers to a plan launched by the european commission , after all the supposed government of the european union . 
  so the idea that the countries in eastern europe refused a german idea is pretty weird to begin with . 
  so instead of saying `` let 's bring this decision to the european people and the institutions that we joined some years ago '' , the eastern european countries proposed to let their people , a minority in the eu , use the , ridiculous , veto power in the european council to halt progress or any changes . 
  so instead of having a sensible debate in the parliament , the council , or via a citizens ' initiative ( that they could have easily started ) they decided to use the most undemocratic institution possible - all in the name of democracy . 
   poor russia . 
  ca n't bomb civilians in peace . 
  big meanies how on earth is this not whataboutism in the first place ? 
  the video above is about weaponry in donbas , followed by a moronic and nonsensical comment about russia killing civilians for fun . 
  clearly a reply that talks about civilians in yemen is less `` whataboutism '' than the comment about civilians being targeted on purpose . 
  christ , the level of debate in this sub ... 
  this makes no sense . 
  have you actually read the article ? 
  it clearly states that there are exceptions for religious and medical reasons . 
  things that make it * legal * to hide parts of your face . 
  whether nuns want to have their picture being taken with a veil or without is their own decision - mostly down to canon . 
  so claiming that nuns obey the law , which is exactly the reason why it 's allowed in switzerland , implying that muslims do n't , is completely weird . 
  now whether all this is a sensible law is another question . 
  but it 's legal - which is why it is being discussed . 
   your question is like asking , whats wrong with gay people being afraid of coming out of the closet it really is n't . 
  in fact it is nowhere close to being a good comparison . 
  the notion that burkas are the wrong ideology , implying that there has to be an underlying one , is evident of the failure to exits one 's discourse . 
  it 's incoherent to assume one thing due to one 's perceived , ergo subjective , stance on that matter . 
  in the end our main ideal is freedom , freedom to dress how we like , freedom to have nobody dictate clothing . 
  in the end this will lead to a state ideology similar to repercussions for anti social behaviour - as it was tradition in other free countries such as the gdr . 
  you do need consent from the person being photographed . 
  especially in france were privacy laws are incredibly strict . 
  and yes , this is even true for public places ( e.g. 
  a beach ) . 
  there are obviously exceptions . 
  however without knowing further details we can not know if this person was taking a picture of several people or just of this one woman . 
  in general taking a picture is a social interaction . 
  if he wanted to take a picture of just her , he should 've asked . 
  that 's what kind and good photographers do . 
  after all you enact with said person . 
  if he just took a picture of the panorama however , this is obviously impossible , in most coutries this would also be perfectly fine . 
  in france however art . 
  9 is incredibly powerful . 
  at least that 's how i learned it . 
  it might have changed since 2014 but i doubt it . 
  nice meme , tough guy . 
  i do n't understand what the problem is supposed to be .
