  the crew wanted to shoot down an enemy airplane and accidentally struck civilians . 
  that 's terrible but for the war it is highly irrelevant . 
  as putin did n't order anybody to shoot down civilian aircrafts , as he has no reason to do so , this has be an accident . 
  however , he can be blamed for starting this war and he can also be blamed to giving high tech weapons to probably not very well trained separatists . 
  but a part of the blame should also be directed to ukraine , the video clearly stated this in the final conclusion , which you surprisingly left out . 
  ukraine knew that russia had these weapon systems and that they were operating in ukraine . 
  they should have closed the area for air traffic . 
  ukrainian negligence , russian aggression and the seperatists ' itchy trigger finger resulted in this tragedy . 
  but none of these factions shot the plane down on purpose . 
  russia did n't do it out of hatred for dutch and ukrainians , ukraine did n't leave the airspace open to provoke this incident and the seperatists did not try to damage putin 's and their own cause . 
  much edge , many atheism . 
  and the submarine was paid for by some bail-out of germany , similar to the thing in greece, 
  it 's quite clear that the comment was twisted . 
  now i do n't know if this was some rightwing conspiracy , but i 'm sure that many people exploited these wrong portrayal of leadsom . 
  and many people bought into the lies because it feels good to be on the winning side . 
  so i 'm happy that an opposite politician is gonee , but i hate how she went . 
  this could be easily avoided if you 'd convince people to only pay if it works electronically . 
  if the driver forgot to charge the thing , it 's his problem and a free tour for the passenger . 
  i do n't think so . 
  circumcision is traditional , banning it would change dramatically a very important part of this religion 's tradition . 
  a tattoo of jesus is not traditional and in no way part of that religion . 
  a better comparison would be to compare circumcision to ecclesial jurisdiction . 
  the latter was scrapped in favour of a secular state that became the sole institution that was able to have an executive , judiciary and legislative body . 
  in this case people need to make something clear . 
  any change to a child 's body should be banned . 
  whether it 's religious circumcision or getting your 2 year old a wu-tang-clan a tattoo . 
  if these children think that they 'll have to have their body altered because of their religion or their believe in hip hop , they can decide on their own once they can form their owwn thoughts . 
  so 14 or 16 depending on your country . 
  i believe in germany children can be tattooed with 16 if their parents allow it . 
  until then children should n't be touched but for medical necessities . 
  it 's not about punishing a religion , it 's about protecting children . 
  and they need to be protected . 
  regardless if it is breast implants , hormone blocking for gender identities , circumcision , massive earholes or tattoos . 
  judaism would have to adapt , but that 's the price if you want to live in a republic rather than in a theocracy . 
  i 'm sure that you could have festivities for 14 year olds and that the festivities for babies could be more ceremonial ones . 
  what on earth has that to do with anything ? 
  it is the house were hitler was born . 
  whataboutism, 
  thats 's also a reason . 
  basically during the 90s italy tried to become a second silicon valley which was an obvious failure . 
  if you look at the infrastructure you 'll see that italy is still more than a decade behind most current technologies . 
  digital economy has barely picked up and companies based on internet are virtually inexistent . 
  aluminum also just sounds weird . 
  same thing with `` third semester '' . 
  drives me nuts . 
  do you say downgeloaded or gedownloaded ? 
  i 've never actually heard the first one . 
  what an unsubstantiated claim . 
  name 9 out of the 10 last nato missions where the enemy did this as a doctrine . 
   it was an organized misogynist attack and very possibly a hate crime that 's a lie and the opposite has been stated by the police . 
  it 's despicable to try to push your right wing agenda especially if it 's clearly against the rules . 
   i though the new year 's eve sexual assaults in germany where bad enough , now this what do mean ? 
  this is exactly one of the persons who was there on new year 's eve . 
  what do you think would be the correct sentence for a `` forced kiss '' ? 
  after all you need to keep in mind that this is cologne , one of the most liberal cities in germany where it is almost collectively accepted to kiss strangers during festivities . 
  anything more than community service would be ridiculous and i doubt that anybody from cologne would push for more than that . 
  it 's okay if people from other countries see this as some sort of `` weak sentence '' but please keep in mind that for germans , in particular for colognians , this would sound reasonable . 
  it 's a troubling situation but this is russia 's ultimate goal . 
  russia has always been a major trade partner for greece and when the sanctions were imposed , greece was one of the countries that was hurt pretty badly . 
  the following relationship with europe further deteriorated when greece was in crisis . 
  russia was there to `` help '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the current change in turkey is also a result of just this . 
  greece aligning more and more with russia , while turkey becomes isolated is yet another point why turkey might have to backpedal on how it treats russia . 
  i 'm fairly positive that putin would be glad if turkey kept alienating itself from the rest of europe due to erdogan . 
  turkey is certainly the weak link in nato and putin has realized this . 
  i hope that the other european politicians begin realizing this and try to prevent the worst outcome : russia pushing for turkey and nato doing nothing at all . 
  november would be an interesting time for this . 
  i get that there is some cooperation but in the end one has to ask : why do these countries not share one military ? 
  the interests of the baltic states are virtually the same . 
  finland has very similar goals too . 
  it would be better to have a common army that can be way more effective than any cooperation between these countries . 
  pooling weapons and other equipment , training and maintenance would seriously cut down on cost and eventually lead to an army that is more powerful than these countries alone . 
  i understand that military means sovereignty for some . 
  but if the main goal of these countries is to defend themselves they should unite . 
  it might sound unorthodox and weird but in the end that 's the best strategy . 
  long term goals are not going to change . 
  these 4 countries have a similar past , a similar present and due to their membership in the eu a similar future . 
  there is no animosity between these countries and they do n't fear each other . 
  they simply fear russia , which is understandable . 
  but if these countries want to actually pose a threat they need to unite, 
   none of us voted for the austere mr. juncker , who is nominated by the european council and approved by the european parliament . 
  wow . 
   after 17 years of the euro , to have the economies of france , spain , italy and greece ( which adopted the currency in 2001 ) jesus . 
  one might think that they actually check their articles for consistency . 
  this is just awful . 
  huh ? 
  it 's still not an argument against a federal government . 
  it 's an argument against intergovernmentalism , but not against a more powerful eu . 
  if the decisions are made on a european level you have as much power as any german or any french . 
  only in a system that does n't give everyone the same political power can you be forced by a stronger country to do what they tell you to do . 
   are you seriously not seeing how news and graphic images of women being blown up to pieces , bleeding out and being violently raped by enemy combatants will have a significantly different effects on overall morale than the same things happening to men ? 
  considering that there are many women who get blown up and bleed out all over the world and in several militaries without having any kind of impact on other soldiers , i fail to see how this is any way relevant . 
  the impact of cutting one 's throat is probably not that much different from videos where men ( yes , this does happen ) are raped and mutilated . 
  why a women in that position would change anything is quite frankly a weird statement that is entirely subjective . 
  also : how many soldiers get captured by isis ? 
  and how many soldiers are n't then killed on the spot ? 
  preventing equality because there might be one women who might be caught and might be raped and might lower morale which then might lower the effectiveness of the whole army , is really just a stretch . 
  do n't you see that ? 
   captured in combat they 'll wind up being raped and sold into sex slavery what type of army does that to pows ? 
  if you are talking about isis and other terrorists , i doubt that this would be a good argument , considering that they 'd burn male soldiers alive or cut their heads off on live tv .
