  that would be nice . 
  but it would be a lie . 
  fact is that nobody can prevent this , and telling something different is pure symbolic populism . 
  looks like italy tricked the french when they sold it back in 1860 . 
   no it would not be if germany would stop subsidising coal . 
  that 's not true . 
  coal ( i.e. 
  lignite and hard coal ) are more expensive than nuclear energy . 
  even with current prices for co2 ( which are near zero ) variable costs are much higher for coal . 
  which is why they are feed into the energy system after nuclear energy . 
  coal is massively expensive . 
  only gas and coal ( high peak plants ) are more expensive on the spot market . 
  that 's by far one of the weirdest comments i have read here on reddit so far . 
  armenia is n't muslim , it also has no problems caused by religion . 
  have you ever been there , or even bothered to look that country up on wikipedia ? 
   just like the gaybashing/call for murder of gay people in some christian african countries were terrible publicity for christianity . 
  only a moron would think badly about christians in europe because other christians on the other side of the world are insane ( this also goes for fundamentalists in the us ) . 
  nobody said that christianity looked bad when breivik killed children because of some distorted will for holy crusades . 
  i 'm sorry but why would you think that muslims get bad publicity because of some morons in turkey ? 
  it 's the equivalent of saying that jews have a bad reputation because israel is occupying territory , or that europeans are all racist just because some idiots in germany burn buildings that could be associated with refugees . 
  they probably enjoy football just as much , if not more , than people who only watch football every two years on television . 
  this rethoric to exclude certain people from the group because they do not fit the image , is rather weird and alienating and has something of a cleansing touch . 
  many terrorist attackers in france are french , even though politicians try to negate that . 
  same idea . 
  it 's impressive how you fail to see how being against illegal occupation is n't , in any way , antisemitic . 
  most people are against russia annexing crimea , not being against israeli occupations would be hypocritical . 
  it 's time that people like you stop to see the state of israel as a synonym for a religion that has followers all over the world . 
  if somebody calls for israel to respect international rights , it is not antisemitic . 
  it 's honest and correct . 
  the same way that the eu should n't import goods from crimea with a `` made in russia '' label , europe should n't import goods from occupied territories in the middle-east . 
  is asking for consistency in foreign policy so hard to understand ? 
  okay , so we should fight extremists with extremism ? 
  why do we fight them then if we are literally the same ? 
  the reason why it works in bulgaria is that - surprise - it 's bulgaria . 
  your muslim has n't grown since over 100 years ( no really , it is more or less the same since 1890 ) . 
  the radical elements there are way lower . 
  your muslim community is part of your country and identifies as bulgarian . 
  in now way can you compare a part of the former ottoman empire to countries that were only influenced by christianity and have only seen muslim immigrants starting with decolonialization, 
  no , that only targets people who are poor and join the is because of their poverty . 
  all the others have to be targeted through moderate imams and deradicalization projects . 
  from personal experience i know that many french , regardless of their upbringing , burned cars back in 2006 . 
  it is in no way a muslim thing , as evidenced by young europeans burning cars all over europe regardless of their religion, 
  basically by investing in infrastructure in poorer areas which are generally notorious for radicalizing people . 
  what also needs to be done , and where france is incredibly bad compared to other countries , is to improve deradicalization programs . 
  they do work and paired with a program that creates jobs for these people ( after all we are talking about 40 % youth unemployment in those areas ) they can give people a future . 
  another possibility , where france is n't doing much due to her polity , is to control mosques and actually training imams and other preachers to follow a moderate version of islam . 
  as for now there is no push for policies ( this is true for other countries as well ) to support more education in those areas . 
  for comparison : other countries have christian theology as university degrees . 
  the ideology teached there is not radical or fundamentalist . 
  it teaches a moderate and humanist version of christianity . 
  that 's the reason why there are n't any radical christians in these countries ( unlike the us , which coincidentally , does n't have this concept ) . 
  the same should be applied to islam to have preachers who do teach about a humanist version and who actively fight radicalization . 
  those are just some examples of how to combat radicalization which will probably work better than more cops and more surveillance . 
   the rebels do n't have an air force . 
  that 's factually incorrect . 
  please do not post lies to further your agenda . 
  the ukrainian government has reportedly shot down several aircraft so far . 
  that 's also why ukraine has been deploying anti-air vehicles in that region to shoot down enemy aircraft . 
   there 's no one else with the ability and motive in the region except the rebels . 
  any sane person with more than 3 brain cells understands this . 
  i personally do not understand why you have to insult others . 
  it does n't strengthen your argument and it makes you soound like an asshole tbh . 
  no party had any interest in shooting down a civilian aircraft . 
  clearly not the ukrainian army and even less so the separatists . 
  it 's most likely clear that it were the latter who shot down the plane but it was clearly not on purpose . 
  it was a mistake , caused by the fact that russia gave high tech weapons to untrained insurgents , but it was n't a deliberate attack on a civilian aircraft . 
  they probably thought that it was a military jet and accidentally shot down a civilian plane . 
  by giving the french lower class a future . 
  people have said a decade ago that the young french , who burned cars and attacked the police , were a perfect target for terrorists . 
  clearly this is a problem that can only be solved in the long-run , but in the end this is the only possibility to prevent future attacks . 
  there also needs to be a good strategy for the middle east , symbolic bombing runs on abandoned is-structures will not hurt the is in the slightest . 
  one could also question the french colonial policy in africa which also leads to more immigration towards france, 
  yeah that did n't happen . 
  sure , some shit newspapers have claimed it but it never happened . 
  he never left the country and he certainly never asked for asylum . 
  it 's the british brexit conundrum . 
  leave and you ca n't blame everything on brussels . 
  no nation simply abandons their traditional scapegoat . 
  oh , so you are a troll . 
  damn , you got me . 
  i 'm also german btw , and i , unlike yourself , have understood our constitution . 
  if the military is defending the teleological reasoning of the constitution . 
  to them any attempt to undermine the idea behind the constitution is treason . 
  to subversive elements ( i.e. 
  erdogan ) it is obviously treason to prevent them from reaching their goals . 
  coming from somebody who has a germany tag , a country that explicitly allows violence in the case of subversion , your comments are a bit rich . 
  the fact that you do not understand your own constitution is baffling . 
  parts of the military tried to overthrow an authoritarian president . 
  in their eyes they had the duty to do this , as the populace did n't try to stop these attempts . 
  there is no normative value to that sentiment . 
  dispicable comment . 
  most likely . 
  he probably heard about the coup , convinced some parts of the military to refrain from attacking him and not telling the others about their sudden change of heart . 
  he then let it happen because it is an incredibly good opportunity to achieve his goals . 
  the rebels thought that they had more support but when they realized that this was n't true , it was already to late . 
  faking a coup is incredibly hard , knowing about it and letting it happen ( in a controlled manner ) is much , much easier . 
  i personally think this might be the end of the turkish republic . 
  erdogan 's will eventually end and the territory of turkey will probably shrinken . 
  i do n't think that it 's unlikely that other countries will carve out pieces out of turkey . 
  kurdistan surely will .
