  remain would have changed a lot for brussels and leave did change even more . 
  all in all it was an idiotic referendum because there was no possibility for any middle ground . 
  it 's sad to see the uk go , but having it in with a huge majority still disliking the resulting integration process would have been equally hard . 
  i seriously believe that a dissolution of the united kingdom is needed to fix the huge internal problems . 
  of course all of this could have been avoided if the britons voted yes to av . 
  it could have also been avoided if britain followed the italian approach of federalizing the entire country , giving huge autonomy to scotland , wales and ni . 
  huh ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  has the eurozone finally collapsed ? 
  after all critics have been saying this for 16 years now . 
  poland is probably only eastern europe for somebody bordering the atlantic . 
  it 's western europe by all means . 
  absurd thing to say . 
  what on earth ? 
  there has been a lot of debate surrounding security standards but i ca n't see anything wrong here . 
  yes they managed to breach the security but this is expected . 
  nobody on earth can stop a determined terrorist from killing himself and others . 
  these officers did react in an incredible manner that is incredibly brave and noble . 
  the gif demonstrates this quite clearly . 
  isis wanted to kill hundreds of people and they failed . 
  because the police was there and realized quickly what was going on . 
  the fact that many people still died is tragic but we should look at this realistically . 
  they came with taxis and there was only a short time frame where the police could react . 
  these people truly are heroes . 
  voting because you were gullible and trusted known liars is democratic . 
  the people voted how they felt . 
  obviously it was n't an informed vote , but this is n't a requirement for democracy . 
  maybe leaving the eu is the most important thing . 
  maybe some people do n't care about efta , a trashed pound , economic recession , the end of the uk . 
  maybe they just wanted to leave the eu . 
  there are 200.000 turks in berlin . 
  that 's about 5 % of the population . 
  3 million in germany . 
  clearly turkey has some special relationship with germany . 
  i doubt that this would have happened if they were n't there . 
  i am not interested in portraying europe as racist . 
  but i criticized our cities for not displaying a lebanese flag . 
  i understand that it is symbolism but if it is symbolic we can expect to be objective . 
  we mourn , well , not really , for nigeria , france , belgium , lebanon , the us and turkey . 
  we can display this . 
  `` has been revealed to be the lithuanian eu commissioner for health and food safety '' the fact that this has to be pointed out speaks an awful lot about the british knowledge of european politics . 
  he 's one of the 27 commissioners under juncker . 
  `` and neither represent their constituents nor have life experience . '', 
  i never understood this . 
  these are people who travel on a daily basis . 
  they probably have more life experience than most people who work a 9 to 5 job in an office for 20 years . 
  why do you think that working in an office somehow qualifies you more for a political office than somebody who studied history or jurisprudence ? 
  take andriukaitis for example : what does his work have to do with most of his political work ? 
  clearly for his portfolio it sounds nice . 
  but does it really matter ? 
  he worked in lithuania for most of his time . 
  his knowledge about techniques regarding his profession might be extensive but they are n't that interesting for being health minister or commissioner for health . 
  even less so is the assumption that a doctor is knowledgeable about food safety anything other but wishful thinking and a huge generalization . 
  vladimir putin is hitler . 
  is this what you were getting at ? 
  poland is grabbing everything west of kiev , too ? 
   i mean polish paratroopers from the uk dropped to fight as partisans against germans during wwii were probably not victims as well , right ? 
  you clearly do n't understand the difference between a volunteer and professional soldiers . 
  it 's futile to debate any further unless you learn the difference . 
  what happened in cologne ? 
  and how did you learn about those incident ? 
  through the press ? 
  euronews , bbc world , wdr , rai . 
  i do n't know . 
  there are many . 
  have n't you seen those ? 
  most countries that have the public fund tv broadcasters are funding it through a `` tax '' as you call it . 
  italy does it . 
  the united kingdom does it . 
  switzerland introduced a similar system . 
  in austria you have to pay for each television and radio that you have ( similar to the old system in germany ) . 
  if you do n't fund it through a transparent payment it 'll be payed through taxes . 
  it 's hard to see what is supposedly wrong with the current system especially since nobody is n't affected by public broadcasting . 
  virtually everybody in germany watches television and news on ard or zdf . 
  almost everybody listens to some sort of public radio station ( especially in north rhine-westfalia where private stations do not exist at all ) . 
  even if there are 2 or 3 isolated people in germany who do not have any access to public broadcasting ( or private as you are also paying for laws on them ) it serves a certain public goal . 
  information needs to free and objective . 
  this is not possible for private companies ( as news on those channels are mandated and therefore shit ) . 
  i agree that there is way to much influence through politicians and that it is still biased to some extend but it 's better than most channels in countries that do not have this sort of system . 
  personally i believe that 50 % of the payments should be able to be distributed according to one 's liking to certain editorial offices or budgets ( for example i 'd pay into politics , shows for consumer rights , but i would n't pay for royals , celebrities and folk music ), 
  that 's what i meant . 
  xou have to participate in a democracy to be heard . 
  simply going to an election every 4 or 5 years is n't enough . 
  join a party and a union and participate to shape national policies . 
  i understand that this could be abused but in a time where people have more and more access to information , through television , radio , and internet , i do n't think that this would disenfranchise people . 
  after all it 's a simple step to get informed . 
  taxes are no reason to underline the electoral rights . 
  otherwise you 'd be able to claim that people who do n't pay taxes should n't be able to vote . 
  which is ironic , as you try to claim that i 'd like to strip people from their rights . 
  that meme surely adds a lot to the discussion, 
  look at any plenary session from 2015 . 
  it is obvious that there is a disconnection between most meps and the british representatives . 
  generally it 's the tory or ukip delegates that constantly derail meetings . 
  maybe the workers could join a union or go to elections . 
  way to late . 
  the refugee crisis was already underway in 2013 . 
  italy and greece had massive problems and asked for help but the other countries did nothing . 
  even germany did nothing and basically said `` well , it 's not our fault that you are bordering the middle east and africa '' . 
  merkel only did what she did because she saw that the majority of the germans were sympathetic with the refugees , something that changed pretty quickly . 
  the nation states could have solved this way sooner .
