  '' , `` why does everybody feel like everything is terrorism ? '' . 
  most people do not overreact and are rather calm , concerned but calm . 
  the fact that a vocal minority is getting all the airtime should n't mean that everybody here in germany is afraid of the `` muslim dude '' . 
  i still go to the barber without fear that he might cut my head off , i still go out at night , without fearing that everybody is out to get me and my `` people '' . 
  i 'm also not sure if it 's such a good statement to focus on portrayed `` weakness '' rather than strength in times were solidarity and bravery is actually direly needed . 
  seriously . 
  this garbage is getting out of hand . 
  yeah , fear islamists if you want . 
  but this continuous bullshit about `` a darker skinned guy looked at me funny '' or `` he mumbled something in arabic - i 'm sure he was talking about killing my dog for islam ! '', 
  is tiring and makes this country look like every single person here is a pansy . 
  the one where brad marshall wanted to have somebody ask sanders about his religion to undermine his victory chances in kentucky and west virginia was probably one . 
  as the dnc runs the convention it should be absolutely neutral and refrain from aiding one candidate over the other . 
  by actively trying to undermine sanders ( and thus aiding clinton ) it displayed a corrupt behavior . 
  not only is is arrogant and incredibly bigoted to assume that somebody should talk about a candidate 's religion ( added with blanket generalizations that christians do n't like jews , wtf ... ) , it 's inherently corrupt that a neutral body that runs the process of picking a suitable candidate , has a favourite candidate that it actively supports . 
  this would have been fine outside of the dnc , but he wrote it with his work e-mail . 
  and addressed his colleagues . 
  i 'm absolutely sure that the rnc does the same btw . 
  i 'm in no way a republican . 
  however we need to address corruption and act against it . 
  it undermines the democratic process if the idea of primaries is n't being supported by the main organization that runs them . 
  huh ? 
  these emails show that the dnc is highly corrupt . 
  you ca n't dispute that . 
  i take it that you 'd like to see whistleblowers to be jailed because everything that they did was illegal . 
  that 's still pretty weird to me but hey . 
  some people apparently are against liberal ideas and transparency . 
  economists are against it because it does n't serve any purpose . 
  it reduces notconly growth but economic ties which can be used for leverage . 
  if there are no ties there is nothing to prevent russia from harming europe , because they would n't lose anything in their economy . 
  it further makes no sense because it puts pressure on russia when you should actually increase relief ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  rather than increasing repression ( which russia has to increase for keeping loyalty up ) one should increase financial aid that comes with requirements , such as decreasing repression . 
  so rather than giving russia a taste of the stick one should always have some sort of carrot . 
  punishment without incentives only lead to animosity ( a good example is iran , or even iraq ) and pushes russia towards china . 
  in the short-run this sounds not so bad , and that 's why politicians like sanctions ( `` look we act really tough '' ) but in the long-run it 's a terrible idea . 
  increased economic ties eventually lead to alliances ( that 's why we are allied to the us after all ) and increasing economic ties between russia and china will increase their common understanding and improve their relationship . 
  to reduce the threat from russia , europe should invest in it . 
  increase cooperation between europe and russia and this will eventually lead to more political friendship . 
  the same way that sk and nk share industries , we should share an entire border zone with russia . 
  eventually this will mean that both parties will only threaten to close down the economic zone - rather than threatening to invade the baltics or pointing weapons towards russia . 
  this will then lead to compromise rather than sabre-rattling . 
  i 'm sure putin is going to shit himself about the extra troops in poland and the russian ambassador being called to the oval office ... 
  the postillon is as much as serious newspaper as charlie hebdo ... 
  yes , but i simply do not buy this idea that russia is out to invade every single country . 
  basically russia is an autocracy . 
  putin rules to a certain extend as a quasi dictator . 
  but as rousseau tells us , every system has to have the support of the people and the ruling elite . 
  and for that putin has to act like the mighty horse-riding defender of the motherland . 
  for that he has to act like the west is out to get him . 
  invading ukraine and georgia is basically a game for him to appease his people and his elite ( that wants to see him have the backing of the russian people ) . 
  in understand that the us is to some extend putting pressure on the rf from the east but other theatres are clearly not aimed to protect europe from russia . 
  it is often used to protect sk and to keep china at bay - clearly it serves a global good goal but for european politicians it really is of no value as they ca n't win anything due to the public 's apathy . 
  this is where the positions of europe and the us deviate . 
  and i think it 's important to keep this mind when talking about nato . 
  for most countries nato is a system to protect us from russia ( baltics , poland etc. ) . 
  the reason why some countries ( italy , greece ) do not see russia as a threat is because they are far away . 
  for them nato ( not only because of gladio ) does n't sound like the best deal . 
  but if you look at the eu as a whole it is quite clear that it has to increase defenses near russia . 
  so the eu is using nato to increase defense , the us however have much more interests ( even outside nato ) . 
  this is hardly surprising as juncker has often demonstrated that he was n't interestet in this . 
  of course it does . 
  you can tell by looking at the years that it was left wing terrorism . 
  what is your point ? 
  that you do n't understand what happened in the 70s and 80s ? 
  it 's mostly a demand for solidarity and a strong loyalty that goes as far as being a , voluntary or not , offering for the cause . 
  what this action however is trying to achieve is to stop terrorism from achieving its main goal : terror . 
  so far it is working perfectly with people demanding more security and the voluntary restrictions on freedom . 
  it works because many , not all , people are scared for their lives . 
  media is a key institution for putting forward the terrorists demand and aiding them in their cause . 
  less reporting ( as in no needless 10h coverage over a local attempted murder ) could solve a lot . 
  there is also the idea that many people ( as evidenced by germany last week ) simply claim to be isis because of their own desire to be famous . 
  look at munich . 
  a whole city that was turned upside down because of one deranged right wing extremist . 
  a local incident that usually would n't have led to massive international coverage . 
  this proves that terrorism is working very well , and that many people can abuse the public 's fear to become famous . 
  there needs to be some changes and a change in media is a good start . 
  we should copy the media 's approach in countries that have terrorist attacks on a daily basis . 
  there you do n't have this weird fetishization that our media likes to demonstrate . 
  the biggest clusterfuck ? 
  have you forgotten the raf ? 
  he was german , born in germany , identified as german . 
  what on earth is foreign about him ? 
  his ancestry ? 
  sure , but he said himself that he is german . 
  why do you guys always assume that there is some massive conspiracy going on ? 
  this rw victim complex ( muh women , muh nation ) is getting annoying . 
  he was a rw extremist , end of story . 
  nothing to be interpreted , nothing to assume . 
  there is no rw organization where he could have become a membership . 
  he was right-wing and an extremist . 
  if europe were n't thought to be the root of all evil that 's obviously true . 
  but they do think that and we 'll have to react to that . 
  2 sorties a day , targeting empty house ( as hollande did after paris ) wo n't change anything . 
  it will probably only make it worse because no it 's not `` france as a member of the west '' but rather `` the nation that has planes flying over our heads dropping bombs '', 
  the problem with nato , that commentators often overlook : the us has a different goal . 
  a huge share of its military spending gets used in the pacific for aiding sk , japan or australia . 
  all of these nations have virtually no military ties to european nations that often only look south or east . 
  with the exception of britain and france who invest heavily in defending their interests near argentina and in africa , the other countries only fear russia and the middle east . 
  this is one of the reasons why the idea of comparing military spending is idiotic . 
  the us invests more than any other country , but they also have a lot more places to be engaged in . 
  most european countries could n't care less about the south china sea or the border between nk and sk .
