  quite frankly i think that this family was treated way to kindly for what it did and what it tried to do . 
  exiling them was a rather measured response , especially when you think about the time and what happened to mussolini . 
  you do n't have to wait for a campaign to stop by . 
  if your constituency voted tory for 40 years you still can vote for the labour delegate on the ballot . 
  yes , you might have never seen them . 
  but if s/he gets elected you 'd know that this person is going to follow labour policies . 
  it 's probably better than the tory policies that you want to get rid off . 
  the best possibility however would still be to join a party yourself and vote for the person that is keen to represent your constituency . 
  you ca n't tell me that there is n't going to be one person in sunderland who is n't impassioned with his region and who 'd make a good candidate . 
  they could have supported that guy and get him elected . 
  it 's not really that hard to convince people to stop voting for the party that they do n't like and that has n't changed anything . 
  after all the major parties only start campaigning a year before the election . 
  the good candidate could have started his campaign years before that . 
  i understand that this is not everybody 's cup of tea but if they simply look on the ballot on election day and say `` huh , no good candidate , let 's vote for the tories ( or labour ) again , like we always do '' they wo n't change anything . 
  somebody has to step up . 
  exactly . 
  there is a growing consensus that the broadening of the union ( euro and non-euro , schengen and not-schengen , efta and single market ) is a bad concept . 
  it has been stated that any new member state would not be getting any more opt-outs or possibilities of abusing the framework . 
  if britain gets to keep some things it sets a bad precedent , especially with regards to denmark and other non-euro countries . 
   things are shit now , and they 're likely going to be shit for a while but when you have china and the us helping you - there literally is no better help anywhere in the world than that . 
  you really do n't think that any of those countries do it because of them being samaritans , do you ? 
  china , especially the regime , still harbors massive resentment over their common path and any agreement is only going to happen because of two things : more soft power over a former enemy , as evidenced by the general policies regarding the uk , and reducing the influence that the us has over britain . 
  the us is going to try to help because of the same reason : preventing china from getting any more influence over european countries , and keeping an ally aligned to us policy . 
  britain is the ball between the american and the chinese team , trying to score a goal . 
  an agreement with china will ultimately lead to a divestment in britain as it would fit well into chinese `` aid '' policy . 
  many britons have realized this and are strictly against any more cooperation . 
  ( the tories were in fact called out on their terrible negotiation skills ) the uk would be better off with the us as a main trading partner but this would ultimately make britain a junior partner of the us ( similar to australia and canada ) . 
  but i seriously doubt that the tories would be interest in any off this - china is better at filling their own pockets . 
  53 % of the german voters support a hard line when it comes to the treatment of britain . 
  i expect that merkel is going to change her position during the next week if she hears about this . 
  usually when public opinion is diametrically opposed to her position she changes her stance in a heartbeat . 
  personally i thought that britain was getting a better treatment due to merkel believing that germans do n't want any sort of `` punishment '' , but if they really do , merkel will align her position accordingly . 
  i think that august is going to see european countries finding a common position . 
  2 full months of animosity until the new pm gets elected . 
  why do they have to vote in september though ? 
  ca n't be that hard to print some ballots and send them with the royal mail to all party members . 
  everybody know that the us is n't going to use nuclear weapons on russia . 
  not only would both countries turn into wastelands but even for a post-fallout us it would make no sense . 
  the us uses nuclear weapons as deterrent . 
  using them once is going to show every country on earth where the line of using them is going to be . 
  it 's a bad move for foreign relations , that in the us 's case are often based on military might . 
  russia is n't going to use nuclear weapons and the us is n't going to use them either . 
  putin wants to keep the country together . 
  using a common enemy ( the west , the us , europe , ukrainian `` fascists '' ) are all useful to him because he can present himself as the strong man in front of the oligarchs behind his back . 
  putin probably does n't care one iota about georgia or ukraine . 
  they are simply tools for him to use so that he can say `` look how strong we are . 
  the west wo n't attack ! '', 
  quite frankly this all can be stopped by drawing a clear line with stationed troops at the nato border , and every country that asks for nato 's help . 
  not some symbolic flags and banners on gimmicky trucks that only show how bad communication is within nato . 
  ( there was an excellent article in a german newspaper about the problems of missing equipment and terrible logistics during these missions ) . 
  all these strong words retain the status quo ( which is probably not that bad for the us if we are honest ) . 
  there is no plan on pacifying russia after putin , no strategy on how to support democratic opposition . 
  every convention of tanks and fighter jets in poland and turkey are actually aiding putin as he 's able to say `` look , they ca n't do shit . 
  they did n't help georgia , they did n't help ukraine . 
  i could take turkey and they would n't do anything '' . 
  and he 's right . 
  do you think that the european people would want a war in defense of erdogan ? 
  germany and france did n't join for iraq . 
  i 'd bet my money that italy , poland , britain and greece would n't join to defend turkey . 
  it 's a precarious situation and it 's only a question of time until nato will be put to a real stress test . 
   now go away and leave me alone with your shitty comments . 
  ah , i get it know . 
  you are a supporter or the hard right . 
  i actually thought you were somewhere left of the spectrum but you are actually deeply conservative of traditional and regressive values . 
  `` secondly , if people tell you `` not really '' , then you should stop . 
  period . 
  if your girlfriend is ok with you trying to fuck her after she said `` no '' , then that is between you two guys . '', 
  basically agreeing that it is n't a so clear cut statement . 
  it 's also nice to see you buying into another conservative realm . 
  there fable of traditional gender roles . 
  you are going all out there , chap . 
  last but not least : `` another moronic one ? 
  '' , is an impressive demonstration of the basic rhetoric of the cross-front . 
  do n't debate , insult . 
   moronic comments thank you very much . 
  i generally do n't reply to people who are generally acting like children , but i 'll do it anyway . 
  personally i 've been in situations where i said this and without any further word changed my opinion on the situation . 
  i asked my girlfriend and she said the same thing . 
  how on earth you are going to claim that i was raped by my partner , my exes or that i raped her or she was raped by others , quite frankly , i have no idea . 
  and i think it 's despicable that you think that you do know my sex life . 
  go ahead and tell it to my face that i was raped and simply do n't know yet . 
  please . 
  german law has a clear distinction between sexual abuse and rape . 
  it 's quite literal to be honest . 
  as rape literally implies a show of force ( it derives from rapum , as in to forcefully strip something from someone ) the logical consequence is that rape ( or vergewaltigung in german , notice the gewalt in the word meaning violence ) can only be considered in cases where people are being pinned down and forced through , well , force . 
  everything different , such as drugging somebody or abusing a drunk person . 
  because in the end the abuser abused the position of a person . 
  he was on point on every single article so far . 
  the fact that he is writing a polemic article does n't mean that he 's insulting women ( still waiting for a quote on that btw ) . 
  clearly you never had sex or your understanding of english ( or german as in this case ) is utterly terrible . 
  if a says to b `` do you want to have sex ? '', 
  and b replies with `` not really '' but a continues to initiate intercourse and b by body language clearly changes their position , it is not rape . 
  do n't insinuate that it is because you 'd be insulting rape victims . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  cyprus is part of schengen . 
  as is malta . 
  he actually did convert to euros and earned a few hundred million dollars on it . 
  eventually , after the war , iraq converted back to dollars , pressured by the us, 
  russia is by law allowed to put nuclear weapons whereever it pleases them , as long as it is on their own soil . 
  nato , not being a sovereign nation and a treaty member , does n't have that right .
