  i take it that you want to hear that it was started by russia . 
  it was but that really is n't what we are currently debating . 
  it 's still a civil war because it fulfills all requirements to be labeled as such . 
  a civil war started and funded by a foreign power for its own aspirations . 
  still a civil war . 
  `` that 's where my example with isis came from : how many europeans need to support isis to make it 's attacks on europe a `` civil war '' ? 
  btw , the territorial argument does not apply here as isis 's aim is world-wide caliphate , not just take iraq or syria . '', 
  that 's where you are deviating from the argument . 
  a civil war means that in country a there are two militant factions , organized as armies , fighting eachother , with the aspiration of gaining control . 
  is is n't commanding an army of insurgents in europe . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  the volunteers fighting for the islamic state are also not organized in brigades and other army organizations . 
  also , and this is the main part , europe is n't using its armies inside of europe to fight against isis , it is not capturing isis-held towns and cities because isis is n't controlling any . 
  refer to the checklist by the icrc to see why isis in europe is n't a civil war . 
  therefore the reference to the caliphate , which in theory is true , does n't matter . 
  there is no territory held in europe , therefore there is no civil war . 
  `` likewise , following your triest example , wwii was not a civil war for ussr , despite thousands of ussr citizens fighting for germany , because ussr mostly relied on its own powers , whereas pro-german groups were mostly on direct german supply . '', 
  i meant that triest was a city that was frequented by 3 nations . 
  it was austrian/german , italian as well as slavic . 
  which is why it is technically possible to call ww1 and ww2 a european civil war if your entity is not several nationstates but rather one large `` nation '' . 
  this is debatable , i do n't agree with it to 100 % , but it 's still a possible argument . 
  for triest itself ww2 was a civil war because a people , a cosmopolitan people , was indeed ripped apart . 
  there are excellent comments on this by people like james joyce or italo svevo , both incredibly famous people who lived several years in triest . 
  a debate about civil war is inherently connected to the question whether a territory is divided between two fighting factions . 
  syria is still a civil war even though russia is invested heavily in that conflict ( and for a period of time commanded the majority of fights ) . 
  as long as there are still 1 is member , 1 fsa fighter and 1 saa soldier fighting it 'll still be a civil war . 
  yes , russia invented the civil war in ukraine and is interested in calling it one . 
  but it also is one . 
  clearly when a so famous leftist news organisation like dw uses the same term it must be truly leftist , right ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  civil war is a value free term . 
  and since putin is so incredibly leftist it 's also only a matter of time until all leftists flock to the russian banners . 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  all countries except belorusia adopted the flag . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  yes , there is no 4000 year old flag for europe , neither are national flags rather old . 
  most of them copied the french style for example . 
  this sub does n't have the eu flag on it . 
  it has the original coe flag , thus representing the whole of europe , not the eu . 
  the coucil seat is a de facto veto due to the intergouvernamentalistic nature of said institution . 
  not that this is any kind of common knowledge ... 
  yes , an unrelated incident . 
  as in a comment about reasons of the failing soviet intervention in afghanistan being followed by `` what about the invasion of panama by the us ? '', 
  often it is now being used to devaluate a correct concern that is not being covered but should be . 
  as in `` i ca n't believe that the cremlin executes people , i 'll never travel to russia '' , followed by a `` were n't you in the us last week ? '', 
  i understand that it is a method of derailing debate , but the same can be said about using whataboutism . 
  this is what i wanted to add . 
  what are you on ? 
  i 'm not a leftist !, 
  the question of command is irrelevant to answer the question whether the conflict in ukraine is a civil war or not . 
  fact is , and time as well as dw use that term as well , that the de jure ukrainian government is using the army inside its own country to attack insurgents that do de facto control large territories . 
  sure , they are aided by russia and russia has a lot of interest in disrupting any peace process in ukraine . 
  but in the end there are some people ( even if they are controlled ) who do n't like the government in kiev . 
  and since russia and ukraine are n't waging a real war we ca n't speak of a classic type war . 
  in the end there are separatists who attack ukrainian cities from within ukraine and there is the ukrainian government that does the same . 
  whether you say that it is n't a clear cut civil war is n't really that important . 
  it 's still correct to call it a civil war . 
  and newspapers and journals back me up on this . 
  even the definition by the red cross states that the conflict in ukraine is a civil war . 
  no need for revisionist fiction, 
  it 's less about the failed state of ukraine rather than the fact that appeasement does n't work . 
  there should be a clear stance toward russia . 
  this fake `` we are tough until you actually attack '' is n't working . 
  whataboutism is n't an argument . 
  arguing that something is whataboutery is trying to devaluate something based on the premise that it is n't on topic . 
  in your case it 's comical that what you are trying to claim is exactly what you are trying to do . 
  it 's sort of whataboutism of whataboutism . 
  he compared russia to the us . 
  it 's not whataboutism since there is a connection between those two things . 
  whataboutism would be `` there are riots in the usa because of police brutality '' . 
  this , however , is simply a comparison, 
  it really is n't . 
  britain has been moving towards a brexit since 1973 . 
  the uk has had a eu policy that went clearly against most things that the eu was aiming at . 
  it peaked as you might remember 11 years later when in 1984 maggie shouted `` we want our money back '' . 
  little did she know that farage would say the same three decades later . 
  the uk was strictly against schengen in '96 when it made up something about islands and borders ( 20 year later it 's still the same idea , even though clearly malta and cyprus never suffered through schengen ) and in 2009 they got an opt-out from all internal eu policies that the uk extended retroactively for over 130 eu-laws . 
  just three years later the uk tried to stop the fiscal compact and once it passed opted out because the uk feared sanctions that are no possible . 
  the eu , and its predecessors , have always aimed towards more european integration . 
  the uk always knew this yet they applied for years . 
  de gaulle , as bad as he was , has always anticipated this , which was the cause for him being against them joining . 
  yes , the people might have always been against the eu but they always voted for a party that supported the policy of staying in the eu for benefits and preventing any further integration . 
  now that the populace might have finally made up their mind in favour of leaving all the benefits should remain . 
  but it should be clear that this will never happen . 
  i have nothing against britons but this government is just as egocentric as all governments before them . 
  i 'd tell every briton to make up their mind . 
  do you want to stay ? 
  if yes , you 'll have to accept that european integration is a key component of the eu . 
  if no , please understand that every postive thing that the eu promotes and guaratees will not be available outside of it . 
  a crossing by a foreign nation into a fought for territory is never a valuable measurement if you want to talk about what constitutes a civil war . 
  in fact a civil war only means that there is infighting between internal groups/parties . 
  just as syria is still in a state of civil war even though russia entered the conflict ( and syria will still be in a civil war once russia retreats or another nation enters ) . 
  vietnam was also in a state of civil war even after the us intervened . 
  iraq is currently also in a civil war since there are several iraqi parties fighting eachother . 
  the fact that isis is being sponsored by some countries , as is the iraqi government , does n't change much . 
  i fail to see what you are getting at . 
  do you negate the fact that there are seperatists in eastern ukraine ? 
  it 's called a civil war in most newspapers and it 'll remain a civil war even after ( theoretically ) russia retreats . 
  because there are still ukrainians who are n't part of the russian army who are actively fighting against the ukrainian government . 
  they might lose without russian help , sure , but until they are defeated ukraine will still have two parties fighting eachother .
