  so the nato border towards russia could never have nuclear weapons without breaking treaties . 
  this does n't stop nato from bypassing the npt by `` sharing '' weapons with nato members . 
  france and the uk do not share weapons but the us have given nuclear weapons to several european countries , and with turkey to a nato member `` bordering '' russia ( not by land border but you get the idea ) . 
  us news have a massive tendency of getting `` potential euro crisis '' wrong . 
  it was already noticeable when grexit was supposed to be happening for sure ( british news are equally bad , i remember the guardian saying that grexit chances were at 70 % ) , spanish elections after brexit would lead to massive changes , or that italy was already going to be bailed out . 
  i do know that republicans state this . 
  democrats have said the same thing under bush . 
  point being : the system is working that way and a majority of the people do n't see a problem with it . 
  nobody in the us wants a delegation of power to congress away from the white house ( which would be a sensible move ) . 
  the same goes for france . 
  there has never been a motion to change france to a true parliamentary democracy . 
  most french believe that the system , and therefore the powers of hollande , are justified . 
  there is only a massive outcry because these policies are unpopular . 
  if hollande did the same with a , e.g. , law banning ttip , nobody would complain . 
  the problem lies with the policy itself , not the polity and how this policy is being adopted . 
  obama makes all policies through decree . 
  it 's not unusual that a president bypasses parliament and rarely do people call it out for being undemocratic . 
  i personally have never heard anybody saying that bypassing congress in the us would be a bad thing . 
  it 's inherent to the french polity that the president has a lot of power . 
  i personally think it 's stupid but that 's how the french formed their constitution . 
  it 's weird to call a system undemocratic that has the support of the people . 
  after all nobody wanted this law to change . 
  do people seriously care about this ? 
  i know that that a ( semi - ) presidential system focusses heavily on the president 's life , as some sort of replacement for royal scandals , but i always suspected that this did n't work in european countries . 
  there might be some fetiah for caring about a leader 's personal life but i thought that it was due to some sort of americanization of our societies ( italy is a good example for this ) . 
  who cares if hollande has a mistress ? 
  do n't you think that there is a small difference between a country having some attacks on its soil and a country that has an active insurgency that ravaged the majority of its countryside ? 
  at least a small difference ? 
  but it 's clearly a stupid thing to do . 
  it serves no purpose and undermines the state . 
  why any country would want to replicate this by denying people asylum and therefore leading them into ghettos is simply moronic . 
  why should the eu have a website for something regardingthe ms ? 
  a ferry service ? 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  how are immigrants , is this what you are getting at ? , being brought to britain ? 
  what a dumb statement . 
  he personally is against the eu , as evidenced by his voting behaviour before becoming party leader . 
  labour 's stance however was remain . 
  what 's hard to understand about the fact that sometimes you have to support your party 's position ? 
  the falklands were n't empty . 
  they were argentinian and french before . 
  i was there 2 or 3 months ago . 
  shortly after the attacks at taxim . 
  i personally felt that it was better than with tourists . 
  it was much quiter and everybody talked to us . 
  i do n't think that people should buy into all this fear . 
  after all they are aiding isis by staying away . 
  sad , but that 's true . 
  it 's not surprising . 
  immigrants become conservative over time because they feel that they might lose a lot if the situation would change . 
  look at bavaria . 
  it 's deeply conservative because it has a lot of former baltic immigrants . 
  `` we are '' as if you are responsible for it . 
  it 's clear that you like to think about `` your '' country being a great power , but do n't be an ass about it . 
  you probably said the same thing one year ago about his nomination . 
  how about waiting until november ? 
  your comment just looks weird . 
  it adds nothing to the discussion, 
  because merkel would have lost political power in germany if she 'd opposed him . 
  now she 's actively trying to revert this concept of spitzenkandidaten . 
  merkel is an opportunistic politician who tries to do everything that might keep her in power . 
  she changed on a ton of topics based on public perception . 
  nuclear power , refugees , the commission , erdogan etc. 
  neither is the act of nominating the candidate for chancellor in germany ( kanzlerkandidat ) written law . 
  it 's mostly convention and tradition . 
  granted , the tradition of parliament nominating the spitzenkandidat is n't really old but it 's what parliament , and therefore the most democratic body of the eu , wanted to do . 
  the public supported this decision back in 2014 and pressured orban and cameron into accepting this . 
  you confused the european council , which is setting political agendas in an intergouvernamentalistic fashion , with the council of the eu ( or simply council ) which is the senate of the union . 
  it 's basically a place where the different ministers of the member states gather and vote on legislation that the parliament gave them ( after receiving them from the commission ) . 
  so all the ministers for economy of spain , malta , france , the uk etc. 
  debate and vote on the proposals . 
  it 's also important to note that the nature of this house results in compromise that every member state can subscribe to . 
  so they basically debate until every country is happy . 
  very rarely , even though possible , does a majority overrule a minority . 
  some interesting points ( i thought everything was incredibly interesting ) 12:50 he says that corbyn 's claim was right that the review of the entire legal system is going to be handed over to the government which might accept , scrap or revise policies as they wish , without consulting parliament . 
  this is due to the inherent complexity of the legal framework . 
  my opinion : i believe that tories are going to have a field day with this one . 
  13:10 he claims , correctly as it turned out , that scotland might push for a referendum . 
  also he is worrying about ni . 
  14:00 he says that the `` 2 years '' are not about negotiating framework agreements surrounding the relationship with eu-member states ( so ftas for example ) but that it 's rather concerning the `` divorce '' between the eu and the uk . 
  so the questions in those 2 years ( the duration in which you can cut ties ) is going to surround eu nationals in the uk ( and their obligations and rights ) as well as those of the 2 million britons living in europe . 
  the other framework agreement is n't bound by article 50 and is probably going to take 10 years to negotiate . 
  regarding the single market ( 18:30 ) : britain is not going to forfeit the massive advantages of it . 
  it would be stupid to do so . 
  the only alternative would be efta ( as the norwegian model ) , funnily enough britain would return to efta as they were members until 1973 . 
  the acceptance to the eec however is n't really possible since leave has always been again free movement . 
  no free movement - no single market . 
  the real solution can only be a new fta ( a shallow one as he claims ) with the eu . 
  also : all ftas since 1973 ( peru/ecuador , sk etc. ), 
  that were negotiated through the eu ( so , all of them ) will be terminated . 
  what did you join it for then ? 
  the political aspirations have been clear since ' 43 . 
  it became european law in ' 58 ... 
  since the beginning ? 
  germany has been against a european solution for 3 years straight . 
  the problem is that a `` leave it as it is '' was n't on the table either . 
  people forget that if the uk had voted remain instead of leave , that this would have demonstrated that the populace wanted more europe . 
  a uk government that used `` we 'll hold a referendum if you do n't grant us opt-outs and other treats '' lost its most important bargaining chip when cameron said `` let 's vote '' . 
  the uk governments have used this tactic for so long that any deviation from it would have undermined the `` leave it as it is '' - status quo . 
  remain would have led to more europe even though the majority clearly does n't .
