  i do n't see what is smug or elitist about demanding some sort of tests for referenda . 
  nothing hard or demanding but i do n't see why you should n't be required to prove that you understand the topic . 
  simply questions about the workings of the eu , how the exit process is going to be ( 2 years , article 50 ) . 
  maybe some question about how immigration is currently possible , what is schengen , what is efta and eec . 
  these are questions that can be easily googled and demonstrate that you have spent at least a few minutes on this topic . 
  if you still want to leave you do so with having read a few things on the eu . 
  yeah , the flawless democracy where the demos got its will . 
  is that the reason why your ruling elite hides in the countryside and tries to act like the referendum did n't happen ? 
  add to this that the uk is n't even a republic in name , even less so in practice . 
  for british , not for humans , 
  you probably mean azure , right ? 
  it 's actually similar in italian were azzurro is a often used color ( as for the sky ) while other languages do n't use it . 
  for example in german the sky is always blue ( blau ) , you never hear that the sky is `` azurblau '' . 
  it 's funny that this bugs you as well . 
  i can never talk about this with other people because they do n't think that this is important , haha . 
  he is opportunistic . 
  clearly not a bright politician . 
  it was idiotic to make a referendum about something that the people do n't know anything about . 
  as nobodyknew what was being negotiated they voted against it because of `` muh russia '' and `` muh eussr '' . 
  it should have been phrased differently or there should have been a test to check if people actually knew what they voted for . 
  it does if the polity of the country has parliamentary sovereignty . 
  that ` swhy many people are n't really surprised that the uk is now trying to ignore this referendum, 
  it certainly was for the tories . 
  that 's why there was this referendum in the first place . 
  guess the conservative blairite scum just saw this as a decent possibility to attack corbyn trying to make labour a center-right party , again . 
  all this infighting is probably just the first step before other parties start to emerge . 
  if people like you would n't undermine the debate with shrill outcries we could debate free trade more openly . 
  there are many points that the anti-ttip groups are mentioning that make no sense and are mostly populistic . 
  i for one do n't like to say that i 'm against ttip because it puts me into the same camp with people who shout about gmos not being wanted but are going to replace normale products , chlorine chicken and that ids is a neoliberal plot . 
  all without knowing what wto stands for ... 
  man all those people from third world countries that flooded the uk . 
  christ , do you even believe that ? 
  third-world poland ? 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  letting people vote on things that they have absolutely nothing to do with , such as long term policy for the next 50 years considering their life expectancy on less than 15 , is like allowing people from scotland to vote for the mayor of london . 
  `` fuck democracy , amirit ? '', 
  how about i and my buddies vote on potential cuts to your pension ? 
  you one the other hand , sounding like some veins burst in your head while having a stroke , sound like a beacon of reason ... 
  that 's really not true . 
  there really is a rampant hate for intellectuals in the leave campaign . 
  if they function as the acquis demands , yes . 
  but since they only managed to close one of 33 chapters since 1963 i do n't think that they will join any time soon . 
  if they keep up their current pace they might join before 2370 tough , so there 's that . 
  and nobody is surprised ... 
  then make it clear `` do you believe that being british is worth more than being part of the european union ? 
  yes or no ? '', 
  i do n't think that many people would choose the uk over the eu . 
  this may sound harsh but i do n't think that people who have a statistical remaining lifetime of < 25 years should be allowed to vote on long term policies . 
  i certainly wo n't vote when i 'm retired on long-term reforms . 
  these people are despicable . 
  better pound , 
  they are n't our women of our country . 
  get a grip of yourself . 
  not my fault that you do n't see the problem . 
  huh ? 
  the point was that the poll was conducted in britain , as is stated on the image . 
  why should a poll on britain contain ni ? 
  that 's what i meant . 
  the point that the poll should have been for the united kingdom is correct , but that 's not the point of this debate . 
  they only have a short window of time . 
  if he waits a few months people will see that there is no land of milk and honey outside of the eu . 
  wilders probably thinks that the uk is going to be worse off after brexit . 
  if people realize this as well anti-eu sentiment will crumble . 
  it 's actually not a cheerful day for le pen , wilders and grillo . 
  the clock started ticking but populism needs the standstill . 
  frankfurt was calculating with 10000 new jobs due to brexit . 
  i really hope that the city of london falls apart . 
  well i do n't know about you but i value political freedom highly . 
  the fact that norwegians ca n't vote on eu regulations but have the results faxed to them is n't really pleasant . 
  david cameron is probably the worst politician of any democracy in this century . 
  what a massive wanker . 
  more like `` justwishfulthinking '' , ahah . 
  this really is n't likely at all . 
  i understand that for some people this is their ultimate goal but what will really happen is a shift away from populist parties due to brexit . 
  i really fail to see how you 'd assume that this is the beginning of the end for the eu . 
  interesting move and i 'm highly surprised that farage would say this . 
  he clearly ca n't know any results as counting has only started after the polls were closed ( i believe ) . 
  personally i think that he wants to pave the way for a possible campaign after remain wins or in the case of brexit he 'll say that he was eager to continue fighting for independence ( as evidenced by his earlier remarks ) qnd now he 'll continue to be the people 's voice for the negotiations of brexit with the eu . 
  it 's a poll conducted in britain . 
  why should be ni be part of it ? 
  it 's not a poll on the uk as a whole , otherwise you 'd have to add gibraltar as well since they are affected by a possible brexit just as much , if not more , as ni, 
  `` your women '' . 
  the objectification of women by the new right while claiming to fight for women 's rights never fails to amuse me . 
  being from cologne i 'd like to tell you that assaults by ant\u00e4nzer have been a thing since the early 90s . 
  in what way this ties in to the refugee crisis or islam or the eu , well that 's for you to decide . 
  not that your opinion has n't already been `` developed '' already by nigel farage . 
  you are actually touching a very interesting subject here . 
  if britain leaves this only leaves ireland and malta with english as an official language . 
  yet those languages are only one of the national languages besides maltese and irish . 
  there could be potentially be a move by france to push for french as the main working language . 
  there is no order in latin . 
  correlation is n't causation . 
  europe has never been a place of democracy , peace and tolerance until 1945 , and it was way more christian in those times . 
  but what are fact if you can talk about `` dem lefties '' . 
  i do n't think they miss it . 
  they neglect it on purpose . 
  there might also be the thing that most people hating on `` dem mussslims '' have probably never been in the middle east or east from istanbul . 
  the demand itself is inelastic ( even though this only applies to the high-end mercedes and not a general a-klasse car ) yet the market would penalize the foreign ( german ) manufactures as you 'd have to import them . 
  look at the ford mustang . 
  a generally medium-priced car in the us that is incredibly expensive in europe due to the need of importation and regulation .
