this makes absolutely no sense . 
  you only have the right to trial in european courts on european soil . 
  if anybody is on european soil , european laws and rule of law in general apply . 
  this goes for compatriots as well as foreigners . 
  you example makes no sense because saudi-arabia is not europe and hence obviously ca n't have european laws being enforced . 
  if said country has an agreement to trial you in a different court from their own , hint - they do n't in a blanket fashion , then you can , maybe , expect to be trialed in european courts . 
  but the idea still holds that you will then have to be transferred to a european country in order to have their judiciary judge you . 
  so no , you example is completely wrong and rather derailing . 
  it certainly needs so immense cretins to vote for a person who openly hates your own country and even worse thinks that it is n't a nation . 
  yeah sure . 
  that 's why sandys was not a prominent figure in europe , that 's why churchill was never supporting said idea during and after the war , that 's why altiero spinelli never was a commissioner , that 's why the treaties of rome were never signed . 
  who on earth are you to call others a bellend , if you are so obviously ignorant about your country 's own history ? 
  if you are literally negating the entire truth about the european communities ? 
  how on earth can you claim that the union that was founded on coudenhove-kalergi 's legacy did n't have a prominent federalist core ? 
  it 's really sad because the people who backed him during the coup were to ignorant to see what would happen . 
  in the long-term a successful coup would have returned to liberalism . 
  but erdogan 's victory will turn turkey into a putinesque dictatorship where the only change will come through a revolution or a foreign-backed coup which will eventually be more bloody than any military government could have been . 
  da , it was really quite shocking as i was sitting just a floor below where the molotov hit , but after a short period of time we went back to post propaganda on reddit , 9gag , lefunnymaymays.com and other noteworthy and important websites . 
  our shitposting quota went back up to 100 % . 
  after greece ( where the guardian proclaimed that there was a 70 % chance of the eu collapsing ) , the euro-crisis , the semi-persistent claims that italy would crash ( soon , for real ) , the refugee-crisis ; after all these problems the media still pushes this `` the eu is finished '' bullshit on a regular basis . 
  no it was ceta , in 6 weeks it 's going to be italy again , then in 2017 it 's going to be germany and france . 
  and so on ... 
  first , your premise is wrong . 
  investor protection does n't protect investors from `` energiewende '' ( which was pushed trough when we already had a lot of ftas , with no repercussions ) . 
  potential policy steps are not going to be stopped just because we have investor protection . 
  in fact all empirical studies have shown that since we have ftas with investor protection that there were negligible impacts ( both positive and negative ) . 
  isds however is something completely different . 
  while it is true that investor protection seems to be useless between democracies it can not be negated that countries do try to support their own industries to the detriment of foreign companies . 
  one famous example is ethyl corporation v. canada were the canadian government passed a law that discriminated against said company to reduce its market power in canada . 
  clearly this is one of the reasons why investor protections ( and in this case also isds ) is needed to some extend . 
  generally many people have a massively distorted view of isds . 
  there have only been around 700 disputes globally during the last 50 years out of which only half were n't solved by both parties . 
  out of the remaining less than 50 % were in favour of the company . 
  now do we need more transparency ? 
  sure . 
  there should be the requirement to publish the records of negotiations and each case should be documented . 
  there also should be an international standard on how to report on them . 
  but especially for other ftas they are needed . 
  we saw what happened in libya and what happened in venezuela . 
  not having investor protection ( which can also be a government-owned company fyi ) is bad for business . 
  imagine a country ( like russia ) nationalizing volkswagen facilities due to political motives . 
  clearly this would reduce germany 's interest in investing in russia . 
  or take airbus . 
  what would happen if the american government ( under trump ) were to pass a law that discriminates against airbus just to save jobs at boeing ? 
  investor protection is needed to some extend . 
  now whether the wto concept of `` national treatment '' suffices is another discussion . 
  i personally think that we should push for multilateral agreements that are globally binding , rather than increasing plurilateral agreements such as ceta or ttip ( but there are many more ) . 
  especially because bilateral negotiations lead to the weaker party being worse off than the stronger party . 
  multilateral agreements would reduce that risk , improving the position for african countries for example . 
  true . 
  especially since brexit `` europeans '' has almost exclusively become a term for the continental eu . 
  and ireland . 
  i think the world could have resolved many problems if it were interested in improving cooperation between the eu and russia . 
  i 've never understood why instead of sanctions on russia we have never attempted to have an economical cooperation . 
  something akin to kaes\u014fng , maybe by using kaliningrad . 
  obviously due to putin this is never going to happen , but this raises further questions why the rest of europe has never really supported the russian opposition ... 
  it 's funny how discourse can shift . 
  20 years ago ( or even 70 ) a phrase like `` how russians see europeans '' would be weird , and replaced with a phrase containing `` fellow europeans '' . 
  it 's sad to see how we drifted apart . 
  mainly due to russia , but europe certainly had some influence on this process , too . 
   he would not have made a pact with isis . 
  yeah , this used to be a board for serious discussions . 
  how about you rephrase that sentence . 
  next you are going to tell us that israel did 9/11 ? 
  how is anybody supposed to answer if you just make things up ? 
   people would be confused if the media would differentiate between too many names and factions . 
  people should read up if they are confused . 
  democracy does n't mean that somebody feeds you the truth . 
  it 's everybody 's obligation to do his homework . 
  democracy is not only a right but also a duty . 
   may is tory , and the guardian is center-left . 
  an effort to make may look silly ? 
  while the guardian certainly hates tories it 's surely not center-left . 
  after all it hates corbyn and the working class with a passion . 
  it 's more leaning towards the plp 's stance which is probably more centrist-conservative than left . 
   ordo-liberalism can be hardly seen as socialist , it 's partly neo-liberal . 
  and all i find about pd is that they 're social democrats . 
  si incorporates social democracy as does pes huh , ordo-liberalism is literally neoliberalism , which is why neoliberalism is the main train of thought in ordo , the ordoliberal review . 
  social democracy itself refers to the idea of neoliberalism , it was invented by people who believed in reformatory socialism rather than revolutionary socialism . 
  it quickly became a main proponent of a mixture between socialist theories and laissez faire capitalism , which was mostly put forward by ordoliberalists . 
   being a social democrat does not mean you 're a socialist . 
  it just means your somwhat to the left it certainly means that you are a socialist . 
  after all social democrats are part of si or in europe the socialist party . 
   why do people guild their own comments ? 
  huh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  could you please write a coherent sentence so that i can actually reply ? 
  what did i guild ? 
  and what does `` double standards is n't a nazi group '' even refer to ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  terrorism has a clear definition . 
  i actually have no idea what this reichsb\u00fcrger looks like , how does it even matter ? 
  ca n't reporters be bothered to actually learn how the german constitution works ? 
  of course any law that affects the workings of the constitution breaches the grundgesetz . 
  this is how the german constitution is supposed to be . 
  you have a strict constitution that is however allowed to be breached . 
  saying that a law breaches the constitution implies something negative even though in the german case it clearly is n't . 
  it 's the equivalent of saying that laws which target criminals breach the constitution due to the freedom action . 
  of course they do ... that 's how the grundgesetz works . 
  it 's an article written by neil macfarquhar , a guy who grew up rich in a western compound in gaddafi 's dictatorship .
