  poland would n't give two shits about lithuania either if russia told them that after the baltic they 'd stop . 
  the idea that some countries might help , while others would n't is completely illogical . 
  each country has its own interest . 
  if defensing some other country fits achieving these interests they 'll do it . 
  if it does n't , well though luck . 
  nato solely exists because it is in the member 's interest to be part of it . 
  if it were n't they 'd leave ( as france demonstrated ) and if it is in their interest to join , they 'll join . 
  there are several countries that are not part of nato and that survived fine ( austria , malta , sweden , cyprus ) even though russia could have invaded those countries quite easily if they really were interested . 
  you do n't really think that germany would ignore austria being annexed , do you ? 
   what do you mean ? 
  which countries have disposable income ? 
  means : a country like italy or france has better things to do than to spend money on a military that is probably never going to be used and that would take weeks to send to the baltics which would have been overrun by then . 
  it 's not possible to demand something like this when you have massive youth unemployment and the government is unable to invest into its economy . 
   2 % is the same no matter what size your economy is . 
  well , for some it 's however only half a billion euros , for other countries it 's a bit more . 
  half a billion only gives you that much education and stimulus , than let 's say 40 billion . 
  that 's what he was getting at . 
  just looking at some of these countries shows the wastefulness of nato spending behaviour . 
  if estonia invests 2 % of its gdp on its military , that 's 500 million a year . 
  with that you can barely afford anything or keep up with other countries at all . 
  quite frankly it makes no sense to have estonia invest in its military ( which is incredibly outdated and has to be rebuild from scratch since the russians took almost everything with them ) . 
  the airforce consists of some training jets and the navy is a fleet of a patrol boat and some minehunters . 
  the army has few vehicles and those are units that are being modernized consisting of apcs and ifvs . 
  due to scale effects it would be much better for estonia to chip in the half billion into a nato budget that gets then distributed to countries that have an already existing military . 
  it makes no economical sense to let estonia build a new military from nothing simply because it has to abide to ridiculous and symbolic goals . 
  there is no need , and it 's actually a hindrance when looking at the latest reports , to have 28 countries developing parallel systems that are massively inefficient . 
  the idea of every country chipping in their own military sounds nice in theory but is utterly wasteful and a massive disadvantage compared to the rf 's system . 
  each country should either pay some sort of membership fee that can be distributed by a central command or specialize on some sector that is actually useful . 
  if russia attacks , and that 's the reason for nato 's existence , an estonian army will be the first to vanish as reinforcements wo n't be on their way until it 's too late . 
  the same goes for a lone airstrip with unarmed jets and a few boats that serve no purpose ( what 's the point of a minehunter in the baltics ? ), 
  other than being white elephants ? 
  of course the most sensible military policy for estonia ( and all the other smaller nations ) would be to push for an edc . 
  standardized armies and equipment and the possibility to allocate resources to the places that need them most . 
  but if a european model actually happens this would defeat any politician 's fail-proof vote-grabber `` let 's invest more in our military '' . 
  it 's so sad that nobody actually call out politicians on their wasteful spending of literally redundant equipment . 
  any small country that is part of nato and actually tries to maintain an airforce needs to be called out about the idiocy of these kind of strategies . 
  they should invest in other sectors , such as logistics , anti-air and communications . 
  anything other than that is ridiculous waste . 
  which is why any mission , whether it 's iraq or afghanistan , mali or sudan , needs to continue for 40 years straight . 
  you have to build schools and educate the children . 
  they then have to grow up and go to universities or learn a trade so that they can eventually become politicians and shape their countries future . 
  but you 'll also have to wait until these democrats form a majority in parliament and the old generations die . 
  simply rushing in , building some schools , only to leave a decade later leads to populace tearing them down once the un leaves . 
  they clearly are n't but the opposite is also true . 
  listen to hoe many politicians and transatlantic interest groups say that we should be united with the us because russia is an aggressor . 
  clearly europe should have an independent position that leads to different countries becoming our allies . 
  so if we are against the state committing torture and death penalties we should n't side with the us . 
  it really ca n't be a reasonable solution to ignore these things simply because some crazy autocrat in russia is invading different nations . 
  especially not if we are criticising putin for this but support erdogan . 
  european foreign policy should be about morals and equality of countries and rule of law . 
  which is being jeopardized whenever europe forms alliances with countries that do n't support whatever we do . 
   this is outdated and already has been corrected , according to the latest data just over 60 % of young people voted , not as much as the 90 % the old voted but not as dramatic as suggested . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  the poll showed that 64 % of the registered voters did actually vote . 
  please do not post wrong numbers . 
  because that 's how foreign affairs summarized its article . 
  it 's a direct quote . 
  why do you have to be so aggressive ? 
  it 's the guardian . 
  it has long lost its path of following investigative journalism such as glenn greenwald 's and turned into a printed buzzfeed . 
  in this case it is comparing two things that ca n't be compared . 
  36 % referred young people in general , 64 % refers to how many registered voters could be bothered to go the election . 
  these are two completely different things and if we assume that probably half of this age group registered we can arrive to the same conclusion . 
  that roughly 64 % of the registered people voted but due to them being not many the total of that age group only was 34 % . 
  quite frankly such an article proves nothing if there is no number on the registered people . 
  it does n't help that the guardian does n't link the actual poll and the only one that i found showed conflicting numbers . 
  but that 's to be expected if the guardian quotes a polling agency ( for internet and phone polling ) that the guardian supports . 
  troll , go home . 
  how on earth were they tricked ? 
  the ever closer union was enshrined in in the treaty of rome . 
  it was literally the first sentence of the treaty . 
  britons had 15 years to learn what that meant before voting on the eec . 
  that 's not true for food . 
  illegally imported food gets destroyed because if it is n't declared properly it ca n't be registered . 
  it 's similar to how networks work in some parts of northern italy . 
  you might get signal for mediaset ( berlusconi 's media ) but in some parts , especially valleys , you do n't have the public broadcaster rai . 
  and local politicians ( mostly lega ) do n't want to change anything . 
  that description really fits 90 % of italians/sammarinesi , haha, 
  fish and chips is excellent . 
  i completely agree but i 'm telling you what i believe is going to happen . 
  germany is generally opposed to using its military . 
  and i doubt that many germans are going to support supporting turkey . 
  mostly because many do n't feel a lot of connection ( as in , they do n't think it 's europe and therefore them ) , secondly because many people do n't like erdogan and would probably think that he 'd provoked putin . 
  i personally do not think so but i fairly certain that many germans ( and other europeans ) would think like this . 
  the tory party is opportunistic as it can get . 
  it always tries to get the most out of everything . 
  which is why the uk was/is part of the eu without being committed to europe . 
  it 's why it wants to have independence when it comes to negotiating trade agreements ( as with china , which for european countries is only possible through the eu ) . 
  the have basically no values or morals . 
  not that the last labour government was any better ( aligning itself to the us for some oil and prestige ) . 
  the current parties ( minus corbyn 's labour , if it survives ) are only interested in filling their own pockets . 
  i personally think that china is good at that . 
  the us probably not so much . 
  he did . 
  but the fact that the king did n't do much to stop him , there were a lot of monarchists back in the day ( the referendum '46 was rather close ) who would have aided him , are still reason enough to kick him out . 
  after all he stood by mussolini until the americans came when he stepped back to let his son rule . 
  the fact that umberto ii did n't accept the referendum that abolished his father 's monarchy and still claimed to be the rightful sovereign until his death , were also a reason why he was n't allowed back in . 
  iirc he had the possibility to return as a normal citizen if he stepped away from his claim , but he never did , which is why the republic banned him . 
  italy 's president pertini also wanted to allow him to return to die in italy but out of spite he did n't accept and went to switzerland instead . 
  vittorio emanuele , umberto 's son , was also complicit in an illegal organization that tried to undermine the italian state , tried to stage a coup and orchestrated several terrorist attacks during the 70s .
