  ( i 'm sure you can find it somewhere on europarl.europa.eu , should be a pdf document as always ) so it is obvious that a country can enact art . 
  50 and subsequently revert that position . 
  most commentators agree on that point . 
  point being , art . 
  50 can not be an obligation that has to be pushed trhough at all cost . 
  for one , the sovereign member states are sovereign , this means that they have the possibilty to join the union or to leave the union , however , and this is a direct result of this approach that is basic eu understanding , this means that a country can revoke the notification just as it can revoke , or rather halt , already launched accession processes . 
  the second point is , that a mandatory art . 
  50 goes against the principle of the idea that the union is a voluntary entity . 
  but hey , what do i know , i only studied the union 's constitutional law for several years , clearly having read art . 
  50 once makes you far more educated . 
  the thing is : even art . 
  50 would n't solve this . 
  the uk could always say `` nah we changed our minds '' during those 2 years and return to being a normal member . 
  if the uk starts the process by enacting art . 
  50 they will still be in this weird limbo , where companies thing that the uk is going to leave the union , but could still lobby for stopping this process . 
  parlamentarians do not have any immunity anymore . 
  erdogan is most likely pushing for a ban of some opposition party that would eventually lead to his akp having a 2/3 majority , even if it only is until reelection of vacant seats . 
  he might simply make up a random claim that some party supported the coup ( hdp ) . 
  one of his cronies suggested that they might be involved , because he said that they were n't at the parliament when it was bombed ( apparently everybody else was ) . 
  ban them and you suddenly have a 2/3 majority if mhp allies with erdogan . 
  remeber that every representative loses their immunity if a n attorney opens a case against them . 
  now i 'm not saying that the erdogan 's decision to ban representatives ' immunity was planned in advance because he would then stage a coup . 
  but that law certainly was waiting for something that could give erdogan a reason . 
  are you just acting like a stereotypical briton ? 
  clearly you ca n't think that you fought off the nazis on your own ? 
  what an idiotic comment . 
  yes everybody who wants the uk to leave after it voted to leave must be anglophobic . 
  we got it , thanks . 
  judging by the fact that eu ftas are generally very similar and there are a lot of them , you can surely point us to the respective paragraphs in ceta or eu-sk and eu peru/ecuador ? 
  france heavily interferes with all cfa countries . 
  the french energy corporation areva for example manages to extract 40 % of france 's uranium consumption out of niger alone . 
  the majority of french military expenditure goes to troops stationed in cfa regions . 
  even other countries such as burkina faso , senegal and mali do have a lot of uranium . 
  ( mali does have a lot of uranium albeit that was n't the major reason for intervention ) . 
  but france does n't only intervene through military , the whole currency is pegged to the euro and gets its policy set by france ( in theory it 's still governed by the french treasury and only gets converted in a later stage to the euro ), 
  why are some white people actively hating whites , why do muslims join the afd , why do young people join m5s . 
  why do blacks join ukip , why do you have nazis in eastern europe . 
  there are many things that seriously do n't make much sense . 
  truth is : people who look like they are stupid , often are indeed very dumb . 
  these powers however are legitimate . 
  they are in fact a clear concept in the french constitution . 
  so the fact that somebody put it in , and nobody of the french public has ever made a move to change it , clearly shows that this law is intended to exist . 
  he is n't acting like a dictator for simply using a concept that is clearly a fundamental part of the french polity . 
  it 's the equivalent of saying that the president should n't use his massive powers if there is no governing opposition . 
  the concept of cohabitation and therefore the lack thereof is supposed to be the way it is . 
  to simply call something wrong because you do n't like the policy that is being enacted is just hypocritical . 
  most french probably like this article ( 49.3 ) , simply being against it because it is being used for an unpopular piece of legislation is kind of weird . 
  why are people on the far right always portraying themselve as victims ? 
  do you think that anybody will flock to your `` muh poor people '' ? 
  this whiny sentiment is really annoying, 
  no , but neither have most americans . 
  and if you count to that american foreign politics it 's save to assume that many americans are n't altruistic either . 
  so if you think about it , trump fits many americans quite well , interested in his own wealth even if this means living to the detriment of others . 
  sure , that 's probably not the majority , but a huge share nonetheless, 
  but he employs more people than you ever will . 
  granted , he might not care about his employees but they still have money because of donald trump, 
  you implied that he could be a sleeper agent , i.e. 
  a person who follows a long-term plan of the is to attack germany . 
  and i said that this is probably a bit far fetched . 
  estonia is actually pretty good in planning their presidency . 
  they are known for doing a good job . 
  i doubt that they 'll struggle with this , especially because they have probably started already . 
  what an useless comment , nice meme though, 
  there are over 20 million guns on the german black market . 
  it takes only a few hours to get one if you are determined to find some . 
  the idea that this was some sort of elaborate plan by isis , who did n't even give him proper merchandising but probably told him `` take a black shirt and scribble some lines on it with a pen '' , is far fetched . 
  huh ? 
  dna is n't an indicator for nationality . 
  many people said it but it seems like now everybody else is going to realize this . 
  regarding the refugee crisis the politicians bet on the wrong horse . 
  it would be much better to build refugee camps in bulgaria and greece . 
  i think that it would be actually the best idea because it would result in massive investments in those two countries . 
   significant monarchies well , morocco is a constitutional monarchy . 
  albeit the king still has a lot of power he is actually very moderate . 
  much like 19th century italy . 
  it 's pretty progressive for that area of the world if you ask me . 
   there was n't any single bright moment in their whole history yeah , who 's elizabeth , amirite ? 
  holy shit ... 
  ah , thanks to that great tumblr-esque comic , i finally understand . 
  jews are greedy , sure there are people who are more greedy , such as american bankers with jewish ancestors , but simply stating that jews are greedy is not wrong . 
  and claiming that they all are and that this is one of the reason why i do n't buy things from them , is n't irrational , as they are in fact greedy . 
  thanks for that insight , op, 
   eu banking system now the eu has a banking system ? 
  is there anything that this superstate is n't supposed to have ? 
  nice meme , mate . 
  did you find your granddad 's stash of ww2 propaganda leaflets ? 
  albeit there are finally aome people in the media who support the correct approach - treating this as tragedies . 
  this whole glorification and complicit talk by the media and people is only demanding more attacks . 
  sad times where people actively aid terrorists out of desperation . 
  to bad that the 17 year old would n't attack you with an axe but rather with a gun himself . 
  and judging by the police officers who ran after the truck in nice i doubt that anybody would have shot the driver . 
  and let 's forget that only a hand full of people would even shoot at the driver with the intention to kill . 
  it is . 
  it has an impressive history and is , in my opinion , one of the great historical examples of cities that were shaped by different cultures . 
  the amount of italian influence is impressive , just as much as the amount of provencal identity that is incredibly unique and interesting . 
  personally i 'd like to see more politicians using these cities as centers for dialogue between countries ( in this case italy and france but also northern africa ) . 
  i believe that nice has this unique possibility to improve relationships . 
  it 's certainly one of the cities that i liked most about france . 
  but he was the first person to actually tell them the truth . 
  i get that some people would like to see a politician telling them feel-good lies that he is going to combat the is on his own , fighting the terrorists with his bare hands gripping the tricolore , all while shielding the french with his life .
