  if you 're not comfortable with this discussion you can just scurry off back to whatever university/drug den you came from . 
   did you read the whole thing ? 
  because that is exactly how things work . 
  is it ? 
  you do n't seem to have the slightest clue of what you are talking about so i 'm not going to take your word for it . 
   i was referring mostly to police statistics , which are often used as a basis for any crime statistics . 
  but my points can also be applied to other crime statistics . 
  nope . 
  criminal research utilise a lot of different statistics some of which do n't depend on police . 
  also the police statistics can only be so very flawed if you actually mean to say that police do n't investigate crime if the criminal is white . 
   i never said anything like that . 
  that is a staw man , if there every was one . 
  then what exactely do you mean when you relativise shit like this then ? 
   what constitutes a crime for one person , may not be one for the other . 
   yet it does n't even count as a crime , even though a lot of fraud was obviously involved . 
   i heard that sweden has very strict rape laws in which julien assange was caught , even though he may not have felt he raped anyone . 
  yeah that is not how things work . 
  you do n't always count reported crime you can count a lot of different factors like victimisation , experience , convictions , reported crime , etc. 
  you do n't seem very knowledgeable on crime statistics . 
  u wot ? 
  so rape should be tolerated because the person who committed the crime might not think that it is a crime ? 
  how tolerant of you ... that was dishearteningly ignorant and relativistic . 
  well rural people tend to be less well educated than city people because the qualified jobs tend to be in the cities but you know just because on average rural people have a lower education does n't mean that every rural person you meet will be uneducated ... 
  but mainly the situation in sweden is currently this : people in stockholm decide that immigration is the greatest thing ever so they decide to import a lot of refugees because it is morally the right thing to do . 
  but they do n't really want to live in the same area as filthy refugee so they place them in smaller communities in rural areas . 
  when a small town with a few hundred inhabitants suddenly swells up to 3-4 times its normal size that causes problems . 
  over night your primary care facility needs to have the capacity to accept 4 times the normal workload ( often more because refugees tend to have health issues ) then they need dental , social services , etc. 
  oh did i mention we have a doctor shortage and a nurse shortage ? 
  and unlike the myth there are n't a whole lot of qualified doctors and nurses hiding among the refugees ... 
  in fact there are fewer qualified doctors among the current wave of refugees when compared to previous waves ( we keep tabs on it because we really need more doctors ) . 
  the pattern so far has been something like this : an average socialdemocratic community welcomes a whole bunch of refugees and everyone is happy because we 're doing the right thing but when the next election comes the community is suddenly pretty big on the swedish democrats . 
  white flight is a phenomenon that we recently started talking about because it has started to show up in the statistics now . 
  the people with money and education tend to move away from immigrant areas but they keep talking about how progressive they are and how multiculturalism is a good thing . 
  i can understand why they move away from immigrant areas . 
  i used to live in an immigrant heavy area it looked like the pictures i see from baghdad ( litterally trash everywhere , signs in arabic , niqab and hijabs , and even a few thawbs ) and then there were regular shootings . 
  right now i am taking care of my mother because she has taken ill and is currently recovering from surgery so i 'm living in my parents house again in the neighbourhood where i grew up . 
  a few years ago immigrants started moving here and at first they were nice people , families that just wanted a nice house and a decent neighbourhood , but recently there have been a few immigrants that have moved in that have started to cause trouble . 
  they do n't respect your property , do n't respect your possessions , do n't respect traffic laws , behave like general assholes etc. 
  and if you try to talk to them ( hey dude . 
  this is my garden and you 're not allowed to be here so could you please leaev ? ), 
  they threaten you . 
  the police ca n't really do anything because of lack of resources but the people who can afford it have started to move away and the neighbourhood where i grew up is now dying . 
  my parents are way to poor to move away btw . 
  and my problems may be far below the concern of educated , enlightened americans but remember that when you imply that i 'm [ just a stupid hick ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:confederate_rebel_flag.svg ) ( yes we get your stupid news over here ) remember that i 'm a human being and you obviously have no idea nor do you seem to care what 's going on with my life and in my country . 
  [ someone newspapers published this fine piece of statistics ] ( https://pepprat.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/flyktingar-i-vc3a4rlden.png ) it says `` over 50 million people are refugees in the world this is where they flee to '' and then it say in yellow `` sweden '' and in red `` not sweden '' . 
  they figured this was something that would make people shut up about the refugees but it rather made people question why we are spending so much resources on taking care of such a small percentage of refugees because we are litterally breaking our backs trying to take care of those 0,16 % . 
  we have even started to reduce our foreign aid programs ( like vaccination programs for children in the third world ) in order to keep the immigration office funded through the next four years . 
  i 'm not against immigration . 
  some of my best friends are immigrants but this is fucking insane !, 
   and that 's perfectly normal if you take into account the social class immigrants typically end up in and , for refugees specifically if social class is the problem why are we taking in refugees and dumping them in a social class that apparantly commits a lot of rape ? 
  also i doubt you 'll find another social class in finland where a few % commit 20 % of the rapes , partially because the paper cited elsewhere in this thread already corrected for social class and found that certain immigrnts were still overrepresented in the rape statistics even if immigrants as a single group were n't . 
   that screws people up . 
  so that makes it ok then ? 
  how tolerant ... 
   of young men from immigrant backgrounds and cultures that are not as liberal as the western one about women . 
  this is the thing that progressives are just ignorant about . 
  they have whipped up this narrative that europeans are just complete trash that they do n't even understand themselves or their own culture let alone understand foreigners or foreign culture . 
  what is it that makes western european culture so good ? 
  if you really think about it the thing that makes western culture so good is the fact that we have peace and stability and the reason we have this is because we value democracy , freedom , law and order , etc. 
  were does this culture come from ? 
  well it comes from our history . 
  the 60s and 70s with the hippie revolution , the 1800s with the scientific and industrial revolution , the 1700s with the enlightenment revolution , all the way back to the ancient greeks who thought long and hard on how a just state should be built . 
  this is were our modern values and ideals come from . 
  and once we realise that we can start to think about what culture does an illiterate afghan peasant have ? 
  is it compatible with western culture ? 
  when we take on individual refugees we need to consider is this individual willing to integrate himself into a culture that is so vastly different from his own ? 
  i knew a nurse once who had worked as a schoolnurse in an immigrant area and she had some stories to tell . 
  for example : a lot of girls when they turned 16 were forced to get engaged to some man that her family decided she should marry . 
  because this is how it has always been done in their home country and now is no different . 
  and i listened to her tell the story and my first reaction was `` she must be a lying racist '' later when i heard similar stories from others i started thinking `` is this really the sort of cultural values that we want to mix into our western culture ? '', 
  that is when i started questioning the generally accepted idea of multuculturalism because i have no problem with people like that syrian intellectual that i had a nice conversation with at my university but i do kind of have a problem when there are parts of this society , my society , where women are not allowed to chose who they marry anymore . 
  and what i realised is that an intellectual is an intellectual regardless of where he 's from and will have a sort of similar culture to my own but your average afghan peasant , or somali , or whatever will come from a culture that is the complete opposite of what i stand for and what i like about western civilization . 
  a quote from a rather interesting college professor :  the hardest thing for weirdos , who view all religion as odd , and perhaps risible , when not dangerous , to grasp is -- ** muslims actually believe this stuff . 
  **  not having been touched by the enlightenment , much less post-modernism , muslims are on a different planet , intellectually speaking , than weirdos ( * note : western educated industrialised rich and democratic * ) . 
  at best , they talk past each other . 
  as someone who has advocated a tough approach to muslim immigrants who do not seek to assimilate to western norms , particularly if they have extreme views , some sympathy for them nevertheless is in order here . 
  you have taken quite an obvious antagonistic side here . 
  i mean just look through your comments in this thread ... you are actually trying to normalise the data so it looks more in line with the general population . 
  i mean otherwise you do n't have a leg to stand on because then you are simply saying `` yes immigrants commit more rape but that is ok because reasons . '', 
  ( i just assumed you were n't that kind of person and actually had some sort of statistical magic to correct the numbers ) . 
  usually your side will bring up things like socioeconomic factors like if that will make the problem go away so we do n't have to actually deal with it . 
  my norwegian is crap but basically what they seem to be saying is that they ca n't ( or wo n't . 
  my norsk is really crap ) find a correlation between immigrants and rape . 
  that may well be true for the oslo precinct ( still doesnt ' say anything about the country in general ) but it does n't hold true for finland since there have been studies done that seem to show that first generation immigrants are responsible for 28 % of the rapes in finland and that there are huge difference within the different immigrat groups ( martti lehti et al ( 2014 ) ca n't get to it right now as it seems to be behind a paywall ) . 
  also this study was n't part of `` neo nazi propaganda '' or whatever you might call it . 
  this was a study looking at the relationship between different immigrant groups and crime victims and perpetrators . 
  the study concluded with suggesting different ways of integrating these groups better into society so that they will stop being problems . 
  the thing about data is that pretty much anyone can dig it up and analyse it so you may aswell accept the data you find because if you ignore the problems they tend to become big problems and then you have a situation where a former naziparty ( literal nazis ) are just 1.9 percentage points away from becoming the biggest party in the latest polls ... and they always tend to underperform during polling so their actual election results if there was an election today might be a lot higher and i 'm kind of worried about what results they 'll actually get in the 2018 election ... [ here you have a study ] ( http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/14043858.2014.926062 ) that looks at finland and norway and shows that some immigration groups are overrepresented in criminal statistics in both countries ( perhaps oslo is simply blessed or the police do n't really want to talk about it ) so there is obviously some sort of problem here regardless of political sensibilities or opinions . 
  well the article [ itself ] ( http://finlandtoday.fi/how-the-rape-in-tapanila-started-an-outrage-against-somalis-in-finland/ ) claim that 11 % of the population make up 20 % of the rape accused ( actually 28 % i checked the original article ) . 
  regardless of how you correct for this statistics you are still faced with the actual problem of 11 % of the population being responsible for almost 30 % of rapes in the country . 
  but by all means show me how to normalise those 28 % so we do n't have to worry about the safety of our women anymore ... to me it looks more like your side is the one trying to fake statistics and make shit up . 
  yes . 
  there is a culture difference between rural swedes and city swedes . 
  that 's all well and good except you did n't present any statistics you just asserted you view and insulted everyone else . 
  but nordics are nothing if not naive . 
  gem 3 :  but the truth is that about 80 per cent of the rape suspects are still native finns . 
  goddamn native finns are more rapey than immigrants !, 
  unless you understand statistics . 
  20 % of rape suspects are non finns . 
  finns make up 89 % of the population and ~ 97 % of the population are finns , swedes , russians , estonians , and english .
