  then i sad poor latvia . 
  how did you make the leap to white blood cells ? 
  that is not a logical leap you are not living up to the first part of your name . 
  well that seems kinda like an unhealthy obsession ... 
  op is obviously jonesing for karma he needs his fix . 
  i would like to see some statistics backing that up before i trust that arbitrary percentage . 
  i do n't know i always get into these discussions . 
  i think , on some level at least , i seriously believe that if i point out the flaws in their reasoning they will realize the absurd ideas they follow and stop . 
  once i even went so far as to try to convince a drunk neo nazi , twice my size , that his idea of getting into longships and raiding the british coast again , like the good ol' days , was a terrible idea . 
  but he simply went into full `` i know you guys think i 'm stupid but i firmly believe that we should get into our ships and take stuff from the weak english because that is what we used to do 1000 years ago and i do n't see the problem with that '' . 
  i just figured that if i pointed out how that would really ruin our industry and make us some sort of backwater stoneage country like rural afghanistan he would come to his senses and reject that idea and perhaps even reconsider the validity of the national socialist ideaology ... [ but you know did n't work . 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4tl5wixv31qj9xud.jpg ), 
  yeah i 'm not so sure we share the same definition of diversity or adoration for that matter . 
  because the nazis where so anti muslim that they raised two ss divisions of [ muslim volunteers ... ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/bundesarchiv_bild_146-1977-137-20%2c_bosnische_ss-freiwillige_beim_gebet.jpg ), 
  around 4-9 000 disappear every year in sweden and we think that most of it is because it is very expensive to dispose of a horse when it dies so a lot of people simply drive them out into the woods and shoot them when they get too old . 
  but we have found that there are no horse controls done at the border so you could potentially smuggle truck loads of horses out of the country and no one would know about it because it would not be noted in any raport or statistics . 
  also there are a lot of butheries in europe who will pay a lot of money for the horse if you can get it there so ... who knows where these horses end up . 
  and as one of the animal control inspectors noted : `` do you really think you can have beef tenderloin on a pizza for 8 euro or that you can have a real boeuf bourguignon at lunch prices ? 
  you get what you pay for . '', 
  i 'm kinda mellow about this i mean why should i care that there is horses in my meat ? 
  then everyone tells me `` but they are horseys they are teh kewt ! '', 
  and i tell them to fuck off cows are cute too but i still eat them !, 
  by risk they seem to mean everything , droughts , floodings , bad weather , media coverage , quality of the water , etc. 
  [ for the lazy ] ( http://youtu.be/wrq0w2m1zh4 ), 
  according to this map they are sami ... 
  this map is not entirely accurate . 
  [ yeah we 're the crazy ones ... ] ( http://satwcomic.com/they-grow-up-so-fast ) :p, 
   that old chestnut . 
  maybe it 's time you start discussing why some women hate men , but i guess that would be too much to ask from the collective media-mind of pc sweden . 
  i do n't really know what counts as logic in denmark but i think it would make aristotle and plato cry . 
  that happens all the time around here and then we have to dig it out and then thaw it and that also causes a bunch of delays . 
  also i just heard that the snowfall this year is the worst in the last 40 or so years . 
  feeling a bit entitled are we ? 
  why is it that when a debate is about `` man some things suck about being a woman in a man dominated world '' some random douchebag tries to make the debate about men ? 
  they are two completely different debates and should not be mixed up because they just obscure each other . 
  that was titel in a list not a sumary about the content of the debate . 
  i assumed you knew what i was talking about since you were so quick to counter . 
  that is what the debate is about and you were trying to turn it around so whether intentional or not that is what you were trying to defend by trying to make the issue about your little feelings . 
  op wanted the biggest public debate so i merely listed the things that we are debating on fb and around , the water cooler/the kitchen table so it 's not really a political list . 
  politics is more about economy , spending , social programs , and the odd defense debate . 
  you know the usual . 
  the defense debate is very interesting because we have never really had those kind of debates before so people tend to just lie from their asses because they think that no one is interested and no one will check their claims . 
  i have actually heard a member of parliament say : `` every country in the world is reducing military spending and reducing the size of their armed forces therefore we should not be the ones to start an arms race by building a lot of new ships and airplanes or raising a bunch of land attack batalions . '', 
  `` but the russians are actually building up their forces and increasing their military spending by several hundred percent in the coming decades ... '' `` now that is just plain racist ! '', 
  that made me very sad and made me want to learn finish and move to finland . 
  there are lot of reasons for this but a friend who works in that bussiness have told me that it is a combination of a lot of factors among then it 's that it gets really cold here temperatures can plumet to -20 \u00b0 c to -40 \u00b0 c and then add to that the chilling factor of a train that is traveling at 100-200km / h then it gets really cold for the train . 
  it 's actually related to a journalist who is investigating right wing people and getting a lot of really disturbing mails and comments and phone calls about it . 
  my old teacher made this comment about it : `` why is it that whenever a woman speaks up and some men do n't like it some of those men think that it is an appropriate response to threaten her with sex/rape ? '', 
  and then he asked if these men are the same tpe of people who commit atrocities in war torn countries like the balkans , kongo , or vietnam ? 
  the debate has been going on little by little but it really flared up when this journalist started taking a lot of flack . 
  for your personal interest that book sparked a very short lived debate because sweden is often considered one of the more gender equal countries so therefore we tend to get a bit complacent . 
  `` oh well but women have it pretty good here so we do n't really have to talk about it . '', 
  i do n't know but i think that the men hating women is a little bit more , well , disgusting . 
  i mean have you ever been in a situation where a woman has threatened you so much that you have to threaten her with rape ? 
  i mean where is that even applicable except when trying to terrorize someone into silence when their opinions are so dangerous to your world image that you have to silence her imedeatly or else your self righteous self image might be harmed . 
  it 's not like you are facing a woman with a knife who 's going to stab you and you start undoing your pants going `` right lady your gon na get it now ! '', 
  it 's not self defense when you say `` you fucking cunt you seriously need to be raped ! '', 
  it 's just trying to terrorize someone into silence . 
  at least that is what i have learned from this discussion . 
  it 's difficult to sum up what the entire nation is debating right now because it very much depends on where you live . 
  but i think that these are kind of nation wide debates : * train delays aka the big train screw up of every winter . 
  * why are christians being persecuted and why are n't we allowed to sing the national anthem/hymns in school ? 
  ( it 's that one time of the year when swedes actually discuss religion and somehow nationalism follows with it . ), 
  closely followed by * why do some men hate women ? 
  and why do n't we talk more openly about it ? 
  * this economy , eh ? 
  * it 's snowing . 
  is this how we die ? / weak stockholmers ca n't handle the snow in pajala we clear main street and then the traffic can flow again !, 
  * the satanic messages and rituals hidden in the [ yule calendar . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_christmas_calendar ), 
  he is n't telling people to not take their medication . 
  this thread is n't even about that it is about why college students in america are eating medication that they do n't need . 
  people are less susceptible to change because people are n't composed of several different people who have different agendas and different world views , people do n't change boards or parliaments and they do n't live for more than 120 years . 
  the problem with giving the peace prize to the an organization like the eu is that we do n't know what will happen or what effect they will have in this century . 
  in the next 30-40 years the eu could turns into a fascist dictatorship for all we know . 
  i hope they do deserve it because the founder got one prize and the red cross itself got 3 prizes . 
  i mean seriously wtf ?!, 
  it 's like `` well we do n't really have any good candidates this year . . well what the hell lets just give it to the red cross again no one will dare criticise us on that ! '', 
  did the icrc really do so much that they deserved 3 prizes while people like oscar schindler , raoul wallenberg , bertrand russell , hell even albert einstein deserved no prize ? 
  also it goes against the will of alfred nobel to give the prize to organizations !, 
  that is another thing that bothers me !, 
  henri dunant already got the peace prize in 1901 so why the fuck did the red cross get it after ww1 ? 
  also the problem with giving it to organizations is that they might exist for a long time after they received the prize how do you know that the organizations goal wo n't change later and it might become something that is completly the opposite of why they got the peace prize to begin with . 
  this is especially true of the eu . 
  the eu is constantly changeing and how can we be sure that they wo n't become authoritarian dicks in the future ? 
  ** edit ** also the red cross got the prize on several occasions i mean was there a shortage of pacifists or people working to rescue jews during ww2 so they had to give it to the red cross again ? 
  it 's not the bias that bothers me it 's that it is so blatantly politicized because everyone in the committe got there because the parliament wanted them there . 
  there 's a difference between it going to more than one person and it going to an organization . 
  meh the nobel peace prize is a sham . 
  the delegation that selects the winner is appointed by the norweigan parliament therefore this is a political thing and should probably be more thought of as an extension of norwegian foreign policy . 
  '' ... and one part to the person who shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . '', 
  but the eu is a person according to you then ? 
  i do n't think it was part of their plan but they will probably use it because not using it would be silly for a terrorist organisation who wants to hurt europe . 
  i read a news story in january claiming that is was using the refugees as cover to infiltrate europe but so far nothing has happened . 
  yup . 
  human trafficking is basically a part of anti-slavery laws so no but if it is shown that you knew about them and you still hid them then you could probably be at risk of being charged with people smuggling . 
   and let 's also not forget that the people who arrive safely in germany and want to go further to sweden are in a clear minority , most refugees stay here . 
  yes but if you are moving from denmark to sweden then you ca n't exactly claim refugee status anymore because it 's not like if the danes are bad people . 
  yes i never meant the analogy to mean that we are being invaded that is ridicilous . 
  i meant that it 's not as if we can just shoot them or round them up and send them to camps or anything .
