so perhaps we should tell the 400 000 refugees after the second world war that they can finally move back home because / u/idle _ villager says that their homeland was never occupied after the 1944 armistice ? 
  sweet !, 
  i think you need to read up on the history here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_karelia, 
  haha no . 
  are you serious ? 
  [ no one is arguing that we should invade russia ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/732/494/c35.gif ) . 
  crimea is about as russian as poland . 
  since they both became part of the russian empire around the same time . 
  so why do n't you go argue that russia should invade poland !, 
  we will be invincible in hockey , it 's a great plan !, 
  it 's a fan made music video to sabatons [ the lion from the north ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msc8evcpqzu ) ( english version for international listeners ) . 
  the lion from the north was the nickname that [ gustavus adolphus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustavus_adolphus_of_sweden ) received when sweden intervened in the 30 years war . 
  when swedes and finns talk about karelia they usually mean the isthmus and ladoga karelia which were part of the finnish province until 1944 when , if you recall they were taken by the soviet union . 
  the reason for this confusion is probably because in swedish and finnish we talk about east karelia and west karelia or russian karelia and finnish karelia . 
  i do n't know where your hate comes from but you certainly look like an idiot when you get so upset about things you do n't know anything about so perhaps you should try to calm down a bit . 
  finland is artificial state . 
  finland is of rightful swedish clay . 
  we must protect swedish minority . 
  finnish people really want into greater sweden . 
  their government is corrupt eu/nato puppets . 
  [ what fascinating modern times we live in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1do7n_vlshu ) ... 
  there is a difference between pointing out mistakes and making shit up . 
  they believe that sweden is the worst country in every regard . 
  the link i was responding to was english wikipedia . 
  you did n't read the link did you ? 
   but they are . 
  no they are not . 
  you do n't get special immunity just because you become a journalist . 
  which is a good thing because most journalists are assholes and would use the immunity to be even bigger assholes . 
   why do you think they 've fallen to place 46 in reporters without borders ranking of press freedom ? 
  which is on par for most of western europe and according to reporters without borders a ranking above 75 is ok ... 
  they do have a pragmatic streak unfortunantely they also have a lot of issues that make me hesitant to move there . 
  the guy you got it from was lying . 
   not everything is part of the russia today/pravda agenda i did not say that i specifically pointed out that i 've heard a lot of random crazy stuff lately and dragging up a law that was repealed in 1976 with the words `` lets not forget that 80 years ago sweden did have a law to sterilize people '' definitely counts as random . 
  and trying to confound the matter by trying to establish some sort of link between this law and the law that states that in order to legally change your sex you had to be castrated is just crazy and also that law was repealed last year so saying :  ** the sterilisation still exists for trans people in sweden ** and various other progressive countries , but was removed by the danish parliament just today . 
  is just lying . 
  it actually makes me feel worse . 
  i 'd vote for any party or move to any country that would throw off the yoke of ideology and just use pragmatism as a guiding principle . 
  pick stuff apart , find out what is good , then incorporate those ideas in you own country . 
  that is proper good statesmanship . 
  unfortunantely it is n't very common over here . 
  not if you have been watching russian news lately . 
  they 've been going on about how ukraine was caused by a swedish-polish-ukranian-neo-nazi-tartar-jewish conspiracy to reclaim our lost empires . 
  also because apparantly the cia really wants the swedish empire to rise from the ashes under the cia operative/dictator carl bildt and go all karl xii on russia again . 
  it 's disturbing to say the least . 
  i do n't know what point op wanted to make with this post i 'm just saying i 've heard more random crazy shit come out of the blue the last few weeks . 
  so us high schoolers worship sweden . 
  british , and japanese , high schoolers worship the us . 
  swedish high schoolers worship britain and japan and we come full circlejerk . 
  i would assume he knows and was just using you as a colloquial for your country and did n't mean you specifically . 
  note that the russian izhmash company also make license model ar 15s . 
  so we do n't really kow if it is a russian , ukrainian , or even an american model until we get our hand on it . 
  and even if we could make out which country the gun was produced in it wo n't really tell us anything because if this is spetsnaz gru they are professional enough to not carry a lot of identifying weapons and equipment unless they want to be identified . 
  we do n't do that either now because someone decided that mental care is bad and then they pulled funding so basically all mental care is now outpatient care which is a problem because if you require inpatient care ( hospitalisation ) for your mental issues they have to lock you up with rapists and murderers . 
  i wish i was exaggerating but i 'm not . 
  we have 18 year old suicidal girls locked up in mental institutions for criminals where they live with murderers and rapists and get similar treatment as they get . 
  and the reason we do this is because the politicians have shut down all mental care institutions for adults so there is no where to place them . 
  up until the 90s it was still illegal to beg in sweden so up until then whenever someone tried to gain entry but obviously lacked any proper means of supporting themselves they would be denied entry at the border . 
  if they came on the ferry they would be escorted right back on . 
  unfortunantly it is no longer considered `` nice '' to stop people at the border just because they do n't speak the language and have no outlook of getting gainfully employed so now we have a new social problem in swden . 
  and because you 've never seen it it obviously never happens , right ? 
  the reason that organised crime ships beggars to a western european country is because they make a profit on the begging so obviously they get a lot more money than you ever see . 
  events like the red wedding were not all that common but there are several events in medieval history that are similar . 
  during the stockholm bloodbath the noblemen of sweden were invited to a great party to celebrate that they had achieved a favourable peace with the danes.the peace accord involved immunity for all the nobles involved that were still alive so people were shocked when danish soldiers stormed in and seized a bunch of nobles who were then put on trial for heresy and executed . 
  heresy had not been part of the immunity deal , which just goes to show never trust a priest . 
  interestingly enough erik johansson father of gustav vasas was late for this banquet and when he arrived at the great hall the doors were already locked but he simply pounded on the doors demanding to be let inside by the danish soldiers ... gustav vasa , who could not attend because he had just escaped from a danish prison , would eventually lead the rebellion against the danes and become the first king of modern sweden . 
  also when vlad iii tepes became voivode of wallachia his first order of business was to invite all the great boyars to a big feast and when they were drunk his guard stormed in and arrested everyone then he executed them and gave their positions to lower nobles , foreigners , and commoners because he felt he could trust them more than the boyars who he felt were responsible for the murder of his father and brother . 
  well in yankistanis defense it 's kinda what we used to do here in scandinavia . 
  now you made me hungry ... 
  i 'm saying that this cooperation should have been public knowledge since it was exposed in the 90s by both historians and a governmental inquiry . 
   but that they 're then sharing that information with the us , a country we 're not formally allied with . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  if this is the problem then you have n't been paying attention because this has been known for something like two decades now . 
  dude , i did n't even know . 
  [ we 're sorry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u0el_u4nvw ) . 
  we were kinda messed up there after we lost finland . 
  but hey we have been working well together lately . 
  our joint mechanised batalion in bosnia was one of the few that actually got some good work done . 
  [ good times ] ( http://youtu.be/jednspqnt4u?t=1m6s ) . 
  alright !, 
  i 'll be right back to dispense some asswhooping as soon as i get the un security council to agree on anything ... 
  alright , settle down now . 
  you would n't want us to draft a un resolution to come down and pour a bucket of cold water on you , now would you ? 
  come on futski show some danish pride . 
  do n't you remember the time when we were under heavy fire from artillery and you guys got ambushed on your way to relieve us but you solved that ambush like a baws ? 
  the people in the balkans are very dangerous unless you bring swedish apcs supported by danish tanks , then they learn to respect the rage of the norsemen . 
   a senior azerbaijani mp has accused the european parliament of political `` subversion '' after the eu assembly said azerbaijan 's recent election was rigged . 
  do n't blame us just because [ you published your election results before the election ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/10/09/oops-azerbaijan-released-election-results-before-voting-had-even-started/ ) . 
  that 's not our fault !, 
  [ let 's get the sexy german party on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zudtaczkgrs ) !, 
  but you guys are from denmark . 
  that 's basically southern europe !, 
  i wonder if she 's going to show him her showers ... 
  this is pretty much my reaction too and i 'm a guy !, 
  oh you germans and your impecable timing . 
  yes , latvia get potato and not sad . 
  one day , hear knock on door . 
  man ask `` who is ? '', 
  `` is potato man , i come around to give free potato '' man is very excite and opens door . 
  is not potato man , is secret police .
