i do n't even know what you mean by all of that . 
  i 'm not saying poland does n't have a long way to go , including in regards to lgbt rights or even our society 's attitude towards them , i 'm saying we do n't necessarily need to do the same things other societies do . 
  for example , i 'm all up for letting gay couples legalising their relationships , with most but not all benefits straight couples have , e.g. 
  not adopting children ( for reasons i mentioned elsewhere , in a reply to you , the one you downvoted without bothering to explain why ) . 
  i mentioned why gay couples adopting children may be a valid subject to objection in my [ other comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4as5az/homosexuality_still_seen_as_a_disease_in_parts_of_eu/d13q5cm ) ( on mobile now , too long to repeat myself , sorry ; feel free to reply here or there though ) . 
  letting gays adopt children is not in the same league as letting them inherit after one another . 
  neither is allowing in thousands upon thousands immigrants / refugees who share nothing common with out own society . 
  way to polarize , man . 
  either i agree with you or i 'm a putin lovin ' authoritarian ? 
  i 'm talking about issues like gay rights ( the actual topic of this thread ! ), 
  or social justice in a broader spectrum , immigration and cultural identity issues . 
  i believe we can learn from others ' experiences and adapt policies to better suit our society , not blindly follow whatever others think is right . 
  democracy is just one issue you mentioned , and i actually think that 's a valuable one ( i 'm in vehement opposition to our current government on this one ) . 
  but that does n't mean all `` western values '' are right for everyone . 
  i do n't necessarily want poland to go the same direction france , germany or sweden did with their internal affairs policies . 
  what works ( or sometimes does n't ) for them , does n't have to work for us . 
  who 's to say these western values are right though ? 
  tolerance is one thing , but where does it end ? 
  not every country is the same . 
  just because e.g. 
  france is a cultural melting pot , does it mean poland should follow the same route , and if we do n't , we 're somehow wrong ? 
  i do n't buy this . 
  what orphanages do you speak of ? 
  do you think there is an abundance of children waiting to be adopted ? 
  you have to wait a long time and go through a very lengthy screening process to adopt a newborn . 
  all of this is done to ensure the possibly best scenario for the child . 
  the only children that end up in orphanages or foster families are older ( 6 + ) kids from broken homes , and practically no one wants to adopt them . 
  at least that 's how the situation looks in poland . 
  so now the issue a lot of people have with letting gays adopt children is that if they are allowed , it means they will have the same rights as straight couples . 
  in my opinion , it 's not unjustified to believe that it 's better for a child to be raised in an environment with a mother and a father , instead of two same sex parents . 
  so either we discriminate gays in the adoption process ( and then , well , they are discriminated against , as they are right now ) , or we give them the same rights straight couples have , and this possibly means that the child is raised in suboptimal environment . 
  that 's why people are against , and i think it 's hard to blame them . 
  there is little ( if any ) evidence supporting a claim that best-scenario same sex parents are as good for a child as a best-scenario straight parents , so erring on the side of caution for the benefit of the child seems understandable . 
  oh i 'm not ashamed about being polish , on the contrary . 
  i 'm proud of my country and my nation , we 've accomplished quite a fucking lot in the past 25 years . 
  neither am i ashamed that we - the majority of us at least - chose pis to rule the country . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  i can live with taxing the everliving shit out of companies that actually hire people and giving that money out for free , which [ i believe ] will have disastrous effect on our economy . 
  that 's what the people wanted . 
  what i am ashamed of is the ruling party 's disregard for law , the irresponsible foreign policy , the pettiness . 
  how the president divides the society into better and worse people . 
  i 'm on a telco with a swiss colleague at work and while we 're waiting for others to show up , she asks me `` hey , i 've seen some news reports on the situation in poland , what 's going on ? 
  why are people protesting ? '', 
  ( happened today ) . 
  that 's not the kind of questions i want to be answering about my country , i 'd rather stick to `` how 's the weather in poland ? 
  '' , thank you very much . 
  i encourage you to read her opinion in full , not just the excerpt i cited . 
  it 's pretty good and fairly understandable to a normal person . 
  the others make sense too , although you need to speak legalese to read them . 
  i 'm not a lawyer myself , my wife is though and i picked it up here and there , so i actually get most of what they 're saying . 
  the guy from uksw is clearly opinionated , but the other ones have a lot of merit to them , props to ziobro for getting these things published . 
  as for the constitution , i do n't think it 's bad . 
  it clearly has flaws , we see one of them in full light at the moment , but i would n't go as far as to say we need a completely new one . 
  constitutions are n't really meant to be rewritten , the us one is holding up for centuries and in a pretty good shape . 
  we need ammendments , or simply speaking - an evolution , not a revolution . 
  especially with the current political climate , with one party holding the full power , pretty much disregarding anything the opposing parties have to say . 
   ziobro and duda are lawyers for example but according to you their opinion is not legit . 
  duda is a doctor of law that 's pretty good afaic . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  ziobro never practiced law . 
  duda 's university condoned his for his actions . 
   show you the links ? 
  what am i google ? 
  why do n't you too show me the links of impartial experts ? 
  do you have any ? 
  yeah . 
  plenty of them . 
  here you go - [ google news search for `` konstytucjonalista '' ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=konstytucjonalista&amp;tbm=nws ) . 
  it is the position of the overwhelming majority that government is acting against the consitution . 
  although i do have to admit that [ 2 hours ago ziobro published some contrary opinions ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/eksperci-ktorzy-podzielaja-zdanie-rzadu-ws-trybunalu,626234.html ) . 
  i 'm still reading through them . 
  i find [ anna \u0141abno 's ] ( https://r.dcs.redcdn.pl/https/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p1/f/a14ac55a4f27472c5d894ec1c3c743d2/85185139-63e3-48cb-8acd-976d50cf7d33.pdf ) opinion particularly interesting , and she 's a well known authority on the matter too . 
  i wo n't bother with translation , most likely no non-polish speaker will dig this deep in this thread . 
  i 'm ashamed when i see threads like this on / r/europe or my colleagues at work ask me what 's going on in poland . 
  all of this happening really hurts poland 's image internationally , that 's what i 'm ashamed for . 
  please , post some links that would enlighten me , go ahead , i will read or watch them . 
  find me one constitutionalist that agrees with what the government is doing about ct. 
  yes , people from the government have no real authority on the consitution . 
  ziobro , who sure , passed his prosecutorial exam , but has never worked , not even a single day , as a prosecutor ? 
  do n't joke man , it 's not even funny . 
  who else is there ? 
  someone who is n't a clear supporter of one or the other party , please , show me the names , the interviews . 
  fuck , let 's even consider the current members of the ct. . how many of them submitted a votum separatum to the most recent verdict ? 
  two , the new ones elected by pis . 
  obvious . 
  but there are other ct judges that pis voted for - miros\u0142aw granat , s\u0142awomira wronkowska-ja\u015bkiewicz , leon kieres . 
  they did n't . 
  you ca n't just simply say ct is fully political because all judges were elected by po ( in fact , granat was elected during pis + lpr+so ) . 
  lots of other judges received votes not only from po or psl , but also other parties . 
  please , refrain from comments like `` take your head out of your butt '' . 
  you look around . 
  not at your own reflection in the mirror . 
  ask a lawyer what they think about it . 
  the president is a lawyer , sure , and his alma mater practically disowned him for taking the decisions he took . 
  his former colleagues shook heads in disbelief on television . 
  the entire international community raises their collective eyebrow asking `` what the fuck is happening in poland ? '', 
  the venice commission shits all over this . 
  and that 's still not enough for you , i am the biased one , i have the head up my own butt . 
   there is no attack on democracy and the one who stomps on constitution is the ct at the moment . 
  there are certainly people , including a lot of people with real authority on the subject matter , who happen to disagree with you on that .
