  actually , i have n't seen anyone with any subject matter knowledge , outside of the government itself and their affiliates , claiming that it 's the ct who is infringing on the constitution . 
  surely there must be something worrying about this situation if eu and us feel the need to press through diplomatic means . 
  putting something in quotation marks is not subtlety . 
  what were you trying to convey through that ? 
  in what capacity ? 
  how does it change the nature of what you said ? 
  `` defending democracy '' is an easy one , understandable , you probably believe the people taking it to the streets have a hidden agenda , or you just do n't deem their motivation worthy of their actions . 
  but `` lemings '' ? 
  that 's no different from simply lemmings . 
  tk situation mostly . 
  i expected stuff like 500 + , i expected them taking the sort of decisions that will affect our economy in a bad way for social benefits . 
  even poor ( in my opinion ) foreign affairs policies . 
  but i never expected them making such a blatant attack on the constitution . 
  and they 're blatantly disregarding law . 
  beyond any nightmares in the scope of what could happen after the elections , not in general . 
  what is happening is a direct attack at democracy , something we 've really fought for for a long time . 
  just because they were elected in a democratic process does not give them mandate to stomp over the constitution , this is what i meant . 
  and why do you call people lemmings ? 
  just because someone was n't dissatisfied with the previous government does n't make them worse . 
  i never got why people feel the urge to call other people derogatory names because of their political affiliations . 
  it 's really childish . 
  could ... could it be that these people , myself included , became more vocal because they actually are n't happy with what 's going on ? 
  i did n't particularly like po , but at least i was n't ashamed of what 's going on . 
  you say `` while nothing bad is happening '' ? 
  what pis is doing now is beyond any nightmares i had prior to the elections . 
  and no , contrary to what you might think , i 'm not being paid by po . 
  near warsaw vs in . 
  warsaw 's satellite towns have pretty shitty internet as far as i know , lots of people have to resort to using mobile connections which ends up saturating the network . 
  you see , this is a starter pack for poles immigrating to uk . 
  keep in mind they have already left poland , so now they 're contributing to uk 's safety statistics . 
  you 're being delusional . 
  why would anyone in pis leave now , when they 're in power and can do whatever the fuck they want ? 
  besides , these are people vetted and picked by the almighty prezes kaczy\u0144ski , they 're loyal till death . 
  i 'm more afraid that kukiz and right wing po members will shift sides , lusting power , and pis will have a supermajority , allowing them to change the constitution . 
  lots of poles hate what 's going on in poland at the moment , myself included , but these are our internal affairs that have nothing to do with our foreign policies . 
  you mentioned the refugee crisis and blame us for not wanting to accept them . 
  as / u/kony11 said , that 's not true . 
  he mentions the ukrainians , rightfully so , and have you heard any polish outcry and begging for help dealing with all the ukrainian immigrants ? 
  we do n't mind them , hell , most of us accept them with open arms . 
  the cultural differences are not a barrier as they are with syrian refugees . 
  ukrainians assimilate into polish society , whereas muslim immigrants are known to create their own enclaves and mini societies . 
  you need to keep in mind that poland is a pretty homogeneous nation and society . 
  we do n't necessarily want to become a `` melting pot '' , like other countries did , and there are no grounds for us to do it . 
  we do n't have a history of colonial expansion and we 've fought really fucking hard to keep our identity thoughout history , with poland not being a sovereign state for more than 100 years , under various kinds of occupation with occupants trying to extinguish any polish spirit . 
  now i 'm not some nationalistic racist nut , but i also do n't think it 's okay for some eu countries to say `` we 're all the same and we should accept refugees equally '' , that 's not fair . 
  * ( makes me feel weird writing about children like a commodity ; anyway , anecdotal evidence , friends of mine adopted a child because they could n't have their own and told me all about it ) * toddlers are in very high demand , and it 's very hard to adopt one . 
  some people wait years . 
  the older the child , the less in demand it is , but 3-4 year olds still have very good chances to be adopted quite quickly . 
  6 years old and older , usually coming from a broken family , abused , etc. 
  - forget it . 
  they often cause a lot of trouble , come with plenty of siblings and usually end up in foster families . 
  sure it 'd be best for kids to grow up in normal families , with their natural parents . 
  but now if we consider that it 's indeed better for a child that is up for adoption to grow in a family with both a father and a mother , we 're coming back to the equal rights issue . 
  if a state recognises gay couple marriage , then they have the same right as a hetero couple marriage , including the right to adopt . 
  if we limit these rights , we 're back to square one . 
  the whole point of the very lengthy adoption screening process is to ensure that a kid ends up in the best possible family . 
  does that happen if we let gay couples adopt ? 
  i think it 's a valid concern , that 's why i 'm a proponent of letting gay couples have most of the benefits of marriage , but not all of them ( like adoption ; i 'm also conflicted on tax deductions , but i would n't protest if they had them ) . 
  way to polarize . 
  is a best-scenario gay couple as good for a child who is up for an adoption as a best-scenario hetero couple though ? 
  i do n't think there is enough scientific research to prove one or the other , simply because it 's not happening on a large enough scale , so i believe it 's justified to let people judge using their own `` gut feeling '' in a democratic process . 
  and slovenians did just that , as is their right . 
  does n't always but does in this case , to an extent . 
  the economic situation in poland right now is not stable , nobody knows what to expect from the government in the future . 
  the only thing that is known is that the current ruling party wants to impose more taxes , especially on bigger companies , to spend money on social programmes . 
  this does not fare well for the economic growth , and it is reflected in the stocks . 
  i used to work at a bank for a couple of years and have a lot of friends in the financial sector . 
  this is of course anecdotal , but the truth is everyone now errs on the side of caution , and that means no investment . 
  private banking advises their clients to sell , because with the general situation being not great ( china mainly ) and there being no signs that the current government will have a business friendly policy , it 's most likely going to get worse . 
  and that 's exactly what you 're seeing on the charts . 
  it is not really caused by any specific action by the government , but rather the uncertainty about what 's gon na come . 
  then the domino effect kicks in , investors who decided to wait and see are now afraid they 're going to lose even more , and we end up with drops like that . 
  so you think tk should be fully exchanged every time we have elections ? 
  so they do n't interfere with whatever the current majority wants to do ? 
  then let 's also have the president be elected by sejm instead of by public vote , because what if the president is from a different party and vetoes everything ? 
  that 's not how democracy works in this country , the constitution is pretty fucking clear about it . 
  tk judges are chosen by the current sejm . 
  the three judges elected by the previous sejm were elected rightfully and should be there . 
  they have the democratic mandate to sit in the tk . 
  the two that were chosen for the seats expiring in the future were not and do not , so go ahead and pick two , not five . 
  seems superficial . 
  probing and analysing to what end ? 
  war ? 
  why else would they do shit that ends up hurting them more and create social tensions ? 
  sanctions imposed on and by them result in economic isolation , for what ? 
  `` russia stronk '' alone seems stupid , and i would n't call putin stupid . 
  what i 'm wondering is why do russians violate foreign countries ' airspace ? 
  what 's the agenda ? 
  it 's the catholic religion in poland you see in play here , not any iron curtain . 
  the church plays a huge role in social and political life in poland . 
  we have one of the most strict abortion laws , soon in vitro might be outlawed and do n't even think about any gay rights . 
  right . 
  you claim that and i claim the poles who had left for uk increased the average iq in both countries . 
  jokes aside , you make it seem as if anybody that has n't decided on leaving is an idiot , whereas that 's just not true . 
  there 's plenty of educated , well-off people who 'd rather work and live in their own country than be treated as a second class citizen elsewhere . 
  well , there are n't many apartment blocks in the countryside , right ? 
  also , not everyone owns or wants to own a house . 
  i just bought a 90 m ^ 2 flat , and i could have bought or built a house with a bit more money ( i could afford it , so that 's not a big deal ) . 
  i just prefer having a flat over a house , for a couple of reasons - my flat is 5 minutes away from downtown , public transport is a minute away , a couple of schools nearby . 
  also cable internet connection which is one of my top priorities because i work from home .
