  what i do n't understand is why . 
  why germany has so much power on the ecb ? 
  germany is the first country in the eu , but not by a huge margin . 
  it 's not true 2 . 
  if something huge like a massive depression happen it 's reasonable to change the treaty . 
  the point is that 99 % this kind of topic comes from people with uk or ireland flag . 
  seems your countrymen love to talk about that . 
   the biggest local party , the south tyrolean people 's party wants to stay part of italy but is now pressing for `` full autonomy '' , notably when it comes to tax . 
  ok this article is ridiculous . 
  we ( i 'm from there ) already have full autonomy ( 99 % ) when it comes to tax . 
  a war for 1 % !!, 
  and i do n't even go on , lombardy 's separatist sentiment ? 
  since when ? 
  so true . 
  in the italy subreddit there are a lot of jokes ( well . . they are not joke ) about uk food . 
  so . . latin ? 
  you are talking like google was created there or 'cause your brilliant service sector/smart people . 
  it 's there only 'cause your country is a tax dumping country . 
  you are talking like the european union was born in thr north and then it expanded in the south . 
  it was not the case . 
  not the monetary policy . 
  not at all . 
  you can find it also in sudtirol ( italy ) . 
  it 's the same . 
  and i agree , it 's really good . 
  also the greece one seems good . 
  til grosso modo and priori/posteriori was latin and not italian !, 
  it means that it does n't have the power to shape the public opinion . 
  at 25 % you have that power . 
  a party that reached 5 % ca n't be compared to parties at 25 % . 
  they are gorgeous !, 
  marine lepen in france , farage in uk , grillo in italy all took 25 % but there is no tensions at all . 
  just look at the last european elections . 
  do you think the populist parties who won the election go with this soft comments ? 
  i understand that you are coming from one of the few countries without them so you have no idea what their avarage comments are . 
  you are right , they are much softer . 
  except you clearly do n't get that doing reforms in time of economic stability is 100 time easier than doing them in a depression cycle . 
  and germany is doing nothing to facilitate the reform process ( block any attempt by the ecb to act stimulus reforms ) . 
  it 's so fucking sad that this is the truth . 
  they already have . 
  just with another method . 
  we are just a country splitted in 2 . 
  ok it 's not impossible , but it never happened in 95 % of the world countries . 
  or any country in the world . 
  a surplus pf 5.6 % of gdp for 15 years is just impossible for any country that does n't have oil or another big natural resource . 
  here the public transports are perfect , but i live in the north . 
  exactly this , from the alps in sudtirol to the coast of sicily , i really could n't decide a top 7 . 
  prosperity has nothing to do with gay rights . 
  look at us, 
  there is a reason i wrote germany/austria ^ ^ you can explain germany in this way , sure not austria . 
  no , we are receiving the same amount we were receiving 5 years ago when the amount of people coming in this way was 1/10 . 
  and it 's just stupid ( not only a lack of solidarity ) 'cause they are going to come in the north without any control . 
  just last week a record number of illegal immigrants was found in france near the border with italy . 
  can podemos and the psoe join in the government election next year ? 
  i mean , can they do this with your electoral law ? 
  berlusconi was a sort of best friend of putin . 
  a mystery why we have to pay more than the germans \\ austria . 
  someone can explain this ? 
  and you did n't see the best part of the italian one : the roof !, 
  unfortunately i ca n't find a good picture : /, 
  this is not a top48 . 
  it 's just 1-2 for every country . 
   what eurozone countries are dependent on non euro denominated imports ? 
  oil and gas anyway i agree that is a good thing . 
  do you know that every central banks do that and not only japan ? 
  and for many other is illegal keep inflation at 0.00 when the ecb target is 2 % . 
  i do n't see why the rules need to be applied only if are in germany 's interest . 
  i do n't understand why germany 's constitutional court  every other constitutional court . 
  like the immigration policy solidarity ? 
  yes . 
  are we going to do it ? 
  ad much as we are stupid to live near lybia and receive every day a nice huge boat full of desperate people . 
  we think the ecb is not doing what italy ( and the whole south ) needs now ( inflation , qe , stimulous actions ) mainly 'cause of germany . 
  still not even the bigger eurosceptic would say that the eu is the main problem . 
  we perfectly know that the corruption/mafia/tax evasion/bureocracy problems are just our fault . 
  the point is that we had all these problems also 10-20-30 years ago , but we never had such huge unemployment and financial problems . 
  these charts include also business visits . 
  they are really important economically but i would n't consider mario rossi 's partecipation to a meeting in london as a `` tourist vist '' . 
  we import around 90 % of the oil we need . 
  emigrate in another country should be a choice not mandatory . 
  no we do n't have big spending in these sectors compared to the other eu countries . 
  how can you think we have big spending in public school when we are at the bottom compared with any other western europe country ? 
  the only one could be public medicine . 
  we do n't have big spending . 
  in fact we are one of the few country with a budget surplus before interests . 
  not a single country in the world riduced his debt in a significant way while in deflaction . 
  did you see any kind of improve in the last 50 years ? 
  i do n't think italy can solve his debt problem anytime soon with this inflation ( actually is pure deflaction ) . 
  why low ? 
  we are the eu country with the highest life expectancy ( at least before the economic depression ) so we are full of old people . 
  old people use less internet . 
  add that south italy is a lost cause and you get that number . 
  a qe , something that everyone did in the last years . 
  the us , the uk japan etc. 
  economically speaking i would go for the republic of venice . 
  it existed for over a millennium , from the late 7th century until 1797 and was incredibly rich and prosperous . 
  overall the roman republic and the roman empire . 
  exactly because the state has a % is not gon na happen . 
  not every company can or should be ownwd by the state, 
  every single country is unconpatitivr compared to a tax dumping country .
