  they do n't in other countries . 
  they receive so much attention only from uk media . 
  it 's not true that nobody wants it , just the majority, 
  wow that was a really big delirium . 
  1 eu does n't pay us to resettle them . 
  2 in fact when we tried we were sanctioned . 
  3 we do n't want to keep them . 
  or why do you think we whine when austria close the border ? 
  4 we do n't have any glorious colonial past . 
  the countries with a glorious colonial past in africa are france and the uk . 
  5 the internet really made possible for everyone to post their ignorant nonsnse . 
  is your country going to pay the fines ? 
  so what happen if italy or greece ca n't deal with more refugees and if they no longer can go further north ? 
  do we start killing them ? 
  you are joking but in any other time of history what those countries are doing would have been considered an act of war . 
  i do n't hate them . 
  i hate the countries that allow this and screw us all . 
  i prefer 100 small inefficient stores than 1 giant efficient thief . 
  do you really think that it was blocked even if germany was in favor ? 
  it would be the first time something that germany wants fail . 
  more or less the same in milan . 
  and south europe too since for germany the south stream was pure evil and was not supposed to exist . 
  we do n't have any big retailer . 
  a lot of french products are available here through carrefour and auchan . 
  if you close the internal border and refuse to cooperate yes it is . 
  but your government is not so crazy to do something so stupid . 
  well if you close the border who should we blame ? 
  it 's not our fault if an exodus is happening . 
  it seems you know nothing of the italian political landscape of the last 80 years . 
  luxembourg is one of the six founding member of the eu . 
  at that time this was not a problem . 
  i do n't know how . 
  we have 3 member of the 28 that will never agree on this . 
  there are tons of italian products with a better quality than the german counterpart . 
  there is a reason if all around the world we are considered a luxury goods export country . 
  i agree with you . 
  http://www.italy24.ilsole24ore.com/art/business-and-economy/2014-10-07/italy-germany-173936.php?uuid=ab4bms0b * `` for italy 's export-led economy , in fact , germany is the biggest export market ( and , in some cases , a bigger market than italy itself ) , with $ 48.4 billion of total sales last year , over 12 % of italy 's total exports . 
  you should just buy more and increase your imports . 
  buy a pair of prada instead of adidas for example . 
  and ? 
  the rule does n't talk about inside or outside the eu . 
  so if a country take debt from china should n't count because it 's outside the eu ? 
  god this storytelling really did an effect . 
  germany is not sendind a single euro to the south . 
  italy is a not a net receiver . 
  east europe is . 
  the fact that 90 % of the germans thinks like this should really make you think about your media system . 
  the rule does n't talk about `` inside '' or `` outside '' the eu . 
  why do you have to write random things based on stereotypes ? 
  italy , the biggest country in the south does n't have a trade deficit since a very long time . 
  in fact , we have a big trade surplus . 
  yeah who care of all the other countries , expecially the one in the south that have to deal with the refugees . 
  just ask the french . 
  also italy/france/austria / belgium transfer billions of money to poland . 
  i do n't think we have a big corporation that take those money back . 
  how about no ? 
  actually italy , the biggest country of the southern states , is by far a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  eastern europe countries are the ones receiving those money . 
  i agree with you overall , but trento right ? 
  trento has a left mayor ( and the press is the same ) since forever . 
  do you know the press of other western europe countries ? 
  tha majority of our export goes to other countries in the eurozone . 
  it 's just because here you always read news about the uk ( because of the language ) and about ee ( because this subreddit is full of people from there ) . 
  we have every single day tons of topic about germany/the uk/estonia . 
  what makes you think this topic should n't be here ? 
  why ? 
  5 years ago itay unemployment rate was 8 % ( same as finland ) . 
  in 2008 it was 5 % ( less than finland ) . 
  stereotypes . 
  i 'm not saying you did nothing . 
  i really do n't know because i never read news about it . 
  is n't r/europe a place where you can get information ? 
  thank you for the reply . 
  the point is that all those ee countries that complain about the refugees crisis are not clear about how much they are willing to do to solve it . 
  they do n't want refugees ? 
  ok . do they want more security on the borders ? 
  yes . 
  are they willing to pay for it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i never hear one of them saying anything about it . 
  do slovakia 's government wants to participate also with their money to secure the border of the eu or they pretend that greece and italy do this alone ? 
  so what is slovakia 's idea to solve the problem ? 
  you are right but you are forgetting that it 's about civil unions and not gay marriage . 
  so they will continue to yell about the apocalypse to stop the evil gay marriage . 
  i 'm pretty sure that everyone in italy would consider finland a western and not an eastern country . 
  there are initiative , you just do n't read about them because they are not from germany/france . 
  they are paying like italy and france per capita . 
  stop this nonsense that germany is paying for everyone . 
  the big problem was during the last 7 years but until the refugees reached germany the problem was not a problem for our dear eu institutions . 
  how can you compare us with poland and not to france ? 
  in every single metric we are ** way ** closer to france then poland . 
  personal wealth , gdp , military and so on . 
  good to know . 
  because france invaded half africa and they speak french . 
  greece did nothing at all . 
  when the unemployment skyrocketed . 
  do you realize calais is 1/10000 of what greece is facing ? 
  yes and what then ? 
  keep them all in greece ? 
  not enough .
