  their economy is based on entirely different things , the language is different ... 
  but i guess they are both south something so they should become a single state / s, 
  paid by who ? 
  big corporations are paying nothing in taxes . 
  and then you look at italy ... 
  it is a media . 
  the 99 % of facebook 's profit comes from media selling , like a private tv . 
  why should the whole world reform their tax system with the opposite of a progression tax system where a rich guy pay less than a poor one ? 
  because they do n't figure as made there . 
  the figure as made in ireland . 
  i buy an advertising on facebook written in italian , targeting only milan and guess what ? 
  it 's made in ireland !, 
  well if your country steal and damage mine it does n't seem to me a bad argument . 
  incapable ? 
  thinking that the richest should pay less than the poorest is what your country do . 
  only a fool or a dishonest human being can think that this is right . 
  so if tomorrow france invades your country and kill half of your people the problem is yours because you did n't create a good defence ? 
  it would have been your job to reform your defence system ? 
  and no one would say anything for that reason . 
  if ireland has one competitive advantage because of the language good for them . 
  the problem is when they start stealing other countries taxes . 
  there is also no reason for large countries to accept forever the status quo . 
  it would work as it worked before . 
  ireland was a country also 50/100/200 / and so on years ago . 
  the irish ? 
  the country that was one the the greatest gainer of the eu ? 
  a country that was never in the human history rich as it is rich now ? 
  let them being outraged . 
  the same is true for the commission thought . 
  their policy are always done with the northern countries in mind . 
  the ecb was a balance during these years . 
  they ca n't even spell the name in the title ... 
  it 's paschi . 
  as you can see in the opening post , thank to eu-turkey agreement . 
  now ? 
  after 6 years this `` newspaper '' wake up and talk about who is grillo ? 
  wow tomorrow an article about who is tsipras and what is syriza ? 
  it 's the british press . 
  so ridicolous . 
  because there is no electoral law . 
  and we are still a net giver in the eu budget . 
  what a madness eh ? 
  these poors italians giving bilions every year to the eu . 
  well , since the birth of italy , the difference from the north and the south only have grown . 
  so yes , we should put an end to that , but we ca n't . 
  they are not . 
  the exit polls says that 80 % of his party voted yes , while 20 % voted no . 
  this one was really an important one . 
  italy is not austria ... 
  why are you talking aobut something you clearly do n't know ? 
  british press forgot to inform you of the dozens of reforms done in the last 4 years ? 
  you obviously know nothing of italian politics . 
  it was the same . 
  the opposition would have made it about him anyway . 
  because it is impossibile . 
  go in milan one week and go in palermo the week next and you will understand . 
  ah the guardian talking about italy . 
  ca n't remember one time their prevision was right ( like all british press ) . 
  maybe because this referendum was decided way before the brexit ? 
  why is this surprising ? 
  if you are from europe it 's not that you look so different than an italian ... 
  what make you think that this referendum was decided after the brexit ? 
  both the referendum and renzi 's statement were done way before brexit . 
  is this a joke ? 
  the italian press is talking about this referendum since 2015 . 
  every day in homepage since august . 
  it 's horrible . 
  like all the articles about italy from this magazine . 
  i ca n't remember a single positive article from this magazine about italy . 
  what they want alwas lead to something they will whine in the next article . 
  in this one they want a technical government ... yeah sure so they can shit on it the next year . 
  i 'm pretty sure that do n't be anymore a net giver would be a good start . 
  we are considered a leecher and still we are the 3rd biggest contributor to the eu budget . 
  it 's insane . 
  it 's an anglo article about a foreign country . 
  99 % of the time they are shit articles . 
  ok , you are right ;d, 
  it seems you are trolling or know only pasta and pizza . 
  there are dozens types of food in every italian region . 
  aestethics is important for us . 
  there are two things for which we are universally considered good : food and fashion . 
  so the richest companies in the world , like google , would pay next to nothing . 
  not so smart imho . 
  it 's full of dictators in this world . 
  i do n't see france and the uk bombing all of them . 
  so if both are pissed what renzi said is just the obvious next step . 
  that help greece . 
  not us . 
  it 's the whole point of the article . 
  renzi is pissed that ee countries refuse any kind of help on the immigration issue while they are more than happy to take italian money . 
  spain is a country with 40 milion people with less influence than a country with 4 . 
  it 's unbelivable . 
  no one in italy think that the euro is the only reason for our stagnation . 
  the 20 years of berlusconi were a disaster . 
  well , after years of being considered a leechers when in reality we are giving every years bilions you start to be tired of this attitude . 
  we participated in every bailout and we are considered greece 2.0, 
  an example of alternative is not bombing libya to the ground and be surprised when migrants start to come from there . 
  how the hell should we be happy to send bilions to east europe when they refuse to do anything and they even complain ? 
  so why half eu need to take money from this failed state ? 
  what are they ?
