totally against . 
  north italy -  france south italy -  spain overall a mix between the two , from france we are both known for fashion , wine , cheese , from spain the way of life , with both a lot of history and the language . 
  it 's 12 % . 
  not 30 % . 
  why ? 
  i prefer him over hollande or rajoy and probably also cameron . 
  i do n't know the others 'cause the media talks only about the big5 here in italy ( but also on reddit ) . 
  le auto blu !, 
  they are not necessarily lamborghini but the concept is right . 
  [ the council of trent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_trent ) and the dolomites, 
  well that 30 % have to choose another side 'cause that 's not going to happen . 
  the point were the government should lower the pension age is completely insane . 
  i do n't think corruption is the only reason . 
  italy is a country full of old people not interested in reforming their lives . 
  they just want to go on . 
  and i do n't agree that you can reach a position of power only if you are corrupted , we have/had a lot of good people in key roles . 
  like what ? 
  o_o berlusconi just wanted to stay out of prison and increase the power of his companies . 
  you are right . 
  sadly it 's just a dream and not going to happen . 
  do you realize that a big state like germany/france/italy just ca n't go at 12.5 % ? 
  and you could n't too without the money of foreign companies . 
  switzerland is not in the eu so it 's different , the irish tax system is disgusting too imho . 
  the problem is that i do n't see any solution , they can just veto whatever try to fix this situation . 
  not a surprise , still disgusting . 
  we ca n't all be a tax heaven or there would be no tax heaven . 
  definitely yes . 
  the uk and germany follow similar economic pholophy ??? 
  since when ? 
  the first one is similar to the us , the second one is just austerity forever and ever . 
  i really do n't get what you mean with the italian case . 
  parmalat was sold to the french . 
  it means no longer see german constitutional court decide if something done by the ecb is ok or not . 
  i have never seen any other court doing what the german one does . 
  it means see the % of the votes of the ecb board . 
  covered a lot , every single day also in mainstream tv . 
  i think it 's around 70 % negative 30 % positive overall but i could be wrong . 
  in italy [ the colosseum ] ( http://newsgo.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/colosseo-notte.jpg ) or [ duomo di milano !, 
  ] ( http://venividivici.us/sites/default/files/duomo-di-milano.jpg ) in europe the tour eiffel, 
  because these questions were done wrong without any doubt . 
  in italy you can hear our unemployment level every single day on the media . 
  probably the question was done in a way that suggested they were talking about young unemployment ( which is around 45 % ) . 
  the other big spread was on the immigration question , it 's probably due to mare nostrum , we hear every single day that thousands of people are saved near lampedusa . 
  just a few years ago your amazing country bombarded libya and guess what , people from libya are escaping their devastated country . 
  asylum seeker \u2260 illegal immigration . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  norway is the richest country in the world ... ... ... 
  i seriously have no idea how can someone do n't know the leader ( for 20 years ) of a g7 country . 
  it 's like do n't knowing who is blair/merkel/mitterand . 
  do americans live in a bubble where only the us are a democratic country ? 
  renzi is strong and is going to last at least a decade imho . 
  and i 'm happy about that . 
  i doubt , north italy is one of the most indrustrialized place in europe and is green . 
  it 's probably the diet . 
  france would be nothing without the eu is bullshit . 
  it 's france not a small country with 0 achievement . 
  it 's one of the major power in nearly every metric in the world . 
   i seriously doubt that . 
  you are wrong . 
  he is right , business in italy continue to repeat that we need more inflation . 
  just 'cause the press is in english . 
  well ... if not him you have berlusconi or grillo . 
  they are real europhobe populists . 
  what do you think ? 
  we have the highest unemployment level in the last 3000 years . 
  it happened a few years after adopting the euro . 
  people do 1 +1 . 
  personally i believe that globalization is the main reason but a lot of people thinks is the euro . 
  sure , steal from the poot for the rich . 
  i will never understand why such disparity between italy and spain . 
  yes it 's wrong , but it 's not $ 30m . 
  if you fire them you have to pay the welfare 'cause sure as hell they are not going to find any jobs there . 
  not a single sentence of this `` article '' is true . 
  anyway yes , in the extreme south a lot of people are employed by the region 'cause all the private jobs are in the north . 
  this article is so full of false informations . 
  nearly every single sentence . 
  unbelievable . 
  just look at / europe . 
  people from the uk are the only one that talk about their domestic parties over and over ignoring every other parties around europe . 
  your media are obsessed about the eu . 
  ye you are right , corruption and nepotism are the problem . 
  they suddently arise in the last 5 years !!!, 
  in fact italy 20 years ago was one of the richest nation on the planet 'cause it was without corruption and nepotism ... 
  look at the united states and repeat your delirium . 
  this was decided months ago when the s&d group imposed this as one condition for the coalition . 
  what else do you want ? 
  they spit on the italian flag , they hate rome , they refuse to sing our national anthem . 
  now they changed a bit and are focusing on immigration , but they sure are not nationalistic . 
  because russia never threatened italy , on the contrary russia and italy are in friendly relations . 
  russia is one of the top 5 export country for italy and vice versa . 
  many italians do n't want to cripple their economy for ukraine . 
  they think : why should we hit our economy ( -17 % export in russia in this year ) for ukraine and the east when they never did anything for us ? 
  did they ever helped italian troops in north africa or the middle east ? 
  were they concerned about the stability of lybia and the resulting huge migratory flow ? 
  italians have fear of isis not of russia . 
  in fact russia would be an amazing ally versus isis . 
  nice comparison . 
  a country with 65 milion people versus a country with 5 milion . 
  compare france with a big country and suddently you will discover they are not so different . 
  you are talking like treaties are forever and ever .
