  do you think something so big wo n't affect at all the government ? 
  this change everything . 
  he decades from the senate . 
  he lost his `` il cavaliere '' title . 
  this is his first definitive conviction ever . 
  after the year under house arrest he wo n't be able to run for prime minister in the next 1-3 ( probably more ) years . 
  ( probably ) the government will fall . 
  not at all . 
  now the pools are : center-left coalition 34 % center-right coalition 35 % 5star moviment 20 % center ( monti ) 8 % other 3 %, 
  impossible . 
  no one from his party can betray him or the publishing empire of b would destroy the traitor ( already happened one time ) . 
  i doubt . 
  'cause we have still huge differences between north and south and sicily ( which is a world apart ) . 
  you can imagine how it was 150 years ago . 
  no , it 's just goerz that is obsessed with crime news . 
  some years ago , not anymore . 
  i 'm sure if a canadian kill a child you ( 35 milion people ) are not all assassin . 
  we threw worse . 
  because one of 60.000.000 is stupid and do something stupid ? 
  wow !, 
  so a british that kill and eat his wife means the u.k is doomed ? 
  these news are just gossip , that not only wo n't stop racism , but they feed it because those who practice it is sure that it will end in all the news and social networks . 
  i do n't understand why such useless information goes on the top of newspaper . 
  there are tons of more important information about italy in this moment and a fool who throws a banana get the top spot on reddit . 
  this is ridicolous . 
   they rarely say anything about people from the south since in the north of italy is full of southern people and umberto bossi is married to a a sicilian woman . 
  they just want to split from a system that is not efficient at all . 
  also i did n't obviously refer to the respect between politicians . 
  but people with no arguments love to misunderstand things . 
  seems you do n't know many `` leghisti '' . 
   sounds like the same thing to me , perhaps augmented by the fact that italians in general suck at foreign languages , sadly . 
  though that is changing , hopefully . 
  we suck at learning languages of german origin , probably as much as nordic countries suck at learning romance languages . 
  yes ofc . 
  berlusconi . 
  and with him also thieves , prostitutes and much more . 
  but this calderoli has no real power now so i think these reactions are a bit overrated . 
  he is not a cabinet minister . 
  he is not even in the government . 
  he is nothing . 
  he decides nothing . 
  why do you have to do drama for nothing ? 
  he is just a stupid senator that said a stupid thing . 
  it 's not fair that only the southern countries have to receive them , it should be handled iwth more equity . 
  should i go read the penal code for a post on reddit ? 
  also this verdict ( ruby ) was really fast . 
  they are going faster than usual for him you are right . 
  still he deserves everything . 
  it 's not enough , he will control his party from outside the parliament . 
  exactly how grillo is doing . 
  it seems to me it is for sentences that are no longer than 4 years . 
  anyway i think with a 7 years sentences there is a chance . 
  it 's gon na take 3-5 years before the 3rd verdict . 
  but ... the third verdict of another trial ( tax fraud ) is going to be this year and probably he will be condamned . 
  i 'm not saying what you said is fake . 
  i said it 's not the main news . 
  he forgot to write that she was immediately expelled and everyone ( northern league too ) condemned what she said . 
  i 'm sure you are watching `` studioaperto '' or `` tg5 '' or `` the mentalist '' something like this because half the things you said ( the last half ) are not what the media are talking about . 
  - the first 5 are ok . - prism and snowden . 
  - christine lagarde 's letter . 
  - the verdict of berlusconi 's rubygate scheduled for next week ( tomorrow afternoon ) . 
  - matteo renzi ( mayor of florence and future leader of the center-left ) everywhere . 
  - gay pride ( for the first time a president of the chamber of deputies went there ) . 
  they are just americans . 
  they do n't even know these countries exist . 
  no other explanations . 
  after the 1 $ -1 $ conversion rate i do n't know what to say . 
  il corriere della sera is a conservative newspaper , but it 's not pro-berlusconi . 
  i would say it 's just `` center '' . 
  monti would be the perfect premier for il corriere . 
  the worst newspapers in italy are : - avvenire , catholic crap - il giornale , a newspaper owned by berlusconi - il fatto quotidiano , a biased newspaper that look at 5star moviment ( probably the majority of italian redditor wo n't agree with me on this ) . 
  agree on the children 's adoption . 
  i 'm not so sure about the marriage , every poll indicates that the majority of italians are in favor of it so probably when matteo renzi ( or another from pd ) will be premier we will have civil unions , and in the next round gay marriage . 
  nowhere in europe there is a 32 % vat . 
  they are treating europe like a cash cow , nothing else . 
  you can see mcd here http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/big_mac_index_50usd_2columns.png and about technology also appstore do n't do this stupid 1 $ -1 $ conversion . 
  i ` de be curious too see what would happen if the conversio rate would be 1 $ -  1.3 $ ( the opposite ) . 
  i do n't see this trend for any other products ( food/fashion/music etc ), 
  bigger ? 
  i doubt , more homogeneous ? 
  probably . 
  still i do n't see mcdonald do a 1 $ - 1 $ conversion at all . 
  he is an arrogant clown . 
  and they received that money from all the other eu countries too . 
  where ? 
  in europe you are right , in the world you are not . 
  christianity is rising in latin america and africa, 
  no more than spain or france . 
  the sad truth is that the vatican has a strong influence . 
  no , it 's the vatican . 
  the majority of the italian population is in favour of some lgbt rights , it is really the vatican . 
  italian culture is an occidental culture , you ca n't compare it with countries of the balkans . 
  you should compare it with france/germany/spain etc, 
  i did n't think he is a martyr . 
  i think he would be perceived as a martyr by the italian public opinion . 
  i really do n't think this is a good idea . 
  it would make him a martyr . 
  he must lose politically , not with a technicality of 1957 . 
  everyone who want a change . 
  a country that relies on a ninety has a problem .
