  it has to increase imports , not reduce exports . 
  buying a prada shoes instead of adidas or a ferrari instead of a bmw is lowering your living standards ? 
  that 's a big statement . 
  it was like that 10 years ago , not anymore . 
   most of the eu countries have great educational systems and almost everyone can communicate in english in what world ? 
  all the stats provided by eurostat do n't agree with this statement . 
  i 'm not an expert , considering that italy is a manifacturing country i think industrial machinery and luxury fashion and food products . 
  the fact that gas is not covered in the sanctions while food is , it means something to me . 
  who decided it ? 
  why ? 
  government ? 
  all our parties are anti-sanctions . 
  not a single one is in favor of them . 
  it would be just democratic to oppose to them when the population of your country is against it . 
  explain to me what benefits arrived to any country in the south of this union with this whole story ( energy , russia and so on ) . 
  i ca n't understand why south stream was the evil and north stream is good and necessary . 
  for the same reason people in the uk did n't vote in the last elections . 
  a lot of people just do n't care . 
  it 's what we are doing . 
  what makes you thing that 's not the case ? 
  it 's the italians that are not happy . 
  it 's better the status quo for us then register all of them and receive a big fuck you at the quota system the year next . 
  good for you . 
  the majority of italians do n't . 
  why ? 
  we know there are extremely high chances that is not going to be extended . 
  not a single country in the eastern part of this union want to extend it . 
  do you want that we store their fingerprints so they can no longer apply for asylum in another country and have to stay in italy because we are the first safe country on their route ? 
  so let 's keep all refugees in greece and italy ? 
  would you prefer to beg without a roof over your head for the whole day or get a real job in eastern europe ? 
  what would you prefer ? 
  i think you prefer the second one . 
  why do you think they would choose different ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of the refugees prefer to live legally in estonia or poland than go in germany illegaly where you ca n't apply for a job , you ca n't rent a home , you can only steal and when they catch you they send you back to your assigned country ( in this case estonia or poland ) . 
  stop with this bullshit that they would run away from any ee country to live illegaly in the west . 
  ee is poor , not a warzone . 
  i do n't know why they downvote you . 
  that 's exactly the reason . 
  it 's the vatican , not italy . 
  yes , but they always are i think . 
  few info about it http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/jubilee-2015-pope-francis-announces-extraordinary-holy-year-mercy-sinners-1491862, 
  it 's because last week started the jubilee . 
  a event that was supposed ( and probably will ) attract to rome milions of pilgrims . 
  the fact that there was not a single topic about it in this sub is crazy . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  still i do n't think that the fact that italy is not the biggest loser is a reason to shut up . 
  as you can see in the article ( did you read it ? ), 
  italy is the second largest exporting country in russia in absolute term , after germany . 
  and ? 
  why the hell do you think a country like italy , for example , would join such thing ? 
  give a benefit to the stronger ( and put at the same level all the others even if they are extremely different by the same metrics you used to create the core group ) . 
  for every news about italy/spain/portugal there are 10 about scandinavia + baltics . 
  it seems to me that also in absolute numbers you are more . 
  ofc in the long run germany is going to pay a lot more . 
  still saying that for italy this is nothing because they want to go in the north is not true . 
  anyway the mediterranean route is no longer the biggest one just because it 's winter . 
  crossing the mediterranean in winter is harder . 
  another poor country that pretend to receive money every year ? 
  no thx, 
  germany , the country famous all around the world for their foodstuff . 
  not possible under the current international and eu law . 
  let 's switch . 
  we give you the amount of money you gave to the unhcr and you keep them . 
  so why are they so eager to keep these sanctions ? 
  is n't morally bankrupt refuse any cooperation in the management of the refugees ? 
  and how can be considered a show of weakness go against the majority of the eu countries ? 
  so the anglosphere thinks that south europe should be the only one spending billions of euros for save and feed the refugees ? 
  easy , 
  to your country for example . 
  they are ? 
  for how many ? 
  because if the amount of refugees coming in italy and greece is 1000 and you agree that 5 of them should be allocated using quota it 's not a real quota system . 
  it 's a joke . 
  do you know the amount of money you need to spend to save and feed them before they can travel north ? 
  it seems you do n't consider this at all . 
  it does n't seem to me that your country has proposed any realistic solution about that . 
  if the solution was `` reject all of them '' it does n't seem to me that your country wanted to participate in the funds for the execution of this `` solution '' . 
  fuck italy and greece it 's their problem !, 
  why should this be considered my fault ? 
  why should we help them ? 
  north africa is so far away !, 
  ( even if the ukraine-italy distance is more or less the same ) . 
  and so on . 
  i do n't get what 's your point . 
  it was a photo of 10 years ago . 
  yes berlusconi was , and still is , a friend of putin . 
  we changed 3 prime minister since berlusconi . 
  did you miss it ? 
  for a german speaker maybe ... you know , they are both germanic languages . 
  do you want to pay the money it requires to save them , feed them until they can move in the north and so on ? 
  i think it ca n't go back further . 
  the roman senate was the first one . 
   i do n't know where to buy clothes and shoes that arent made in some sweatshops and the people working there are making a few cents an hour ? 
  leather shoes are mainly made in italy . 
  what you say is true but there are also a lot of `` made in italy '' that is made in italy . 
  unfortunately it 's in my mind since that campaign and i 'm pretty sure it is going to remain there forever ... 
  in what way ? 
  1 should i really start ? 
  2 for the greater good, 
  no , it ca n't .
