  why should they walk away from spain 's debt ? 
  they will take part of that debt based on population or gdp ( or a mixture of both ) . 
  you should do a demonstration in washington and ask for a change of international treaties if you do n't like this . 
  do n't you realize that someone prefer to have a not so competitive economy than to start a race to the bottom with a gigantic spread between rich and poors ? 
   it 's not western europe . 
  it 's germany and sweden ** and italy **, 
  and then after your coscienza is clear ? 
  help in what way ? 
  'cause my country is asking for help about this situation since 2011 . 
  they do n't have any view . 
  they are just selfish . 
   raffaella carr\u00e0 everyone in italy knows her , she was really populay . 
  last year she was a judge on the voice of italy . 
  why should our wealth be caused by our location ? 
  how can this be possible ? 
  the pope is in favor of helping the refugees and orban would like to remove them from the planet . 
  no representative at all . 
  when you realize that there are more people here from a country of 5 milion people ( denmark ) than a country of 60 milion ( france or italy ) you get why this sub ca n't be representative of europe . 
  yes ... now !, 
  after years we were asking for a common solution, 
  yes so ? 
  still we are spendind way more than the uk for problems connected to wars in which italy is not more responsible than the uk . 
  we rescue 15000 every week . 
  i asked you to do a real exchange . 
  all our refugees for all your aid !, 
  til in this subreddit the common opinion is that the eu is a perfect utopia . 
  let 's do an exchange . 
  we give more money and you start saving/feeding and keep the refugees ? 
  the fact that your country was one of the main sponsor of what happened both in syria and libya does n't matter ? 
   we are taking a fair number . 
  sure / s, 
  i do n't hear them saying : we should increase frontex budget and start putting more money into protecting external eu border . 
  instead i hear a lot of times `` it 's not my problem '' . 
  so why were you the main sponsor for those sanctions ? 
  where there is chaos there are new possibities . 
  anyway if you really believe that the reason was to free the poor libyan cotizen why do n't the uk intervenes in eritrea ? 
  just to inform you . 
  in eritrea happen the same thing . 
  why do n't your country go free the oppressed people of eritrea ? 
  ah right there is no oil there . 
  in what world ? 
  lol, 
  the uk bombed to the ground libya and other countries . 
  germany did not . 
  it 's the famous ultra-arci-super pro russia girl we must be against even if she is right !, 
  no , they were a product of christianity . 
  willingly or because pushed to do it ? 
  they asked to all eu countries to agree on sanctions . 
  they totale freaked out when mogherini was appointed as high representative 'cause it seems for them eu foreign policies must be only about russia and so on . 
  are n't 2000 years of history enough ? 
  i so hope estonia will recive a big `` it 's not my problem '' the next time they are going to ask for help . 
  ofc not . 
  the us have that power . 
  still you ca n't day that you are sharing a burden when you were the main sponsor . 
  is this some kind of joke ? 
  the baltics were the one pushing for those sanctions and asked us to agree on them !, 
  not surprised at all . 
  if it is about russia the eu 's border is a common problem . 
  if it is about immigration suddenly is not . 
  pathetic . 
  i would trade back geddafi lybia with what there is now there without any doubt . 
  why ? 
  it was not born for what you think it should be . 
  in the refugees issue ? 
  i do n't know in greece , but in italy 60 + years old are a big chunk of the population . 
  3rd country in the world by median age 'cause high life expectancy and low birth rate . 
  old people usually use less internet all around the world . 
  plus south italy . 
  it destroys all national chart about italy . 
  we have higher unemployment and we are dealing with this even if they do n't want to stay in italy but go to germany . 
  ofc you have emotions when you are running a country . 
  just look the most powerful country in the world . 
  the united stats politics is full of emotions . 
  so why those countries refuse to accept them ? 
  if , as you are saying , they do n't want to stay there what is the problem ? 
  just accept them . 
  you have to put cdu voters before general public . 
   you 're welcome to add your own sources if you think they 're better . 
  i 'm not going to defend the telegraph , but it seems i 'm the only one who has put some sources on the table . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union the four largest net contributors in absolute terms are germany , france , italy , uk the four largest net contributors in per capita terms are denmark , finland , germany , italy . 
  ah the telegraph . 
  but even if you are right , what male you think that the money would go to the 4th net contributor instead of all the east europe countries ? 
  there are something like 15 net receivers currently . 
  it seems obvious that they would the one happy from more fiscal tranfers . 
  do you know that italy as a whole is the 3rd net contributor of the eu ? 
  so what makes you think we are suddently going to receie more ? 
  just random spam ? 
  the actual money tranfer is from west to east . 
  what makes you think this is going to change ? 
  ah asylum applications !, 
  let 's do an exchange : we get your asylum applications and you get to pay for the rescue and the feeding of the 180 000 refugees that entered italy since the beginning of this year . 
  not really . 
  should this be my turn to tell you all te countries that have less ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  all the countries that did nothing at all . 
  it seems do nothing and yell at others is the way to go for this retarded court . 
  if you are surprised it means you are really ignorant and should have studied more . 
  today you will learn that the pope , the head of the biggest religion in the world , live in the vatican , a country inside rome . 
  this pope has a lot of inluence and his religion is against gay marriage so it should not be a surprise that italy does n't have sex marriage . 
  in fact it does n't even have civil unions .
