  and bring them to the moon ? 
  you are so naive . 
  but their pension was reduced . 
  neither of the 2 . 
  it 's because there are more old people combined with low birth . 
  so the idea of cnn is that italy has to take them all ? 
  amazing . 
  the fact that this nonsense is upvoted while what thesecretsalmon is saying ( un refugee convention ) is downvoted explain everything . 
  ok we are to blame as much as uk and france . 
  so we share the ok ? 
  ~ ~ maybe ~ ~ you do n't get it . 
  there are international treaties that we must follow or we get sanctioned . 
  you have business `` tourism '' . 
  few centuries ?? 
  the overpopoluation boom happened in the last 60 years . 
  we did n't receive any financial aid during the crisis ( we contributed to them ) and we are a net contributor to the eu budget since forever even if we are considered a greece 2.0 here . 
  gay marriage ? 
  i do n't know and it 's not the point . 
  what we need now are civil partnership . 
  not a single country in the world passed from nothing to marriage . 
  unfortunatly we are going to do it one step at a time . 
  renzi is in favor of doing them , but he does n't have a majority . 
  if i should bet i would go : civil partnership 1-2 years , marriage 10 years . 
  unfortunatly ireland does n't have the vatican inside . 
  it is n't our burden also russia threating eastern europe . 
  it is n't our burden greece 's financial problem . 
  and so on . 
  if you start being so selfish everyone will . 
  ah is for that reason that every single year we are a net contributor , even more than the uk . 
  go study kid . 
  i 'm talking about a common structural answer . 
  and absolute numbers means nothing or germany would be on top of everything being the largest member state . 
  why ? 
  we did n't receive any bailout . 
  ireland did . 
  so your economy is based only on foreign companies ? 
  nice economy, 
  i do n't know . . let 's see . 
  cost of labour , cost of land , bureaucracy , corruption , human talents , infrastructure . 
  do you need more ? 
  how can we lowering them below 1 % lol ? 
  and why the hell is it ok for anyone that a multinational giant pay 1 % when a local family have to pay 10 or 20 times that amount . 
  well , downvote me as much as you want , the truth remain what i wrote : northern and eastern europe countries , except sweden , do n't care at all about this problem . 
  and i really hope renzi answer with a big `` i do n't care '' the next time they ask us to enforce any kind of sanctions on russia . 
  yes , you there in sweden . 
  all your neighbour do n't care at all . 
  and you can see this when they block everything . 
  and no , you have more asylum seeker , you do n't have illegam immigration . 
  you ca n't expect that your neighboring countries do nothing while your national government decide to steal from them . 
  you want to tax 1 % your local company ? 
  ok . you want to tax 1 % a german company that in the last 100 years paid the taxes in germany ? 
  it 's a steal , even if legal . 
  i really do n't believe amazon/apple/google / yahoo or any other big company pay 12.5 % . 
  it seems the uk has to do with everything in this subreddit . 
  there are more stuff about that single country than the other 27 together . 
  you got no idea what spain did in the last 2 years right ? 
  oh my god another 2 years of 10000 topics all the same every single week about this country . 
  decide what the hell you wan na do . 
  just give us that money if you want a counterbalance : x, 
   he italian song was the best and the only reason sweden won is because the guy was `` hot '' and 13 year old girls voted for him en masse . 
  and italy was singing in their own language , arriving third . 
  not really . 
  italy arrived 1 in televoting . 
  the juries made sweden won . 
  san marino 's 12 point to latvia was n't a surprise for you ? 
  block voting . 
  would have been funny to see, 
  did you understand what il volo was singing ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it was good . 
  top 10 at least . 
  and i am a bit sad that we never give spain a lot when they always gives us 12 ... 
  and malta !, 
  yes sure italy is a thief and steal so much money from the eu ... except italy is a net contributor . 
  it 's never to late to study : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union, 
  yes sure , their country is in a civil war , isis is inside the country but everything is fine for them . 
  the same things happen in at least other 20 countries . 
  they are from syria but they come here from libya . 
  if libya would be ok they would never reach italy . 
  you are right , we can not know what would have happened without the `` western '' intervention . 
  but say that the uk has no responsibility in it and that the refugees should remain in the first country they arrive ( like cameron said last week ) is hypocrite . 
  so the reason they can get on boat is because libya in in chaos . 
  and why is it in chaos ? 
  because uk and france wanted a war there . 
  it was not renzi but the government before . 
  he should have cooperated with europe ? 
  europe never had any kind of solution about this what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and you are talking about a policy started by renzi on which eu did n't agree ... which policy ? 
  not really , we were the country with the highest number of assets in the region . 
  but this is not the point . 
  never italy , nor spain or france or the uk or belgium and so on . 
  in his argument i do n't see any remind of the libya war started by france . 
  so easy . 
  so when it 's about russia you ask for help and you want that western europe agree on sanctions that are damaging us even if we were never opressed by russia ... but if it is the other way around you answer with a big `` i do n't care '' ? 
  the day when people will learn the difference between an asylum seeker and an illegal immigrant will be a good day . 
  gaddafi was a dictator but also an interlocutor . 
  now we have crazy isis and other dictators but no one to talk to . 
  i would change the current situation with gaddafi in any moment . 
  if you think it was right to intervene ( i get it , probably i was in favor too at that time ) why not do it now ? 
  it was ** two years ago ** that your government bombarded libya .
