  yeah if you are an italian you should only eat and play football . 
  not a single genius was born in this place in the last 2k years . 
  they were all from glorious germany . 
  i will never understand why such articles have so much readers . 
  is it just because they are written in english ? 
  every single data is wrong . 
  unemployment rate it 's not over 20 % . 
  it 's 11 % in italy ( for comparison it 's 10 % in france ) . 
  they should just talk about brexit and the queen , they know nothing of other countries . 
  as long as we get sanctioned for take them back to africa sure we will not do it . 
  so everything will be controlled by 1-2 companies ? 
  no thx, 
  in what poll is it third ? 
  it 's second in every poll ( unfortunatly ) . 
  i do n't know how they are spent . 
  i just know that my country has to pay every single year billions of $ for those cohesion funds even if you spend them on vanity projects . 
  i understand the sarcasm , but why are they not my money lol ? 
  italy is the 4th net contributor in the eu , poland is the 1st receiver . 
  so we should remove the billions your country receive every single year ? 
  because wages are lower for example . 
  well . . last year italy was first in people vote and third overall . 
  because it 's not at sanremo level and never will be . 
  eurovision capture around 10-15 % of the tv audience share while sanremo probably more than 50 % . 
  sanremo is our super bowl . 
  it 's on rai uno in prime time ... 
  jury votes has even more block voting than popular votes . 
  just look last year . 
  totally agree . 
  yes we know that we live in a capitalistic society . 
  at any other time in history your country would be conquered by one of his neighbors , tired of being damaged by such policies . 
  because we have half country at eastern europe level , so by definition with potential to growth . 
  last year italy arrived first in people vote with a song entirely in italian . 
  last year italy won by a huge margin the people votes . 
  it was the juries that made sweden win . 
  i think he is talking about the eurovision song contest . 
  no one is asking germany to sell less products . 
  they should buy more . 
  how could you stop it ? 
  if you are thinking about ecb 's policies you would just move the problem to other countries . 
  is your country willing to pay the fines for this ? 
  because we already tried and we get sanctioned . 
  yeah sure the country with the longest coast in the whole eu should block all his navy . 
  italy is never going to collect those info under dublin ii . 
  if other countries want this they have to agree to change dublin treaty . 
  did italy cause the mess in libya ? 
  the second one . 
  people here talks about italy without reading anything from italy . 
  so we should keep them all ? 
  no thank you . 
  if we send them back to libya we have to pay fines . 
  if we send them to the north it 's not good either . 
  sorry but we can not keep all of them . 
  no we were not in a mess . 
  debt to gdp was lower . 
  unemployment was way lower ( even lower than eu average ) . 
  purchasing power was higher . 
  and so on . 
  there was not hyperinflation either . 
  it was between 5 - 10 %, 
  i do n't understand if you are joking or not . 
  we are the only country in the whole eu that did n't grow since joining the eurozone . 
  since the birth of the eu . 
  anyway you are partially right . 
  this year the uk contributed more than italy as you can see here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union other years italy gave more than the uk . 
  anyway that 's not the point . 
  the point is that you are comparing greece to italy when the first received money from everyone , while the second did not . 
  indeed it 's a net contributor every year . 
  til that the 3rd ** net ** contributor to the eu budged is a debtor nation . 
  it is if you like to stay dirty . 
  we have even lower birth rate than germany . 
  no it does not . 
  it 's just that often when people talks about those kind of barriers they think of france or germany ( for some sectors ) when in reality the us have a lot of them too . 
  do you know that also america is full of those barriers ? 
  those people are all dead . 
  the italians that live there are born there . 
  by your point of view all swiss are immigrants because italians / french / germans moved there and the cantons should go back to those countries . 
  if you say so ... 
  so why should italian speakers live in austria ? 
  it 's still a bailout . 
  taxes paid : 0, 
  you are not taking money only from germany . 
  also from italy for example and i do n't really think that the polish market is so important for italian companies . 
  the only auto-deprecating comment is obviously from an italian . 
  it 's so boring . 
  no but if you wan na pay the fines we have found a solution . 
  your recovery had nothing to do with austerity but a lot with being a tax haven . 
  yeah sure only germans have greece money . 
  guess what , all eurozone paid for greece based on the population and france is the second one in the group . 
  nationalism . 
  it allows to justify everything . 
  just shut up . 
  you country spends nothing in defence because there is the eu and takes billions of money from the same countries through being a tax heaven . 
  or do you think it is just a coincidence the fact that your country is so rich now when historically it was not ? 
  i have no idea why so much people are sure about wrong facts . 
  italy , the biggest southern country , has a surplus in trading and has always been a country with more export than import . 
  this storytelling than the south is a crazy girlfriend using the mastercard of the boyfriend in the north is really boring . 
  you could not enter if you did n't like the fact than this is also a political project . 
  the amount of money paid by the uk over the last 30 years is less than what italy paid . 
  the reason for the good deal must be another one . 
  greece and italy have nothing in common .
