  what luxembourg is doing would have been a reason for war in any other moment before the birth of the eu . 
  it 's a legal steal . 
  something that a big or medium country just ca n't solve if not doing an embargo ( and it 's not possible inside the eu ) . 
  the second one, 
  yes sure . 
  i forgot how in this sub people think poland is a superpower even if by any metric , including army , is a third of italy and half of spain . 
  was n't it already obvious ? 
  there are more users from sweden ( 10milion people ) than italy and spain ( 100 milion people ) combined . 
  add that all the russians and half of the leftish left because this subreddit is not inclusive at all . 
  how can he abolish the senate in 1 year when to do that you need at least 2/3 years ? 
  what about give him the time ? 
  at the end of the legislatura you can say he failed to reform the senate . 
  not now . 
  it does n't seems to me the eu is addressing the refugees together as a single voice . 
  i do n't get why countries like italy or spain should help ee countries when the other way around never happen . 
  too easy pretend a single voice from the eu for one thing while doing everything to divide the eu for another, 
  so everything above 0.1 % is not fair ? 
  how can france change it ? 
  explain to me how . 
  you just veto every kind of reform . 
  should france declare war to luxembourg , ireland and the netherlands ? 
  can you explain what the hell did ee have ever done to pretend help all the time ? 
  this storytelling of a selfish west and a good east is ridiculous . 
  exactly . 
  but the pov of ireland or portugal ( or italy ) are never took into account . 
  when we talk about this is always poland or the baltic pov ( or the franco-german duo ) . 
  still they are damaging isis . 
  i belive isis is the main enemy for my country . 
  your suggestion is to go against the only country acting just for ukraine ? 
  why ? 
  let 's see how many downvote will this post reach for expressing an opinion . 
  if it was n't for russia , isis would control the whole syria . 
  russia is the only one ( together with france ) doing something versus isis . 
  i really do n't care if russia is bad . 
  it is 100 times better than isis . 
  should we fuck up with the only country willing to do something just to please ee countries ( when they do nothing at all to fight isis or anything that it 's not in they backyard ) ? 
  italy is the 3rd or 4th ( some years is the 3rd and other years is the 4th ) net contributors to the eu budget ... still we ca n't break them so easily . 
  not that i 'm saying that is wrong to allow france this , but the reason is not that one . 
  it 's about power . 
  because they pay nothing, 
  since when is ukraine your cereal ? 
  it is not in the eu . 
  your young would be enthusiastic and willing to migrate anyway . 
  you are right . 
  still i do n't see why i have to see them as an enemy when we have always been in good ( economic ) relation . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  is is 100 times worse than russia an i 'm pretty sure every italian agree with this . 
  in fact every single party ( we have more or less 7 ) is saying that we should ally with russia and cooperate with them versus is . 
  i ca n't remember a single time in the whole history when russia did any harm to italy . 
  same for france . 
  assad is a criminal , but he is not threatening us . 
  like libya ? 
  well , since poland joined the eu , poland has grown like never before in the last 2000 years . 
  probably a coincidence . 
  the fact that you elected a eurosceptic party when poland is the country that has benefited most of all being part of the eu is not something to be so proud . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  5 star moviment is both extremely eurosceptic and extremely green . 
  so ignore the problem and say : not our business ? 
  great, 
  so all in italy ? 
  well , it seems to me more important the average of the last 6 years than the number of a single year . 
  the european budget is allocated over 7 years so it 's a bit useless check the numbers of only one of the 7 years . 
  it seems wikipedia does n't agree with the telegraph https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union total contributions : uk 77,655 italy 98,475 net contributions : uk 4,872 italy 4,356, 
  uk is a net contributor per capita as much as italy . 
  i do n't see italy pretend special rules . 
  no they are not . 
  if 95 % of the production is done in poland and the last 5 % is done in belgium you can write `` made in belgium '' . 
  for other products : http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/english-version/2015-04-30/europe-should-not-mess-up-the-made-in-label-071518.shtml?uuid=ab8eqjyd, 
  a decent mix of views means also from different angles . 
  not always from the uk view . 
  the eu is doing this not only to the uk , but to every country . 
  take italy for example . 
  it 's years we are fighting for a law that oblige the presence of the place of origin on the labes of food products . 
  this would end all the fake `` made in italy '' products you can find on your supermarket , the one with the packaging that reminds of italy even if they are produced in sweden . 
  and guess what ? 
  this is not going to happen because the majority of eu countries would lose from this . 
  doing something better than the others is not enough for us . 
  i 'm sure every country has something similar . 
  maybe `` the people '' should start reading something that comes from a different country . 
  so why should the eu allow something that benefit only one country over the other 27 ? 
  just last week there was a post here with the best quality of life index . 
  italy was # 2 . 
  and guess what , the comments were not `` it 's something to be expected '' . 
  your media is always ready to publish things when they make the brithis look good , not the other way around . 
  take a look at this topic of 2 days ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ryeyn/map_of_risk_of_poverty_and_social_exclusion_in/ not a single comment from a british redditor . 
  i have also the feeling this was not in the homepage of `` the independent '' . 
  not even the french are so self obsessed . 
  it 's really embarrassing reading this newspapers . 
  not a surprise that many british believe the uk is the center of the world . 
  thank you . 
  do you think that if the uk vote to stay in the eu this endless story will finish or nothing will change and this topic will continue to be mainstream ? 
  ok but why ? 
  if it is something so important why wait so much ? 
  so do this referendum . 
  it 's years this story goes on . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  seriously what is the excuse your government is using for procrastinate this referendum ? 
  just a few of them . 
  everyone knows that renzi was the most popular guy at that moment . 
  less than one year ago , at the european parliament election his party , led by him , took 42 % of the votes .
