  we retire at 67 . 
  i doubt that william knows this but we are going to be lazy anyway for him . 
  we are paying more than the uk since forever . 
  do n't know why . 
  i just know we have bad pr since everyone here thinks we are a receiver . 
  why the hell ? 
  he is the president of the european council . 
  his job is about the whole eu . 
  on the international stage yes , inside the eu not at all . 
  it seems to me `` the eu '' does n't want to give debt relief no matter what , with or without cuts . 
  he is too old . 
  our prisons are full of people so we have a law that prevent really old people to go in prison ( except mafia stuff i think ) . 
  lol, 
  yes , that criminal . 
  probably the worst president we ever had . 
  it is . 
  i would take berlusconi over grillo ( 25 % according to the polls ) or salvini ( 15 % ) anytime . 
  about the gdp . . if he lives in the south the gdp is the same of greece . 
  probably because of the popularity of english . 
  yes i 'm pretty sure a job at prada or ferrari is safe no matter what . 
  you know right that italy did n't receive any bailout and is a creditor ? 
  yes it is the point . 
  the amount of refugees in calais is marginal but is receiving a lot of attention only 'cause it 's about the uk and so the english media are pushing this . 
  italy , like france , is a south europe country . 
  same here . 
  he is saying this only since 4 years ago . 
  'cause a lot of italians do n't realize that we put around the same amount of money of germany per capita . 
  the storytelling is that germany is the only one who have credits . 
  unfortunatly it 's not only in italy that this storytelling is going on . 
  i really do n't get why people downvote you . 
  seems people really do n't get what up/downvote means . 
  anyway that `` everyone '' is a bit extreme . 
  let 's say 70-30 . 
  compared to uk/france/spain it is really not . 
  a bureaucrat extremely boring . 
  do you know right that since the birth of the eu the transfers go from west to east and not north to south ? 
  who was the runner up ? 
  draghi or juncker ? 
  so where should we place them ? 
  with what money ? 
  we send them in madagascar ? 
  this is your carefully thought idea ? 
   i mean i am from poland , my country was never a colonial empire , we did no harm to africans and we have no moral obligation to help them . 
  why should we pay for them now ? 
  i am from italy , my country never had any conflict with russia , my country has never been helped by any eastern europe country so we have no moral obligation to help them . 
  why should we sanctions russia and lose tons of money/jobs ? 
  the asnwer to both of these questions is : we joined the eu so we could be part of a larger entity , if one of his component is threatened by an external threat all the countries should help it or what 's the whole point of an union ? 
  and it 's not even french . 
  aahahah yes so reasonable . 
  thank you !, 
  this explain a lot and i think you are right . 
  mafia is a big problem in italy , no doubt , but it would n't affect a tourist or a retired man in any way . 
  it 's not that they are going to kidnap or threat a british . 
  i also doubt the cost of living in andalusia is lower than the one in puglia/sicily . 
  south italy is poor . 
  when you see a gdp/ppp per capita map of italy you should think '' +40 % in the north , -40 % in the south '' . 
  the third reason seems a good one . 
  i never understood why you guys like go there and not in south italy in retirement . 
  the weather and the sea is just the same . 
  we are the only country that did n't put himself `` most compassionate '' too . 
  it seems we are the most objective . 
  without an industry . 
  we are the country with the highest consumption of television ( thank mister b ) . 
  the reason is that italy was unified only 150 years ago . 
  we had a huge history of little realms with different cultures . 
  take for example the republic of venice , it lasted for centuries . 
  this does n't go away in 40 years of tv . 
  we have corsica back !, 
  no or we would have already done that . 
  no we are not talking about 40k . 
  40k were just the start . 
  more than 70k already arrived here from libya and the summer has just begun . 
  well , if those were the numbers you are right . 
  the point is that it really does n't seem that your country wants to accept the number proportionally with the rest . 
  it seems your country just does n't want even one of them . 
  ok but i think you agree with me that the eu as a whole has more power to change these conventions than italy alone . 
  i would like the eu start paying for the centers where we have to keep them , bureaucracy/rescue/health costs . 
  i would like that the eu decide if we can send them away ( we ca n't now ) or if not i would like the eu provide a common solution ( quota ) . 
  i would like renzi to veto sanctions on russia , not because i believe they are wrong but because it seems the only `` weapon '' we have . 
  eastern europe countries are blocking any solution 'cause they belive it 's not their problem . 
  well , too easy pretend the others help you and then never help others . 
  it 's around 70-30 for the civil unions . 
  60-40 gay marriage . 
  40-60 adoption . 
  are people from the italian speaking part less in favor than the one from the french or german part ? 
  or do you think is the same ? 
  is eritrea a country where the boats can start their journey ? 
  spain does n't have any burden . 
  france & the uk did n't bomb marocco . 
  how can we change the law if half european countries veto it 'cause they prefer the status quo ? 
  do you have another brilliant comment ? 
  is it really so hard to understand that , by international law , we ca n't ? 
  i know . 
  but if nothing will come from the eu he will have to decide between play hardball or no longer being the prime minister of italy . 
  well after yesterday i just hope renzi will remove sanctions on russia . 
  unbelivable the level of selfishness from them . 
  ahahah yes i wan na see they closing the border with the third economy in the schengen area . 
  we do n't like also destroy our export with russia , still we did it . 
  it 's not that you do only what you like in this world . 
  i think only the second one but i could be wrong .
