  enjoy . 
  yeah we are a 3rd world country right . 
  why should we do our `` duty '' ? 
  if we do we should keep all the refugees . 
  why the hell should we ? 
  just to inform you , we have dikes . 
  ever heard of venice ? 
  no i do n't . 
  i see them as cherry picking . 
  i still remember when a few western europe were skeptical about applying sanctions on russia what were your arguments . 
  sadly the exact same arguments are no longer used . 
  for the same reason we paid to protect their border from russia . 
  and i 'm also really curious to know how greece 's immigration trouble are 100 % self inflicted . 
  the baltics ? 
  the baltics until now are only gaining from the eu . 
  every single year . 
  i really do n't get why you should pick what you like and refuse what you do n't . 
  no , you have no idea of what you are talking about . 
  the majority of partito democratico , his party , agree with him . 
  the majority of the total italian population do n't agree with him . 
  not really , i would like that poland and the baltics would do more sure not a country like bulgaria . 
  ok so why do you think the eu should support only one of these 2 issue ? 
   unlike southern europe , we did n't get billions in free money . 
  what free money ( billions ? ), 
  did italy receive ? 
   c ) it 's not our business . 
  they are n't coming to eastern europe for help , nor did eastern europe cause or contribute to their plight . 
  why not ask south korea for help since they 're about as involved in this as we are why not ask south korea resources to defend yourself from russia ? 
  they are more involved ( they are neighbour ) than portugal with russia . 
  it 's not portugal business the conflict between russia and x. 
  is ukraine in western europe ? 
  since when ? 
  it 's not even in the eu . 
  i doubt . 
  but if you are right , what 's the problem in accepting quota from eastern europe ? 
  as you said , the refugees are going to run away . 
  did greece bombed libia or armed syrian opposition ? 
  following your argument all we should have just ignored all of you since we had no problem at all with russia . 
  double standard . 
  yes you can . 
  if they are allocated to a country they will receive documents that allow them only to work in that country . 
  do you think a refugee prefer to stay legally in poland or illegally in france ? 
  the majority of the people who vote his party agree with him . 
  also the fact that frontex is in poland is absurd really . 
  yes it makes sense . 
  unfortunately is not the position of the majority . 
  tell me one time my country received help ( for your information italy is asking for help since 2011 about the immigration issue ) . 
  i do . 
  but since we are asking for help since 2011 and nothing has been done i do n't see why we have all the time to help others while no one help us . 
  especially ? 
  i would go with exclusively . 
  but we are not . 
  so i do n't get why a country that already is a net receiver every single year should receive even more . 
  i would not . 
  so lol ? 
  what the hell public debt has to do with your country asking money everytime from the eu even if it is already a net receiver ? 
  you have low debt ? 
  amazing , so use your money . 
  good luck . 
  i 'm not mad with northern europe . 
  i 'm mad with eastern europe , they are so quick to ask for help when they need it , but the other way around ? 
  no thx it 's none of my business . 
  pathetic . 
  just do n't ask eu money for it . 
  do you know right that a lot of clothes can be fake ? 
  a 10 $ prada bag is not `` real '' . 
  was / s really necessary ?? 
  ofc it was france , that was the point of my comment . 
  yeah it was italy the country that decide to `` fix '' libya and bombed it to the ground . 
  and guess from what country they departure to reach italy ? 
  the spread was even higher 10-20 years ago . 
  let us be the first in this thing , we do n't have a lot stats to be happy lately :(, 
  the eurobarometer poll 2010 [ 1 ] found that , on average , 51 % of the citizens of eu member states state that they `` believe there is a god '' , 26 % `` believe there is some sort of spirit or life force '' while 20 % `` do not believe there is any sort of spirit , god or life force '' . 
  3 % declined to answer . 
  it still seems to me atheists are not going to be the majority anytime soon . 
  data ? 
  i really really doubt the number of atheists are bigger than the christians in europe as a whole . 
  in italy for example the majority are for a debt relief . 
  maybe also in france . 
  overall in the eurozone i would go with 65 % against . 
  a wrong estimate considering all eurozone tax payers are giving money to greece and not only finland/germany . 
  never said that and i really do n't think that countries that receive more than give should shut up . 
  in fact i hope ( and i also think ) that those countries ( the majority of them ) will be a net contributors while the balkans will be the receivers in the next decade . 
  i was talking more about the fact that the baltics pretend to receive help 'cause of russia but at the same times refuse to get involved in the mediterrean crysis blocking everything in bruxelles . 
  a lot of times i hear : it 's not our fault , we have never been a colonial empire and we did n't cause the mess in libya so why should we get involved in those things ? 
  but it 's the same the other way around , spain , italy or france never had any kind of problem with russia . 
  i 'm hinting that your country have only benefits from the eu . 
  i ca n't say the same for mine . 
  so when i see someone from estonia complain about the eu i find it funny . 
  it also seems your country always wants solidarity from others but never the other way around . 
  serbia , montenegro and albania . 
  in 10-15 years . 
  what few countries ? 
  there are just 2 countries from where they arrive . 
  we already did in 2011 and we paid . 
  if you give italy the money to pay the sanctions i 'm sure we are going to ignore them . 
  so breaking international law ? 
  no one doubt that the cause of the problem comes from greece . 
  he was wondering if the partners want to fix this or gain advantages from this . 
  so in your opinion your country can do whatever it wants and break any rules because of this ?
