  i do n't think it 's right that they take other countries company . 
  do you think it 's right that a company like d&g that was born in italy , it is 100 % italian owned , the production is in italy , the management is in italy and so on pay the taxes in luxembourg ? 
  the free movement of capital is already done . 
  you ca n't add conditions after something is done . 
  putin has nothing to do with that mess . 
  i just do n't get why we have to focus so much on what putin is doing in eartern europe while eastern europe countires do n't give a shit about what is happening in n. africa . 
  and yes i would expect some help , even if tiny . 
  i hope soon . 
  how can you do it if there are 3 countries that refuse to do it ? 
  i would . 
  i do n't get why we should continue to lose money to that tax haven . 
  in any other period of history this would be considered unacceptable . 
  in fact until two decades ago this was not a problem at all . 
  so all refugees of syria in lebanon . 
  if you say so ... 
  so only the first country should have this burden on their shoulder ? 
  why ? 
   bottlenecks on borders with france and switzerland would likely appear at some point . 
  at some point ? 
  it 's more than 2 years we have this situation on the border . 
  there is also a lot of chaos in north africa . 
  i sincerely do n't see so much attention from those countries . 
  it 's really simple . 
  those sanctions hurts the italian economy ( for example the food industry export ) . 
  at the same time russia is not a threat to italy . 
  it has never been and probably will never be . 
  so why hurt our already weak economy and lose jobs ? 
  that 's the main reason . 
  the right and far right also see putin as a good leader . 
  there is not a single party in italy that is in favor of the sanctions . 
  far left , left , center , right , far right are all against them ( for different reasons ) . 
  i have the feeling that you have no fucking clue about what italy did in the last years . 
  or just read any newspaper in the last 3 years . 
  and a totally fucked up pronunciation system . 
  in italian you read and speak in the exact same way . 
  a letter will have the same pronunciation in every word . 
  english is easy for you because it 's a germanic language . 
  no and no . 
  anti europe and anti germany sentiment is at all time peak . 
  yes they do . 
  yes and so on ? 
  there are massive fiscal transfer from those regions . 
  ahahah sure . 
  if it works for a bunch of million people in ireland sure it works for the 120 million people in italy spain and so on . 
  that 's true . 
  my point was that not only high tech jobs can be considered advanced , well payed and stable jobs, 
  i really doubt that people around the world will start buying some random chinese or indian shoes or bags instead of prada gucci armani and so on . 
  we are talking about luxury or high level products , even if they are from a sector considered low tech . 
  yes sorry i thought he was asking about the pronunciation . 
  what other choice did we have ? 
  let france and the uk take control of the only foreign country were we had influence and let them take all the oil from eni ( the most important italian company , controlled by the state ) ? 
  so why do n't remove the others tons of dictators around africa or the world ? 
  ops they down have oil controlled by an italian company . 
  he wanted to create a sense of danger . 
  if the referendum fails i will step down and for the country will be chaos , uncertainty and so on . 
  that 's pretty much the main reason , the other one is that he is an egomaniac narcissist . 
  vote no and send renzi home !!!, 
  this will be the reason for 90 % of the voters . 
  it 's not like all countries in the world works like the uk . 
  people here usually form their ideas about a foreign country reading the british press . 
  a terrible way to inform yourself of another country . 
  even the economist , one magazine that is supposed to be extremely accurate , is full of stereotype and wrong facts when they write about italy ( i suspect it 's the same for other countries ) . 
  wrong numbers , wrong interpretations and so on . 
  yes it is , 
  except you did n't pay a single euro of what italy does . 
  and this since the birth of the eu . 
  i know it goes against the mainstream narrative that all south leech money from the mighty north . 
  you should study more . 
  doing nothing and just hope in a miracle was not a solution either . 
  so all the european agencies should stay in the north ? 
  nice balance . 
  why the hell put an agency in one of the main founding member when you can put it in latvia eh ? 
  because it 's crashing a lot of other businesses and it 's not even paying taxes . 
  the second part is so true . 
  if it would have been fiat the commission would have destroyed it . 
  and ? 
  they still are . 
  if an energy company has monopoly because they can sell for a lesser pleaserice thanks to economy of scale they would be the best , but still a monopoly . 
  and ? 
  it 's not that the eu has to be the beacon of tech innovation . 
  who care if it is the best ? 
  it 's in a dominant position and it 's against the law . 
  yeah sarkozy 's military was such a success , for example libya . 
  and when is the deadline for germany 's trade surplus rule ? 
  we are at six years in a row now . 
  90 % of eu countries broke the rules . 
  stop this stereotype that only southern europe countries do it . 
  it 's not just spain portugal and france . 
  the strongest anti austerity country ( france ) refuses to do it because they want to remain germany 's buddy . 
  so it 's impossible . 
  if this did n't happen with a socialist government that campaign for it , sure it wo n't happen with a center right government . 
  why should ireland exit the eu ? 
  without the eu suddenly your tax haven would be like a random island in the pacific ocean . 
  do you know that it 's full of danish/swedish and so on companies that relocated in ireland just to evade taxes ? 
  are the swedish companies corrupted/inefficient/outdated ? 
  agree . 
  it 's competition if it 's inside that country . 
  ireland wants to tax 0.1 % companies that operate in ireland while france wants to tax 20 % companies that operate in france ? 
  ok , that 's one competitive advantage . 
  taking the taxes from activities done in france it 's not competition .
