  [ colomba ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colomba_di_pasqua ) . 
  it 's something like the christmas panettone, 
  they are really scary . 
  everytime i have seen one of them i suddently have felt guilty without any reason . 
  i do n't know if it 's a good or bad thing though . . 
  the problem is that the prices are not stable . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  because unfortunatly it is just the truth . 
  everything you say is true , but you are talking about history stuff . 
  the sea and the beaches of southern italy are gorgeous and have nothin to envy from the spanish one and still as you can read in the article `` german airports sent 223 flights to spain 's balearic islands in one week last summer , and only 17 to southern italy '' . 
  add that in south italy there are thousands of greek archaeological sites that no one go to see . 
  that 's the problem . 
  yes it would , but they just do n't care ( or else they would have react in some way in the last 2 years ) . 
  there is no reason to worry for germany ... 
  yeah ofc . 
  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-thyayqvuwww/tttgwuxpn2i/aaaaaaaajow/xpwbusaakke/s1600/01.jpg and about the absence of reforms i do n't know why but i am sure you have no idea whatsoever of what france spain and italy have implemented in the last years . 
  this is an exaggeration . 
  no , to a gladiator from the ancient rome brought back to life . 
  - art works & beautiful stuff everywhere - one of the 6 countries that gave birth to the european union - one of the highest per capita incomes in europe for a long time - textiles and car indrustry - low birth rate - precarious political life - berlusconi so sad :(, 
  ye it 's a coup d'\u00e9tat ... http://sondaggibidimedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/20.png, 
  that 's one of the reason we have a party at 30 % that want to go back to the lira . 
  good job . 
  you are talking like any italian actually had the opportunity to say anything ... berlusconi signed it without any public debate . 
  both , especially the communication . 
  the only really important thing that he did was the reform of the pension , but i have to admit that he was prime minister for less than 2 years . 
  you do n't care . 
  berlusconi is no longer the italian prime minister since 2011 . . you should compare him with monti or letta . 
  german chancellor officially appointed as president of the european union . 
  why european ? 
  it 's so obvious she meant german . 
  the mona lisa, 
  because renzi has a strong personality and could not bear letta anymore . 
  he is the most popular politician and want to take the power . 
  they are not risking a new vote ( i think ... ) and i doubt renzi fear a new vote . 
  anyway this was a reckless move also for the italian politics . 
  how can you say that renzi is spineless ? 
  you can say many things about him , but spineless ? 
  ... despite having one-tenth of the services . 
  well considering that there are 60000 italians living in italy but working in switzerland this is a big deal for us . 
  and no , you ca n't have a free trade with each other cause you ca n't take the benefits and reject the rest . 
  you are talking like the free trade between switzerland and the eu is mutually beneficial for both in the same way . 
  that 's not the case . 
  add that the eu ca n't let this go easily or it could start a chain reaction . 
  the point is not espionage . 
  the point is that google earns billions in france ( and all other euro countries except ireland ) , and pay ( nearly ) nothing . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  ofc it is a oversimplification . 
  iceland has a population of 300k . 
  how can you compare that with anything ? 
  germany was not affected as other countries because germany is leading every decision , not other countries . 
  i really do n't know how can you say that the euro is not affecting italy/france/finland ( just took 3 countries with different situations ) . 
  it 's not a matter of being able and neither how many of them each state can take . 
  the point is that we are an union and european immigration ( they want to come in europe , not in south italy ) should be managed at the european level . 
  every single party . 
  just their solutions are different : one wants to leave the euro , another wants to change through deeper integration and the last one is berlusconi ( he changes his mind every week , but always strictly in that direction ) . 
  i would just put them in a ship and send them to the north so maybe europe starts to address it as a european problem . 
  agree 100 % . 
  do you really believe is a cultural reason ? 
  so tell me why france and italy went well for the last 50 years and suddenly in the last years everything has become shit ? 
   how many years of deflation and crises is needed before someone admits to it . 
  everyone is italy and france ( probably spain too ) admitted that . 
  the problem is in the country between italy , france , denmark and poland . 
  we were wealthy 15 years ago . 
  we were wealthy 20 years ago . 
  we were wealthy 25 years ago . 
  we were wealthy 30 years ago . 
  what happened in the last 10 years ? 
  corruption ? 
  no , corruption is with us since forever . 
  euro ? 
  yes . 
  not much , just the location and the capital ( maybe also something about gustavus adolphus ) . 
  and the weather . 
  yes ofc the ** whole ** country, 
   i honestly ca n't wrap my head how this can be allowed to go on - i ca n't . 
  i mean , people are dying , and still no one does anything ? 
  it is a g7 country for god 's sake . 
  i know it is corrupt , but i just do n't understand . 
  just read any book about culture in south italy . 
  if your only sources of information are the swedish media you will always have a rough vision . 
  with who should renzi speak ? 
  the leader of the center-right is still b. 
  because this thing that every state gains at the expense of others should stop ( luxembourg , ireland , etc ) . 
  yes marriage is 40 % , you are right , but civil union is way higher . 
  the majority of the italians are in favor of civil union and against marriage and adoptions . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  all opinion polls show that the majority of the italians are in favor of civil unions , but not on adoption . 
  the church influence a lot our political parties , just look at the democratic party , despite 3/4 of their voters are in favor they never proposed gay marriage because of the catholic part of the party . 
  [ vitruvian man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vitruvian_man ) italy 's 1 $ , 
  as you said , austria has a huge per capita . 
  but in this kind of poll the largest countries always `` win '' . 
  nothing is wrong , anyway : florence rome verona pisa pompei, 
  i think his party is around 20 % now , but we will see at the eu parliament election in 3 months . 
  except we already have an anti euro party founded by a comedian at 25 % . 
  how the hell can we change the rules if germany stop everything ? 
  do you think only the north is contributing with cohesion funds ? 
  i do n't understand why you are so selfish , we are in a deep crisis and still we helped greece/spain/ireland without whining every single moment . 
  because the language is not musical at all . 
  until now italy did not receive any bailout . 
  exept that i agree with everything you said .
