  it was not done by your great great great grandparents . 
  next time do n't bomb libya dear friend . 
  so if you know nothing read something before posting . 
  we --  france and the uk . 
  unfortunatly we just ca n't 'cause treaties . 
  you are right . 
  and add that we hear every single day `` 10000 muslims have landed in sicily '' . 
  in what city do you live ? 
  i would n't be so dramatic . 
  how can your country be so different from us when in everything else we are so similar ? 
  his point was that your thoughts are influenced by the environment in which you live and are wrong because the vast majority of europe is a lot different from scandinavia . 
  was n't the nord stream financed by the eu ? 
  nord stream is good , south is bad ? 
  sick, 
  how can ireland or scotland have a better nature than italy ? 
  ( sea , alps , hills , vulcanos , islands and more animal species than the two of them put together ) . 
  you can have a bad opinion of a country and at the same time consider it very interesting . 
  for a lot of people china is both of them for example . 
  yeah sure , germanic tribes were clearly more organized than the roman empire . 
  well , last time i checked a supermarket in germany it was full of italian products . 
  i think german people eat even in the third millennium . 
  under bush ? 
  he was the head of the federal reserve until last year , so for nearly the whole crisis . 
  why should the ecb do something ? 
  the target is 2 % for the euro area as a whole . 
  germany should not be the special kid . 
  why higher wages shold produce more national debt ? 
  think for a moment about who was our prime minister for the most part of the last twenty years and suddenly you will like matteo renzi . 
  they should rely on the same things they relied in the last two centuries . 
  our government was corrupt also 20-30-40 years ago but that situation never happened . 
  it 's only from people of little countries ( which are over-represented in this subreddit ) . 
  you wo n't find a lot of people from france/italy/germany / russia eager to embrace english over their own language . 
  in what crazy story did you hear that ? 
  your local media ? 
  go read a book of eu history . 
  take fiat . 
  it 's owned by an italian family , the management is italian , the production is in italy , even in the advertisement they say `` fiat 500 the italian car '' . 
  i think this makes it an italian company even if it is not owned by the government , like chanel is a french company and so on . 
  for your own companies sure , if setting that tax rates is done for pull other companies from other countries in ireland it 's a steal in my point of view . 
  your country is a follower too , you know ? 
  how our corruption affect you ? 
  it affects us . 
  in fact i do n't blame ireland , but the eu that allowed this when the creation of a single market was done . 
  and anyway ireland is nothing compared to the real devil , luxembourg . 
  and the article is from 2013 so it took data from 2012 . 
  why ? 
  if a country is less competitive than another why should the wages be the same ? 
  continue to steal money from other countries is far better right ? 
  ok around 1 % of the eu is the new point of reference . 
  sure as hell not the institutions . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were more rightists than leftists . 
  take italy and france ( 2nd and 3rd most populated countries of the eurozone ) . 
  in both of them it 's the right party the one more `` critical '' versus the troika . 
  'cause the berling airport is not done with the money of the whole eurozone but only with the many of one country ? 
  like you can understand anything from australia . 
  your country is in a golden age , those people come from countries with the highest young unemployment in history . 
  and with history i mean last 3000 years . 
  when people are desperate sometime they do stupid and useless things . 
  world health organization does n't agree with the guardian . 
  http://gamapserver.who.int/gho/interactive_charts/mbd/life_expectancy/atlas.html and neither wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy, 
  still those things are true even if it was made by the government . 
  it seems the only way to make english media talk about this universal expo is through reports of corruption . 
  and where is the news in that ? 
  a fresh start ? 
  in what world ? 
  i really doubt doing social service and be unable to leave the country is so funny . 
  questionable . 
  i think per capita is a way better measure ( especially in the context of the european union ) . 
  i never said that the country should n't be held accountable for that . 
  i 'm just saying that is wrong consider all the greeks ( or italian , german , frenc etc ) like a single entity . 
  try to put yourself in the shoes of someone who has never done anything wrong . 
  what do you mean with `` for us '' ? 
  i hope you know that germany did n't pay more than france or belgium or finland and so on per capita . 
  well . . good idea go against the only country who semi-support your stance !, 
  in your view it 's my fault if my countrymen elected berlusconi over and over even if i never did and he was re-elected only 'cause his media power ? 
  30 % of people is enough to put someone in charge in a lot of country , you should know that 'cause it happened to germany too . 
  german finance minsiter said in a public parliament session that he was well aware of that , but he thought that a country with less than 1 % of the eu population could not be a problem . 
  you can find the video if you want . 
  so everyone knew that , it 's just that the eu is a political project and obviously keep out the country where democracy was born did n't sound right . 
  your view of democracy is so naive . 
  it really does n't seem to me the countries you said agreed with german position about the ecb actions . 
  the report from the meeting between members of the ecb show that a lot of time germany was the only one contrary . 
  my country rely on tourism ? 
  since when ? 
  my country , being the second largest manufacturing in the eu , rely on his manufacturing in the north of the country and like all western industrialized countries the tourism 's impact on his gdp is marginal . 
  in fact austria rely on tourism way more than us . 
  i would put them in prison . 
  people were not fleeing from lybia with the dictator , they are now . 
  so yes , the dictator was probably better for them ( and for us too ) . 
  so a big corporation can still pay 0.01 % in taxes while if i open a business i have to pay 20-40 % ? 
  searching for an ally is an act . 
  why ? 
  it seems to me the isis problem ca n't wait , if other european countries ( mainly eastern europe ) do n't give a shit about that he needs to find other ally . 
  in your opinion we should destroy a university older and more ancient and full of history than any indian university because it could offend a muslim refugee ?? 
  it 's the same here . 
  do you really think that if europe would need to be divided the division would be north vs south and not west vs east ? 
  'cause , trust me , your country have more in common with italy than romania or poland . 
  and you can see that in any kind of map . 
  it 's easier to win with a stereotypical italian song , just look at our past songs . 
  i searched the odds and i found this : http://eurovisionworld.com/?odds=eurovision_2015 so yes , finland is going to win probably .
