  no , you do the opposite of what you are `` proposing '' . 
  you increase the funding of those states so they are no longer shit holes . 
  ah right sanctions to a failed state like libya . 
  why did n't we think about it before ? 
  it was so easy . 
   but then look at the comments to the guardian article , it 's full of stereotypes and it 's full of self-hating italians . 
  so exactly like here . 
  it was not italy , it was mario draghi ( and he was just answering to a reported ) . 
  it 's like saying that everything the imf does it 's done by france because lagarde is french . 
  it 's exactly what the article is about ... did you read it ? 
   more important , padoan has started to implement fiscal stimulus by cutting taxes and maintaining public spending plans , in defiance of german and eu commission demands to tighten his budget . 
  as a result , consumer and business confidence in italy have rebounded to the highest level in 15 years, 
  italy is a corrupted country since forever and until a few years ago we had 6 % unemployment ( less than finland/france/belgium and the average eu unemployment ) , with the north of the country with an unemployment rate lower than germany . 
  corruption is only one of the many factor of unempoyment . 
  i can name you tons of corrupted countries in the world with low unemployment rate . 
  by your point of view also the gdp should only be counted by taxed things when in reality the black economy is counted ( drugs , prostitution in countries where it is not legal and so on ) . 
  you are crazy . 
  i get it , but i do n't get why if the germans are pissed it 's a drama , if another country is no one care ( at least in those media ) . 
  it also goes against italian ( and all countries with high debt ) to have an inflation so low . 
  i do n't get why the german interests should prevail . 
  so it seems the problem is lack of information . 
  yeah sure because the power in the eu lies in the parliament and not in the council . 
  the fact is that it is not . 
  a german voter matter way more than a spanish one . 
  more than half of the eu countries do n't respect that rule . 
  your country included does n't follow the trade surplus rule ( it 's in the same packet ) . 
  we lack both ? 
  maybe because someone had the idea to invade lybia and kill the dictator so we no longer have an agreement with that country . 
  way less than now . 
  there are a lot of totalitarian dictators . 
  i do n't see the mighty france and the glorious uk using their power to kill them all . 
  ah right , no oil in those countries . 
  considering your country was a main actor in the chaos in libia i do n't see why do n't share the problem with the uk . 
  why should we pay money from this when it 's not a problem caused by us ? 
  i think we prefer send them all to you , 
  ah yes the german taxpayers . 
  other country do n't contribute . 
  it 's only germany . 
  germany pays all the other 27 countries . 
  do you get your information from a gossip newspaper ? 
  yeah sure apple facebook and google pay 12.4 % of their income there . 
  of course !, 
  do you really think that in ireland they pay 12.5 ? 
  really ? 
  til accenture is not really irish , but it was just for taxes . 
  thank you !, 
  denmark - lego estonia - skype finland - nokia france - l'oreal germany - adidas ireland - ryanair netherlands - philips spain - zara sweden - ikea switzerland - nestle united kingdom - bbc italy ( my country ) - ferrari / prada / nutella others : do n't know, 
  i would pick ryanair and accenture before guinness . 
  i mean the shut down of the balkan route . 
  we agreed on that and we gave a lot of money to turkey . 
  i do n't really understand why we agreed on this ... 
  austery in spain ? 
  their debt went from 40 % to 100 % in 4 years ... do you call this austerity ? 
  and do you think it `` worked '' ? 
  and many other were not . 
  he is talking about 90 % of europe . 
  we already did in the past . 
  we received a big sanction . 
  is your country willing to pay those sanctions ? 
  if yes we solved the problem !, 
  are we going to close the sea ? 
  it does n't seems a balanced diet ... 
  for a lot of years after the wwii we had a bigger gdp and lower unemployment than the uk . 
  it does n't seems bad to me . 
  it 's after the 80s that our country declined . 
  so you eat sandwich every single day ? 
  ah right i forgot that for nordic people the only threat is russia . 
  location ? 
  how is denmark location useful ? 
  like who ? 
  the country in the eu that base their economy on tourism the most is austria . 
  i doubt you were thinking at them . 
  for italy and france the tourism account for a really small percentage of their economy . 
  also libia , but i do n't see a lot of attention about it . 
  italian cheese is directly involved in this story ? 
  i agree with you that our past governments did n't push our interest in the union . 
  maybe it 's time for a change . 
  it started 150 years ago in 1865 . 
  a military incursion where ? 
  it does n't seem to me that they attacked a eu country or a nato member . 
  ye ye our government is totally corrupt and renzi is going to embrace communism and marry his daughter to a russian oligarch . 
  i would pretend help from other eu countries . 
  but not a single eu country was attacked by russia . 
  we are talking about ukraine , a foreign country . 
  we question their behavior . 
  no one care . 
  it 's different . 
  what are the benefits for italy of this sanctions ? 
  at this point , where nearly every eu countries just thinks about their benefit , i do n't see why italy should do things in another way . 
  not really . 
  you ca n't internal devaluate your debt . 
  inflation reduce your debt . 
  you do n't finance everyone because 1/3 of the european countries pays more than what they receive . 
  so for example you do n't give a single euro to the netherlands . 
  now go study a real book instead of reading the bild . 
  if someone give 100 and the other give 90 this makes the one giving 100 the only one with a say ? 
  anyway germany is not the biggest contributor in the last 26 years if you look at per capita numbers . 
  that 's not true . 
  that 's what your media try to push and what you like to believe . 
  it seems you do n't know that italy is a big net contributor while poland is a big net receiver , in fact the biggest of all the 28 member states .
