  it 's tax elusion . 
  ahhhhhhhhhhhh apple is paying 12.5 % corporate tax ... r o f l, 
  they were if not for being a tax haven . 
  those money are not made in that country . 
  are just sent there . 
  easy to be `` neutral '' . 
  isis starts to attack random countries ? 
  no prob we are neutral , go on . 
  yes 12.5 % in your hypocrit law . 
  what do these multinationals actually pay ? 
  less than 1 % . 
  so italy would be better than a lot of northern countries . 
  spain would be too . 
  it does n't fit the narrative . 
  but they are not . 
  and this change everything . 
  i still have to see a fine to germany since they are breaking the trade surplus rule ( so since forever ) . 
  yes , this is a point way bigger than corruption . 
  in the case of italy also our black economy does n't go very well with the digital transformation . 
  they were not so much richer than italy 20 years ago , probably finland was even poorer . 
  oh really ? 
  / s if you think that corruption was the main reason you are just wrong . 
  it is just a factor , but not the main one . 
  we had corruption also from 1950 to 1990 and we were in some points the 5th economy in the world . 
  so why not milan ? 
  if france and germany already host 2 financial institutions the third one could go to the third most important country in the union . 
  50-50 more or less, 
  because we are old . 
  you know , genius , that this was done in nearly all european countries ? 
  germany saved a lot of their banks with public money . 
  but if you like to think that italians are stupid go on with your prejudice . 
  we ask that our taxpayers pays for that . 
  germany did the same a few years ago with some of their banks . 
  spain did the same . 
  ireland too . 
  and so on . 
  you should study more instead of reading tabloids if you think the uk paid anything to italy . 
  not a surprise the leave won with such informed people . 
  so leave . 
  suddenly your tax heaven no longer matter because you will no longer be able to steal taxes from germany france italy and so on, 
  thank you for the deep answer . 
  i would like to reply to some points because i think you may have misunderstood the reasons behind some of these things . 
  gifting a tie is something really common for italian prime minister and it 's a way to remind the other of one excellence we have . 
  wine and fashion are common gift . 
  attacking merkel is , sadly , a thing that he has to do if he wants to keep popularity . 
  the opposition is constantly attacking her way more . 
  i can agree on this . 
  not really , he was democratically elected as head of his party and than took power ad prime minister with a parliamentary vote . 
  i do n't know , this is something too complicated . 
  i agree that pushing for mogherini was stupid because he could have take a better commissioner . 
  about the sanctions , you have to understand that in italy there is not a single party in favor of them . 
  not a single one . 
  far left , left , center , right , far right , 5 star , they are all against them . 
  the main argument is that the sanctions costs us a lot and keeping them is just a favor for eastern europe countries . 
  countries that refuse to help italy in any way . 
  i agree that he is power hungry . 
  a lot . 
  about the checks and balance not so much . 
  we have maybe too much balance or we would n't had 60 governments in 60 years ( more or less ) . 
  honest question : why do you think renzi is bad ? 
  are the german newspaper giving this idea or is it something else ? 
  at the same times countries that are eurosceptically inclined in the south might become less hostile . 
  in case you did n't notice the front national is the first party in france and the 5 star movement is the first/second party in italy . 
  you talk like south europe demands are something that never should be accepted . 
  we did it . 
  we get sanctioned ( a lot of money ) . 
  if rich sweden is ready to pay the fines the problem is solved . 
  all the 6 founding members are in favor of a closer union . 
  berlusconi . 
  he was both loved and hated . 
  or amazon could start paying the taxes they should pay . 
  protectionism at the benefit of tax payers ... 
  is it attractive to destroy your local shops for a giant that pays ( low ) taxes in a tax heaven ? 
  or until a country elects a government against the sanction . 
  also the fact that we have to help everyone and never receive any help can lead to the destruction of the eu . 
  our `` we wan na leave '' party is already the first party and just won the election of the capital . 
  what ? 
  just because the guardian is a bad informed newspaper that talks about the first woman instead of the real news ? 
  in any , i repeat , any , site in italy the news is about that the candidate of the 5 star moviment is going to be the mayor of rome . 
  it would be like the candidate of the front national in france or afd in germany or ukip in the uk win in the capital of the country . 
  the news is not that she is a female . 
  the news is that she is from the 5 star moviment . 
  maybe for a country with high public debt high inflation is better than deflation ? 
  ahahah sure spain has 60 % of german power . 
  and italy 80 % of german power . 
  if you really think something like this you are utterly naive . 
  i still do n't realize why italy should be the i in `` pigs '' when ireland asked a bailout and every year receive money from he eu while italy does the opposite . 
  the only reason i can think it 's that italy is in the south so it must be like greece . 
  they really are . 
  we own a large chunk of your economy ? 
  i doubt it . 
  how can you change them if they have veto power ? 
  if you get your profit from france you should pay the taxes from this profit in france . 
  for this year . 
  neither do italy . 
  should we start doing whatever we want ( more than what we already do ) ? 
  thank you for the information . 
  i thought the land had more share . 
  the main owner of vw is not private . 
  it seems to me that his main mistake is being born in italy by your comment .
