  try to find a single time in the whole history of the human kind where italy drained money to poland . 
  the opposite happen since your country entered the union . 
  you should study more boy . 
  renzi speak about the refugee 's problem every week since 2013 . 
  in greece is probably the same . 
  about the v4 i do n't even want to begin with . 
  only problems and a constant money drain . 
  maybe where you live . 
  not here . 
  is it so hard to find his cv online ? 
  considering italy has a bigger population and gdp of those 3 combined it 's still a big generalization what you said . 
  so what should the ecb do ? 
  the inflation for 2016 is predicted to be 0.1 % . 
  in the last 6 years was below the target too . 
  should they just ignore their mandate because you do n't like it ? 
  is it so wrong that in one area the german 's view does n't prevail ? 
  the only southern europe country with a house bubble was spain . 
  but why not generalize and include everyone in the same category !, 
  yes , like luxembourg based fiat . 
  should we love a giant tax dodger ? 
  spain asked for a bailout . 
  with also italian money . 
  it should be do ut des . 
  the second part is totally missing . 
  so tell me thos wonderful advantages of having them for italy . 
  at this point i really have no idea why we allowed them to enter . 
  ca n't think of a single useful thing they did for italy . 
  ah you do n't want them . 
  so easy . 
  well , let 's hope my country decide that giving billions to the east is something that we do n't want either . 
  what was this sane view in 2012 ? 
  now ? 
  when italy asked for help in all those years i do n't remember a single reply from those countries . 
  so let 's cut some eu cohesion funds to those countries . 
  the bombing part was to heal the wounds . 
  nope . 
  they started the bombing . 
  france was the one starting all of this . 
  more or less ... 
  why should the 60 million italians want this ? 
  k problem solved . 
  let 's put milions of refugees on a rock . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  how can greece fix the syrian war . 
  do you know how many american companies have a monopoly in a particular industry ? 
  a lot . 
  the first oil producer in the world are the usa and they are less dependent than norway . 
  same for canada ( 5th in the world ) . 
  if you look outside the western world you are right , but they are totally different economies . 
  is there any country in europe with such high % for one industry ? 
  not even the car sector in germany accounts for 25 % . 
  hypothetical example : italy buy 10 % of apple . 
  by your point of view the debt sustainability of italy would collapse . 
  in reality italy could just sell that share and write off the new part of the debt . 
  the assets of a country are relevant . 
  ignoring them is just stupid . 
  what you say it 's true . 
  still i think considering the debt/gdp ratio as the only metric is stupid . 
  look at spain a few years ago . 
  that country had no debt and we all know what happened . 
  why everyone is obsessed with debt / gdp ratio and totally ignore the assets a country own and the national wealth ? 
  take for example france . 
  the state holds shares of many companies . 
  those shares are totally ignored if you look only at the debt/gdp ratio . 
  they would n't ally but in the case of a vote between two parties ( the second turn in the new electoral law ) they could choose berlusconi/lega . 
  the papal state was situated here in italy 200 years ago ( and it still is unfortunately ) . 
  yes , the difficult part was the senate . 
  that moviment is also full of ( extreme ) right wingers . 
  and for the other countries ? 
  ah right this sub is only about the uk . 
  the point is not who pays more between uk and italy . 
  the point is that the common people ( hero on reddit or not ) thinks that the uk is giving his blood for the eu and italy is paying 1/10 of what uk pays ( a lot of people even thinks we receive the money that uk pays lol ) . 
  i think this misinformation is caused by uk media and their extreme biased point of view . 
  and ? 
  you pay those bureaucrats as much as italy . 
  hero on reddit probably the majority thinks we are a receiver when in reality we pay as much as the uk . 
  but it does not fit the storytelling of uk media . 
  when london and milan merged nothing happened . 
  we are going to pay more money every single year because one of the few net contributor left . 
  we could say the same to every single eastern europe country that share a border with russia . 
  call every 18 + men , give them a gun and see them defend their border !, 
  it 's the eu border not the greece one . 
  it 's so fucking easy say : defend the border !, 
  while being up in the north . 
  what did greece ( or italy ) did to deserve this invasion ? 
  in what way did they counter it in the last decade ? 
  it 's dysfunctional only for some members . 
  not as much as you think . 
  british people in this sub believe that our newspapers talk only about the brexit , the uk , cameron and so on . 
  in reality you rarely receive more than half a page . 
  ahahah well earned money !, 
  a fucking tax heaven you are . 
  denmark and sweden are two countries with well earned money , not the netherlands . 
  you also have no problem to take money from those lazy countries !, 
  look at fiat . 
  a company that is italian in every single aspect ( management , owner , branding , factories ) and pay taxes in the netherlands !, 
  i also do n't understand why the only country that complain for giving money to greece is germany . 
  why do germans whine so much ? 
  france/italy/belgium / austria paid greece the same ( per capita ) and they are not bashing greece every fucking year . 
  why do you want to believe in this storytelling that only germany is paying for everything when is just not true .
