  she can turn 180 \u00b0 and greece would be fucked . 
  finally someone with a brain . 
  italy and greece will never do what northern countries want if this mean that we are going to be legally bound to keep all the refugees . 
  while dublin regulation is alive why should we accept foreign police on our soil ? 
  so they can take fingerprints and we are going to be legally bound to keep them all ? 
  do you also want to pay for them ? 
  and to pay the country that is going to host them ? 
  because a lot of people do n't like a world dominated by the united states and china . 
  just think about the environment , do you think a strong eu would n't be useful in this regard ? 
  the same for the middle east and a lot of other things . 
  interesting . 
  i have fear to ask you about italy ( and spain ) . 
  what do you think about them ? 
  it 's the other way around . 
  italian companies are going to invest in iran . 
  it 's still worth it , though . 
  and i wish people without any pragmatism , like you , do n't have the opportunity to throw away 20 billion euro and thousands of jobs because of pride . 
  / s because it 's sarcasm and i do n't think it 's stupid at all to cover a statue . 
  yes it 's so stupid to cover a statue and do n't risk to lose 20 billion euro of contracts for a country with huge unemployment . 
  actually not even the resources are given to the border countries . 
  incentives to do it : zero . 
  why should italy or greece accept this ? 
  so we should keep them all ? 
  why should lybia accept this ? 
  how can the camp stay safe ( there is a war there ) . 
  because those where refugees from syria . 
  the refugees from africa are running from isis . 
  since when the eu is fair ? 
  it 's difficult to think about eu laws when we change government every year . 
  our government just think about how to survive . 
  because last year a new european law say national government can no longer create a bad bank . 
  because is a trash article from bbc ? 
  the law is about civil unions . 
  it 's not about same-sex marriage . 
  misleading title and bad article ( there is no `` national ban '' ) . 
  what sources do you read outside the uk/the us ? 
  you have always yo remember that english is a germanic language . 
  yes of course . 
  maybe it 's already like this . 
  i do n't know , i ca n't find info about it . 
  i was hoping you knew . 
  i have no problem admitting that italy participate in all of them . 
  we were talking about greece . 
  the purpose of dublin is to give all the burden to the peripheral countries while let the others free to accuse the same peripheral countries of doing not enough ( while they do nothing at all ) . 
  do you know who have to pay for these hotspot ? 
  is done with frontex money ? 
  amazing . 
  remove a country because they are situated in a zone where the refugees have to cross . 
  are you joking or are you serious ? 
  add that greece has nothing to do with the chaos in the middle east ( on the contrary your country ... ), 
  ok but why do you think an italian should be in favor of giving you a special treatment when the opposite does n't happen and it 's not even discussed ? 
  the same is true for every single eu country . 
  the uk is not a special child . 
  not all the eu countries benefit the same from the common market . 
  we live longer . 
  til italy and spain are less developed than eastern europe . 
  higher life expectation in the eu . 
  what else could he say ? 
  if your media does n't care and do n't report anything maybe the problem it 's not renzi . 
  the relocation is from italy and greece to other eu countries . 
  yes he is . 
  yes , we are . 
  if he consider all land in italy to be definitely compromised he is just stupid . 
  and ? 
  this does n't change the the value of the $ go up because of that model . 
  consequently for other countries using the euro is more difficult to export . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the m5s wants to get out of the euro and they account for 30 % of the votes ( polls suggest ) . 
  lega nord wants the same ( another 15 % ) . 
  fratelli d'italia too ( another 5 % ) . 
  italy did n't receive a single euro while giving away billions for the other 5 countries plus the european financial stability facility . 
  if a real crisis like the greek one happen in italy , it would be the collapse of the euro . 
  you heard right, 
  it 's stupid to belive there is not a reason . 
  every poll suggest the italian population is ready for the civil union but it 's 50-50 for the marriage and definitely against for the adoption . 
  pretend everything in the same year is naive . 
  the population is more than ready . 
  it 's the parliament that is not . 
  there is not a single country in the world that went from nothing to gay marriage . 
  why do you think we should do it in another way ? 
  we are going to get civil union next year . 
  gay marriage in 10 years . 
  adoption in 10-15 . 
  so many stereotypes . 
  the greek army is by far better than austria or a lot of eu countries and the budget is a lot higher per capita . 
  but ofc they are lazy so they must have shitty army . 
  yes only the uk . 
  poor uk . 
  thank you !, 
   germany 's trade surplus is too big , but it follows the maastricht criteria . 
  no it does not follow the maastricht criteria . 
   italy does n't have a a trade surplus but violates the maastricht criteria . 
  italy ** has ** a trade surplus of 2.6 . http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/december/tradoc_151969.pdf are you talking by stereotypes or facts ? 
  so your country should have written the rule in another way . 
   well if many nations share the german position that 's good right ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  becaue if a cluster of country is in a permanent minority situation they wil feel abused and will start to want to exit the union . 
  do you think is not correlated to this the fact that 3 parties ( for a total of 50 % of the electorate ) in italy want to leave the union/eurozone ? 
  when the eu was created do you think germany was in a better shape that italy ? 
   if germany wants to reduce its trade surplus it has to reduce its economic growth , which also affects living standards .
