  your country was also able to intervene in libya and create a human disaster . 
  a war wanted by france which ended in a civil war . 
  the flood of the refugees from there . 
  the denial of the problem . 
  the border between france and italy closed by france because they do n't want the refugees . 
  after the war in libya how can an italian trust france ? 
  yeah ally . 
  it is always in one direction . 
  so we should send our men to fight a country that never tried to harm us ? 
  for what ? 
  for a bunch of countries that even refused to take few refugees ? 
  it 's unpopular here on / europe , but it 's not in italy . 
  berlusconi was a political genius . 
  or why do you think he become prime minister and remained the most powerful man of italy for 20 years ? 
  he was a disaster , still a really smart man . 
  why ? 
  russia never wanted to conquer spain france or italy ( and a lot of others ), 
  in italy is a matter of 1 year more or less . 
  at least that 's what the polls show . 
  last time hollande says something strong against germany ? 
  i can quote you at least 10 times that renzi complained about germany only this year . 
  it really does n't seems to me that france is an opposition ... 
  til that having 20 % gdp less than france make you small and irrelevant . 
  the fiscal compact was signed 2-3 years ago . 
  we never did anything about it . 
  we all the time did n't respect what the commission wanted . 
  i do n't know why a lot of people have this idea that only france and germany do what they want . . 
  they already are . 
  and where do you put france ? 
  by any logic they should be in the south , but they are too proud to go in the bad group . 
  since when italy is cheap ? 
  even with the lira it has never been a cheap country . 
  lira was not stable , you are right . 
  you should also start with the tons of negative effects of euro on the italian manufacturing ( the second biggest in the eu now and in the last 30 years ) . 
  the fact that you do n't like dubs does n't change the historical reasons of why dubs are used in big countries while subs are not . 
  what banks ? 
  we did n't receive any bailout ignorant . 
  the countries that received a bailout were greece portugal spain ireland . 
  the emergency was even before the libyan problem . 
  the emergency is also in greece . 
  still nothing done by your country . 
  childrrns ca n't read or they read slowly . 
  anyway feel free to belive what you want . 
  that 's the reason in france italy germany and spain there are dubs while in lcountrirs with a not common language there are no dubs . 
  finally, 
  we never asked for sanctions on russia . 
  still they want us to sign it . 
  ah i get it , if russia tomorrow invade poland it 's because you fail to guard your border . 
  we should ignore that and continue to live our lives . 
  sure . 
  because they are not used to it and they do n't realise that the only reason they use subs is because their market ( language ) is not big enough to make dubs sustainable . 
  every big country in the world use dubs . 
  no you do n't . 
  i do n't remember any proposal from poland to help north africa . 
  i do n't remember any ship sent by poland to help us in the emergency ( germany/france/the uk/others at least did something ) . 
  and yes , i would like to keep our money instead of throwing them to a country that pretend a lot and never tried to solve anything outside their border . 
  i have no problem at all in admitting the problems of my country . 
  but the migration issue is not italian issue . 
  by your logic russia is an issue that only ee country should face , but it seems to me that a lot of request were done to italy in order to help ee countries in this `` issue '' . 
  ok . that seems to me another reason to stop the money do n't you think ? 
  it does n't seem to me that there are so much italian corporations in ee doing so much profit . 
  and anyway by your logic we could give that money to any country in the world and to a trade-off with that country . 
  done and we had to pay sanctions . 
  done and no one answered ( the few that answered said something like `` italy is strong enough to do it alone '' ) . 
  next ? 
  yeah sure we are a founding member since the birth of this union after the second world war , your country joined 10 years ago and we have to leave the union . 
  guess what , voters here are angry because your country only wants things and never ever give a shit about giving anything . 
  we have to accept a lot of things agains our will , first that comes to mind sanctions on russia . 
  maybe ee governments are the one disintegrating the eu . 
  no it 's not . 
  and even if this was the case , if the profit was made there the taxes on that profit should go there . 
  and ? 
  so we should start giving billions to japan because anyway mafia steal more so why not ? 
  because your country is damaging us stealing money from profits made in our countries . 
  yes , ireland can veto as much as you want , but it will end up with a lot of countries fed up about this . 
  let 's hope they go back to russia so we take two birds with one stone . 
  they ask money , they ask sanctions on russia . 
  they only ask . 
  give nothing at all . 
  well maybe stop giving billions of money to eastern europe every year is a way to solve part of our problems do n't you think ? 
  let 's just hope that it returns the same way it was two decades ago . 
  without 10 leechers in the east taking and giving nothing . 
  we tried . 
  the same countries that whine about immigrants are the one blocking any reform of dublin iii, 
  are you stupid or just ignorant ? 
  when we tried to send them back to africa we received a sanction . 
  yeah sure . 
  it 's since the start of the union that italy pays more than what receive . 
  it never phased out . 
  there are tons of cities outside germany and france with a lot of economic activity, 
  they do n't have to leave ireland . 
  they have to pay taxes in germany for profit made in germany . 
  it should be but it does n't work like this . 
  if i buy 1000 of facebook adv in italy , the profit from those 1000 goes straight to ireland . 
  i do n't want them to leave ireland . 
  i want them to pay taxes where the profit is made . 
  yeah sure , it was blocked by the aliens . 
  can you name me one time in the last two thousand years where ukraine or georgia helped italy ? 
  it 's more than a year that we follow this sanctions that has no benefit for us at all . 
  so everyone should get screwed .
