  the definition of a bully . 
  italy had 56 bilion of trade surplus last year . 
  we were . 
  i know that here in / europe the 60 milion italian are considerare less than the 1 milion of people from estonia but we exist . 
  because it ' a the economist . 
  a biased and full of prejudice and stereotype english newspaper . 
  last 2 covers about italy was renzi eating a gelato and the tower of pisa , and the one before a pizza . 
  and what kind of cars comes to your mind when thinking about italy ? 
  ferrari , lamborghini , maserati are all expensive cars with a low number of vehicles produced per year . 
  the realt problem is that only fiat is here and it 's not a surprise . 
  i do n't know for how long italy will remain the second manufacturing ( overall ) in europe . 
  we more , we more !, 
  you require the knowledge of german language . 
  not so easy for an italian . 
  like what ? 
  the opposition leaded by berlusconi ? 
  i talked about the italian government so the italian parliament . 
  not the united nation . 
  http://www.lastampa.it/2015/02/27/esteri/palestina-gentiloni-governo-favorevole-al-riconoscimento-zztozpi3udyfmdafnoz7io/pagina.html in february . 
  with israel really happy . 
  so pro-palestine that just last year she was part of the italian government , a government that refused to recognize palestine . 
  what will she be tomorrow ? 
  the arci-friend of north korea ? 
  ah right she was supposed to be the super-arci-ultra friend of russia . 
  ok it 's just my imagination . 
  our trade with russia collapsed at -60 % and all our parties talk about remove sanctions but it seems there are no sanctions at all !, 
  italians must live in a parallel world !, 
  and slovenia too . 
  this virtual world technology must be really good if entire countries believe in invisible sanctions . 
  just google it ? 
  anyway a lot of food for example . 
  you have no idea what the general opinion is here , the one of the government is way more in line of the german one compared to what the oppositions and the general population think . 
  you make it sound like it 's nothing . 
  they rapresent more than 40 % of the eurozone . 
  also i would n't consider spain and portugal on schauble 's side . 
  true and i think also the distribution network favors those brands . 
  you know right that every year some italian companies are bought by american one ? 
  it ca n't be only one way . 
  i really do n't think he is better . 
  i would prefer being governed by a corrupted thief than by a crazy one . 
  nah not everywhere , just latin countries ( and greece ) . 
  and that hate was deserved . 
  if you want to become the prime minister of a country you ca n't say that the majority of a big friendly country elected for 2 clows ( even if it is true ) . 
  it 's called diplomacy . 
  i do n't see merkel or renzi say something so stupid . 
  i read that considering the votes from italian living outside italy the m5s would be the 2nd party . 
  do n't considering them they would be the first . 
  but why do n't consider them if they are worth as much as you for italian law ? 
  so you think is a good thing ( economically speaking ) that north italy send every year more than 100 bilion $ to south italy ? 
  do you think the good and services south italy buy can compensate such numbers ? 
  no they do n't . 
  in the same way if germany decide to give 100 $ to italy , less than 20 $ would go on german products . 
  and so on . 
  that 's ridicolous and a so simplist way to see the thing . 
   whenever i post on reddit i get shit for the actions of `` germany '' even though i do all that is within my capabilities to change this . 
  what can i do besides , voting for parties that might change things , protest against government actions and try to educate my surroundings and friends about the shit my government does ? 
  you are right but it 's the same in other countries . 
  you have no idea how many times people on the internet answered me with things such `` you elected berlusconi 4 times !!! '', 
  even if i never voted for him in my whole life . 
  elected to what ? 
  everything you say is true but you are only listing the negative effects of this scenario . 
  even before the $ italy was having worse conditions on loans , still the situation was way better than the actual one . 
  and anyway only 30 % of our debt is owned by foreigners . 
  yeah 'cause i was talking about that little greece and not about italy/spain . 
  but it seems italy and spain are geographically located in the south so they must be greece 2.0 . 
  i would like to remind you that with a fiscal union the transfer would probably be more from west to east than from north to south , like it is now . 
  and usually german people do n't take them so well . 
   let 's imagine the south declares an end to austerity , so who gives them the money to spend more again ? 
  the same people that did it in the decades before the euro ? 
  the same people that did it in the decades before the euro ? 
  well someone that from nothing has become one of the richest man in the world ( at least 10 years ago ) and the most powerful man of a g7 country for more than a decade sure as hell is not a stupid man . 
  he was super buddy not only with north african dictator ( and god bless that kind of friendship , i would pay for have a dictator there instead of the total mess we have now ) . 
  the reality is that b. is a corrupted criminal , but not stupid at all . 
  renzi tried every single week in the last 6 months . 
  you must have missed it . 
  no more drug plz, 
  yes 'cause this is the first time !, 
  do you really believe that south europe do n't follow rules and the other countries do ? 
  or is just some sort of prejudice ? 
  do you believe that italy exports paintings , pizza and opera ? 
  from a country that receive money every single year from the eu and that ask for support against russia every single year this is embarassing . 
  agains the us , japan , china , south america . 
  in fact france is not doing so bad . 
  because the role of our ecb is not to combat the unemployment . 
  because our dear germans wanted a central bank ( the only in the world ) that care only about inflation . 
  we contributed for around 850 $ per person too . 
  and all we get is hate . 
  not only we paid but we are considered lazy southern that spend north taxpayers precious money . 
  do you think is better ? 
  so tell me what spain proposed to the european commision/parliament/council to solve this problem . 
  i never heard anything proposed by your government . 
  i would be happy to be wrong . 
  we do ? 
  when the hell did i say that other nations 's media are perfect ? 
  they are biased too 'cause they all try to sell to a specific audience . 
  i see you also have no idea how media works in italy , not a surprise . 
  berlusconi just owns tv channels . 
  he does n't own any of the top 10 newspapers ranked by total readership . 
  you can still continue to believe we are crazy acolytes of mister b ( here on reddit lol ) . 
  spain 's stance is to oppose quota and propose nothing to solve it .
