  lol it would only create domestic pressure to fight back the evil europeans . 
  1 ) how ? 
  do you think we are happy to pay for gas ? 
  if we do n't have it we have to buy it . 
  lybia is out 'cause of instability , algeria & norway are not enough . 
  2 ) possible , but it wo n't change much . 
  3 ) not possible . 
  they are there 'cause they won the second world war and they had one of the strogest army . 
  4 ) they will just buy them from others ( or build them ), 
  maybe you can , we ca n't stop all trade relations . 
  easy to say when you do n't have 40 % youth unemployment and seven years in a row of recession ( and an exodus of thousands of refugees from the south ) . 
  as it was and still is lybia ( or egypt ) . 
  we are not going to do anything until we build a common foreign policy/army . 
  exept americans are spying everyone , not only germans . 
  when the eu ca n't even patrol border in the south were thousands refugees every day cross the sea , do you think we can do this ? 
  we do n't have a common foreign policy nor a common army . 
  'cause you are the only big eu country to have natural resources . 
  i think we have less power than you think . 
  and anyway italy is `` friendly '' with russia but also ( more ) with the us . 
  i really doubt that if the us/uk/france / germany all agree to react in a particular way we would oppose . 
  are you also ashamed by the reaction of eu leaders over lybia or israel ? 
  not hard when you do n't have any kind of economic relationship with them . 
  'cause nowhere in the world you pass from nothing to everything ? 
  here there are a lot of talking about this , but i still ca n't understand what the high rep really can do . 
  i ca n't remember a single thing the last high rep ( ashton from the uk ) did in her last mandate even though a lot of things have happened over the last five years . 
  let 's hope you decide this fast instead of speaking speaking speking and never take a decision . 
  the state should prevent the closure of 100000 french shops ( and the jobs these shops provide ) for the benefit of one american giant that pay no tax at all in france ( and nearly nothing in ireland ) . 
  does your bookstore pay less than 1 % of tax ? 
  free markets are great until the companies pay their taxes where they make their profit . 
  that 's not the case , amazon is a bully that pay no taxes at all . 
  it 's the vision their media is speading . 
  that 's all . 
  nope . 
  with your point of view every single italian is to blame for the berlusconi 's election ? 
  ( while he never took more than 50 % ) not every greek voted for a corrupted leader . 
  your vision is a bit simple . 
  why should they ? 
  i free market mean make huge profit and pay no taxes in the country they are making that money , like what amazon is doing , let 's hope this `` free market '' end as soon as possible . 
  considering 99 % of the contries in the world do n't have zero inflation i suspect is a bad thing . 
  the s & d group will decide who put there , an italian ca n't take a economic commissioner 'cause draghi , so probably will be the french or spanish economic minister . 
  i really do n't see how the money of france and italy are coming from germany . 
  i really do n't see this . 
  both countries are net contributors and have not benefited from any bailout ( in fact they paid for the bailouts of other countries ) . 
  and all of them together are not worth 1/10 of any of this giants . 
  i 'm sure you would say the same if tomorrow thousands of people start coming in finland from east . 
  ( 'cause someone else started a war there ) . 
  stereotypes . 
  do you think the russian mafia wants the italian mafia in their country ? 
  the ita-rus relation is just about importing gas an tourists , exporting cars and fashion . 
  italy never liked hitler . 
  the italians didnt want to join the war but staying neutral . 
  italy wa ruled by a dictator ( yes , the italian liked him ) that liked hitler . 
  exept thousands of people die ` cause the north europe pragmatism, 
  italy just got tons of interests with russia . 
  one week is barely enough for seeing rome , you need to stay at least 4 days in rome . 
  if between paris and rome you wan na stay in italy you should decide if you wan na see art/architecture/history or sea and nature . 
  in the first case i would go to florence/pisa . 
  and they are working so well . 
  yes he clearly meant that . 
  or maybe kill every single person in the uk and put a eu flag on top of the big bang . 
  i do n't get why they downvote you . 
  it 's obvious that with sacrifice he meant lose the uk in the eu integration process . 
  if i could chose between the status quo and a more integrated european union without the uk i would chose the second one . 
  is something that i can choose ? 
  ofc not , but i can say what i would prefer . 
  if the eu continue the integration process and become a world power without recession and unemployment , with a real central bank , united and so on ... while the uk goes into a recession with a skyrocketing unemployment and a political irrelevance , do n't you think the idea of entering the eu would increase ? 
  i 'm not saying that this will happen , i do n't think it will . 
  i 'm just saying that the perception of the eu can change a lot . 
  in italy 6 years ago around 80 % of the population was happy about the euro , now less than 40 % . 
  the most important reform eu should do is the one that does not allow corporations to avoid paying taxes in the country they are taking the money . 
  if apple ( or any other big company ) earns billions in italy/germany/france / etc , it should n't be able to pay a very low percentage in ireland/netherlands/luxembourg . 
  this is damaging all of us . 
  and sometimes they improve the actor performances , 
  are you sure ? 
  i think the laugh/screams etc are replaced . 
  it does n't work like this here , you wo n't see the same dubber synchronize a lot of major actors , they always synchronize the same one . 
  i think there are some misunderstandings about how dubbing works in italy ( and germany/france/spain too i think ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldmfjr2ev6m this is italian dubbing , no 2 voices , no double anything . 
  and neither italy . 
  so just do it . 
  why wait until 2017 ? 
  ok in romania `` a lot '' of people knew them . 
  in italy i doubt more than 2 % knew juncker , while schulz is probably around 50-60 % , but only because he was in a famous joke done by berlusconi ten years ago . 
  keller/verofstadt are probably around 0.5 % . 
  yes we always get so much from the eu . 
  clearly a whole project done for the benefit of italy . 
  can we send all the illegal immigrants coming in sicily to your country ? 
  plz, 
  every single football world cup !, 
  our companies ca n't have access to credit and if somehow they manage to get it , they have to pay what a german company pay + 2-5 % . 
  the austerity measures means an increase in the taxes , so our companies have to pay more taxes . 
  so the german companies gain a competitive advantage 'cause their competitors have to pay more . 
  ofc , but it 's the whole south in a bad state , and i doubt mr. b is the reason . 
  just add more states . 
  'cause you are talking about european union . 
  selfishness everywhere . 
  i have no idea who thought a system so stupid . 
  but probably berlusconi said yes . 
  it 's just crazy . 
   everything he is vowing to do , is for the benefit of italy .
