  finally !!, 
  after 20 years of nothing for the benefit of italy done by our mr b. 
  i ca n't believe we have less tourists than spain :( we were the first 20-30 years ago . 
  well , gratz spain . 
  just vote and get over it . 
  just look at any euro banknote and you will see bce/ecb . 
  every latin country uses bce . 
  a federalist in what ? 
  verofstadt is a federalist , not this boring man . 
  no , what berlusconi ( a man that was in charge four prime ministers ago ) has to do with it ? 
  because she is the one that take the decisions ... unfortunately . 
  do you wan na exchange your asylum seekers with our illegal immigrants ? 
  i do n't understand this . 
  is n't she your pm ? 
  why do you want that the most important person of your country quit the job for an european job ? 
  in everything ? 
  eu should put a task force , every country should pay their quota for the rescue and every country should take some of them . 
  sure as hell ignoring every italian request is not the way . 
  not only bruxeless , also paris thx . 
  the majority of them are from lybia , and lybia is in chaos not 'cause of italy but 'cause mr. sarkozy . 
  ye no prob , we can just put all of them in 1000 bus and send them to berlin . 
  why not ? 
  : ddddddd, 
  how can you divide the 2 `` europe '' ? 
  maybe now there is a clear difference between the south and the north , but 10 years ago it was not like that and maybe in the next ten year everything will change again . 
  for example , i suspect you would place italy in the low-speed europe , and what happen if in 10-15 years italy goes back on track ( for example 10 years ago our unemployment was lower than the german one ) . 
  and france/belgium ? 
  are they slow or fast ? 
  and if things change what would you do ? 
  it 's saturday . 
  best time, 
  yes , in italian . 
  i cant ' believe italy is so high . 
  not always . 
  sometimes the actor 's performance is even worse . 
  til that other country watch movies/tv series not in their mother language . 
  but the costs of rescue and keeping them alive is all on italy , not on europe as well . 
  and ? 
  refugee are a small part of the immigration . 
  illegal immigration is 100 times higher than the number of asylum seekers . 
  do you think 200 milion in 4 years are enough ?? 
  they are not enough for 30 days . 
  what about we give you 500 milion and send them all to ireland ? 
  when will europe force them to pay the taxes ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there will be a lot of discussion about football in brazil soon , 
  they are super eco-friendly , they are also semi-fascist . 
  it 's a strange moviment . 
  it 's nice but boring ... 
  maybe it is better to make structural reforms in a time of economic growth and not when your economy is in recession . 
  so a bit of inflation helps . 
  so she should be the head of the european commision because it 's ok for the united kingdom ? 
  do you ever read on any kind of newspaper `` the prime minister of the netherlands propose lagarde for the commision president '' ? 
  what constitutional court decides whether the operations of the ecb are right or wrong ? 
  the netherlands one ? 
  is the bundesbank or the netherlands ' bank that every month tell the ecb what to do ? 
  do you think that the highest unemployment rate in history a few years after the entry into the euro is a coincidence ? 
  and what makes you think that the corruption is the reason ? 
  italy is corrupted as much as 20 years ago . 
  russia is corrupted but i do n't see russian unemployment skyrock . 
  and still the us , japan , uk are increasing inflation . 
  probably they are all crazy . 
  your own country has debt . 
  and you will pay that debt . 
  mainly sarkozy 's fault . 
  nope , unload them in brussel , maybe the commision will start talk about that too . 
  we ca n't repatriate them 'cause eu 's law . 
  the title is misleading . 
  renzi just told that he can be the man , but is not automatic 'cause the council has a say . 
  the candidate needs also a vote from the european parliament and i doubt that the s & d group vote for him if hollande and renzi are against him . 
  italy is divided into 5 regions , each of them are worth x representatives . 
  i 'm curious about france too , strange that is divided , i thought france was like spain for this kind of stuff . 
  i do n't agree . 
  austerity does n't mean low tax and low public spending at all , the united states are for a low public spending but they sure are not for austerity , in fact their public debt has grown a lot . 
  austerity is a policy used to reduce budget deficit also with tax increases ( and that happened also in italy under monti ) . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but i hope uk leave the eu , they continue to block everything , no matter what . 
  just do this referendum and take the decision . 
  going from 44 % at the last political election to a 26 % is not a real win . 
  and your impression are right , the point is that the north is really a lot indrustrial . 
  you are talking like we do n't have an industry when we are the europe 's second-biggest manufacturing country since forever . 
  what makes you think that only the greens care about that ? 
  in italy we do n't have any party associated with the greens , still we discuss about it . 
  for example one of our party is very `` green '' but is associated with the gue . 
  add that ska keller was the worst ( exept juncker ofc ) in every debate . 
  i would n't consider m5s a left party at all . 
  they are the sud-tyrol party , in the bolzano province more than 50 % speak german . 
  it 's an autonomist party and they have the right of 1 seat at the european parliament . 
  juncker or schulz , they both can reach a parliament majority . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's not so much 60 % . 
  what really surprise me is that some country has 30 % . 
  how is it possible that so many people do n't care and do n't vote for something so important ? 
  it 's one of the few things that make me proud of being italian . 
  no sanction at all . 
  we have the m5s at 21 % anyway , not far away from the fn . 
  le pen already asked him to join her in the eu parliament . 
  luckily we have renzi , as i always said he was not letta/monti , despite becoming pm without a vote . 
  best day of the year . 
  i 'm sorry , no one will be more entertainging than the m5s . 
  you may bet . 
  i 'm curious to see who will get more seats between ukip/fn/m5s,
