  germanty is not ruling the world , just the european commision . 
  they are questioned by everone except by germany and his few allies . 
  every single international organization ( oecd , imf etc ) said what you are saying . 
  in this sub, 
  they also all the time complaining about europe when they are probably the country that received more money from the eu . 
  yeah you are probably right , all the government in the world try to prevent deflation 'cause ideology and not 'cause it 's just wrong . 
  'cause your public debt become too hard to pay . 
   italy are you surprised we are so high right ? 
  that if a person in spain has high education can find a job . 
  your personal experience mean nothing . 
  the stats are different . 
  germay did n't want a default 'cause they were the first creditor . 
  so they imposed that thing with the glorious narrative of the saviour when they were just saving their own banks . 
  greece could default 4 years ago , now would be just stupid . 
  made in italy shoes and bags are clearly low end manufactured goods ... lol, 
  it 's so ridiculous . 
  taking russian gas from the north stream is ok , from the south stream is not . 
  in italy we say : use italian words and add a `` s '' at the end !, 
  yes sure but at the same level of rome and the whole rome region ... 
  i find hard to believe that south tyrol and rome ( lazio ) have the same amount of tourist . 
  26/28 countries did n't obey the rules in the last decade . 
  i 'm speechless too . 
  they would try also if the % of reach italy would be less than 1 % . 
  they are desperate . 
  25 % m5s in italy does n't ring a bell ? 
  they took more votes than all the parties that you have listed . 
  this sub is not an indicator of anything . 
   all i know is from the newspapers , so enlighten me !, 
  why is france unable to meet that 3 % ? 
  if greece , ireland , portugal can do it , countries that were in much bigger shit , and almost the entire eurozone , why not france ? 
  you should change newspapers . 
  these countries are not below 3 % . 
  yes sure 'cause the european union project could be born without france . 
  you should read a few books about the european union history . 
  your country is not following these treaties every single year : netherlands : 2009 -4.9 2010 -4.2 2011 -3.8 2012 -3.6 and is not going to follow them also in the future http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-15/netherlands-will-not-achieve-eu-budget-deficit-goal-in-2014.html, 
  who vote conservative in the south did n't vote for austerity , but for completely other reason . 
  italy 's 20 % of berlusconi sure is not a vote in favor of austerity , spain voted right for domestic reason and so on . 
  european people vote in european elections thinking about domestic stuff . 
  sad but true . 
  oh cmon you perfectly know what i wanted to say . 
  3 % deficit from maastricht treaty, 
  spain has 7 % deficit uk has 5 % germany has 8 % surplus ( it 's against the rules too ) italy sure has something else every single big country defy eu rules, 
  and the day we try germany starts imposing us sanctions 'cause we are breaking the precious stability which is the most important thing in the world . 
  with this deflationary scenario i do n't see how it can improve . 
  so you have a specific deal with ** every single ** internet giant ? 
  i think it 's just a tax haven , like luxembourg . 
  so the solution is continue this race to the bottom ? 
  the maastricht rules , rules so crazy and stupid that only the eu in the whole world have . 
  a country with density 15/km can do that . 
  it 's not only doing wars versus us , but helping us versus something more dangerous . 
  yeah 'cause the 3rd military army in the world means nothing . 
  i have no idea how can you say that ukraine , a country famous for nothing , had a better history of economy than greece . 
  yes 'cause this is never going to change . 
  north europe will be at the top forever and ever . 
  http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/507d3298-3f06-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3em3y7bmr in short : reduce the apartheid between overprotected workers ( mainly old people ) and workers with 0 rights . 
  reduce the 45 forms of employment contract . 
  change the `` cassa integrazione '' , that 's hard to explain ... now only some workers get unemployment benefit and they are given in an inefficient way , he is trying to change this . 
  it 's going to be hard . 
  reform the employment centers . 
  now they only work in certain regions ( like everything in italy ) . 
  ah now that it 's affecting germany all the eu must wake up . 
  better a big national debt than a big recession with huge unemployment . 
   strong fiscal union countries like ireland/luxembourg/netherlands like to steal money from other countries companies . 
   appropriate transfers ? 
  all western countries think the current transfers are enough . 
   what happens when every country simultaneously tries to increase exports by devaluing their currency ? 
  that 's right , exactly nothing . 
  i do not see how this could happen , even if a cataclysm happens , germany would not print money . 
  no it 's not . 
  like it was not only german responsability the rise of hitler or many other examples in history . 
  what our neighbors do affect us , whether we like it or not . 
  'cause krakow is not famous for glorious history nor fashion firms ( what chinese wants ) . 
  do n't you see this subreddit ? 
  there are something like 20 user from uk for every 1 user from italy or france when the 3 countries have the same population . 
  ca n't another socialist run ? 
  why it must be hollande again ? 
  just a curiosity , also in ticino ? 
  maybe 'cause they never watched something dubbed in a good way . 
  here you have dubbed by default , you can push a button and switch to original language . 
  probably less than 1 % do it . 
  in france , spain and germany is probably the same . 
  are we all crazy ? 
  no it 's not . 
  you can just push a button on the remote control and switch to the original language . 
  here every evenign there are spanish or germam telenovelas , if you push the button you suddently hear german coming from `` love storm '' characters . 
  maybe hungarian dub is low quality . 
  i 'm pretty sure 90 % or more of jon snow 's dub are better than the real one . 
  someday you will become old and understand that tv can be a way to feel less alone . 
  and the radio ca n't be an alternative 'cause on the radio there are songs or news , not tv series . 
  never heard any kind of telenovelas on the radio . 
  yeah i agree , you usually watch the movies without doing other stuff . 
  but for other things like tv series is different , for example here in italy a lot of old people watch tv because of loneliness , they like to hear the tv speaking while doing other stuff . 
  it would be impossibile with subtitles . 
  and remember that not every tv series is `` breaking bad '' or `` got '' , the majority are just silly . 
  how can you do something else if you have to read ? 
  for example how can you cook or follow twitter if you have to keep yor eyes on the television all the time ? 
  i mean as gdp . 
  i would do a law so that companies have to pay the taxes where their income is and not in a tax havens inside the eu so this stupid race to the bottom can finish . 
  i think we are the only big country without any kind of natural resource : /, 
  that 's strange , if there is one country that reacted in a softer way than italy it is austria .
