  what kind of shock do you think someone from north italy have when he arrives in south switzerland ? 
  they speak the same language , have the same religious background , eat the same things . 
  totally incomparable . 
  should n't we ? 
  there are like 0 . x % of them there . 
  you believe that calais is a big problem only 'cause it 's about the uk . 
  but russia and china are ( especially the second one ) . 
  we had abortion law 40 years ago . 
  there are countries without it even now in the western world . 
  around 90 % probably . 
  yes , but with libya blocking them they had to remain in their shit . 
  but they leave from there . 
  i would like to be in doubt . 
  sadly i 'm pretty sure it 's the case :(, 
  what ? 
  do you believe it 's a louis vuitton ? 
  we do n't check 'cause it 's the only `` weapon '' we have to try to make the eu do something . 
  no one say that the refugees are the main problem of italy . 
  but the other problems ( corruption , politicians , mafia , demography ) are caused by italians . 
  the refugee problem is not , they do n't want to come in italy , they want to come in europe . 
  the member states will veto every change . 
  especially eastern europe countries . 
  so lega nord . 
  they also want to go out of the eu and the $ . 
  there are dozens of dictators in the world . 
  why him and not , for example , the dictator of eritrea ? 
  answer : libya has oil . 
  wow . 
  your system is really a nightmare . 
  and i 'm from italy !, 
  let 's hope . 
  well ... it 's only 2 years that italy ask a common solution about this . 
  it seems only threats have some kind of effect . 
  sad . 
  yes there is . 
  he kills and torture them . 
  there is a reason if 25 % of the refugees comes from there . 
  we are not responsible also for the ukraine situation . 
  since when in politics you have to react only if you are responsible ? 
  there are dozens of dictators in the world . 
  look at eritrea for example . 
  i do n't see la france forte rushing to help the poor oppressed people from eritrea . 
  for a lot of things uk has way less power than italy about eu policy but ok , believe what you want . 
  no , it 's not what you think . 
  go study any kind of book about the eu history . 
  i know your country joined a few years ago but the eu is not so young . 
  i agree it 's not about germany and france . 
  i was replying to someone who was suggesting that the core countries were the problem . 
  it 's not in germany or france interests make italy a mess . 
  from the country that created a big part of this mess ? 
  did bush start a war on eritrea for example ? 
  cause we are in a recession since 2008 ? 
  sweden switzerland and germany are not ? 
  you have something like 3 % unemployment rate when we have 5 times that number ? 
  and anyway the problem are not the 50k but what is coming this summer . 
  italy agreed on all sanctions even if we never had any problem with russia . 
  it 's not enough for you ? 
  maybe , but it 's still more than nothing . 
  we received nothing at all . 
  ok . so the echr . 
  does n't change the point . 
  ok , so share the money spent on sanctions . 
  can you understand that we ca n't reject them 'cause international law ? 
  is it so fucking hard to get it ? 
  is your country going to pay the sanctions that the european court of human rights and the united nations are going to send us ? 
  so why do you think this is about italy ? 
  frontex is the european union organization with that job . 
  i see no reason to block italian exports on russia too ( especially with 50 % youth unemployment ) . 
  still your country pressured us to do it . 
  russia never invaded italy in the last 5000 years , they are not going to do it anytime soon . 
  that 's what an union is about . 
  put the greater interest ahead . 
  yes sure people from greece is like people from sudan . 
  just the same . 
  anyway the problem is not germany/sweden/france but all the other countries that just like to ask but never give ( mainly eastern europe ) . 
  you know right that we are doing what the eu wants us to do ? 
  save the refugess . 
  your crazy point of view is that we have a mandate to kill them before they reach italy ? 
  so your solution is that we must take them all ? 
  we are not the british . 
  we sell expensive food and fashion to the russian . 
  the fashion export collapsed ( -40 % ) on the russian market . 
  is n't this a reason enough when you have 50 % youth unemployment ? 
  second ( this is more personal ) i do n't really get why we have always to help east europe when they never helped us , see the rejection on immigration quota . 
  also here the public is against the sanctions on russia . 
  still renzi had to agree . 
  edit : you can downvote as much as you want but this is a fact , every single opinion poll say this . 
  without any doubt the vatican . 
  still ahead of the 0.00 % who signed pro-ttip initiative . 
  25 years are not that much , you can still draw the border of italy after 152 years ... 
  source ? 
  that was something like 5 years ago . 
  german and french banks no longer hold anything . 
  why ? 
  your country is not romania/bulgaria/hungary . 
  especially your capital could be attractive to them . 
  you are even more naive . 
  do you really thing all of them will stay here ? 
  yes we are a 5th world country !, 
  every sentence is corrupted !!!,
