  probably it 's the democratic party . 
  the majority of italian hate the euro 'cause we are the only country in the eurozone with a lower gdp compared to the gdp before joining the euro . 
  and the italian feels the european monetary policy is decided taking into account the interest of germany and not the interest of the entire euro area . 
  do you think there is no reason to have fear in one man that wants to exit the eu , do n't pay the public debt , close 95 % of the newspaper , do n't make any kind of alliance in the national parliament and in the european parliament ? 
  all this using a language similar to that of mussolini . 
  i hated berlusconi but if i had to choose between b. and grillo i would choose b. without any doubt . 
  http://news.supermoney.eu/politica/2014/05/sondaggi-europee-2014-tecne-30-aprile-per-fasce-d-eta-il-m5s-vola-grazie-ai-giovani-0089384.html you can read the chart also if you do n't know the language . 
  the democratic party ( renzi ) or the crazy `` we leave the euro , we do n't pay the public debt , let 's do the online court for politicians 'cause they have to pay '' 5star moviment ( grillo ) . 
  berlusconi is out of the game . 
  do you seriously do n't see the problem ? 
  the problem is the same that made us be the last country in the eu without civil unions for gays . 
  2 words : the vatican . 
  nope , we always vote on sunday , england always vote on thursday etc. 
  why you can do that and we ca n't ? 
  our trains are not expensive at all , i suspect you never used a german train . 
  because putting 5 countries in that `` piigs '' when not 5 countries received financial aid deserve a downvote . 
  not really . 
  the only thing they say about the eu is that the ecb is in the hand of the bundesbank and that the strong euro is making worse the situation . 
  we are in shit , but that 's not the point , we also did n't receive any kind of financial rescue but still people believe the bailouts were for us too , when in fact it is the opposite , we have contributed to the rescue of the other states as much as , for example , france . 
  ... never heard of anyone paying so much . 
  i do n't know this ambrose evans but timothy geithner was the us treasury secretary . 
  i do n't know if he posted this before but sure it 's way more important than how we say platypus . 
  france wants a weaker euro , same italy/spain . 
  germany/finland do n't . 
  because they are a mediterranean country . 
  add that he wants to leave the european union , go in default and dont pay the public debt and in the last election was the first italian party . 
  i repeat , 10 times more scary . 
  he probably would be better . 
  this is really great !, 
  i really do n't understand why everyone is worried about the front national or the ukip and not about the 5 star moviment which is 10 times more scary and crazy . 
  why all this downvote ? 
  he is right , italy is the second manifacturer in eu , luxury goods are important but is a small part of it . 
  vatican city . 
  and who is paying the money for rescue the tunisian and send him back ? 
  who the fuck care if germany is angry . 
  we are . 
  there is no other way . 
  single europe countries are selfish . 
  italy asked for help for months and nothing has been done . 
  i do n't see any other way . 
   they have called for a change to rules which oblige asylum seekers to remain in the country in which they first arrive . 
  why the hell should they all stay in the country they arrive ? 
  this is so wrong , i hope we send them all in brussels until the selfish up there start do something . 
  it 's full of italian billionaire without any connection to the mafia , especially in the fashion industry . 
  because russia is culturally closer to us than afghanistan/iran/saudi arabia . 
  it was really portuguese , a bit boring but not so bad !, 
  so we should all sing in english ? 
  so boring . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_regions_by_past_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita i know it does n't mean to be the `` leader of europe '' , but i think we were much rich and important in many periods after the roman empire . 
  sure way more than now . 
  yes the polls . 
  and soon ( 16 days ) also in a real election . 
  no need to go so back in the past . 
  and who do you think has any chance to replace him ? 
  his party is at the top , as it has ever been in history . 
  he did n't become pm though bureaucracy , he was democratically elected as leader of the main italian party and he is the most popular politician , by far , in italy . 
  mario monti and enrico letta were two prime minister that reached that spot through bureaucracy . 
  all these factors are related to politics . 
  around 5 % share for the final . 
  we should have a single corporate tax in the eu . 
  uk race to the bottom is damaging the rest of europe . 
  all the other western countries do n't do that . 
  i just hope that valentina win so we can have the next eurovision directly in her house . 
  i can confirm that sleeping on the couch is preferred , but if there is not a couch sure we do n't let someone sleep on the floor . 
  why do you think this debate was better than the debates we have in italy ( for example the last of pd ) ? 
  yeah i mean , why the green leader ( 5th party in the polls ) and not tsipras ( 4th party in the polls ) . 
  did he refuse to go or something else ? 
  unfortunately i think is the same in every country . 
  why keller and not tsipras ? 
  so the money you gave to greece are better than the money that france gave ? 
  let 's all upvote this great argument . 
   i think a center-right eu is best right now though , since it helps keep eurosceptics movements at bay and lets people like the tories at least somewhat build the case for continued eu membership . 
  in the uk . 
  not in italy , grillo is at 30 % and sure a center-right eu is not helping . 
  that will certainly happen , like what happened to mario draghi on german media . 
  it 's part of the game . 
  everything exept juncker . 
  exept merkel needs his votes for put in the commision his man . 
  do you know right that every single bailout was done by all countries ? 
  not only `` the north '' ? 
  france , italy , austria paid exaclty the same as you did . 
  so end this martyrdom . 
  it was the same in italy , esposito or the name of the saint of the day . 
  but it was for abandoned children . 
  for bastards it could be something like `` sun '' or `` coffee '' or `` sea '' . 
  it was not so bad !, 
  you only missed a `` di '' after bisogno . 
  he is behind in the polls so he needs to say stuff like that to get attention , nothing new . 
  i do n't get why the international press still continues to give him all that importance , especially when grillo says so much more crazy things . 
  we have oil , around 10 % of what we use comes from our land . 
  it is in basilicata and in the sea . 
  latin italian french, 
  one is latin , the other is english . 
  not bad . 
  there is only one used word that does n't end with a vowel that i can think and it is `` non '' meaning `` not '' . 
  pizza and panini . 
  the other choice is juncker you know ? 
  i tend to agree with you and anyway you deserve an upvote 'cause the downvote storm arrived without a reason again ( downvote does not mean you do n't agree but that the post is not a contribution to the discussion ) . 
  with around here you mean what exactly ? 
  because in both italy and france this is not the case at all .
