  germany did n't give a shit and built north stream while south stream was not ok . 
  yeah only 140 ... 
  how can you say that ? 
  it does n't seem to me that russia was attacking sweden or poland before the sanctions . 
  ah well if it is dying in denmark it must be the same all around the world . 
  what about them ? 
  they are fewer than tons of other countries . 
  why do n't you ask : and the romanian ? 
  if it is based on perception no doubt italy is ranked that bad . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  what is this huge bail out done in italy ? 
  stop spreading lies based on stereotypes . 
  because we do n't usually start bombing countries in africa and then whine about the refugees that comes from those countries . 
  the two system have nothing in common . 
  should i begin with all the things that happen in italy and , by your logic , should happen in the uk too but they do n't ? 
  he is the most popular leader in italy . 
  still not enough because italians hate all politicians . 
  just think that finland and italy were at the same spot at the beginning ... and look at where we are now . 
  you can have all the pragmatic diplomacy in the world but youca n't do anything if you have a failed state in chaos close to you where tons of migrants come from . 
  france and the uk did n't bomb algeria . 
  they were not . 
  those countries never had high debt . 
  but they are not so hawkish regarding inflation . 
  the problem for southern europe countries is the combination of austerity and deflation . 
  well sure if you only consider the income from the tickets . 
  but it 's a wrong way to measure it . 
  for example , have you considered also the income done by hotels and common people through airbnb ? 
  i know a lot of people that rented their room or apartment during the weekend because of expo . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  worse than expo ? 
  you talk like expo was a failure ... 
  it was not . 
  you could n't even enter without doing 3 hours of queue . 
  how the hell can you consider it a failure . 
  yes but they work west to east , not north to south . 
  do you know that there are countries in the north that receive more money than what they pay and there are countries in the south that pay more than what they receive ? 
  first it 's an invasion and we can not do it . 
  second : why should we face this burden alone ? 
  we did n't cause the problem in africa and this immigration is a problem that the whole eu should face . 
  it 's not that they dream to come in italy . 
  they want to come in europe . 
  lybia was bombed by our lovely neighbors france and the uk . 
  hard to bribe something that has no power . 
  maybe it 's time for a change . 
  i mean , i do n't think that we should have the same power of germany , but more than what we have now considering that we are 60 million people and a net contributor to this union since the birth of it ... 
  he is talking about it since he become prime minister . 
  the other matteo has no chance to become prime minister . 
  there are tons of dictators in africa . 
  they needed to take down just him ? 
  oh right , libya has oil and that oil was not controlled by france and uk . 
  other dictators can continue to do whatever they want . 
  the migration compact proposed by renzi was at least something . 
  the truth is that whatever we propose is gon na be ignored because if it not proposed by germany or france it 's just not considered . 
  i expect a change in the dublin agreement for example . 
  also the problem was created by that idiot of sarkozy so france should at least try to do something . 
  it seems that our pov is totally ignored anyway . 
  wow . 
  so , since italy pays the same funds of the uk , italy has thay power too ? 
  amazing i did n't know !, 
  thinking at the greater good eh ? 
  in italy it 's not like this . 
  probably also in france and germany . 
  so the majority of the eu . 
  it 's not that if something is legal in the uk it means it works like that everywhere . 
  yeah sure estonia . 
  a country that received and still receive tons of money from the eu is going to leave for this . 
  sure . 
  i was not talking only about war . 
  if it would be the other way around just one time ... 
  why ? 
  the only point of it is to help eastern europe countries . 
  not much to gain for us . 
  unfortunately you are right . 
  and there is really no solution for this problem . 
  at that time for a lot of indicator italy was better . 
  for example we had a lower unemployment rate than both germany and finland and also a higher private wealth . 
  ok so you have no idea . 
  all these things are right but they have nothing to do with the monetary policy . 
  before the euro we had all those problems and we were in a better position . 
  do you think that without the euro we would be in a better or worse position ? 
  i do n't know . 
  just curious to hear other opinion, 
  i did n't ask you this . 
  i asked you what would you have done to increase the inflation . 
  because doing nothing was not a solution . 
  maybe this was not the perfect solution but criticize something without providing any solution ( what german media usually do ) is not serious . 
  and italy ? 
  we have a focus on trade and we are the second industrial country in the eu . 
  do you think that the overvaluation of the euro for us is worth it ? 
  what was your brilliant idea to reach the 2 % inflation target ? 
  you can decrease the debt ratio slower and do n't exceed the 6 % rule . 
  in this way you follow both rules . 
  does n't change the fact that it increases the value of the euro . 
  and this affects other eurozone countries . 
  do you think italy is not a catholic country ? 
  you said a bullshit like `` we are the only one of the 28 countries in the eu punished !! 1 ! '', 
  and you want that i provide links ? 
  is it so hard to check on google with keywords like `` aid '' `` eu commision '' `` randomeucountry '' ? 
  here you go : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37eb2136-bf7a-11e5-846f-79b0e3d20eaf.html, 
  just because you are ignorant and do n't know the others does n't mean they do n't exist .
