  a record . 
  same was for monti . 
  when he became prime minister every poll suggested that more than 75 % of the italians were happy about that . 
  but the current narrative is that italy is a dictatorship ruled only by unelected people , 
  we lie ? 
  o_o about what ? 
  and he did n't even put a single photo of florence . 
  because he was in good relations with him , like he still is with putin . 
  yeah sure poland . 
  italy has 4 times the gdp , 3 times the income , 4 times the military power , 20 million more people . 
  italy is a g7 country while poland is not even in the g20 . 
  but ofc poland \u263a, 
  we are at 55 and we do n't even have civil unions . 
  probably at the same level of germany . 
  wtf ? 
  if the avarage italian sell everything and go to live in the usa he will have more money to buy a new house in the us compared to a german . 
  why no way ? 
  we had higher wages than germany for decades . 
  just because in the last 20 years we did everything wrong does n't mean our wealth disappared . 
  if you look at the wealth in 1990 you would discover that we were ahead also of some northern countries . 
  it seems he means the german speaking part . 
  not really . 
  let 's look at china , the biggest country of all the world . 
  what point do you think china experienced ? 
  not more than 2, 
  not possible if you follow the eu law . 
  it 's called single market for a reason . 
  so what can the government do when they go in ireland , luxembourg or another tax haven ? 
  bomb luxembourg to the ground ? 
  italy is a founding member of the eu , it was a protagonist of both world war and all our history is connected with other european countries . 
  they are just extremely ignorant . 
  san marino has $ 45k gdp per capita ( for comparison sweden has 48k ) . 
  it seems rich to me . 
  a good ( not industrial , done with genuine ingredients ) pizza can be healthy, 
  it started in 2011 when france and the uk decided to bomb to the ground lybia and our treaty with gheddaffi was no longer alive . 
  until merkel decided to do something we have been ignored even if we ( with we i mean every single prime minister ) asked for a common european solution . 
  ah the new direct democracy . 
  for what prime minister did you vote ? 
  i agree with you . 
  still it 's not true that germany is the only country trying to lead . 
  also france wants to lead , but they are no longer powerful as 10 years ago . 
  italy is one of the biggest country in the eu . 
  same population of uk or france more or less . 
  there are dozens of oppositions nowadays . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  other countries tried to lead ( renzi for example for some things tried to change direction ) , but if you do n't have the power to do it you just ca n't do it . 
  are you serious ? 
  tell me one thing that happened without german approval . 
  i can tell you dozens of things that happened without italian ( or any little countries ) approval . 
  i would vote berlusconi over grillo . 
  i do n't know what kind of news do you read or watch but i do n't see any news about balotelli since the world cup . 
  news and media = influence, 
  i 'm sorry but you are wrong . 
  the pope is in the news every single day and it 's probably the person with more media coverage in the country ( maybe only renzi is ahead ) . 
  the reason is that italians care about him and the church . 
  not from syria . 
  from north africa yes . 
  anyway feel free to believe that bombing one state that was preventing the departure of the boats and make that state a failed state with a civil war was a good idea . 
  the is is the same . 
  it 's not charity to improve african countries in order to prevent immigration and increase trade between us . 
  well , maybe next time do n't bomb libya , a country that was preventing immigration from there . 
  the second one is false . 
  there are tons of african countries with huge economic growth in the last decade . 
  for the same reason we did it for eastern europe . 
  what was the point to take care of those poor countries ? 
  the answer is the same . 
  do you know that there are tons of things that google adwords ( the platform responsible to more than 90 % of google 's revenue ) allows you to do to privilege android ? 
  or gmail ? 
  or gmaps ? 
  if the price to buy an ad on a device with android is lowered by the algorithm of adwords do n't you think that this is a clear example of market manipulation possible because of their market position ? 
  there 's also an eu law that say that any country is free to have their fiscal policy about the taxes generated in their country . 
  still ireland steal everything from the others . 
  what are you gon na do when we do n't respect that dublin law ? 
  because we are not following it . 
  according to our media , everything that he does is suggested by that one . 
  he walks with his wife ? 
  it 's suggested by him . 
  he goes on tv ? 
  it 's suggested by him . 
  who fucking care of the dublin convention . 
  no it 's not `` their problem '' . 
  you are in an union . 
  you are profiting from it a lot , you do n't cherry pick . 
  if you do n't understand this you should probably read something about it because it is pretty clear that if renzi is gone the next one will be the m5s . 
  spending does n't equivale to power . 
  you can spend money on police or on a missile . 
  it 's different . 
  anyway thx for the data . 
  also san marino is neutral . 
  not so hard being neutral when you are surrounded by a friendly country . 
  berlusconi was a lot of things , but a racist was not one of them . 
  are you so sure that germany has a better army than italy ? 
  did germany had a bigger role in the last two decades in the wars in the middle east than italy ? 
  after france and the uk i 'm not so sure that germany is the next . 
  it exists for them only because they are where they are . 
  if they were in the middle east they could not be neutral . 
  you are so right . 
  it 's like when ireland says they are neutral . 
  you can be neutral only because you have the uk and all the other european countries between you and any possible enemy . 
  easy to be neutral in this situation .
