  do you know how many times germany broke the rules ? 
  first of all the rule of 3 % deficit . 
  we ca n't change the rules because there are countries that do not want to change the rules . 
  the inflation is far away from 2 % . 
  it seems more a german 's dog than a hawk . 
  between rome and paris i would add florence . 
  the problem is not the exports but the lack of imports . 
  so good news . 
  the actual electoral law is unconstitutional since last week so the parliament must create a new one . 
  after that probably a new election will be held . 
  renzi wants a french type of electoral law , with a clear winner . 
  the government wants a proportional law so a grand coalition will be on power forever . 
  berlusconi wants an electoral law without preferences so he can put his slaves on power . 
  beppe grillo wants chaos . 
  the strongest one is renzi . 
  do you really think the election of the leader of the biggest party in italy is irrelevant for europe ? 
  this can lead to the fall of the government and new elections . 
  add that he is the youngest leader since forever . 
  definitely top news, 
  this news is more important than 90 % of the news actually on the front page of europe . 
  so u.s. and japan are crazy ? 
  you are an ignorant . 
  with always you mean what ? 
  because italy was one of the richest country for a lot of time in a lot of different historical periods . 
  five , 3 women and 2 men . 
  no1 of them is in politics . 
  finally, 
  it is not so easy . 
  we are not , but we are , as always , an exeption . 
  if an italian milk producer products too much milk he must pay a special tax . 
  if a spanish company that produces oranges exceeds european standards it must destroy part of the production . 
  do i need to go on ? 
  you are in a economic union , you ca n't do whatever you want ( also if you are doing whatever you want because you are the biggest player ) . 
  so vote monti if you want another center-right . 
  the only way to have a decent center-right is to get rid of b. 
  cmon he is 77 , not 100 + . 
  our last royal family ( before the iiww ) was a disaster . 
  better political leaders . 
  the pronunciation . 
  english spelling is n't completely phonetic , which means that words are n't usually spelled the way they sound . 
  for exemple in italian a -  / a / , e -  / e / and i -  / i / in english : a -  / ei / , e -  / i / and i -  / ai / and the `` th '' , i still ca n't pronounce things like `` through '' . 
  agree . 
  it is the main news everywhere . 
  http://www.repubblica.it/ http://www.corriere.it/ http://www.huffingtonpost.it/ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/ not many comments so far , just a description of the electoral system and the results . 
  france too here, 
  http://incorporateinitaly.wordpress.com/2013/05/07/italys-wealthiest-most-successful-business-people/ 6 bilion, 
  i think they have already been paid after the 2nd sentence ( 520 milion ) , now that the 3rd and final sentence is over ( 500 milion ) berlusconi is going to receive 20milion back . 
  you understand nothing . 
  you are talking like in italy this is normal . 
  well . 
  not . 
  0.00001 % or 0.00002 % of the italian population . 
  no connection at all . 
  it is just a recognition for their achievements . 
  i do n't think they have to be neutral , but i agree it 's mostly a symbolic role , they wo n't even stay in the parliament most of the time . 
  the big point of this move is that now there are no more slot for other ( yes i 'm looking at you mr. 
  life-senator . 
  the truth is all the scientists are anti-berlusconi for an obvious reason : he steadily reduced the funds for research over the last 20 years . 
  the woman actively participated in the bersani 's campaign this year . 
  anyway the 5 permanent senator is a rule that is in force since the birth of the constitution of the italian republic ( 1948 ) . 
  good news !, 
  really ? 
  an article because a politician of a 5000 people town say a stupid thing the guardian do an article about that ? 
  ahahah there are tons of more important news that are happening in italy right now and the focus is about a politician of a ridicolous town with no power at all . 
  sensationalism . 
  he never threat of harming the entire country . 
  only on international sites that understand nothing of italian politics you can read something like that . 
  do you really think a smart man who perfectly knows how the media works and how propaganda works said something like that ? 
  sometimes here on reddit it seems that he is a stupid asshole . 
  well he is an asshole , but not stupid at all . 
  after the sentence he can no longer run for pm . 
  next year the rubygate sentence will comes to an end and he will receive an even more harsh sentence . 
  he is 80 years old . 
  i do n't see him bounce back this time, 
  and like german any other fucking countries in eurozone exept the 4 bailed out . 
  rome does not even cover 10 % of the tourism in italy . 
  both tuscany ( florence/pisa ) and veneto ( venice/verona ) have more tourist . 
  not considering the tourists who come for the sea ( nearly 40 % ) . 
  this map comes every month . 
  no it 's not . 
  here 90 % of the people do n't love mcdonald . 
  casinos in nova goriza, 
  ^ this, 
  i was pissed off after only two rows . 
  he is not italy 's richest man . 
  he is not even in the first 5 . he has not been elected 3 times , but 4 . and this was just the first sentence is it so hard to get the right information before writing an article ? 
  exept berlusconi did not lost power . 
  he is in the government . 
  he is still a billionaire , he still controls the majority of the media . 
  not surely at all . 
  left is at 33 % , right is at 33 % , 5star is at 20 % , center ( monti ) is at 9 % , other 5 % . 
  as you can see , everything can happen . 
  it 's just him . 
  he needs an enemy . 
  this video is ... 
  i ca n't even describe it . 
  he always talks about himself in third person , but this is grotesque . 
  i hope they do some eng sub so you can comment . 
  because a big slice of the democratic party wo n't accept to be in a government with a definitive sentenced for tax fraud . 
  or because the pdl will start the campaign as a martyr and will accellerate with `` forza italia 2.0 '' .
