  last year just in italy two famous companies where fined for the same reason . 
  the opposite of progressive tax . 
  even worse than flat tax . 
  more money you make and less % you will have to pay . 
  what a fucking nightmare . 
  because in the last years this has increased a lot . 
  just in the last two years our biggest company is no longer italian but it 's dutch . 
  ( ofc the production , the ownership , the management and everything else it is not dutch ) . 
  i do n't know if you find this ok , i do n't . 
  ofc you like as it is . 
  you have been and still are a net receiver of money from other eu countries . 
  and that 's not enough , you also do whatever u want and fuck us all with your tax dumping . 
  the problem is that we no longer want a leecher inside . 
  it is a common opinion . 
  it is based also on facts . 
  they clerly are the most organized latin country and since we are a latin country you obviously do some comparisons . 
  this obviously does n't apply to everything . 
  one thing that comes to my mind is that we are clearly a way better manufacturing country . 
  i hear this a lot . 
  but why ? 
  germany is a big country , how is it possible that not a single good and charismatic candidate emerge ? 
  they are so different that i have no idea what 's your point . 
  berlusconi was a really rich and smart guy that wanted to increase his power and did n't give a fuck about the country . 
  the moviment is just crazy . 
  the fact that you do n't even think of italy when in reality the most problematic political election of the next years for the eu will be the italian one is interesting . 
  i think that in some countries the information about what would happen if the 5 star moviment win is lacking . 
  because they do n't speak ? 
  did any woman in burka ever speak to you ? 
  the nederlands . 
  that 's not true . 
  there are tons of big corportaion that do n't do this . 
  it 's full of little countries that have a powerful economy . 
  find another excuse . 
  well , let 's hope that this strategy fail . 
  maybe your country should build their economy based on something else than being a thief from the others . 
  anyway the excuse of being little it 's so ridicolous . 
  look at denmark , they are as little as ireland and their economy is really solid without being a parassite . 
  i hope so . 
  so maybe they should have built their economy on something else than a giant opposite of robin hood . 
  and do n't start with the excuse of being a little country . 
  denmark is as little and ireland and their economy is awesome . 
  why you ca n't do this kind of deals ? 
  because you signed some agreements in which is written that this ca n't be done . 
  next time do n't sign them . 
  why not both ? 
  there are tons of companies that could transfer their headquarter in another country to pay less and they do n't because they think this is not right . 
  to the irish taxpayers ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  so , for example , if ferrari produces 10000 cars in italy and they sell zero of them in ireland , but the taxes on profits are paid in ireland and ferrari evades some of those taxes ... the irish taxpayers are those who have been robbed ? 
  luxembourg was one of the six founding member . 
  same for the netherlands . 
  not much you can do when there is a veto system and these countries can block every reform . 
  did you read his post ? 
  he named a more regressive one . 
  the current one . 
  the others that are not doing this are competing ? 
   ty fuck where a deadbeat , poorly run nation is located . 
  anyone who lobbied to get in the euro in spite of not meeting the criteria is do you really do n't realize that was in everyone interest to have italy inside ? 
  a country that every year pay bilions of euro in net amount and that would have allowered the euro to have a lower value ? 
  ahahah do you think really that only countries in the south did n't respect the rules when joining ? 
  god the stereotypes here are so strong . 
  again with this story ? 
  italy had a debt/gdp ratio of over 100 when the limit was 60 and no one thought of not letting italy enter . 
  there are other factors in play . 
  everyone knows that the numbers of greece were wrong . 
  ok link me something related to the mafia that happened this year in trentino-sudtirol . 
  no i do n't think that it 's only in the south but i think it is mainly in the south . 
  in my region is something that does n't exist at all . 
  yes but it is known and no one post things from bild thinking they are serious stuff . 
  on the other hand with the anglo press some people here actually believe that articles from one country in these newspapers are more serious than articles from the country where the news is about . 
  i would bet any amount of money that the next article from the telegraph talking about italy will be full of crap , wrong numbers , misunderstood of the context and so on . 
  so you think that mafia is everywhere and not mainly in the south ? 
  well ok geox is more than average , but the other brands are not . 
  anyway when i hear expensive italian shoes i think something like tod 's ferragamo not those brands . 
  zara 's shoes at 150 $ ? 
  where ? 
  also the other brands in the list sell shoes at around 70-80 $ . 
  i consider 80 $ an average price for a pair of leather shoes . 
  yeah sure , a pair of prada or gucci shoes is the same of some random h&m or zara shoes . 
  zara , lowa , deichmann , ara , geox , bata and leder & schuh ag are italians ? 
  since when ( except geox ) ? 
  and they are not even expensive shoes . 
  just for curiosity , have you ever listened to a speech done by renzi or rajoy ? 
  because the sentence `` i do n't think anyone is as good at debating as british pms are '' makes me think that they are the only one you have heard . 
  you are an ignorant that probably think that the japanese only build cars , that the swedish only produce furniture and that the french only produce wine . 
  italy is the second overall manufactoring country in the eu . 
  not `` for food '' . 
  the food sector is extremely marginal for italy , in fact we import more food than what we export ( like nearly all advanced economies ) . 
  to think that one of the 10 biggest economy in the world produce only pasta and luxury fashion you must be really naive . 
  italy is the second manufacturing country in the eu . 
  you should read something else than the book of stereotypes . 
  the region of venice is . 
  it 's one of the biggest industrial region in europe . 
  only for foreigners or also for italians ? 
  venice is the capital of veneto , one region with 5 milion people . 
  why should someone from that region pays so much for visit their own city ? 
  the whole history of that region was shaped by the republic of venice . 
  it 's like saying that people from tuscany should pay a punitive tax to enter florence . 
  i thought that was the case everywhere . . do they ask you this kind of questions in the uk ? 
  they can have 0 % tax rates for their companies .
