  also germany 's wolkswagen would get a benefit from changing fiscal residence . 
  so do you want every countries with a low tax rate on big corporations ? 
  common people have to pay more taxes in % than a big corporation ? 
  make impossible to move the hq . 
  the hq should be where the cars are designed and produced . 
  fiat has not a single one factory in the uk . 
  the design and the production are in italy . 
  this is just tax dumping ,, 
  and the taxes , like many other , not only from italy but from everywhere exept ireland , uk , luxembourg . 
  it 's so wrong that i am speechless the eu is ok with it . 
  made in italy . 
  search on google and you will discover how much it is important in fashion and design . 
  and who choose him as the main candidate ? 
  a political decision . 
  it 's france . 
  ofc they will have a big commisioner . 
  western europe care, 
  you just need a simple majority . 
  i knew it was a romance language , but it is way more similar than french and maybe even spanish . 
  it seems to read italian . 
  did n't know the language was so close !, 
  not so hard for you norway !, 
  i lived in germany for 6 months , saw that only one time and it was not even a german , but a scandinavian ( i think sweden ) . 
  i agree with you , just pointing that b does n't always escapes , in fact he was expelled from the senate , he can no longer hold public roles and he is doing community service 'cause was found guilty . 
  stimulus programs the norm ? 
  do we live in the same eu ? 
  the us , japan , uk did stimulus programs , sure as hell not the eu . 
  the current italian prime minister is ( strangely ) in favor of strong reforms , he just does n't have a majority 'cause our political system ( in contrast to the french one ) is built to be weak . 
  there is a little problem , our prime minister does n't have a majority in the parliament . 
  he would like to go to elections ( 'cause he would end up with 40 % + versus the second party at 15 % ) , but he ca n't . 
  we do n't have an electoral law . 
  renzi is trying to make a new one but , as you can imagine , the other parties do not want to pass a law that will lead to a vote . 
  so , as usual , chaos . 
  we have the same problems ( probably even more than them ) . 
  and still yesterday obama in his conference call was with hollande/merkel/camerun / renzi . 
  i think the reasons is the economic power and that spain is not a founder of the eu , but joined relatively late the eu and that spain is not in the g7 . 
  like any big country . 
  little countries do n't dub movies 'cause it 's economically unsustainable . 
  exept france is not the one deciding in the last years . 
  you really do n't after these years and the massive media campaign by 4/5 political parties ? 
  it 's too hard . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsqf1piycoj849l7aj7m5pblwt_syidfhevy1z0qxxmrsry6vxb ) . . but probably i will change next season . 
  ten years ago germany had more unemployment than france or italy ... it 's not that germany is in a perma-golden age . 
  it 's mostly 'cause they steal from neighbours using tax dumping on big companies . 
  thank you for your explanation . 
  i guess every system has its strengths and weaknesses . 
  just look putin 's face . 
  so is possible that a party with 25 % get no seat at all ? 
  how can a new party emerge with this system ? 
  do the people like this system ? 
  how much % do you need to get at least 1 member ? 
  is it possibile to have 10 % of the votes and not a single member ? 
  everyone is in favor of the internal market , that 's just a 100 % benefit . 
  you ca n't just have only that . 
  so we are all crazy to want it if it is useless ? 
  still do n't understand why using the north stream is good and using the south is bad . 
  and austria wants it too , but i dont see any `` omg austria is pro russia '' and anyway i really do n't understand ehy the south stream is evil and the north stream is good . 
  can you explain me ? 
  pro russian in what ? 
  the only thing she said `` pro '' russia is about the south stream , something that all countries where the south stream pass are in favour of ( italy , austria etc ) . 
  it seems a weak reason to me . 
  why spain and portugal are in red ? 
  i really doubt they opposite more than german and france . 
  why ? 
  'cause as a fm of italy some months ago said that italy is in favor of the south stream ? 
  can you understand that there is no north africa state ? 
  80 % are coming from lybia , a country in chaos without a government . 
  80,000 illegal migrants and we are only in july . 
  more than 150.000 will come before the end of the year . 
  and next year probably even more . 
  i really do n't understand how the eu think we can handle this alone . 
  greece is a unique situation . 
  the austerity was applied in many other countries , not the uk with his huge deficit , still the uk is the country with the best results . 
  in greece no , in italy/irekand/spain yes . 
  saying that italy could only do austerity is a lie . 
  and this obsession with low inflation ( actually deflation ) by the ecb ( the target is 2 % , not 0 % ) is damaging the counties with high debt . 
  buy it from latin america . 
  you do n't need them after the shale gas boom . 
  drop them . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's being realistic . 
  why should france lose so much when you do n't want to risk anything ? 
  is it for france ? 
  when you are in recession with a record unemployment are you sure the main threat is russia ? 
  i think france should continue selling them until the eu as a whole take the burden . 
  aahahahhahah yes grillo and berlusconi are so much bettrr in english ( or anything else ) . 
  you are so naive . 
  his speech was in italian , that was just a little part where he tried to tell the story of [ antonio meucci ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonio_meucci ) , probably it was a moment of relax after the real speech . 
  italy spend 1.6 germany 1.4 uk and france 2.3 the problem is that there is no integration . 
  what did they get ? 
  some loan ? 
  wow !!, 
  so generous from the eu !, 
  never , he is banned from any public job for 20 years . 
  italy has a primary surplus since forever . 
  it 's useless when you have to pay billions of interests . 
  italy at least has an industry , greece unfortunatly not . 
  there are only 3 ways to fix greece : ecb starts qe and the inflation grow a lot ( not possible ) . 
  the eu understand that the greeks paid enough and forgive part of the debt like was done to germany after ww2 ( not going to happen ) china buy greece . 
   create domestic pressure on putin .
