  why again sarkozy ? 
  do n't you have another one from ump/republicains ? 
  no pride at all . 
  just bored of this storytelling where it seems that germany is paying 100 % of greece 's debt and the other countries are just looking . 
  yeah only german taxpayers !!!, 
  the poor german taxpayers !!, 
  only them !, 
  all the world versus the german taxpayers . 
  guess what ? 
  also italian/french/finnish / spanish and so on taxpayers paid for greece . 
  the cars are still built in italy . 
  the brand is still sold as italian . 
  the workers are still italian . 
  the business environment ( the thing we are discussing ) is still italian . 
  yeah cause ferrari , maserati and lamborghini comes from the moon . 
  do you know that italy is the second manufacturing country in the eu ? 
  and do you know that all around the world a lot of italian products are associated to expensive luxury stuff ? 
  these lazy italians . 
  they paid more 'cause they are more . 
  the per capita numbers say a different story . 
  as much as all the other taxpayers , from france , from finland , from italy , from spain , from belgium and so on . 
  is 1 $ from a german more important than 1 $ from a french ? 
  yeah 'cause what a country in south africa would do is so important . 
  you send them there with teleport . 
  renzi said a lot of things in the past month . 
  if your media ignore him it 's not his fault . 
  not to mention spain , i doubt that your newspapers would report what rajoy say regardless of what position he would take . 
  considering the poll only 13 % of germans think it was too harsh . 
  i do n't know what else these people want . 
  if you do the same poll in france you will find a way higher numbers in support of both questions . 
  same for a lot of other eurozone countries . 
  france and germany have the same amount of credits per capita so no , common lukas does n't have a big solidarity . 
  refugee camp where ? 
  do you really think the problem will be in sweden ? 
  sweden can just stop accepting refugees , we ca n't . 
  it 's unbelivable how little spain is considered in the eu . 
  i know italy does n't have big influence either but spain is really insignificant considering his numbers . 
  i hope it will change in the future . 
  oh cmon everyone knew that they were over 60 % debt/gdp . 
  it was not a `` real '' rule or even italy would n't be in ( and we never cooked anything , our debt was crystal clear ) . 
  they are the biggest just 'cause they are more . 
  per capita numbers say another thing . 
  they did compete with italy for decades for example . 
  or with the us . 
  well , it 's anyway only some countries . 
  all european countries have credit versus greece since the credits are owned by eu institutions now . 
  the numbers are also nearly the same per capita ( andreas from germany or michel from france would lose the same ) so i really do n't get why it is such impossible for some of them to understand that the greece 's debt is unsustainable . 
  we have solidarity with eastern europe every single year with permanent trasnfers . 
  no we did n't help them twice before or they woulnd ' t be in a worse situation than 5 years ago . 
  if that was `` help '' we are really bad . 
  sure as hell not in this way . 
  and all the decisions are n't done by the eu or the european parliament . 
  but by another country . 
  and that matters because if the country does n't have the resources to manage them , they will just pass without any check . 
  italy talks about solidarity all the time and it has never been on the receiver side . 
  not a single time in the whole crysis . 
  same for france . 
  what 's the point in a poll that show sweden and denmark ? 
  they are not even in the eurozone . 
  and finland ? 
  it 's 5 milion . 
  no poll on italy-spain-poland ( 150 milion ) ? 
  it 's just a joke that poll . 
  france is 10 times a better leader than germany . 
  we are lucky than in 20 years the population numbers will be reverse and germany will no longer be the most populated country in the eu . 
  balanced ?? 
  germany is breaking the rules of his surplus for more than a decade . 
  do n't be ridicolous . 
  finally someone that undertand this . 
  it 's not only marine lepen in france ( she will never get the presidency 'cause of the electoral law ) . 
  how can italy or france do the same ? 
  a french , a german and an italian are creditor in the same way of greece . 
  the debt is owned by eu institutions . 
  and do n't you think greece is extremely important geopolitically speaking ? 
  it 's from there that the majority of refugees come from . 
  it 's from there that china 's goods come from . 
  and so on . 
  it would n't be charity save greece , but political ideology is more important it seems . 
  he did a few examples . 
  you did n't . 
  italian is the 4th most studied language in the world . 
  maybe it 's more interesting that what you think . 
  i agree overall , but the languages ? 
  that 's ridicolous , it 's not that the french are better and anyway it 's not really something that should matter . 
  [ gdp north south ] ( http://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=0cacqjrw&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.geocurrents.info%2fgeonotes%2felection-returns-and-economic-development-in-italy&amp;ei=j3wiva-gm4feu7wzj8gl&amp;bvm=bv.97653015,d.bgg&amp;psig=afqjcnhhbkbal0hsetiybqdofzjoqzqvga&amp;ust=1436796684800029 ), 
  in italy in 1 year he did more reforms than the last 2 governments ( 5 years each ) but ok . no action at all !!, 
  you can say you do n't like him , you do n't like what he is doing and so on , but no action ? 
  lol, 
  if you are talking about a fiscal union ( taxes ) it 's those countries that are blocking it . 
  if you are talking about permanent transfers it 's more about germany/finland/netherlands . 
  in every single matter about the eu in the last 2 years he acted as a left wing man without any doubt . 
  it 's not greece the one blocking a stronger fiscal union . 
  it 's ireland/luxemboug/netherlands , and less austria/belgium . 
  if it is supported by 90 % of the population of the eurozone i think it 's ok . 
  but they can reach us 'cause they depart from libya . 
  the uk bombed lybia 4 years ago . 
  judgments from the uk , the country who created that mess in lybia and has created the conditions to the departures . 
  why do you think it would be weird ? 
  because germany is a country with 80 milion people and have power in the eurozone . 
  the 3 northern countries in the poll do n't ( 2 of them are not even in the eurozone and are irrelevant to this issue ) .
