  the democratic party imploded yesterday . 
  pierluigi bersani ( the leader ) has resigned . 
  the party is fragmented and is collapsing in the pools . 
  hope is not enough , we need a miracle . 
  the outcome is a re-election for the first time in the history of italy of the last president : giorgio napolitano . 
  this is the result of the implosion of the democratic party which lead to the resignation of pierluigi bersani after a chain of epic fail decisions . 
  this means that if election are held soon , berlusconi would be the 1st party and the 5starmoviment the 2nd . 
  because if i open a company in italy i have to pay way more taxed than what i have to pay if i open the same company in germany ( or in my case living at the border , in austria ) . 
  and this taxes i have to pay are not a compensation of better services . 
  another reason is that if i want to open a company and i need a loan , italian banks ask nearly a 60 % bigger interest rate . 
  another reason is that my country gave out money to help other countries and is seen by german media like it is receiving money . 
  and in the end because i always see germany complain about everything , while i do n't see france complain so much for helping other countries . 
  ( they are paying nearly the same per capita ) . 
  italy did not break any rules . 
  the higher dept/gdp was in the sunlight . 
  break the rules mean fake the budgets and the numbers . 
  germany and not only their cancellor wanted italy inside the european union for many reason : they were one of the 5 founder of the union , they were the 2nd industrial and 3rd economy of the eurozone , history , etc. 
  this is just doing an exeption to one rule . 
  an exeption agreed by many contries . 
  not falsify some numbers in the shadows . 
  no bailout or neither lend from any country to italy ... until now in fact italy gave money to help spain and greence . 
  it 's true , we have some excellent sectors , but the whole small/medium enterprises are collapsing because of high taxes , so the unemployment rises , the state must provide for the unemployed , so the state increases the taxes and so on . 
  we are in a recessive spiral . 
  do you know right that germany is not the only one that is paying ? 
  do you know that also france/netherlands/austria and italy too is paying ? 
  because i know that germany 's media would like to pass the message that you are the unfairly affected , but you are not the only at all . 
  but you are the first whiner , that 's true . 
  i do n't know who are the poorest . 
  i just know that both germans and italians lent a massive amount of $ to greece & co. but only the germans are seen as those who pay in the whole eurozone . 
  like it 's only german bilions . 
  do you know france/italy/netherlands / etc will pay too ? 
  and the haircut was only for the german ? 
  no it was for france/austria/italy / netherlands/belgium etc. 
  so stop saying the german are the only one paying . 
  really stop this bullshit . 
  they are dying . 
  they do n't have money to do anything . 
  do you ever see a documentary about greece in the last year ?? 
  how the hell can you say take some responsability ? 
  about merkel , she put her election above anything else , painting a hitler 's face is not soincomprehensible . 
  only in the north people pay taxes ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and seems you are really brainwashed 'cause you have no idea of who is paying greece 's debt . 
  if that wo n't work monti 's government will continue 'till october when there will be election , 
  you are just the one that want impose his way to cyprus and others . 
  i 'm not seeing french imposing their way like you are doing . 
  you have no idea how much germany is gaining using a weaker currency like $ instead of his deutsche mark . 
  ahah like 20 years ago the situation was the same . 
  that `` ever was '' is really a joke . 
  you should take a look at some charts . 
  do you really thing corruption is the whole reason about what is happening ? 
  do you have any idea how many countries are corrupted and are doing well ? 
  corruption is a big problem , but it is not at all the only reason this is happening . 
  and tell me , what people can do when whatever they vote , the real economic decision will be made in brussels ? 
  do you know right that the germans are not paying for anyone ? 
  they just lent some money to spain/greece/portugal . 
  because it 's the germany the one that is dictating the european monetary economy . 
  a monetary economy that does not follow the interests of the individual states , but the interests of the strongest one . 
  italy in the last year did more reforms than in the last 10 years . 
  italy is the only pigs that did not received any real aid from other states, 
  yes , ferrero is still owned by him . 
  he refused nestle 's offer . 
  he is not the 2nd neither . 
  ferrero , delvecchio ( luxottica ) , prada , armani , benetton are all richer than berlusconi . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe . 
  he would just pay the imposes, 
  do they live in italy ? 
  everything right exept the fact that pd must be a part of the alliance cause they have one chamber . 
  it is . 
  but i really do n't see any other way if m5s do n't want to support pd and pd do n't want the support of pdl . 
  monti is still the prime minister also in this moment . 
  the only solutions if bersani ca n't obtain a majority in the senate are : - a `` monti prorogatio '' until we can vote again ( 6months ) - no government until we can vote again ( 6months ) the first one is like to punch the italians that clearly do not want him at all . 
  the second one is a disaster . 
  he will always keep 20 % if he continue to control the media . 
  only 20 % for a men controlling so much power is a miracle . 
  do you really believe that austerity is the only economic policy option ? 
  yes i mean like that . 
  that was wrong , and this is wrong too . 
  so you first do a fiscal union and then the euro . 
  ofc it was not a newspaper . 
  it was from the leader of spd steinbrueck , the one who will challange merkel . 
  it 's like hollande insults merkel or obama . 
  so let them split if this is what they want !, 
  so he got kicked out and is ok . 
  if we kick out monti we are `` childlike refusal to acknowledge reality '' ? 
  and i 'm sure that if the austerity measures were imposed by another state you would have reacted differently, 
  yeah i mean what the markets wants . 
  the stability . 
  why should we continue the austerity when it is such a fail ? 
  with intelligent you mean vote the one european union and wall street want ? 
  ahahahah i 'm pretty sure you did n't even read the article, 
  with this electorate law grillo can take control of one chamber , the other ( senate ) will always be ungovernable . 
  you are really wrong . 
  bersani took 29 % and 5starm moviment took 26 % . 
  only 3 points and m5s would have taken the control of one chamber . 
  next time monti will take even less , he is out and his votes will spread on all the other parties . 
  he is hoping to win a mojority in the next elections , and he could do it . 
  there is only one thing sure : mario monti is out the game . 
  no , fratelli d'italia is not a fascist party .
