  nice stance . 
  your media wants to sell so they feed you with what you want to hear . 
  i can still remember the arci-federalist juncker nonsense that only uk media were writing about . 
  next time something big happen try to read the same news from a german , a french , a spanish and an italian source . 
  you will suddenly realize how much your media are biased . 
  can you name a single country in the world that went from nothing to gay adoptions ? 
  we will have civil unions this or next year . 
  after 10 years we will have gay marriage . 
  after another 10 years we will have adoptions . 
  it 's unbelivable really . 
  all the time the same question . 
  denmark does n't matter . 
  you have an opt out so you ca n't decide anything about immigration policies of the eu . 
  where are you from ? 
  plz tell me you are from germany . 
  if your country did n't bomb to the ground libya , they could n't depart from there . 
   we 're too globalised , interconnected . 
  if country x prints money , then country y and z can do the same and the exchange rates essentially stay the same . 
  so do you think that , for example , if portugal would n't be in the eurozone and start to prints money the other countries would follow ? 
  do you think the us , japan , russia , china would change their monetary policies 'cause portugal is printing money ? 
  we really do n't ( anyway not so much ) . 
  i have no idea how did they take this data . 
  ireland always had a lower gdp per capita , lower income . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  it 's probably 'cause we have the biggest guilt , we are geographically located in the south . 
  we are confident about our language , the majority of us think it 's the most beautiful language in the world . 
  we also realize it 's useless outsize italy ( and a piece of switzerland ) . 
  how can this be possible ? 
  ireland asked a bailout ( also with italian money ) . 
  italy never did . 
  we pay them and we are the i ? 
  i totally agree with you . 
  they lost the 2006 world cup final versus us . 
  is n't it enough to forgive them ? 
  we are the second european trading partner of russia , ahead of france and the uk . 
  we are in the worst crisis since wwii . 
  your country , like mine and all the others ( at least the major one ) knew that greece was not ready . 
  do you really think greece could hide his situation to all of us ? 
  and also the other 16 eurozone countries . 
  i 'm sorry to destroy your dream that only 3 countries participated in those bailouts . 
  italy was libya 's first trading partner . 
  do you think italy could just ignore what was happening and let france and the uk manage the after war ? 
  it is . 
  like nearly all the region . 
  you can have influence . 
  the uk could send ships here . 
  in fact the uk already did . 
  italy decided to join an intervention decided by another group of countries . 
  it 's different . 
  italy participated also in the afghanistan war . 
  does it make italy responsible for the start of the war ? 
  probably ( maybe i 'm just naive ) france would be more willing to implement these kind of things . 
  so your country should have read some treaties before join in the eu . 
  nowhere is written that the eu is only a tariff free zone . 
  the eu was born as a political project . 
  our problem ? 
  yeah right 'cause it was italy the one that decided to bomb to the ground libya to allow those people to cross the mediterrean . 
  i think you are right , it is english . 
  it 's false . 
  not everyone in the ep knows english . 
  still more than 70 % of the words of your language comes from latin . 
  til genoa is in spain . 
  when you work with an indian , a brasilian , a japanese or even an american you suddenly realize how much a lot of us have in common . 
  it seems so . 
  after 2008 we are no longer western . 
  it really does n't seem so now . 
  yeah so ask them to do it in 72 hours was necessary . 
  all eurozone countries helped greece in proportion to their population . 
  drop your ego . 
  sell every single thing is unnecessary . 
  it 's a humiliation that does n't solve anything . 
  demand that all this things must be approved by the greek parliament in 3 days !, 
  ( when these reforms are so big that to do them efficiently you need years ) . 
  there are some little countries that just do whatever germany do 'cause they have too high interests to not go against germany . 
  if tomorrow germany completely changed approach , they would too . 
  it is called sphere of influence . 
  until 5 years ago we were a western country , now we are a southern country , next year we will be a balkan country . 
  go study something about how our institutions work . 
  all eurozone countries are creditors , not only germany . 
  not always . 
  still insane . 
  for the same reason of gay civil union ( around 70 % too ) . 
  the vatican . 
  lampedusa ( italy ) , lesbos ( greece ) . 
  probably even ventimiglia ( border between france and italy ) . 
  i like that i can read opinions of people all over europe . 
  a lot of times i discover new things . 
  i do not like the fact that all articles posted are from uk media . 
  if you read the same story from a german , a french and an italian site you feel the different point of view . 
  we here always read them from the uk perspective ( a lot of times full of stereotypes ) . 
  you can see this also with the calais problem , which is 100 times less intense than other places but it concerns the uk and so it gets more attention than it deserves . 
  so why italy was one of the richest countries in the worlds for decades just 20-30 years ago ? 
  i assure you that my country was corrupted also 30 years ago . 
  why lol ? 
  those are rules decided by mastricht , a european treaty . 
  they have nothing to do with markets/investors and so on . 
  in fact nowhere in the world there are these rules . 
  you are german . 
  you do n't print money . 
  so go out and stop boring all of us with this endless drama .
