well , at least sweden is rearming . 
  for the first time since the cold war the military has gotten more funding instead of getting it cut . 
  well , i do n't want to paint the devil on the wall here ( does that swedish expression even work in english , `` m\u00e5la j\u00e4vulen p\u00e5 v\u00e4ggen '' ? ), 
  but i see a lot of resemblance with putin and hitler . 
  it does n't hapen over night , but there are a lot of similarities in how tehy have managed their countries . 
  hitler rose to power about a decade after germany was dealt a crushing defeat in wwi . 
  the economy was in shambles , discontent was large amongst the population . 
  hitler gave the germans pride in their nationality , speaking of a german people , a german state , a people above the rest . 
  he successfully managed to give himself more power than he was supposed to have , and more or less managed to make himself nothing short of a dictator . 
  putin rose to power about a decade after the sovjet union collapsed . 
  russia was a relatively poor country who had lost their identity . 
  he has built up a strong nationalistic pride , and almost made himself a dictator . 
  by appointing his puppet medvedev as president for a few years he managed to bypass the constitution that would otherwise not allow him to remain in office . 
  when nazi germany overtook austria , and subsequently czechoslovakia they did so by claiming that since the people living there ( well not all of czechoslovakia , but parts of it ) were ethnic germans , and they should belong to germany . 
  slowly they started reducing the civil rights of parts of the population , enforcing a certain passport etc for jews . 
  this year russia overtook parts of ukraine and justified this by claiming they were protecting the ethnic russian population in crimea . 
  they also sent out a warning to other states claiming that `` they would protect ethnic russians in other nations as well if need be '' . 
  they have started reducing rights for parts of the population by introducing anti-gay laws , and prohibiting demonstrations . 
  long before the war ever started germany was building up their armies and preparing for war . 
  this is one of the reasons the european union started to begin with . 
  it was started as the coal and steel union . 
  officially this was to `` share the natural resources and eliminating the need for waring over them . '', 
  unofficially this also mean that the countries could monitor the activities of the other nations and how they used their resources , which would send red flags whenever another nation was arming up . 
  russia has lately invested tons of money into their military . 
  they have become very active around their boarders , and bombers have been practicing bombruns towards other nations in the baltic area . 
  violation of swedish airspace has been confirmed on several occasions and last week what was most likely a russian submarine was spotted in the archipelago outside of stockholm . 
  to me , the direction of the putin led russia is most alarming . 
  we can already see that the russians have a logic that is in the end very different from the western one . 
  russia seems to think they can scare their neighbours into submission , forcing them away from nato ( in the case of sweden at least ) but the natural response from the swedes threatened by an aggressive neighbour is to approach nato more actively ( for the first time ever more swedes are supporting sweden abandoning their neutrality to join nato according to recent polls . ), 
  i am afraid that putin wont change his course . 
  i am afraid of that he thinks that sooner or later everyone has to submit to him and russia . 
  he is playing a very high game . 
  he knows nobody wants straight out war , and he believes that this would allow him to further expand russias borders into say finland , or the baltic states . 
  ukraine is already on the verge of succumbing . 
  the worst part is that he is probably wrong . 
  nato/the invaded states will bite back much faster than he realizes , and this will force him into a corner . 
  he can back off or he can fight back . 
  backing off would to the west seem like the best option for everyone . 
  it would seem like the logical thing to do . 
  the problem is that the russian way ( call it macho culture ) sees that as an unacceptable way out . 
  putin ca n't back off . 
  when you talk the talk , you have to walk the walk . 
  and this walk leads down a very very dark road . 
  well , you 're kind of like a sibling . 
  we fight , we scream at each other , but in the end of the day we love each other . 
  also , i 'm from gothenburg , and you guys gave us ( ifk g\u00f6teborg ) guys like lasse vibe , so we ca n't dislike you now , 
  well , actually it 's not satw , even though that comic is pretty good too . 
  it 's about balls ... if that helps anything at all . 
  well that one was just a joke . 
  as i said , i purposely left the baltics grey as i do n't know enough about them . 
  but there is a comic i read frequently , that you 're not supposed to talk about on reddit outside of their own subreddit , but it focuses on satire about nations , and estonia in particular always want to join the nordic countries and keeps claiming swedish heritage in this comic . 
  i have no idea of if there 's any truth to it at all , but i was kind of referencing to it . 
  well , i ca n't say much about the baltics ( which is why i left them out ) . 
  well , the estonians seem pretty introvert , but they used to belong to sweden so maybe that 's why ? 
  at any rate , i can not say that i have ever experienced poles as introverted . 
  you base that on what ? 
  and what did i say ? 
  i specifically said that i think it is a cultural thing . 
  i mean , i 've worked as a pilot for 6 years , i 've travelled the world , and i am not the kind of person who likes new cultures and experiencing new things . 
  yes , of course , there are good things in all cultures , but fact remains , the russians , the serbs , the turks , the polish that i have met in my life , in their home countries , in sweden or in other countries have more often than not behaved in a way that i have perceived as `` bad '' . 
  specially the russians . 
  if there are one people i could do without it is the russians . 
  they cut in lines , they are loud , they impose themselves on others . 
  but i would never go as far as to say that i hate a certain people . 
  i do after all think that was the point of this post right ? 
  how does / r/europe percieve the rest of europe ? 
  well i guess . 
  think it is a cultural thing . 
  for example , us swedes have a rather introvert culture . 
  you are not supposed to make noise , you should mind your own things etc. 
  i always feel that slavic cultures ( russians and serbs in particular ) are the exact opposite of swedish ( or scandinavian ) culture . 
  where we try to maka as little noise as possible , avoid getting attention etc , slavic people want to make noise , want to be seen , want the attention . 
  the things that are considered `` bad '' social behavior here seems encouraged there . 
  well , i 'm only doing the countries i have visited , and it 's based on how i perceived the population there while i was there . 
   sure but it would be also missing the good old days when britain was world superpower , but not missing the fact that it became superpower by colonizing and exploiting something like 3/4 of the world that said , i 'd like to argue for that russia would not have todays economic standing without having been a far more liberal country a decade ago . 
   one of the reasons norway is not in eu - and norway actually has only two ( one if we want to speak honestly ) cities to build/invest into ( unlike russia ) - not literally but you get my point makes me wonder which two cities you are talking about . 
  in sweden for example , it 's quite easy to speak of 3 cities ( stockholm , g\u00f6teborg and malm\u00f6 ) which are far bigger than the rest of the cities . 
  in norway on the other hand , it 's more difficult . 
  while bergen is the second largest city after oslo , stavanger for example is not that much smaller in terms of the metropolitan area . 
  and to ad to this , stavanger is the centre for the norwegian oil industry , which begs the question , can norway afford not to invest their oil money heavily in their oil capital stavanger . 
  and if we include stavanger , trondheim is only marginally smaller than stavanger . 
  i 'd rather see it as that we let the danes have that one . 
  to show their loyalty , and boost their otherwise poor self-esteem . 
  we ca n't save the day every day . 
  fact of the matter is that the armed forces were heavily critizised a few months ago when russia were penetrating swedish airspace doing `` military drills '' . 
  some people suggest that the russian `` drills '' looked an awful lot like attack training directed at stockholm . 
  anyhow . 
  the armed forces were critizised because at that time there were no fighters available . 
  in fact , the danes ended up being the ones who intercepted the russian fighters , under a nato flag . 
  yeah , but 80 % of the population lives in cities ... 
  i 'd say this list is rather inaccurate . 
  what really convinces me of this is their statistic for japan . 
  it says that 53 % of the japanese population is proficient in english and i know this is just bull crap . 
  i 've been there a few times , and my experience is that a strong majority of the population ca n't even distinguish between `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  in comparison it says that `` only '' 68 percent of the swedish population is proficient in english , and i think that is low , considering how many people are `` proficient '' in japan . 
  while not all swedes are fluent in english , everyone studies it , and most people can at least carry out simple short conversations . 
  in contradiction to many others i actually agree that it 's hard to buy alcohol here . 
  systembolaget has a monopoly on alcohol here , and most of their stores are open 10-18/19 ( depends on which store ) on weekdays , and 10-15 on saturdays . 
  completely closed on sundays , all nation over . 
  so yeah , i 'd say it 's pretty hard to get alcohol here .
