happy independence day latvia !, 
  that 's nothing but post-fact soviet propaganda , and you would do well to stop spreading it . 
  ussr 's objective was annexation , as evidenced by molotov-ribbentrop and terijoki government among others . 
   do n't hesitate to contact us if you want to be violated further . 
  it also discounts the molotov-ribbentrop pact which clearly shows the intended results . 
  yeah , that 's why finland voluntarily joined the craddle of nations in the loving embrace of mother russia that was the ussr . 
  and the only reason we chose to rise to the surface in the first place is that the russians stopped coming to the lakes . 
  ha , that 's a good one . 
  yeah , me too . 
  tons of small bistros and pubs ? 
  that 's where i ate when i was in paris . 
  they were n't all that cheap but several were infact around 5 $ for a meal . 
  considering the theme of the series was the challenges and hardships of our history and overcoming them , it was not weird at all . 
  civil war certainly counts as both a challenge and a hardship . 
  as usual though , people started bitching without bothering to check the whole story . 
  finland here . 
  i 'd of course like to make more money , especially since my wage is already shitty , but i do think the high taxes are definately worth it . 
  our current government has cut a lot and looks to continue like that for the rest of their term which is n't very nice , but the education , healtcare and roads for example are ( for now ) still free , and i know i wo n't die because i ca n't afford to go to the hospital , or be made destitute if i go anyway , and i wo n't be in debt for decades due to getting a degree , so it 's worth it . 
  hell , i broke my ankle pretty badly in february and had to get surgery , stay a week in the hospital and then had two months of sick leave before returning to work . 
  pretty sure if i lived in us for example , i 'd a ) now be so deep in debt that i 'd be paying it off for years if not a decade , and b ) very possibly unemployed due to not being able to work for two months . 
  well worth the taxes . 
  `` we have '', 
  i 'd say they 're wrong . 
  if we 're going by strictly geographical definition then there is no europe * or * asia , only * eurasia * . 
  and if culture is taken into account then it 's fair to separate the continent into europe and asia . 
  in either case saying europe was an asian peninsula is incorrect . 
  could be . 
  many of the `` special '' flavours are , iirc . 
  it 's good , altough not as good as jaffa which is the finnish equivivalent . 
  there 's several levels of power between kekkonen and the largely ceremonial precidency we have now though . 
  as for getting rid of a bad prime minister ... we never do though , now do we ? 
  when they feel like they 've done enough damage they just scurry off to some cozy retirement office and hand the keys to their usually equally shit replacement . 
  that 's a good point . 
  it 's probably easier to just pick up new customers when you drop off old ones in tallinn than in helsinki . 
  yeah . 
  one of the more notorious ones that were banned was `` kiinari '' ( kiinanpommi , china bomb ) . 
  the bigger ones were known to burst steel pipe if detonated inside . 
  i think we went too far in the parliamentary direction when the constitution was last amended . 
  presidential powers should be enlargened again . 
  the president is directly voted in by the people , the prime minister is not . 
  scandinavian countries/people could absolutely unite . 
  same for german speaking countries , etc. 
  it 's not something i have any real opinion on though , seeing as they do n't affect us . 
  as for the identity , would the finnic identity necessarily need to be stronger than the finnish or estonian identity though ? 
  there 's different levels of identity and i think it would n't matter if the `` regional '' ( finnish , estonian , etc. ), 
  identity was the dominant one as long as the `` national '' ( finnic ) one exists aswell . 
  it 'd be similar to how people identify with their homeplace in addition to identifying with their country . 
  they compliment each other . 
  i meant that the summer is the only time they 'd be usable , so they 're likely not worth it . 
  i know i 'm a bit old fashioned on this but i 'd absolutely support finnish-estonian union . 
  we are one people , even if we have several languages . 
  all baltic finns should unite to form one nation and one country . 
  that is to say , colder in the colder half ? 
  when the difference actually matters ? 
  obviously it 's gradual , but atleast in my experience ( anecdotal , i know , but bear with me ) helsinki * is * noticeably colder than tallinn . 
  could be . 
  estonia is actually noticeably warmer than finland too though , despite being just a bit south of us . 
  west finland is definately closer to sweden than east finland is . 
  i have to say though , despite our similarities with sweden we 're still more removed from the rest than they are from each other . 
  well now that you mention it ... 
  makes sense . 
  i 'm sure someone from lapland would feel less connected with estonians than i do too , being from the south . 
  or drowned in slush . 
  yeah , i remember those . 
  they did n't last long . 
  netherlands could 've been put to northern europe aswell . 
  i did n't realise danes and dutch feel connected though ( i knew both of them connected with germans , but not that they did with each other aswell ) . 
  you 're likely correct . 
  culturally we are the odd man out in the nordics really , and personally i feel culturally closest of all to estonians ( even though we do n't share the defining experience of soviet occupation ) . 
  latvians are n't that close , but i included latvia due to it 's ties to estonia , historical connection to sweden , and the fact that they 're lutheran . 
  i 'm not religious myself , but i think lutheranism has had a notable impact on the cultures of the countries where it 's majority , and that 's something that 's common to all the countries i put in northern europe ( also the north germans , but in my opinion germany as a whole is more central than northern ) . 
  in western europe uk and france are the keys really ( but geography does play a part too , obviously ) . 
  it might be just a differing point of view but to me especially ireland and france are deeply connected to uk both historically and culturally . 
  netherlands is connected aswell , but to a lesser degree . 
  belgium is deeply connected to both france and netherlands . 
  apologies for breaking up the family . 
  i feel like slovakia belongs more firmly in the central europe due to being part of a west slavic group along with poland and czech republic . 
  hungary could also be put in central europe ( deep ties to austria , czech republic , slovakia and slovenia in that group for example ) , but i put it in eastern europe partly because in my opinion the hungarian plain forms an continuum with ukraine . 
  nope . 
  would only be useable quarter of the year or so . 
  northern europe : finland , sweden , norway , iceland , denmark , estonia , latvia western europe : uk , ireland , france , netherlands , belgium central europe : germany , poland , czech republic , slovakia , lithuania , austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , luxembourg , slovenia eastern europe : ukraine , belarus , russia , hungary , bulgaria , romania , moldova balkans : croatia , bosnia , serbia , montenegro , fyrom , kosovo , albania southern europe : spain , portugal , andorra , monaco , greece , italy , san marino , malta , vatican , cyprus caucasus : georgia , armenia , azerbaidjan ( physically in europe , but not culturally ) . 
  some are a bit more fluid than others , and depending on how you think about it , netherlands could go to northern europe , portugal could go to western europe , greece could go to balkans , bulgaria could go to either balkans or southern europe and hungary could go to central europe . 
  edit : question is about opinions . 
  opinions were given . 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  it may be a generalisation , but i 've never met even one rude or loud asian here ( except for chinese tourists , but since this is about immigrants i 'm not counting them ) , and it seems to me that they also universally learn the language . 
  in my experience asians also tend to be hard working ( i 'll also mention wellfare , since i know some people put stock in it - i work for the local government , and part of that is working with people on wellfare . 
  the biggest demographics in group that are finns , arabs , russians , and somalis . 
  in contrast , i do n't remember meeting a single east-asian wellfare recipient . ), 
  basically , east-asians integrate very well and contribute to the society . 
  and i do n't mean that other groups of immigrants were bad ( that 'd be a gross generalisation ) , but they do have noticeably more people either causing problems , or needing assistance from the society . 
  given that a ) it 's one more language to learn and everyone learns english anyway , and b ) it 'd probably be based on indo-european languages , not really . 
  also nevalainen ( nevan ) . 
  it 's worth noting thought that the cap pictured here is specifically the swedish-finnish cap . 
  the majority get the finnish speakers cap which is slightly shallower , a bit less conical , and has smaller cockade ( and differently coloured inner lining , but that 's not visible on the photo ) . 
  well , ours actually split in two yesterday . 
  the racist wing of true finns managed to coup the party in the party congress last week , which led to over half of their mp 's ( including the former chairman and all of their ministers ) to quit the parliamentary group and form a new one of their own . 
  cold water . 
  the pay . 
  for the most part the job is okay , but the salary is crap .
