hurray for effective moderation !, 
  i guess , i do n't see the mods much in comments . 
  what do you think ? 
  public opinion pole , adviceanimals would have a field day . 
  he 's desperate not to lose the next election , he 'll say anything to get people to vote for him . 
  if he fails then he wo n't be leader of anything next year . 
  it 's particularly strange for the uk as we tend to have about 65 % turnout for general elections , voter apathy had been a big issue recently . 
  it says something about the french language that nobody here can agree as to whether the name is a homage to jews or a threat to them . 
  here 's a [ maltese bus ] ( http://www.maltashipphotos.com/e/eby-636%20thames%20bus%20@%20zabbar%20-%2003.08.2009.jpg ) . 
  i 've never missed seatbelts as much as i did that week . 
  you guys and your petty little national -- hey wait !, 
  france . 
  what are you doing all the way up there !, 
  did you surrender to the concept of employment ? 
  need us to come and resue you again ? 
  we have this [ in the uk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xha1tmfz94m ) too , i had no idea it was a franchise . 
  wait , chinese people were booing russians ? 
  then he complains about there being confetti in his wine . 
  how do they expect him to survive the rest of eurovision without his bearable juice . 
  reminds me of an episode of 30 rock where they make a vague charity drive clip that they can play within minutes of any disaster happening . 
  the pole is just below greece . 
  where italy and malta are i have no idea . 
  i 've never heard about this before , is there a wikipedia page you could link me to . 
  i imagine he 'd do it with a shirt on . 
  just to see what it feels like . 
  are you suggesting that cameron * did n't * learn latin at school ? 
  i do n't know why i thought this would be an election separate from the one for the ep which we already have , for all the enthusiasm i have for the eu i still struggle to understand their structure . 
  ( edit : though i realise now it 's not the ep president that they vote for . 
  i assume we 'll be sticking with the party list system we currently have in england . 
  i 'm envious of those who get stv , party list seems much less proportional when the parliament get to vote on a president , but i guess that does n't matter much if they are essentially just a speaker . 
  thanks for clearing that up for me . 
  i have 2 concerns . 
  what voting system are we going to be given for this election and is this going to create the kind of unstable government that america 's congress and executive have when they 're run by different parties ? 
  cold !, 
  he 's like the tim berners-lee of stag-dos and binge drinking . 
  if i remember correctly italy took some scientists to court last year because their earthquake ` predictions ' supposedly misled people in to believing they were safe . 
  has this got anything to do with that , have the italian media raised a connection ? 
  i 'm still neutral on whether intervention is a good idea or might be inevitable , frankly the whole thing is far too complicated for me to grasp , but going to war to impress a more powerful nation sounds like the epitome of a bad argument . 
  i guess you ca n't expect anything more than that from the sun . 
  and he 's running for ny mayor too . 
  at the moment , perhaps , but in 10-15 years i could imagine that they 'll have a lot of data showing that computers are much less likely to cause an accident than humans . 
  an accident will only become less dangerous when there are more automated cars involved , i think having some guy decide to go manual and navigate it himself is just going to create more issues . 
  it 's more likely that a driver will have control taken away when an accident happens on the road . 
  heard this a few days ago , recommended after playing man of constant sorrow . 
  sounded great . 
  krishnan guru-murphy for king !, 
  went for russia , their government have been dicks recently . 
  feel bad for russians though , i think russians are nice . 
  i saw that dash cam footage from a few months back and all those people were nice . 
  despite being neutral in wwii the uk used the alliance to set up bases along the portuguese coast . 
  portugal was considered pro-fascist at the time . 
  actually i was wrong , the bus was found in the antarctic , it was a wwii bomber they claimed was on the moon . 
  i suspect the reason it was n't there the next time they looked was because a [ soup dragon ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3rwghgsm4y ) had eaten it . 
  sounds like the star , or the sport , whichever one claimed that they found a double-decker bus on the moon . 
  based on this data alone i say we offer bhutan entry to the eu next . 
  sure they do n't have an economy but they could show malta how to run a country , let alone italy or greece . 
  i had no idea it was a scottish thing . 
  makes sense i guess , there is little which has n't been fried in a scottish chippy . 
  you 're clogging arteries all over the country now . 
  i ca n't recall having tiger bread with a sweet spread , always used it with savoury things . 
  the crusts are pretty great on a cheese and pickle sandwich . 
  honestly , i do n't drink much tea . 
  i had a mug of earl grey while eurovision was on but on average i probably drink one cup a month . 
  ok , but do n't start drinking tea . 
  he said that he thought it 's difficult to make a show like this funny and that the host was doing a good job . 
  btw , queuing . 
  hands off , that 's our thing !, 
  nobody else is allowed to enjoy the mundanity of a good queue . 
  what is this ? 
  what size and type of house do you and your family live in ? 
  back home where it belongs , right ? 
  that 's how i felt riding the old ones . 
  i have to assume it is either the roads or the drivers which make it feel like riding a bull on an ice rink . 
  i was expecting a bluer punchline . 
  maybe that 's the french ? 
  you should see the queuing . 
  what is the significance to the changes to denmark 's freedom of information act ? 
  ie , what kind of transparency does the current law allow which will be removed , has it been hidden in some larger act which has reduced its controversy ? 
  i do n't know any eu specific podcasts , but i 've listened to a couple of worldwide news discussion shows and they often involve european matters . 
  world have your say is a show run by bbc world service , they get listeners and guests to call in from all around the world and discuss a specific story . 
  i see the most recent episode was about germany & the eurozone . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/whys the phileas club , hosted by patrick beja . 
  unfortunately it ended last july so it 's hardly relevant but it was very informative and mostly avoided professional journalists . 
  they discuss lots of subjects and each guest describes a story which may not have been reported in the other guests countries . 
  http://frenchspin.com/en/site/phileas/ they 're both in english . 
  how much of that was credit or debt ? 
  i do n't see enough maps which split europe in to sub-national regions , anyone got any more ? 
  there 's no shortage of people who can translate maltese to english . 
  '' * the eurobarometer states that 100 % of the population speak maltese . 
  also , 88 % of the population speak english , 66 % speak italian , and 17 % speak french . 
  [ 103 ] this widespread knowledge of second languages makes malta one of the most multi-lingual countries in the european union . 
  workguilt is an interesting thing . 
  i do n't think guilt should be encouraged in any form , but i understand why people feel like they should work , and i understand why people get angry if they feel like others do n't pull their weight . 
  the first thing i thought of reading this post was a comment piece i read on cif last year . 
  i think it explains how these are increasingly outdated ideals supported by both the people who profit from the work and the people who make a living doing it . 
  i know the main lobbying forces will be military contractors and police forces , but i hope future laws leave scope for innovation and broader access to aircraft . 
  we certainly talk about that a lot in britain , i did n't think of it as a nordic trait though . 
  is it still regarded as highly in denmark and sweden as it is in the uk and estonia ? 
   a kick to the balls that 's no way to greet the queen . 
  i do n't know the details , but there have been white pedophile rings who were n't brought to justice .
