  i 'm just pointing out what i see in my country , maybe it 's a special case but looking at this subreddit , people tend to always deffend usa in any matter . 
  no , i do n't mean those kind of shows , i mean historically biased shows and the exaltation of ` murican heroes ( which are normally badass assasins and ultranationalists by the way ... ) . 
  that 's propaganda , not entertainment . 
  respecting communism , it 's not the only leftist ideology aswell as capitalism is n't the only rightist one . 
  both are the very extremisms of the political expectrum , being a dictatorship the authoritarism and anarchy the liberalism . 
  by the way , i have more money in my pocket right now than the us federal reserve . 
  that 's the problem of capitalism , when one falls , the others do aswell . 
  i did n't mean nazi tv shows , i meant nazi propaganda in general , maybe even north korean propaganda . 
  by the way ... have you played videogames such as battlefield , cod , halo ... ? 
  just look at the storyline , let 's say for example , of battlefield 2 . 
  that 's just obnoxiously racist and degrading . 
  here in spain there are people who really think they would rather have been borned on the us ... where there 's no free education , sanity , police is corrupted as fuck , a kid can shoot a gun , a guy can kill other guy and not only not go to jail but be rewarded for it , and getting a house is a life-long debt with the bank . 
  i 'm not a conspiracy theorist , i look at history and see what they did . 
  they did wrong and keep doing wrong , there 's nothing bad about pointing it out . 
  while i agree in most of your comment , you could consider america an historical enemy of germany , since they actually fought them . 
  what i mean is that american propaganda has been leaking to western 's society since the end of wwii . 
  when you watch tv , there are lots of imported tv shows and films , which are more propper of the nazi germany than a democratic country . 
  i did n't realize this until a few years ago , but once you look at things from that perspective , it can not be unseen . 
  the western society is slowly accepting american values as its own , like owning weapons without restrictions , demonizing other political systems other than capitalism and ultranationalism ( always towards the usa , not your country ) aswell as historical us enemies , such as germany and russia ( i know people who think germany is still nazi and russia communist ) , exalting the american history ( indian genocide [ westerns ] , atomic bombardment [ japan ] ... ) in short , if you look at it from a more critique point of view , you 'll understand what they 're doing . 
  who is really the propagandist here ? 
  i mean , try an experiment : get up and look around the place you 're at the moment . 
  look for any german/russian/spanish / french word or product . 
  nothing ? 
  now look for english words or american products . 
  now , turn on the tv and look at the news/ads . 
  look for american stuff or self justification on international matters . 
  do this every day and try to look at history thinking every country is innocent until they do something despicable , you 'll see who is the wrong one here . 
  oh for fucks sake you do believe nato is n't controlled by the us ? 
  i mean , not legally , but practically . 
  what a completely neutral article written by not-at-all biased sources , it 's nice to see that this is becoming a trend amongst press and media lately . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ - sarcasm_off -, 
  i would blame obama as much as putin or even more . 
  what would you do if the first war superpower put missile launchers and military bases all around your border , with enough capability to send nukes to every city in your country ? 
  welcome to coldwarii ( srsl tho can we refer to it as cwii ? ), 
  sorry , did n't mean to offend . 
  but we like you :( even after all the wars and conflicts and stuff ... we like you ... as daniel said , we see you like our little brothers , sons of the roman empire , successful explorers and colonizers , you have a great culture and language , your food is awesome ... 
  quoting carlos i of spain and v of the holy roman empire , `` i speak german with the soldiers , italian with the friends , french with the women ( lovers ) and english with the dogs . 
  spanish ? 
  in spanish i speak with god . '', 
  you know they are commies , right ? 
  it 's not the usa 's `` republicanism '' ... 
  and what 's the definition of the cold war again ? 
  i 'd not say russia is so weak , considering they have more and better nuclear arsenal than the usa ( and yes , i 'm refering to those supersonic , self dividing nuclear missiles that can successfully penetrate all of the usa defenses ), 
  so if they accidentally shot a torpedo to an american submarine , would n't they counter attack ? 
  and i mean ... 
  it 's not like you 're trying to soften relations ... 
  placing all of those nato military bases on the border of russia ... 
  here in spain we do n't have enough specialized centers and resources to treat several persons with ebola , imagine a dog . 
  the nurse agreed , and the dog was sacrificed . 
  he could be carrier of the virus even if he did n't have symptoms or if the blood did n't show anything . 
  i would n't risk to a spread through europe , would you ? 
  that 's a dumb comment and you should delete it before anyone else sees it . 
  anyways , i 'm preety sure you would want to cuddle him and let him lick your face after he was in contact with the infected nurse ... would n't you ? 
  you win this time ... 
  do n't blame them for killing it , the dog was a real threat . 
  the nurse infected with ebola cured . 
  so you 're telling me the cold war rules do n't apply with the us and russia nowadays ? 
  sooo ... 
  if it is considered a war , we are still on that war . 
  you did n't `` win '' , he may be as crazy as obama , but he 's right in some aspects ... 
  the cold war `` never ended '' , no peace treaty was signed ... and technically , we are still in the cold war ... what would happen if an american/russian accidental attack happened ? 
  like a submarine firing missiles because of the other not identifying ? 
  who does n't love putin ? 
  it was his decission to not be an absolutist king and give democracy to spain . 
  i vote in blank because no party fits me and what does n't fit me does n't fit me at all . 
  he 's been representing spain and keeping the president from wasting his time on merely symbological matters since then , and has brought democracy to spain , removing the francoist government from the base and renouncing to almost all of his power . 
  still , i would n't like a republican spain either . 
  franco got to the power because alfonso xiii was n't there to stop him . 
  fortunately , tejero did n't because of juan carlos i. 
  well , i did that test ... 
  wait i 'll find it ... 
  here !, 
  http://www.politicalcompass.org/test/en and i got authoritarian leftist ( both values close to the center ) . 
  maybe it 's just because of the usa 's standard for left and right but ... yeah . 
  i 'd never trust so much in anyone . 
  it 's like saying pp is what people want it to be . 
  i also do n't like his terminology , it 's like listening to hitler refering to the `` master race '' , marx refering to the `` bourgeoisie '' or obama refering to the `` terrorists '' . 
  i watch la sexta , cuatro , antena 3 and tve news everyday ( not at the same time of course lol ) , i 'd want to think i have a preety neutral view of the country . 
  plus , i 'm leftist . 
  pablo iglesias declared himself as republican and communist . 
  correction , `` pseudo-communism '' . 
  that socialism had a marxist bias . 
  anyways , my bad . 
  but we all know communism would never work on a `` capitalist '' country such as spain , it 's just a huge difference that could tear the country apart . 
  second republic, 
  i hope not d : i do n't want communism in spain ... again . 
  i still do n't know if that 's the right translation . 
  it looks like we already know who is going to win the next elections ... 
  gib clay back !, 
  cuz normally people judge my opinion basing on my name , and i 'm sick of that . 
  hey , i 'm against it , not socially aislated from the world . 
  there 's a reality and you have to accept it even if you 're against it . 
  chinese is the language of business , russian is the language of tech and french is the language of art . 
  some people do in spain , even when here there 's a gun kill every decade aprox . 
  russia is not the devil , usa has been showing them to the world as such but they are even more pacific than the states . 
  do little kids deserve to be droned in their houses in 3rd world countries ? 
  what i can do , trying to show people that this is not globalization but anglification . 
  why are we speaking english in first place ? , it 's not the most spoken or natively spoken language in the world . 
  why do some people even accept as normal that people can own guns and shot people without getting punished legally ? 
  that russia is the devil and countries with oil are terrorists ?
