  i do n't think russia is the real enemy of the world right now . 
  usa is . 
  yay i 'm safe !, 
  how could you ? 
  you 're almost kebabs already :p ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ do n'tkillmeplox . jpg, 
  well i 've been to cascais some years ago and it was basically the same , both countries have problems in that matter . 
  anyways , when i visit a country i expect people to not understand my language or any other . 
  you would n't expect chinese people to speak perfect german , for example , would you ? 
  let 's stop with this `` anglification '' of the world . 
  there are languages spoken by more people and in more countries . 
  i 'd never trust cnn in serious news . 
  they 're only carrion birds whose only purpose is to get more people to see their adds or to manipulate them . 
  omg you 're the first one to dislike spain ... how not ... 
  but we like you !, 
  after all of the wars and brazil and ... and ... :'(, 
  i thought norwegians were more clever than this . 
  the virus is mutating , what if the dog is infected ? 
  or what if he could transmit the virus but is not affected by it ? 
  it 's a threat and the nurse agreed to sacrifice him as a preventive measure . 
  but she 's fat, 
  is it free ? 
  until what age/school step ? 
  a shame that the obama one was fake : /, 
  he 's some unique president , 
  i think you did n't get it . 
  gibraltar is a fiscal paradise . 
  i think corrupt politicians are a priority . 
  what i meant is that if their economy falls , their government falls , and of course , all the preventive measures that it could take against ebola would not be applied , dooming everyone in the country not just to anarchism and hunger , but to the disease itself . 
  it 'd fuck their economy , dooming everyone in the country . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  we need the system where politics do n't have all the power for four years and every important law is voted by the citizens instead of the parliament . 
  in a parallel universe in which scotland became independent a month ago , they would have gone bankrupt and catalonia 's secessionism would have calmed . 
  in this universe , the vote for the union served them as an argument to make the referendum , by saying that they might vote no . 
  if we ever change the constitution , we need the swiss democratic system ... 
  i want to believe that at least we 'll get a completely capable and prepared generation ... 
  if they do n't work , at least they keep studying ... 
  look at any of his speeches , he has a special terminology for his beliefs ( `` the casta '' , among others ) . 
  he 's declared himself communist , republican and ultra-leftist . 
  i do n't trust him to lead spain for 4 years . 
  have you seen his youtube channel , la tuerka ? 
  it 's like watching a marx speech !, 
  i hate this guy . 
  he 's an extremist , i do n't want spain to become cuba or venezuela :(, 
  am i the only one who thinks this will be the next bubonic plague ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  can we remove sweden from world ? 
  i answer to your comment because i want to know why you think my comment is silly . 
  they are two scary superpowers with so much power in their hands and have done terrible things throughout their history . 
  they 've turned countries into civil wars ( vietnam , iraq , ukraine ... ) just to extend their power over the world , instead of solving their shit the classical way and not fucking other countries up . 
  am i silly because i do n't want my country to ally a party of a potential wwiii and stay neutral ? 
  because i do n't want europe to experience again a terrible war ? 
  the usa has been damaging other countries since its creation , never helping but making allies . 
  russia is the only one even trying to stop them from erradicating all the culture and traditions in the world ( do you live outside of the uk ? 
  look at everything around you and tell me there is n't any english word or any american product . 
  i 'm sure you wo n't be able to walk on the street for 10 minutes and not find any of that ) . 
  that 's not globalization , that 's specifically americanization . 
  they should have paid their debts with society a long time ago , if germany did after the wwi and ii , why did n't ` murica pay for their war crimes too ? 
  as i said , it 's not the same . 
  spain would be hurt if catalonia secedes , aswell as catalonia itself . 
  it would also be hurt if they contamine the environment and damage the tourism . 
  i 'm sincerely happy to hear that . 
  i want the nato to disolve , eu to be neutral and usa to be alone in this . 
  no more countries having civil wars because of them , no more cold war fear , just a classical mainland war . 
  they do n't want to because : 1 - it would probably damage the ecosystem ( beaches ) , which is the sustent of 99 % of canarians . 
  2 - ` murica would invent some reason to invade them and get the oilz . 
  not the same , oil exploration would damage the tourism on the region ( the only sustent of 99 % of canarians ), 
  seriously ? 
  i thought nothing was planned . 
  anyways , let me fix that `` will '' with a `` would '' ... 
  no need to be pejorative . 
  that 's the estelada , not the senyera . 
  it 's the flag of independent catalonia . 
  do n't you see his flag ? 
  yes , you do . 
  the sovereignity of the spanish nation lies on the whole spanish people . 
  let me ask you something : if catalonia seceded and separatist movements were created , would you let catalonia divide in a hundred tiny little countries ? 
  imagine barcelona divided in 2 different countries , just that . 
  would you be ok with their right of self-determination ? 
  would you be ok with a catalunya divided like that ? 
  would it be good for everyone ? 
  for anyone ? 
  want democracy ? 
  change the constitution . 
  want to be independent ? 
  change the constitution . 
  if you violate the constitution , actions will be taken ( by the way , artur mas is with the noose around his neck right now , he 'll probably be in jail for more than a decade ) what i meant was n't that the independence of america was a bad thing , what i said is that helping them on their independence was bad for the spanish empire as a whole , that 's a fact . 
  i 'm not the brainwashed here . 
  i 'm realist , and independence will hurt spain and will hurt catalonia . 
  they became a communist dictatorship . 
  they started to lose their identity . 
  see filipinas ? 
  they were mass murdered and are almost a 3rd world country . 
  see mexico ? 
  the fact there are people risking their lifes to jump the border does n't tell you anything ? 
  you 're comparing your independence to other countries , but that 's not always a good example . 
  a good example is to compare it to any of the spanish colonies , since it 's from spain from who they 're seceding . 
  want to protect your language and culture ? 
  what 's the problem , you ca n't speak it ? 
  do someone shoot you if you speak euskera or catalonian ? 
  not even in the franco 's dictatorship your language was prohibited !,
