  well ... 
  it 's not official ... but what about the tercios anthem ? 
  or that attempt to give the anthem a letter back in 2008 ? 
  ( yes i 'm avoiding to talk about the franco 's anthem , which was n't created by franco , btw ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wamkb6qgyms - the tercios anthem , it 's not old at all , but it 's beautiful and epic . 
  i just hope you do the right thing ... 
  i 'm not saying reforming the estatut , but the constitution so that the estatut reform is n't `` ridiculized '' . 
  the psoe is offering a constitution reform , why not take the chance ? 
  i understand that your language is being oppressed , aswell as some other things ... 
  i think if the secession is at any moment about to happen , the pp/psoe/whatever party there is at that moment will offer whatever you want . 
  in that precise moment , i just hope the catalan people will stop and accept that opportunity before making a historical decission as such . 
  i still do n't know what you mean with the second part, 
  `` my major is not in that area '' `` is n't going about it the wrong way though ? '', 
  ( you can simply say that in catalonian ), 
  i do n't know what you mean, 
  well i can assure you they * are * scared of you becoming independent . 
  you can definitely play with that in your favor . 
  i meant spain itself . 
  it was founded on the union of two relatively weak kingdoms : castile and aragon . 
  those reconquered the whole peninsule and defeated the muslim invasor . 
  then , after the fall of granada , colon 's expedition was funded by the catholic monarchs and spain conquered america . 
  it was the first world power for three centuries . 
  what happened ? 
  well , i could write a whole thesis about it , but let 's just resume it : the english . 
  they created the black legend , encouraged the different viceroyalties to sepparate from spain , promote the unexistent hate and be weaker . 
  that 's why the usa is the first world power now . 
  they defeated the mexican empire , but they would have had no chance against the whole spanish empire . 
  yeah , that might sound antiquated and not relevant to the xxi century , but ... well , just look at any recent secession . 
  the ussr , yugoslavia , * the `` gran colombia '' * , occidental sahara ... 
  this is what happens when two countries divide , they think they can do better by themselves but the reality is that they just mess up things and become weaker . 
  no exception . 
  ( the usa is a special case , those were thirteen colonies together with the support of france , portugal and spain against the uk ) revolutions , however ... 
  nobody in the rest of spain ( except for some galicians and basques ) want that to happen . 
  we have seen the fall of a first world power because of separation , that just weakens us all and makes our life status be worse . 
  it 's better to change the things the good way . 
  their only option against the movement itself is to reform the constitution and the estatut . 
  the economy is a plus , but that 's the base for independentists . 
  because the generalitat ( government of catalonia ) is the one who `` counts '' the votes . 
  the result will be altered anyway . 
  just if the constitution was reformed . 
  and in that event , why not to change the things that make the catalonians feel oppressed instead of weakening us all ? 
  considering you are the cradle of hispanity , and all the people who died trying to build what we have now ... 
  this just ... makes me sad . 
  so sad . 
  why does n't it surprise me ? 
  gib back shit rectangle , rightful spanish clay, 
  why ? 
  i could n't find the pirate confederation 's paper :(, 
  he was making a statement , i made the opposite . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  [ fixed ] ( http://about:blank ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  why do you care so much about a tiny little village ? 
  how much of a hypocrite must you be to call me that ? 
  [ here you go , i hope i 'm not way too late ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wklgvhd.jpg ), 
  you wish, 
  you should n't link a video in the first place , maybe an article with sources and stuff . 
  i could link you to a paranoid alien conspiracy video , but not because of that you 'd believe it right ? 
  now i 'm not saying all of the info on the video is fake , but it 's more than obviously lacking objective points of view ... 
  i mean , you ca n't possibly be trying to deny the fact that it 's propaganda ... 
  that 's what they want , the only way to convince a majority of people to secede and the international opinion is to be martires , their self-victimism is the only thing that keeps them from being deported or in jail . 
  if they do n't stop them , there 's at least a chance a civil war will ocurr , in which case the army would have to occupy the region and they 'd get what they want . 
  there 's no easy way to stop this shit because sociology . 
   links to junts pel s\u00ed video ... 
  i 'm betting ciudadanos will win this campaign considering how things are going . 
  nah opposing the derogation of the gag law would take away all of their votes . 
  only if he needs it or wants to , it 's not really necessary . 
  that 's what i meant , he might kinda understand catalan enough to get what some signs or text says , and living there for a year or two should be enough for him to understand it and maybe even start speaking a bit . 
  i just checked the five first pages and almost if not all your comments are about that . 
  si alguien la tiene m\u00e1s corta eres t\u00fa :p i meant if he already knew spanish on an advanced `` can hold a fluid conversation using appropriate terminology '' kind of way . 
  at least my post history is n't ** completely ** full of it and although he 'll be missing on some stuff , catalonian is preety understandable if you speak castilian . 
  give him a year or two and he 'll understand most words . 
  we 've discussed this before , you preety much only appear on reddit whenever there 's something involving catalonia , spain or independence of it . 
  yes i am , and although it 's * interesting * to see a foreigner speaking catalan it 's not necessary at all . 
  from my experience big cities like tarragona , lleida , barcelona , etc , where you 'd expect to see ( european ) foreigners speak spanish fluently and most people do so on a daily basis as a lingua mater . 
  i suppose it 's not going to be a problem after the whole s\u00e1nchez thing , rajoy will probably be elected now that most of the psoe is voting abstention . 
   said the known catalan nationalist with the independentist flair preety much every catalonian speaks castilian aswell , do n't bother if you are n't going to work in a very remote village . 
  zapatero won a few consecutive elections and pushed as much of the gender ideology agenda as possible on a country that just got out of a dictatorship and aznar 's shitty leadership . 
  we really changed a lot in a decade . 
  not really , it 's mostly farmland . 
  [ just take a look at any desertic looking area and you 'll see it 's wheat or out of season crops ] ( https://www.google.es/maps/@39.817075,-3.1218343,903922m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=es ), 
  i kinda figured :p, 
  so let them be one nation !, 
  so much for democracy and the will of the people , it only works with independentists apparently . 
  no it was n't . 
  i guess we were n't on the same contest after all then . 
  if they included the white anglosphere they 'd have to acknowledge not every country the uk put step on was successful . 
  also i think the whole anglosphere should stop using the acronym `` e.t.a. '', 
  as it 's associated with a terrorist group in spain . 
  then again the sagrada familia is absolutely huge and incredibly complex . 
  also there kinda was a civil war inbetween . 
  but seriously though , i hate it when all the media focuses on something , it keeps me from hearing other stories that might interest me . 
  i am okay with this . 
  imagine the benefits of having russia 's gdp and a direct border with china and japan ? 
  plus you could theoretically go from alaska to europe in a few hours by boat . 
  that 's what your `` race '' is called at least here . 
  the only responsibles for the far right gaining momentum all over the world is the far left . 
  i am latino . 
  by lowering the hdi, 
  not only that but the main party considered to be their successors are absolutely supportive of them , and those against it do n't last long . 
  but we are n't talking about the basque country , we are talking about navarre , and except for the two guys who support euskal herria over there , it 's a preety conservative region . 
  yes , i agree people who attack others by whatever reason other than self-defense or a legitimate reason ( like stopping a robbery or a rapist ) should be held responsible for their actions .
