after 100 hours of europa universalis 3 i can name more extinct countries than existing countries . 
  did n't even know something like this exists . 
  this is totally surprising ... not . 
  i 'm not british , but i would go to a british centralised site that blocks americans . 
  what is the cause of this protest and what are you trying to accomplish by it , first time hearing about bulgarian protests . 
  as if we did n't hate the americans enough . 
  they occupied half of cyprus , they have jailed the most journalists , we have a lot of words from turkish . 
  i though men of war was made in russia . 
  i 'm pretty sure the number of italians leaving would be replaced by immigrants . 
  so you mean the whites are the same as blacks and yellows ? 
  stolen . 
  mostly from illegal activity , from begging to organized crime . 
  i noticed one that had a green euro sing . 
  me neither , i did n't knew there was a georgia state . 
  i was wondering why americans post so much about georgia . 
  every time i turn on the radio they give us some warning about not travelling to malaysia . 
  than why do i have a cousin working in uk ? 
  but it feels so badass to do the roman salute , it sucks that it got ruined by the nazis and the winners of ww2 . 
  did i say it was anything else ? 
  seriously ? 
  a life ban for the roman salute ? 
  wtf is wrong with this world ? 
  it 's hard to read everything on that type of graph and i did n't expect russia to be that low . 
  our family got biscuits too , but our total income is more than the average . 
  weird . 
  and no russia . 
  romania - land of the romans . 
  just because there are fewer gay bars in transylvania it does n't mean the people are less open to gay people . 
  not all romania is the same , transylvania is more like yellow and maybe even green . 
  i 've had a bisexual friend in satu mare , transylvania everyone was friend with him , if you find the right people no one gives a fuck if you are gay or not . 
  using `` soccer '' on / r/europe ... wtf ? 
  should i change my opinion from what you said here that i already knew because i wo n't . 
  why is there nothing patriotic about that ? 
  most romanians i know are proud of our history for fighting the communists while they do n't even mention and other are disgusted about our history when the soviets forced us to switch sides . 
  it sucks that there are no patriotic songs about the eastern front . 
  it 's quite the opposite for me . 
  german is my favourite and russian is my least favourite . 
  why ? 
  could n't they just eat them ? 
  that would be hugely useful in romania , it 's like a dog invasion in most cities here . 
  romania had secret police and former communists rule the country since the '89 revolution and it 's not way too bad to live here . 
  well you are brothers since bavaria is germany, 
  russia today ? 
  really ? 
  i though you were at war with russia over the origin of vodka, 
  only now did you realize ? 
  the more you go to east the more corrupt it gets . 
  i would give him 100 upvotes if i could, 
  * gypsy, 
  i 'd upvote you , but you called them `` roma '' so no upvote for you . 
  no , you dumb shit . 
  i just said i want to live enough to see the history and witness the fall of a great empire/country , like other falled before . 
  so what has this got to to with the fall of the usa ? 
  * decades old things . 
  haha, 
  turkey is n't europe . 
  europeans would n't terrorize and kill minorities , cough cough kurds . 
  * apeshit islamists * , like turks are n't that, 
  damn turks, 
  i bought a pack for 5 lei . . 
  good, 
  in romania, 
  so he 's practically a romanian, 
  i actually do n't mind these abusive traffickers . . 
  they are economical migrants . 
  if they want a safe place , try settling in greece , macedonia , where they travel trough . 
  oh you little sensible flower . . 
  what 's the problem with exterminating slavs and gypsies ? 
  yea but we need 'em, 
  the sad thing is that they target drug dealers . . 
  i though it was more, 
  was n't br\u00e2nz\u0103 of dacian origin ? 
  i was expecting them to make it on the kurdish zones . 
  expected, 
  what 's wrong with anschluss ? 
  in romania , the german occupation was awesome , both of my grandmothers told me that they usually gave her sugar cubes and sweets to her and her family , which they never tasted before . 
  same for romania, 
  voievod means king in romanian . 
  actually i notived from the start that moldovan looks familiar, 
  well , he 's right, 
  also romania about terrorism ( 43 % ) even though no one would bomb romania . 
  yes , i would argue even b1 , maybe 2 . 
  what 's wrong with austria then ? 
  from what i 've seen , very few women did drugs , so that might bring the stats down . 
  obviously a lot of them lie , 100 % of my male friends did drugs but if asked probly less than 40 % would tell the truth, 
  i do n't know , i have heard that eu people can get in easier than cipriots and turks . 
  maybe that 's why it felt se relaxed for me . 
  lol ? 
  i got inside in like 2 minutes . 
  i entered the turkish side only by showing my id and when i got out they didn ; t even bother to check my bags or anything, 
  cyprus from what i heard, 
  if you actually read history , he did n't actually had a choice . 
  and he did n't kill a lot of innocent people , he did n't even enact the final solution in proper romania . 
  yeah , it really shows . 
  if you actually read about him , he was a actually a really good leader at that time . 
  sad day for italy, 
  by way poorer you mean [ 2 % and 8 % poorer ] ( http://www.analizeeconomice.ro/2016/11/care-erau-diferentele-de-dezvoltare_28.html ) ? 
  how is quality of life calculated ? 
  i ca n't imagine any scenario where georgia us is better than belgium or about half of other european countries, 
  was n't aware of that,
