  i get the feeling you 've lost some arguments with people about the role of america 's economic size in the war or something , and now to rationalize your judgmental bullshit you made this strawman of americans thinking our army was somehow the only one fighting the nazis, 
  she meant she 's single-handedly invading poland, 
  run for office or get involved in a local party machine or something ? 
  you 're the type of person the world needs involved , at times like this where there 's nobody to vote for ( and when there are people to vote for , to ensure it stays that way ), 
   left-wingers in america despise any criticism of her because she was the opposition to trump . 
  reasonably informed indeed . 
  what a sad truth . 
  if only they realized she was n't the `` opposition '' so much as the primary driving force behind him getting elected . 
  agreed about bernie though . 
  he had the power to become an independent president and really shake things up in this past election ; it looks like his desired outcomes are a little closer to the status quo than a lot of us imagined voting for him . 
  ca n't say about corbyn because i do n't know nearly as much about him , but if you 're right , it 's a shame seeing it 's not just america whose left political wing is in complete shambles . 
  then again , the uk 's political climate is pretty different and maybe corbyn 's a better fit for your country than a true lefty would be ... just hard to believe he is indeed a great candidate if he 's allowing his supporters to oppose free speech in the uk . 
  no , his joke about having large hands was a response to the mockery . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  as an american , it 's incredibly depressing to see a far-right conservative like hillary being listed alongside corbyn and bernie by reasonably informed foreigners . 
  of course , that 's why i supported trump after volunteering and voting for bernie in the primaries . 
  have you ever actually seeked out the most well-sourced hard-proven arguments against your stances or do you just skim through social media and repeat whatever the funniest people say ? 
  not as retarded as the * average * response to trump 's european tour lmao that 's a very low bar though . 
  still quite retarded, 
  it 's not nearly as bad as it looks . 
  trump is a master strategist , none of his seemingly stupid actions are actually stupid . 
  as an american trump voter , it 's like , 75 % serious . 
  like obviously the `` alpha male crushing hands '' thing is pretty much just a meme - he 's expressing a serious underlying point , but exaggerating or meme-ifying it . 
  overall the article is serious and to be taken seriously . 
  it 's also only half retarded . 
  like exactly half - the second paragraph is kinda retarded ( carbon taxes will make al gore richer ? 
  but the first one is n't at all . 
  the conspirators involved in american media right now are indeed getting desperate as described . 
  stick 's alter ego , i see, 
  is that stick ? 
  pretty much everything he does . 
  the character he portrays causes his stories to get a lot more attention than they would otherwise and he uses that to draw people 's attention to his real shit . 
  the famous `` frogs turning gay '' example , he 's talking about an actual thing that was happening , pesticides ( or some other chemical industrial activity ? 
  i think it was pesticides ) had caused feminization of a few populations of frogs and fucked up those local ecologies . 
  if he just made a video talking about that , nobody would give a fuck , but when he makes a video of a crazy alt-right conspiracy theorist who thinks lizard people are behind it , you get a meme and i have seen that meme lead to actual productive discussion so what he 's doing works . 
  you can see productive discussion in the comments on a lot of his videos , yes the `` cesspool '' of youtube comments , and a lot of it is people who would not be discussing the issues otherwise . 
  you just looked at statistics proving islam is an extremist religion and simply shrugged it off . 
  what . 
  the . 
   lowly member of the public . 
  congrats , you 've argued your way into autocracy . 
  well done . 
  you consider yourself a lower form of citizen than your elected civil servants . 
  that 's maybe the most un-american thing i 've ever read on reddit . 
  at least the people who like anarchism believe in themselves . 
  lmao . 
  incredible to see your argument devolve so severely . 
  also fun fact i do like anarchism , that 's part of why i voted trump . 
   like when he created a new weekly report specifically singling out the crimes of immigrants ( from mexico ) simply to stir up extra amounts of anger , even if the proportion of those crimes compared to per-capita demographics are exceedingly low . 
  i like how you answered your own question here . 
  `` trump 's racist ! '', 
  `` no he 's not . '', 
  `` then why 's he always try to stir up anger like a racist ? '', 
  `` i dunno , like when ? '', 
  `` like when he did it as a political play in his run for office ! '', 
  cause you 've got ta be racist to take racist votes . 
  it 's not like racists are just one of the biggest , easiest demographics to fool into voting for you even if you clearly disagree with them , just by vaguely pretending to agree once in a while . 
  it 's not like the dude who won the last presidential election might have had a campaign strategy or anything , that makes no sense at all , he 's got ta just be a racist lunatic despite being a well-educated new york billionaire with a love of his country and its people . 
  if you think current mainstream politicians who use those two phrases intend to do the same things pertaining to them , you 're crazy . 
   free trade is evil in practice in this day and age . 
  not in theory . 
  why is that such a complicated statement for you to grasp ? 
   and trump and trump supporters really support globalism and free trade ? 
  they really support the good aspects of both , generally . 
  they 're a large , diverse group with varying views on how best to approach the topics . 
  what they virtually all agree on is that trump is the enemy of the current elites who do not wish to do good . 
   he has paid out legal settlement for the exact opposite . 
  i 'd ask what you 're referring to , but we both know you 're misappropriating true events . 
   do you want intermingling ? 
  cause above you say i 'm stupid for thinking so . 
  of course i want intermingling . 
  all of us reasonable people , including trump 's support base in general , do . 
  that does n't mean we 're going to pretend it can work in ways it ca n't , that 's all . 
  even if you give terrorists internet access , not all of them are misguided people who need to be exposed to ideas . 
  some will refuse to discuss anything or only mingle to further their own goals and mislead people . 
  you can not fucking pretend that all groups and cultures on earth are friendly or accepting or open to the harmonious , open society most trump voters envision . 
  it is stupid to pretend there are not groups out there of people who simply do not agree with you on anything and are not going to respond positively to anything you do . 
   why is trump against net neutrality ? 
  why do you think you , a lowly member of the public , know trump 's stance on net neutrality ? 
  if he is opposed to it , you realize he 's an old dude , right ? 
  and that being against net neutrality does n't mean being against having more of the world discuss things with americans online ? 
  but regardless , he 's probably not opposed to it . 
   you make fun of my 3 sentences as a `` speech '' i was making fun of how you just said a bunch of random platitudes without actually formulating a point , not the length of the text . 
  sorry you 're so illiterate . 
   why does he try to incite anger against other cultures ? 
  like when ? 
   when do you know it 's `` ok '' to intermingle in person ? 
  well maybe for starters , when the `` intermingling '' does n't mean letting mass numbers of people who disagree with you come over to your country and vote with your enemies and flood your opinions out of your government ? 
   why doors right wing forums end up as places where racist memes get spammed ? 
  you mean like i 've seen instances where / r/the _ donald has been the only place on reddit that upvoted news articles about a hate crime happening , and i constantly saw messages of unity and accepting everyone there throughout the election , and i constantly see racist shit getting downvoted and called out ? 
   what fallacy was it ? 
  i like how people now think fallacious reasoning needs a name in order to be fallacious . 
  the fallacy was how you acted like an idea ca n't succeed because it has n't succeeded yet . 
  it does n't need a name , the fallacy is the fallacy itself . 
  but for the record , a quick google search reveals it falls under the fallacy of insufficient statistics/sampling , also known as hasty induction . 
   ah , my ideas or i kill you . 
  yeah that 's what muslims preach . 
  have fun over there . 
   the concept of free trade is not evil . 
  neither is the concept of globalism , that 's been my point from the start .
