you already know you 're going to die without a shadow of a doubt , that 's life . 
   what if you knew without a doubt you were going to die ? 
  then there 'd be no point to living at all , whether i 'd be skinned alive or not . 
  luckily , there are no such situations in the real world . 
  none . 
   the good side , the pleasant side it 's a ruse . 
  the `` pleasant side '' of religion is the most horrible thing of all , people just do n't want to realize it . 
   your whole argument is based solely on what you believe and anything against it is wrong . 
  congratulations , you know the definition of the words `` believe , '' `` against , '' and `` wrong . '', 
  i 'm fucking amazed by this mindblowing information you 've shared with me . 
  though my ability to articulate and discuss is extremely hindered by my rage , i hope i 'm at least bumbling through this conversation enough to provoke * some * thought in one or two ... people . 
   there 's no point in trying to have a rational discussion with someone who calls you so many vile things and threatens you for an opinion . 
  hey , at least that 's true . 
  i can recognize that , i 'm way too pissed to hold the most productive conversation available to you right now . 
  let 's both agree to fuck off . 
  it 'll be a whole new porn fetish . 
  deepthroating an anal combined . 
  you 'll love it . 
  you 'll miss me sometimes , when you do get me you 'll fail to convince people who either agree with me , sympathize with me , or have the cognitive faculty to recognize the irrelevance of the screenshot in a completely separate discussion , and over time , you will start to make an ass out of yourself , and alienate people in the subreddit to the point where people have just as much of a problem with `` that obnoxious guy who wo n't stop posting that screenshot '' as they do with `` that crazy guy who screams about right to live '' - with the difference being that the people you 've alienated are the intellectuals , and the ones i 've alienated are the dumb fucks who ca n't contribute anything except idiotic statements like `` nobody would prefer a shitty life over death herp derp . '', 
  so , yeah . 
  nothing like that has happened to anyone i know . 
  believe me , fear of death goes a lot deeper than grief trauma . 
  you have indicated with your wording above that you believe people should prefer death over endless torture . 
  this makes you fucking evil to me , as someone with an allergy to the `` blissful ignorance '' required to rationalize death as being better . 
  end of story . 
  it 's unfortunate that this is the internet , and the most i can do is shout at you . 
  some people will continue taking my opinions seriously here , i 'll stick around . 
  would probably be fun for you if you could just decide that 145,870 people have decided to disregard everything i say , but :( just not how it works, 
  just imagine the feeling though . 
  gagging , but in your asshole . 
  nevermind , it probably just sounds normal to you . 
  absofuckinglutely . 
  assuming i 'm back to being reasonably lucid and not still suffering from whatever insane breakdown caused me to do it in the first place . 
  if i 'm not lucid enough to desire continued survival , then they should keep me alive until i am . 
  my point here is that some people consider death to be nothingness , and consider nothingness to be the absolute worst possibility , that no conceivable torture could rival . 
  some people feel deeply that continued existence and consciousness in any form is better than nonexistence . 
  and the majority of society refuses to respect that belief , due to a crazy sociological system called religion . 
  this specific thing - this cultural prevalence of the idea that everyone should prefer death over constant torture - is one of the most horrible and evil things i know of in humanity and i can not describe the amount that i hate it . 
  it 's an extra-cancerous part of society 's biggest cancer . 
  i am going to start opposing it with violence if i hear it in person too many times . 
   life in horrible , constant pain and complete disfigurement is not a life you want . 
  different from :  life in horrible , constant pain and complete disfigurement is not a life she 's indicated she wants . 
  and you can pretend this is just semantics all you want , that the guy really meant the same thing either way . 
  i do n't give a fuck , it 's a crucial distinction in reality and the dude above is an absolute piece of shit for believing what he 's indicated with his choice of wording . 
  we do have popeye 's up here , it 's not discernibly better than kfc . 
  maybe you southerners just have more refined taste in chicken , or maybe the popeye 's up here do n't try as hard . 
  or maybe the refined taste of y' all has caused the kfc 's down there to struggle and make their recipes/employees/whatever cheaper than they are up here , trying to cut costs as they lose customers to popeye 's . 
  seems to use the bethesda system where rather than disappearing at 0 % it just becomes less and less likely to protect you, 
  minus is on the other side mate, 
  as we approach war with a power like russia , the pressure for both sides to develop icbm-busting missile defense systems increases exponentially . 
  i presume that the nukes would never be used , as it is n't remotely worth it for either side in the time leading up to the war , and nukes should be obsolete by the time war breaks out . 
  nato is fucking scary . 
  i feel bad for russia . 
  you could divide nato up into quite a few factions before a single one of them is small enough to have any chance at losing a war against russia . 
  sweden alone could absolutely decimate them if they have home field advantage ... there are probably individual cities in america that could fuck them up on their own soil . 
  i wonder how many military planes are in some city in washington ( state ) or alaska right now that could just go wreak havoc if they split off into their own faction and fought russia . 
  really puts nato 's combined military force in perspective, 
  why not just stand in between them and take a selfie with their faces slightly in the frame ? 
  that 's what i was saying too :p, 
  very well-said , or put more simply you have to stop the violent people but it 's silly to mock people who want to create a better society where those violent people are less likely to develop to begin with . 
  that 's fucking gnarly . 
  i love physics . 
  i wonder if the fusion would create its own form of resistance ? 
  i wonder how much air resistance there is at c or 0.9999999999 c, 
  ok , and ben affleck is the next president, 
  except i 'm just gon na destroy their materialistic wealth instead of their bodies . 
  explosives and satellite-controlled delivery drones are just so much cheaper to make than solid gold bugattis . 
  if you slap your dog it becomes my dog, 
  the one on the right does n't look like a summer tire though ... definitely a regular all-season tire which is n't nearly as different from a winter tire as a summer tire would be, 
  fair enough !, 
  unfortunately , sounds like something one could never get to the bottom of via google . 
  i am a genius , but i 'm probably not quite at the level of being able to outsmart the world 's biggest national intelligence agencies if obama did it just to fuck with trump , or any number of other highly plausible scenarios for what you just described . 
  quality may have suffered a bit as he struggled to meet quantity . 
  they really were n't bad , though . 
  maybe they faked emissions because our epa would n't let them sell the most fuel-efficient car on earth here on account of it was burning diesel too efficiently ... they 've been one of the most ecological auto manufacturers on earth , do n't hold it against them that they did n't want to jump through bullshit hoops created by the fossil fuel industry to help rape the planet . 
  yeah , that could totally be a coincidence . 
  also , trump has actually said countless sentences since his election . 
  in fact both the last time he spoke before being elected and the first time after being elected , he said numerous sentences . 
  literally googled :  single trump sentence reignites war eastern ukraine did n't find shit . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm worried it might actually have substance since you 're apparently not just regurgitating a headline . 
  oh shit i just took the new yorker 's message as lady liberty giving an sos smoke signal, 
  right , we did win the war . 
  we developed and dropped the nukes . 
  we lent the sheer economic might to start turning the tides of the war halfway through . 
  we helped with the spec ops , espionage , etc that was too big for the british to do on their own , like operation mincemeat . 
  we came out of the war with more power . 
  americans are , at the very least , aware of that last fact . 
  does n't mean they generally think our armies were the main ones fighting in europe . 
  this guy just apparently has an issue with the fact that america won the war , but rather than admit he has a hard time accepting reality , he made himself a strawman where in his head , there 's a whole different america full of people who think america did d-day and everything . 
  `` americans think they won the war !, 
  is n't that outrageous ?? '', 
  `` no , they did ... '' `` well ... 
  they think they did it alone !, 
  their movies way they did all the fighting in europe ! '', 
  * person 2 has never been to america and might just believe this and move on . 
  i dunno where you 're getting this from ... what movies do what you 're describing at all ? 
  regardless , it 's pretty common knowledge in america that the war was a joint effort . 
  the common pop-culture perception in america still credits russia with having spilled more blood than us . 
  just because there are uninformed americans who do n't know the makeup of countries at normandy does n't mean we have a skewed way of viewing the history .
