i remember you !, 
  it 's obvious you do n't respect human rights . 
  the latter . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  please define an assault rifle . 
  this might be the most shocking revelation you 'll ever experience , but australia is not america . 
  why ? 
  if i 'm a downvote troll , i 'm failing pretty fucking badly with how much karma i have . 
  confirmed european . 
  some american jurisdictions use stv . 
  you realize the constitution is supposed to be vague , right ? 
  why ? 
  why should guns not be sold ? 
  criminals would still get guns . 
  i 'm just saying it still would 've happened . 
  yes . 
  if the amendment said :  a deliciously nutritious breakfast , being necessary for a healthy body , the right of the people to buy and eat lucky charms shall not be infringed . 
  would that mean lucky charms could only be eaten for breakfast ? 
  why ? 
  the were killed in a gun-free zone . 
  the age of a law is irrelevant to if it should be repealed . 
  also , it 's an amendment ; not a law . 
  he thinks it 's about hunting . 
  the united states is two thousand miles from coast to coast , with 500 million guns all moving around in between . 
   your own president , the most powerful man in the world , wants things to change and ca n't make it happen !, 
  correct . 
  congress is mostly republican and they veto any anti-gun legislation . 
  obama does n't understand the second amendment . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm not against * some * form of measure , but understand this , there are 500 million guns in these united states and that number is quickly rising . 
  you * can not * reasonably control the flow of those around the country . 
  you guys do n't use pennies . 
  because it endangers other people 's lives/property . 
  the states have to collectively agree on an amendment . 
  we do , but why should a responsible person be punished for the actions of someone else ? 
  yes . 
  that has n't happened since 1992 . 
  no , you seem to have the idea that someone in congress/the president could just declare something repealed . 
  the states have to collectively agree on it . 
  why should law-abiding citizens be punished for criminals ? 
  you realize the bill of rights was all added basically immediately after the constitution , right ? 
  the `` people in power '' ca n't amend the constitution in the way you seem to be suggesting . 
  shootings are going down . 
  ok . that 's it . 
  this conversation is over . 
  sorry if that was too cruel . 
  you are the most retarded person i have ever met in my entire life . 
  the mere fact that your waste of a brain can apparently operate well enough to type its nonsensical ideas astonishes me . 
  and what does that have to do with me ? 
  my kin ? 
  i have never killed a native american . 
  i never `` genocided '' one !, 
  go continue being stupid . 
  you 're stupid . 
  you 're stupid . 
  fuck you . 
  what ? 
  continue being retarded online . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  fuck you . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  what ? 
  much revolution . 
  nope . 
  what you said was incredibly stupid . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha . 
  so by your own criteria , it was a revolution . 
  it was a revolution . 
  well , i guess you 're not finding out . 
  how old are you ? 
  re-read your comment . 
   but you are not allowed to call names or make allogations to someone that are supported by factual evidence . 
   there was no revolutionary change . 
  hahahahhahahahahahhahahahaha !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  that might be the funniest thing i 've read this year . 
  thanks for that , i needed that laugh . 
  how so ? 
  inciting violence is different . 
  being offended is not the same as being discriminated against . 
  why not ? 
  like ? 
  yes . 
  that hate speech laws are ridiculous . 
  wow . 
  that made me feel threatened . 
  see you in court . 
  basically , the british started taxing the colonies for the first time , and they did n't like it since they had no representation in the british parliament , so they started destroying the imported taxed goods ( think of the boston tea party ) . 
  the british were n't happy , and killed the colonists and took away self-governance , making everyone angry . 
  so the colonists establish their own government ( which they call a congress instead of a parliament ) , and read aloud the declaration of independence , which said that all men were created equal , with the rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , and these were n't being respected by the british . 
  hearing this , colonists destroyed monuments symbolizing the authority of the british royal family . 
  they declared themselves the independent united states of america . 
  they fight the british for independence , with george washington as general of their army . 
  they also get france and the netherlands to help . 
  eventually , the british surrender , and grant the colonies independence , with george washington being unanimously being elected its first president . 
  `` feel threatened '' not `` are threatened '' ? 
  in that case , you could ban nearly anything . 
  you know , i feel threatened by your hate speech laws , so could i have you arrested for talking about them ? 
  1 ) it was the first successful independence war against a european power . 
  2 ) most things about the government it established were revolutionary .
