... there is ... a house ... in new orleans . 
  a hoooooouse of miiiiiised puns !, 
  economic left/right : -2.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -5.95 can we make flair avg graph and left/right histogram ? 
  hey , pal , but , b-but , it 's you who is jumping around / r/europe and commenting `` agenda agenda propaganda propaganda tabloid tabloid '' . 
  i 'm watching you . 
  so , is it you deny existence of [ - ] and [ + ] functions on reddit ? 
  it 's new . 
  i always hear this kind of thread-jump-out from a person , who 's political comments are usually downvoted . 
  probably it 's just natural thing . 
  yup . 
  no reinforced argument line = start calling your opponent underaged . 
  kisses , fam . 
  can i jump in here ? 
  but `` as the source claimed '' means `` we do n't give a shit if you found out our info was pure lies or partially lies . 
  we are secured by claiming we received information from third party '' . 
  while good half of such articles generated internally and there is no outer source to them . 
  good old `` oh , excuse us , our source was lying , not us '' . 
  and before anybody tries to call me itar-tass hater , i 'm talking here about all news agencies who uses this method . 
  like , moscow did n't even invented manipulation schemes in the first place . 
  thanks , persians !, 
  i do n't think anything here . 
  you are on the ` russia not invading 100 % ' side in a first place . 
  which is surprising if you claim you filter out propaganda on your own . 
  because whatever you do here , it results in repeating russian tv and those mass bot tweets . 
  specifically the kiselev anchor guy . 
  this is why i doubt your methods and sources . 
  now let 's get them likes and dislikes and count who is right . 
  ehm , doubting all 2nd hand sources and translating original news , social network posts for myself ? 
  also history continuity checks . 
  fake stories usually lead to paradoxes when more details appears from unrelated media . 
  also , counting in propaganda tactics . 
  kremlin receives 5 out of 10 for this from me . 
  because it 's effective approach , but sloppy implementation each fucking time . 
  more then a half russia-originated events or posts are illogical and in time of month or two they start contradict newer pieces . 
  to ukrainian propaganda i give 0 out of 10 , because they should not produce fake stories in the first place , and the same sloppy implementation . 
  and by sloppy implementation i mean not using actual intelligence agents to forge news but to employ damn students ( russian olgino facility and ukrainian ` truth ministry ' ) who would type whatever text you say them for 20 $ / week . 
  but everything that passed at least these filters ( never enough , need more filters ) make a clear picture . 
  plus personal contacts in russia , ukraine , estonia and belarus . 
  some of them propaganda-incepted , some of them are sane . 
  most of the things i filter out myself then matches what sane guys tell . 
  so i believe in those more . 
  and i am eager to change my views when solid facts appear . 
   legitimate vote hey . 
  sources plz . 
  i need them . 
  it started with armed capturing of city hall , blocking military bases and with killing tatar activist . 
  to more detail it all started even earlier , with years of tv-brainwashing which pushed some insane old women to go and defend main roads from nonexistent ` western-ukrainian fascist nazi rape trains ' which was told to arrive and slay all russian-speaking children and old women . 
  while a good half of ukrainian armed forces are russian-speaking themselves , including western regions . 
  pluuuus , the osce observers , which were blind not only to these events , but to all separatist movements near the border and russian munition convoys in donbass . 
  and who totally fucked up securing malaysian plane crash site for 3 days , allowing separatists to clean up whatever they can . 
  that 's a huge question to osce . 
  please give a link , where a british kitchen bloke receives undoubtable and solid information these days . 
  if it 's good , i 'll hop in immediately . 
  to what i can agree is the double shit load from two parties . 
  but that does n't make your views real . 
  you are making irrational conclusions . 
  it 's internet flame one-o-one . 
  if a guy being rude from comment one and defends his non-propaganda-spitting stance , you go to his history to check if you 've done a mistake and misjudged that man . 
  but i did not misjudged , did i ? 
  what gives you a reason to call ukrainians ` ukrops ' in negative tone , british bloke from kitchen ? 
  some ukrainian soldiers proudly wear ukrop patch to piss off nice people like yourself . 
  quick google link numba uno : http://www.bbc.com/russian/international/2015/05/150511_russian_military_ukraine_investigations dos : https://tvrain.ru/soldat/ tres : google about identities of mozgovoi , bezler and girkin . 
  quadro : famous ` porebrik ' guys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71ojq0getuo i 'll come back to you when my request to access buried bodies will be granted from donetsk and rostov authorities . 
  stay tuned . 
  well , if you claim you are not creating propaganda , then you are blindly repeating it . 
  show us , where did you find your sources ? 
  but you are not obliged to answer . 
  i do n't care . 
  you can try to clean your name for other users here to see . 
  your comment history speaks for you . 
  at least your twisted views are not dealing any real harm by being just a text on a website far away from battle . 
  peace , my love . 
  no , but seriously . 
  people , this guy here wrote this :  and who did russia invade ? 
  you 're gon na say ukraine/crimea are n't you ? 
  haha . 
  too cute . 
  just adorable . 
  please remember him saying that . 
  i am a simple man . 
  i see propaganda , i call out propaganda . 
  your flag is incorrect man . 
   ukrops  invader things a load of bollocks what 's your vision of reality , enlight us please . 
  i mean . 
  two non-brainwashed individuals grew till ~ 20-30 and then bam !, 
  we wan na go to church and we wan na church to acknowledge us . 
  why ? 
  i imagine entering a church for mocking , or , okay , to appreciate the architecture , but adhering to those people , whaaaa ~, 
  can i ask why wedding in a church is still a thing ? 
  who even cares about what believers do or do not do inside said churches ? 
  how are they a part of government registry ? 
  in days when any notary can register you as partners or as a married couple . 
  while the actual teachers were teaching , those of a trillion acquired experience and licences where exactly ? 
  and there is this thing , that most optimistic ` new teachers ' potentially were ones to make phone calls to the turk gestapo . 
  coz it 's a common purge sport - call out your neighbor an enemy of the state , and enjoy new house , while the owner 's family rots in prison . 
  it 's their choice as the planetary community to ignore bunch of imbendable rules , but to build militarized outlaw country and recruit some psychos to defend it for some other imbendable rules . 
  or to ignore and resist integration while living abroad bcoz imbendable rules told so . 
    to demonstrate `` strength and independence '' to their pet nationalists at home so much this , but also nationalists abroad . 
  their communities are overhyped each time putin or erdogan shows up on rt/atv . 
  self-fulfilling memecy,
