  it surely would have helped more . 
  again as i said , people are free to do as they wish but i have no sympathy for economic migrants may they be europeans or otherwise . 
  people often use the excuse that italians migrated to justify illegal economic migrants which is bullshit as we lost millions of people who instead of working here went abroad . 
  to this day we loose skilled workers because of economic issues , it would be better if people stayed and tried to fix things instead of running away thinking only about themselves . 
  it may be because i still believe that the community is more important than the individual . 
   well for starters we 'd have ~ 6 million extra jews living in europe if they started leaving when things went bad ( though i know many nations rejected them , many others stayed thinking `` it ca n't get worse '' ) . 
  tough question though and i 'm not 100 % yes or no on the question : fighting for freedom is a noble idea , but if i were to do it ( and that 's a large if ) i rather do it as an outside force ( ie : canada declaring war on germany to stop them from enslaving others ) than on the inside . 
  are you saying the holocaust is the jew 's fault for not leaving ? 
  seriously ... not everyone is cut for fighting , there are multiple ways to help , still a little help is better than tucking tail and running . 
   on the flip side , let me ask you a modern parallel question : should the n. korean defectors stay inside n. korea and speak out against the regime ( which means certain death ) or should they escape and tell the world of the travesties ? 
  i concede to you that you can fight in different ways and in this instance fleeing and denouncing the regime to attract foreign intervention is not cowardice nor selfish , i would say that if they could they should organise opposition inside the country but of course that is easier said than done especially with such a regime . 
  it is not something which can be answered in absolutes , i guess we can agree on that . 
   would you consider them and thousands of europeans who relocated cowards ? 
  depends form the context . 
  surely i feel no sympathy . 
   or the individual value 's his life and family 's life above his country . 
  my idea of `` my country '' is a place where i can live free of persecution and free to pursue my own interests . 
  today that country is canada and it reflects my ideas , but if in the future canada changes drastically i 'd have no problem moving away . 
  it is your freedom to do as you wish , hopefully not everyone in canada would run away instead of fighting for values worth fighting for . 
  if every european in ww2 had said `` this is not any of my business , it 's not worth ding for freedom '' where would we be now ? 
  if everyone thought like you we would all still be living in the dark ages under an oppressive monarchy . 
  people like you disgust me . 
  thousand of heroes died for my country 's independence , thousand of heroes died in poland and france rebelling to the nazis , thousands of heroes volunteered to fight and die for our freedom and you say `` it is not worth to fight for an idea '' ? 
  fuck off mate . 
  france also existed for far longer than the us ( not that this changes it 's victory record ), 
  but surely you can do more , do not lie , you can easily cut down your budget and give more to the needy migrants . 
  do n't you want to do the moral and humane thing ? 
  after all , what is money compared to humanity ? 
  so how much of your wealth are you giving away ? 
  people seem to be unable to realise that you can not import millions of poor uneducated individuals ( ignoring your own people in need ) and expect that not to affect your society and to solve all problems . 
  it is just idiotic , it 's a leftist feel good fairy tale where everyone works together in harmony and resources are infinite and the economy some how provides high standards of living to everyone without need of sacrifice . 
  i am still waiting on you to give away your wealth because to be humane is more important than to act in your own interest . 
  the priority of any government is the pursuit of national interest and the welfare of its own citizens , foreigners come second at best . 
  again , if you think nations should not think of their interest first because humanity is more important i encourage you to lead the way . 
  ah you are one of those `` citizens of the world '' , good on you buddy . 
  you seriously think that a foreigner who has nothing to do with your country , your history and your culture , a foreigner who has come over for welfare and an easy living ( most likely not through the legal channels ) has to have the precedence over the natives because `` humanity '' ? 
  that 's disgusting and you are part of the problem . 
   playing the neediest among us against each other sorry but migrants are not part of `` us '' they are a foreign element entitled to nothing . 
  bulgarians should be the priority in bulgaria not some economic migrant from africa or anywhere else . 
   and besides all the potentialy correct discussions and arguments - when you start gaming money against humanity you already have lost . 
  ok , give away all your possessions and send them to the needy , money is not more important that humanity , no ? 
  you will be poor but at least you will be morally superior , is that not what you strive for ? 
  a united europe would not be as dependent from the us as europe is now , we would stop to tag along with your foreign adventures and pursue our national interest and our foreign policy devoid of us influence . 
  the us does not benefit from a united europe . 
  people like you are the problem . 
  i 'd rather have the far right in charge than islamic extremists . 
  because not being pro eu = nazis , k got it . 
  that 's called cowardice . 
  if one is not willing to fight for his ideas there are two option : either the individual is worthless or the ideas are . 
  it never rains . 
  of course , god forbid we admit the left and the centre parties have failed to come up with solution and that their moralist attitude has caused the mess we are in now . 
  great , after all merkel 's policies might have been the necessary push toward much needed change in management . 
  so i guess ... thanks merkel ? 
  we can only hope the trend will continue throughout europe . 
  the scenario painted by the guy above is unrealistic at best . 
  libya is going to be an independent nation influenced heavily by european ( namely italian ) political and economic interests but that is it . 
  we still have not gone past white guilt and colonialism guilt , it 's going to be a while before we make any country a `` protectorate '' . 
  we stop sending them money and sanction them . 
  also there is always the option to intervene in libya to sort out the terrorist threat . 
  no , satire is protected , the worst that can happen for defamation is a fine and i ca n't think of a single instance in which someone was arrested in italy for offensive comments toward a foreign leader . 
  looks like europe is already integrating with turkish standards . 
  soon we will silence opposition and journalists too . 
   their army was however of the highest quality , since it was the only one that was fully professional . 
  this is just false . 
  the british army was in no way capable of competing with its european counterparts on its own . 
  it was meant to be a `` projectile fired by the british navy '' meaning it was supposed to intervene in very specific contexts with the support of the royal navy . 
  most of the resources went to the navy which was the real strength of the british . 
  how surprising . 
  how many more criminals do we have to import before the left is satisfied ? 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
   imagine people that do n't even know the language to be better entrepreneurs than your own `` skilled '' people . 
  mate the immigrants setting up shops are not the ones off the boats but those who came legally and have money . 
  the ones that dropped off the boats are busy annoying tourists trying to sell selfiesticks , selling chinese fake products on the side of the road or committing crimes , they do not contribute much to the economy . 
  a skilled worker is an engineer , a physicist or an it expert for instance , i doubt they got a degree to open a kebab shop , they seek high paying jobs . 
   so , immigrants are creating jobs . 
  for themselves and other immigrants . 
  italian entrepreneurs are struggling under the monolithic bureaucracy and the exaggerated taxation while professionals and skilled workers leave the country seeing jobs abroad . 
  `` the truth goes against my beliefs , quick let 's bend facts and justify the presence of child brides ! '', 
  this is sad . 
  i think you got to throw in the algerian war as well , it was going on at the same time as the suez crisis and neither the us nor the uk were helpful . 
   and if an opinion is sensible or not is just that whether one regards an opinion as a sensible is dependent on his own bias , his beliefs , his education and upbringing . 
  who are you to claim your judgement of `` facts '' is the correct one ? 
  we are talking politics , not mathematics . 
  is your opinion universally objective ? 
  are you the sole guardian of the truth ? 
  are you not aware that there are hundreds of views and in matters so abstract as politics there is no one true answer that can be claimed to be a fact ? 
  no , a migrant who is being hosted , feeds of welfare and enjoys the benefit of a european country has no right to feel more attached to his homeland than to his new home . 
  ah , beautiful , so are you going to dictate to the world what is and is not a `` sensible opinion '' under what legitimacy and what authority if not that of the people ? 
  it 's democracy , what happened to the `` i might not agree with you but i am willing to die to protect your right to express your opinion '' ? 
  because he was elected by the people unlike schultz . 
  ah the good old `` people do not share my ideas , it must be brigading '' . 
  ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha good one mate . 
  lol are you serious ? 
   born and raised in france , speak french as their native language . 
  this obviously means nothing as they planned terrorist attacks and hate secular france . 
  well is n't this some fine , high quality discussion you guys are having . 
  you exist and are muslim . 
   italy was extremely violent during its time with a dictator too well ww2 was sort of a thing you know . 
  i have no idea how i could have missed that , of course that is psychotic !, 
  who is talking about driving the mentally ill to suicide ?
