  most foreigners from poor backgrounds do get into ghettos and create their micro cosmos where they maintain their own traditions and culture without properly accepting the ones of the country that is hosting them . 
  being born from a couple where at least one parent is italian is one thing , it is another if both parents come from a different nation as children get a lot of their beliefs and values from them . 
  a kid born in britain from a very religious couple coming from the middle east , living in an area inhabited only by like-minded middle eastern individuals who is sent to a muslim school will not become your average british citizen but rather a stranger to british culture . 
  does it make sense to give him british citizenship even though he holds none of the typical british values and is more attached to hi country of origin that to the country which provides all services to him and that has accepted his parents ? 
  the kid of a middle eastern couple open to integration who live in a culturally diverse area who goes to school with british kids will likely grow up to be british through and through and therefore should be guaranteed citizenship without question . 
   you did n't answer my question though . 
  i do n't like most pop music in the uk , i do n't like a majority of the popular tv shows . 
  at what point do you draw the line ? 
  i am not saying we all must be clones following a perfect outline of say britishness or italianness , of course that would be absurd . 
  however , things like knowing the language , respecting the authorities , respecting certain liberal principles upon which the nation is built and so on are things that should be required . 
   is born in and lives their entire life in or is born by foreign parents . 
   i 'd like to move to france soon but my spoken french is very poor . 
  does that mean i should n't be allowed to ? 
  do you want french citizenship and access to french welfare ? 
  if yes you should not be allowed to get citizenship unless you intend to learn the language and to integrate . 
   the idea that countries should have one universal culture and kick out anyone who does n't match up is ludicrous if you want to reap the benefit of a country 's economy you should be willing to integrate with the local culture . 
  i am talking about any foreigner who comes into a country and refuses to behave and integrate . 
  he might be muslim , jewish , catholic , buddhist atheist , white , black , brown , or green for all i care , if he/she/it refuses to integrate he should not be allowed to stay . 
  where did i mention religion exactly ? 
  can you please point out in which comment in this discussion i mentioned religion ? 
  because i did not and you are talking out of your arse . 
  because expecting foreigners to integrate is anti muslim , k . if they do not integrate they have no right to stay . 
  a kid born in italy by foreigners is a foreigner , once he reaches 18 years of age he can apply for citizenship as any other foreigner . 
  change the law . 
  then they should rethink the way they award citizenship to people who are raised in ghettos . 
  asking for people to integrate is stupid ? 
  if one is not willing to adapt to a nation 's customs and language he should go . 
  it 's not like they could do anything about it . 
  4 years of nothing , that 's the proof , if they had proof it would not take them so long to even start prosecuting them and be done with it . 
   what ? 
  fishermen are free to move in waters . 
  the marines are supposed to shoot only after provocation . 
  this is international law . 
  there was no provocation from the fishermen and no warning shots . 
  you 're deluded if you think this is acceptable by international law . 
  the nia has charged them with murder after an investigation . 
  they did provoke the marines and the charges are laughable at best . 
  they have been detained since 2012 , four years , and the indian government is yet to provide proof of anything they claim , after four years ... 
  it happened in international waters , they are being detained illegally . 
  i think fishermen who move toward a ship that is being escorted by marines to protect against piracy regardless of warning shots are not exactly innocent nor poor victims . 
  the indian government is still to prove any of their claims after years of detaining the two marines , either the indian government is utterly incompetent or it does not have a strong case . 
  either way the two should be freed and tried in italy under fair circumstances . 
  what ? 
  this is utterly false , they are only regarded as murderers by left-wing circlejerks . 
  there is no evidence they committed a crime , they should not be tried nor held in india as the incident took place in international waters and they acted well within the boundaries of the law . 
  edit : by the way , did you make a new account just to troll ? 
  i am not supporting the view i am just pointing out you misinterpreted his words . 
  an actual effort to protect european borders and european identity could result in a more united europe . 
  no , he is saying that a lack of masculinity is what causes men to be abused , he is not saying that it is a justification for the abuser to abuse . 
  true , but it does not change the fact that your previous statement is incorrect ( unless you referred to hitler and not austria ) . 
  what are you on about ? 
  when hitler was born the austro-hungaric empire was still up and running . 
  i know you guys are hiding * terra irredenta * somewhere !, 
  / s jokes aside , i know a couple of austrians , they are like germans but ... better actually , yeah less smug i 'd say . 
  usually we associate to austria the same traits and stereotypes we associate with germany , only the good ones though , no nazi jokes for you . 
  the first thing that comes to mind when thinking of austria is history , the 19th century to be precise , especially italian independence :p, 
  ok , lets remove churchill 's statues around britain , he was notoriously racist and often spoke positively of fascism before the war , likewise we should remove from washington all the statues of founding fathers that owned slaves . 
  but why stop here ? 
  let 's destroy every monument to any king that took part in the crusades , let 's destroy all buildings and infrastructure built by imperialist powers with money they got from colonies and let 's revise the whole of human history so it is less offensive . 
  only if they were white though , you would not want to discriminate the rich cultures of others . 
  they could have stopped anywhere in between turkey and denmark . 
   but those immigrants , also woman and children could n't live in their homecountry any more . 
  some of them can not , the others , most in fact , are economic migrants . 
  enough with this fairy tale of the poor migrants fleeing from certain death , it 's a myth , only a minority flees war . 
  tell me again , why do some people want turkey to join the eu ? 
  they burnt cars , damaged shops and private property , they injured a few cops . 
   what was the population of france at the time man ? 
  of italy ? 
   no seriously , how is 1.6-1 .7 million people over 38 years comparable to 1 million in one year with many more to come . 
  is that supposed to be an answer ? 
  last time i checked population increases over time , and having occurred over a ** 38 ** year period it had surely less of an impact than the migration of millions of middle eastern and north african men would have on europe today . 
   did you miss the part where we lynched italian workers one instance . 
  one . 
  oh maybe there were a few more accidents , so what ? 
  did that prevent italians from integrating ? 
  did we commit terrorist attacks killing hundreds of french citizens on multiple occasions ? 
  anyway , nice way of skewing away from addressing the topic of uncontrolled immigration in europe today by talking about unrelated past events and by making absurd comparisons . 
   yup . 
  for example the flux of italian immigrants between 1876-1914 is estimated at 1.6-1 .7 million people . 
  when france had a population of 40 million . 
  so imagine the syrian crisis only 4 times as worse . 
  ok , aside the fact that you are diverting the discussion , are you a moron ? 
  no seriously , how is 1.6-1 .7 million people over 38 years comparable to 1 million in one year with many more to come ? 
  counting that france and italy share a common religion , a border and have a similar culture ? 
   whom should i blame ? 
  you guys voted for mussolini . 
  look at how beautiful scores he made sure , let 's ignore that women were not allowed to vote , let 's ignore violence and political repression along with murders and intimidation . 
   is n't what germany is currently trying a more moderate approach ? 
  the refugees welcome rhetoric is already getting replaced by one trying to contain the number . 
  honestly moderate is one word i certainly would use to describe the german government . 
  arguably a bit late for that , better than nothing , sure , but before things will get moving i am afraid the situation will worsen . 
  anyway , i hope thing will change swiftly . 
   yes that is absolutely true but we accepted international obligations when our states signed the geneva conventions . 
  that does n't mean we have to take everyone from all the world but it means that if someone comes to a european country with a legitimate claim to asylum we have to grant it . 
  indeed , but there are better ways to do it and ways to avoid getting unnecessary amounts of economic migrants along with refugees . 
  we could pick them up from camps and checking their background and their eligibility for refugee status prior to allowing them in . 
  also we should actively prevent traffickers to ship migrants across the mediterranean . 
   i totally agree on that and gladly that is not happening . 
  are we not getting a majority of young male immigrants from the middle east and north africa ? 
  and has the german government not admitted that many of them are not qualified to work or integrate in the foreseeable future ?
