mildly . 
  they are either trolling or confused about communism . 
  venereal disease or in other words std 's , at least that is my guess . 
  it 's your job to integrate , the host country owes you nothing . 
  if you do not integrate you should be sent back , very simple . 
  you are welcome  tony judt is the author of post war europe , i really recommend it . 
  i suggest you read post war europe and savage continent , two really interesting books about the aftermath of the conflict . 
  what is that ? 
  my bad , i did not express myself clearly . 
  that is beside the point , what i am trying to get at is that it is not that hard to organise irregular troops and guerrillas . 
  not my country , not my war , not my problem . 
  odd that you are so obsessed that you have to go through the post history of anyone who says something you disagree with . 
  ask american samoa , hawaii , and portorico . 
  not have been . 
  what 's up with native english speakers getting their own grammar wrong ? 
  a guy with a rifle wont do shit against soldiers in body armor with automatic weapons and all the gadgets modern militaries use right now . 
  how the fuck did the iraqi insurgency become what it became ? 
  buddy you are full of shit and do n't know what you are talking about , to bring on a guerrilla warfare you do not need extremely well trained and equipped soldiers . 
  just look at any war that involved a superior power against a weaker one or any colonial enterprise to conquery less advanced people . 
  as long as people are not willing to submit and fight instead there can be war and a chance for the weaker power to win . 
   he 's describing the realities of the syrian civil war . 
  because both you and op are experts/survivors/members of an intelligence organization ? 
  you can not understand a war solely from what people who experience it and the media tell you . 
  buddy the migrants in italy complain about italian food , they do not appreciate european cuisine at all . 
  let me explain myself better , whatever past failure or success china might have experienced in its military history is irrelevant , not your question . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  communist china apart from a `` proxy '' war in north korea and some border skirmishes with the ussr was only involved against india and even then looking at those conflict would mean little as times have changed . 
  in 1620 europe was just two years in the worst religious conflict in european history , the thirty years war . 
  we sorta had a massive religious wars that lasted decades , it was also 400 years ago . 
  in the 21st century certain beliefs are both outdated and unacceptable . 
  all true , but the money you paid him under the form of wages could have been spent on local goods thus ending in some local businessman pocket and through taxes in the government 's pockets . 
  i am not saying it is such a terrible loss it is an economic problem , in fact it probably has little impact , but it is still money that could stay in the local economy and be spent in the local economy , that is all , i am not really arguing anything against it . 
   money will always live countries be it by importing oil or investment opportunities your argument is weak if you read my comment you might notice that i never argued that immigrants should not be allowed to bring money out of the economy or any such argument , i was just stating a fact . 
  fair enough . 
  well , personally i am in favor of protectionism but that is another matter , anyways yes of course , it is not a tremendous loss of capital but it is a loss nevertheless . 
  never said it was theft , i was just stating a fact , when calculating a country 's balance of payments you actually have to take account of the money that is taken out of the economy to be spent elsewhere . 
  so you are against laws that forbid the use of nazi symbols and the preaching of nazi ideas ? 
  they would make the perfect team , worthy of a sitcom . 
  no one denies that brain drain is not a problem for developing countries , they simply avoid considering it when it comes to discussing the matter of immigration . 
  that is money they take out of the economy of the country that is hosting them . 
  of course , we must be racist because we do n't like immigration , god forbid we like to preserve our culture . 
  so relative poverty not absolute poverty . 
  but the poles are our own , they are european as much as a british or spanish citizen . 
  it does if you are importing them . 
  well you must admit that it comes out as a bit obsessive of you to go through someone 's entire comment history because of one comment you disagree with . 
  ah of course , the good old `` you disagree with me ? 
  you must be a nazi ! '', 
  mentality . 
  statistics also show that those countries have more men than women . 
  that is private property , i am pretty sure the government can not simply take away from its taxpaying citizens to give away for free to welfare draining foreigners . 
  and this kids is the proof that violence does the trick . 
  the roman salute , ( its not called the nazi salute , or at least it was not known as such before the bastards hijacked it ) has not been used as extensively as the roman fasces which can be seen very often in medieval heraldry and are effectively a part of european culture . 
  to say we should not use them because the fascists did is like saying it is evil to have a german shepard because hitler had one . 
  it was a roman symbol of law and authority , you find it pretty much in every western country : [ like in the american military police ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=u.s.+army+military+police+corps,+regimental+insignia&amp;es_sm=93&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=jey5vzppocvepcgvgygn&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=643 ) , or on [ lincoln 's statue ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=american+emblems&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=643&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=oeu5vzbwa4jypmsggyaf&amp;ved=0cayq_auoaq#tbm=isch&amp;q=statua+di+lincoln+fasci&amp;imgrc=wfseegzah7jujm%253a%3bfomwrq5iudxdom%3bhttp%253a%252f%252fwww.willgoto.com%252fpictures%252fb%252fusa_dc_lincoln_memorial-467x316.jpg%3bhttp%253a%252f%252fwww.quellidellelica.com%252fvbforums%252farchive%252findex.php%252ft-339021.html%3b467%3b316 ) , really just take a look at the wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces, 
   heavily moderated nice euphemism for ** censored ** . 
  an unbearable left-wing circle jerk . 
   terrorism is a strategy that an inferior military force uses in an asymmetric conflict to compensate for lack in military power . 
  the modern liberal republic was brought about by french terrorists , quite vicious ones at that . 
  that is not the correct definition of terrorism . 
  terrorism is the use of violence by political groups and organizations aimed at influencing the behaviour and policies of states by hitting infrastructure , civilians and military targets . 
  guerilla tactics are what you are referring too , that is mostly found in insurgencies ( insurgents also use terrorism but it is not the main tool to deal with a superior force in an asymmetrical conflict )  there 's no reason to get all sentimental over this , there 's nothing inherently barbaric about it . 
  on the contrary , the idea that you stop being barbaric just because you 're powerful enough to use fighter jets and bomb the living shit out of anybody is highly cynical and basically just ` might makes right ' propaganda . 
  no one is being sentimental , you misunderstand what i meant . 
  it is ridiculous to ask governments stop referring to terrorist groups as terrorist groups for the sake of facilitating communication and talks . 
  you are reading too much in my use of the term barbarism . 
  also might is right , it 's a fact of life neither propaganda nor theory , violence legitimised by superior power is different than violence that is not legitimised . 
  palestine is not a country and has never existed as an independent identity or political concept before the arab israeli conflict . 
   this is the british media systematically trying to discredit jeremy corbyn , which they have been trying since he become labour leader . 
  no need for the media to discredit corbyn , he does a wonderful job at it by himself . 
  nice to see that terrorist apologists are alive and well in this sub . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  `` let 's not call them terrorists , it makes it easier to negotiate '' god forbid the terrorist organizations that murder civilians , use human shields to protect their rocket launch sites and incite violence against israeli civilians get offended for being called out on their barbarism . 
  maybe the palestinian authorities should not encourage palestinians to murder innocents israelis . 
  of course he must be lying , god forbid we admit moderates are actually pushed the opposite way by extremist ad intolerant leftwing nutjobs . 
   then the people gon na riot against them . 
  which is like saying `` why wear a helmet while riding your motorbike when doctors can fix you up after you crashed ? '', 
  they do not want history repeat by behaving like nazis and violently denying the right of other to express their opinion ? 
  that 's smart . 
  antifa and commies are scum just like the neo-nazis , same filth different name . 
  how tollerant and progressive of them !, 
  there used to be but the northern league has been in coalitions with berlusconi several times without delivering much . 
  the people still want a certain degree of independence in the form of fiscal federalism and special status for certain northern provinces ; however now they have shifted toward a more pseudo nationalist , anti-immigration , anti-eu platform and are not playing up the separatist thing in order to get votes down south . 
  you forgot a piece of russia in between poland and the baltics plus ... crimea ... 
  better late than never . 
  what 's the point ? 
  sacrificing your culture and identity for economic competitiveness seems rather shallow . 
  fair enough , not everyone is into military strategy . 
  thanks for the link by the way , it 's very interesting !, 
  i never said i liked slavini , he is right on immigration and wrong on many other things , besides , until the northern league drops the separatist nonsense officially i 'll never vote for them . 
  yes , so ? 
  this is not news , this problem has been there since the birth of nato . 
  `` secret force multiplier '' ? 
  this is on par with claiming insurgencies are a new phenomenon which we are not equipped to face . 
  special operation forces and covert action have been around for a long time and have been used frequently during the cold war , it 's nothing new or unexpected . 
  if only we did n't have a left wing joke of a party in charge . 
  the pope being extremely pc and pro refugees does not help either . 
  fake , also a repost . 
   largely thanks to the eu i 'd say it is largely thanks to the marshal plan and the post war economic recovery which has little to do with the eu as it stands today or with the monetary union that came to be not long ago . 
  meh , they are coming in droves . 
   according to what you 're saying , they should have stayed and attempted to improve their local economies ?
