  collective security is more important than morality . 
  [ what have the romans ever done for us !? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foi342lxqe ), 
   we need their cooperation to stop the migrants coming into europe we can just stop them from leaving turkey using force if necessary , again , the odds are stacked so much on our favor that they could only comply . 
   plus , you know , turkey being in a strategic geopolitical position and all ... yep , this is the only problem , they host some us nukes and control the small strait through which the russian navy must go to enter the mediterranean . 
  wait , how exactly do you think turkey would fair against the eu members and nato member if it invaded greece ? 
  the truth is turkey needs us more than we need turkey . 
   turkey 's military is n't simply strong because of their huge manpower , it 's fairly modern and high-tech . 
  on paper , it has not been tested in a full scale war . 
   losing a member with the balls to take down an intruding russian jet would be a big loss . 
  you mean a member willing to worsen already sour relations between nato and russia ? 
  that was an unnecessary and stupid move , besides , we can do without turkey if they shield isis militants , buy their oil and avoid to target them when they fight kurds . 
  theoretically is the key word . 
  ah thanks , it makes sense now . 
  and of course it is the image of a woman holding a child , god forbid the readers realize it 's mostly young males migrating for economic reasons . 
  that since some native brits commit crimes it is somehow ok for foreigners to go to britain and rape young girls . 
  i did n't get what they are laughing about . 
  butthurt swede is butthurt . 
  the truth does not make for a good headline . 
   good , everyone should follow suit , we 're overpopulated as fuck . 
  poorer countries are way more overpopulated than the west , look at the recent famine issues in ethiopia and the general fertility rate in africa . 
   refugees seeking to travel to the uk demonstrate in the centre of calais . 
  ``` fortress europe '' ensures that those outside the eu cartel of nations are subject to vicious discrimination if they are lucky , and drowning in the mediterranean if they are not . ' photograph by sean smith for the guardian accompanied by a picture of women and children of course . 
  disgusting how the guardian tries to shove its rhetoric down our throats . 
  depicting the migrants at calais as poor victims is just disgraceful . 
   in that context your definition is completely meaningless because it makes no destinction between groups targeting civilians ( `` bad guys '' ) for bad reasons and groups only targeting military targets for good reasons ( `` good guys '' ) your problem is the moral judgement , if you are analyzing something you should do it objectively and free of bias . 
  it 's the good vs bad mentality that is wrong and dishonest . 
  it 's a tactic , its not the targeting military or civilian objectives that matters but the political objective . 
   today the word terrorist is used as term to delegitimise groups across the globe and branding them as the bad guys today for propaganda purposes the term is used this way , so what ? 
  should we also stick to the current definition of fascism which encompasses anyone who is authoritarian and disliked ? 
  how can we have a honest discussion about something and fully understand it if we look at it through the lenses of misconception and ignorance ? 
  you are mixing the derogatory term terrorism with terrorism the tactic . 
  two very different things . 
  american revolutionaries fought a war of independence against the brits with the help of the french , hardly an insurgency but rather a military campaign with battles . 
  also how exactly do the revolutionaries classify as a small group of non state actors ? 
  the french resistance engaged in acts of terrorism and insurgency , ever heard the saying a ma 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter ? 
  to the nazis the french were surely terrorists , again , you give an emotionally charged meaning to the word . 
  that is a claim you are making . 
  i see were you are coming from , the problem with your model is that when an insurgency wins you wo n't find many people speaking against it . 
  in post war italy you had about 600,000 people claiming to have been or to have helped partisans , historians estimate 150,000 partisans to have operated from 1943 onward ... also isis despite what we are told enjoys enormous support from the locals , are they legitimate ? 
  at the end of the day international recognition is more important than local . 
  anyways as you said , that 's just , like , my opinion , man . 
  i 'll notify my professor when i meet him next that a random guy on the internet knows best . 
  from my other post :  the ignorance here is staggering . 
  there are a bunch of definitions of terrorism all different according to the scolar or nation that uses it . 
  the truth is that a terrorist group is what a terrorist group does , they shape the definition of terrorism not us nor scolars . 
  generaly speaking a terrorist group in an organised small group using surprise attacks or the the threat of attacks against civilian or government targets ( including military ) to create fear , rather than achieve phisical conquest , all for a political purpose . 
  anything else such as the debate on the difference between terrorism and insurgency and the search for a specific precise definition are pointless congectures and a waste of time the difference is that terrorism is perpetrated by small non state actor groups . 
  yes it is . 
  they are illegitimate by nature , it is after the end of the conflict that they can seek legitimacy by becoming something else . 
   you count your own italian resistance as illegitimate yes , partisans and guerrillas not wearing uniforms and using the population as shield are not a legitimate armed force but an insurgency . 
  the royal italian army which was cooperating with the allies in the south was legitimate , a group of random people arming up and assaulting german convoys is not . 
  ah , my bad , you are right of course . 
  the media keep using words like fascist and totalitarian in such a way that they have lost all meaning , if turkey is totalitarian i am a toaster shaped austronaut . 
  what the hell is `` soft totalitarianism '' anyways ? 
  how can you controll every aspect of the public and personal life of an individual as part of the state `` softly '' ? 
  the ignorance here is staggering . 
  there are a bunch of definitions of terrorism all different according to the scolar or nation that uses it . 
  the truth is that a terrorist group is what a terrorist group does , they shape the definition of terrorism not us nor scolars . 
  generaly speaking a terrorist group in an organised ** small ** group using surprise attacks or the the threat of attacks against civilian or government targets ( including military ) to create fear , rather than achieve phisical conquest , all for a political purpose . 
  anything else such as the debate on the difference between terrorism and insurgency and the search for a specific precise definition are pointless congectures and a waste of time, 
  no it 's not , what are you on about ? 
  partisans and irregular armies are not ` legitimate ' in any way . 
   who 's going to enforce that ? 
  that is what he asked , it does not matter if they sign a piece of paper claiming they will do something unless you can force them to follow their word with the threat of retaliation . 
  that surely makes the rapes and sexual harassment perpetrated by muslims and north africans fine . 
  i almost puked , you monster . 
  more socialists than jews but then again , they believed in the judaic-marxist conspiracy or what not . 
  that 's exactly why it is a nazi reference . 
  people like ludendorff spread the idea that were it not for failure on the home front the german army could have won the war , this was picked up by nazis pointing out how it was socialists that caused the collapse of the government and sparked several uprisings in 1918-19 . 
   `` stab in the back '' its not an article about germany if it does not have nazi references . 
   they are checking ( as evidenced in this case ) you honestly believe they would have made serious checks had he not killed someone ? 
  have you ever been to those countries ? 
  because from your comment it sounds like you have never seen an italian , a spaniard or a greek . 
  for an effective democracy you need a large middle class , social and economic stability , certain cultural values to be widely accepted , secularism . 
  to apply democracy to religiously , ethnically and politically divided countries is madness . 
  the crimean war is a clear example of how russian land forces mean nothing if russia has no control of the sea . 
  the british had simply to cut off supply lines going through the black sea and to disrupt trade in the baltic . 
  the reason france and germany lost is because they fought the wrong kind of war against russia . 
  i bet germany has no people in need if it can afford to spend that sort of money on foreigners . 
  we had a few wars with the french and the spanis as well as the germans/holy roman empire . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbcesnuykjk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoxc_6ed8xu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks2omjcmpuk, 
   - also after converting they were generally expelled during the spanish inquisition anyway . 
  the king of aragon happened to be heavily in debt with jewish money lenders , coincidence ? 
  i think not . 
  anyways , as you mentioned it depends from context , there is no universal formula to be applied to centuries of history in regards to any matter . 
   the difference in how muslims and christians treated other religions during different eras could potentially be related to the difference in religious edicts . 
  the koran was progressive and permissive for its time in relation to other religions , but as very rigid it has n't followed the times . 
  meanwhile christians were allowed to be as cruel as they wanted to be since the scriptures are n't as specific , but consequently were also free to end the barbarism after new ideas spread . 
  both religions , both dumb superstitions , no one is better than the other . 
  mostly the lack of integration and jews being the only ones allowed to lend money in europe before banking developed in italy . 
   oddly enough until the 20th century the muslims were much better to a consequence of ottoman imperial authority , imperialism brings order as long as the empire lasts . 
   is very similar to the attitudes european christians had toward their jewish co-nationals in the early 20th century or throughout most of history since the middle ages until ww2 , scapegoating of jewish people goes back to the plague . 
  as most italian politicians since the birth of the republic . 
   historically it has n't been rich people but fascists and bolsheviks . 
  are you aware of the fact that history goes even further back than the 20th century ? 
  being on the winning side of history is something to be proud of . 
   why would the nationality of the parents matter ? 
  that strikes me as kinda racist but i understand things are slightly different in italy . 
  it has nothing to do with racism , it is simply logical , being born over a border does not make you part of the country 's culture any more than crossing it as an adult .
