  had there been a strategy to stabilize iraq after saddam and had they not assumed that overthrowing his government and the army would have sufficed we would not be in this mess . 
  they failed to understand the political situation in iraq , they deepened sectarian divisions instead of bringing the country together and did not prepare for an insurgency . 
  it is the failure of politicians and policy makers , the military did its job , it 's up to those setting the goals to ensure these goals are achievable through military action and that the means involved are proportionate to the objective . 
  it 's not the intervention that caused the problem but the fact that it was not carried out properly . 
  we merely bombed and destabilised , of course the result was a mess . 
  the failure in iraq and afghanistan is a failure of politics not of the military . 
  it was a lack of strategy beyond military action and the inability of politicians to turn military success in the desired political outcome . 
  it is in italy 's interest to sort this out , we have many economic interests in the area and the flood of migrants to our shores is coming from there . 
  it 's a matter of national security , we need to stabilise the country and secure the coast . 
  unfortunately you are right , our politicians are too concerned with internal politics to secure our interests abroad . 
  italy could pull this off on its own , we do not need the us to provide ground troops and most certainly we do not need the french to get involved . 
   abyssinia mark 3 i do not know what you mean by this , the war in ethiopia in 1935 was a clear victory and in 1911 italy conquered libya rather easily . 
  in this case we are not even talking of a colonial campaign , what italy needs to do is simply secure the coast and cooperate with the recognised government in order to pacify the areas held by islamic groups whilst helping the government to increase stability and to rebuild . 
  it 's in italy 's national interest to halt the flow of migrants and to secure its economic assets in the country , we should not depend of other nations to secure our interests . 
  we do not need a peace deal , we need to intervene militarily and pacify the region in order to establish a stable government . 
  they are obviously unable to do so on their own and since we made a mess of things we should sort it out . 
  it does not mean it is right , its simply being misused . 
  really ? 
  why did the social war break out in republican rome then ? 
  i thought it was because the roman senate refused to grant italians roman citizenship on the basis that they were not roman . 
  is your opinion on the front national based on their policies , actions and statements or on what the press has said about them ? 
  because according to most mainstream media they are basically the nazis 2.0 which kinda clashes with their rising popularity and you know , reality . 
  trump on the other hand is either a massive troll or batshit crazy , i 'm with you on that one . 
  we do not have to handle it , they are not all refugees and they are not all worthy of being accepted . 
  why should we put their interests before ours when they are not even willing to integrate in most cases ? 
  i do not think you understood the comment above . 
  because being a professional soldier and being chained to an oar in the bowel of a galley rowing , shitting , pissing , and eating on the same bench for years are the same thing . 
  are we just going to ignore the thousands of slaves used in the ottoman navy ? 
  those galleys were not moving by themselves , they were powered by christian slaves . 
  in between cyprus ' occupation and erdogn 's authoritarianism they are n't joining anytime soon . 
  most hard core neonazis hate jews more than blacks , this does not mean they do not hate blacks . 
  they probably think it is better to have an influential euro sceptic country such as britain stay in the eu so that countries like poland and hungary are not left alone to compete with france and germany . 
  since hitler was elected i guess he was not a dictator . 
  come on man , if someone is parachuting off a plane you capture him , it is unnecessary to kill him , especially when he is mid air and can not defend himself , that is just cowardly . 
  the us would not risk war over turkey . 
  there is a difference between shooting down a plane and gunning down someone parachuting out of it . 
  as you said they can not predict if it is going to happen , which means they also can not predict that it is not . 
  their statements implied there was no risk at all , and people died , that 's why they have been investigated . 
  and ? 
   probably . 
  but that is not surprising considering the number of ** economic migrants ** and refugees . 
  only a small percentage of those moving to italy are refugees , most are africans and northern africans from decently stable countries , we get very few syrians , eritreans and so on . 
  maybe because the nationalists won and became the government , which means the international brigades never fought for them ? 
  a lot of the artillery shells either missed , buried themselves too deep in the ground to do serious damage or simply did not explode . 
   the end result of nationalism . 
  it was a result of mutual mistrust and balance of power politics , nationalism figures in only from the point of view of propaganda . 
  germany threatened the power of france on the continent and had colonial ambitions which paired with their increased focus on the navy under wilhelm ii made them a threat to the british . 
  an old story repeating , the difference here is the destructive power achieved thanks to technological advancements . 
  sometime people are not hostage of authoritarian governments but collaborators , ever thought that maybe the majority of turkish people is fine with a corrupt authoritarian leader like erdogan ? 
  if a country can not grant its own freedom it is at the mercy of more powerful nations . 
  the problem is that you can have all the resources in this world but if you lack the political will to fulfill a leading role you can not go anywhere . 
  let 's be honest , italian politicians are too concerned with internal politics and the well being of their parties to really focus on foreign policy and the expansion of italian influence . 
   the information makes it easier to manipulate people in powerful positions , prevent undesired political candidates from succeeding , blackmail people , etc. 
  to my knowledge it is illegal in italy to tape politicians or to carry on surveillance without a court order . 
  politicians are protected already , hell they can not even be convicted unless parliament allows it with a vote so do n't worry about them . 
  also , if they can be blackmailed it means they did something they should have not so perhaps they should not be in politics in the first place , if they did nothing wrong they can not be blackmailed and therefore have nothing to fear . 
  besides , you imply that without mass surveillance the government is not already able to do so which is obviously false . 
  humanity used blackmail long before it started recording history , governments have always been able to spy on political opponents and potentially blackmail them . 
   if avoiding deaths at all costs were the goal avoiding deaths caused by a foreign threat is the goal . 
  just plant new ones , it ca n't possibly backfire . 
  if you have nothing to hide you need not to concern about surveillance . 
  the government does not care if you cheat on your wife of watch weird porn , they are checking for criminals . 
  if you are not a criminal what is the problem ? 
  it 's on par with americans wanting to keep their guns to protect themselves form the government , it 's simply ridiculous . 
  about your comment on the `` very few deaths from terrorism '' , one death is one too many , the job of the government is to protect its people , if to do so they have to get a bit intrusive in regards to my privacy so be it , my privacy is not worth the potential loss of lives . 
  southern italy . 
  fair enough , let 's agree to disagree . 
  i never claimed that capitalism is perfect , i am arguing that it is not the main driver behind conflicts . 
  what you say is true only form a very strict and narrow marxist view of politics and international relations . 
  plenty of scholars disagree with you but hey , being a random no one on the internet you must be surely wiser and more knowledgeable . 
  here is a pretentious cunt . 
  and capitalism still has not directly caused millions of deaths . 
  besides , since the end of the second world war we have been living in one of the most peaceful moments in world history . 
  interstate conflicts have been decreasing enormously , sure , civil wars have surfaced since the end of the cold war but by far there have been very few deaths per year caused by war than in any point in history . 
  as far a i know capitalism is not directly responsible for millions of deaths , communism is . 
  colonization ? 
  a result of imperialism , not capitalism . 
  the crusades ? 
  religiously driven . 
  the thirty years war ? 
  religiously driven . 
  the napoleonic wars ? 
  ideologically driven . 
  balance of power politics and imperialism . 
  ideologically driven but not by capitalism . 
  exploitation of workers is not a core idea nor an essential part of capitalism nor is the destruction of the environment , violent revolution and the dictatorship of the proletariat are an essential part of communism . 
  he never argued for violent revolution or disastrous social changes . 
  tell this to the millions who have died under communist rule . 
   you judge people by what they say then all politicians are honest , caring people . 
   you judge people by what they do what i am saying is that she is not actually going to do it . 
   attacking refugee shelters is attacking a govermental policy  a violent attack on the goverment is terrorism violently protesting against government policy is also terrorism now , i see , so you are arguing for the employment of the army against protesters ? 
  because that is where your reasoning leads , if someone in a protest becomes violent and attacks the police according to what you wrote he is a terrorist and should be treated accordingly . 
  why ? 
  if the taxpayers are paying for it i do not see why they should not be aware of the location of these centres . 
  besides , there are several reasons why they might be sharing the information and inciting attacks most likely is not one of them . 
  personally i think that is just something she says to appeal to a certain audience , not necessarily what she or the party think . 
  i assume he means she would be open to protectionist measures to favour local producers whereas the other candidates seem to be quite happy with the free trade regardless of what it does to the less competitive french businesses . 
  the far right in italy has not been up to much . 
  the lega nord regardless of what people say is nowhere near the level of the old msi and the small fascist parties will never see parliament . 
  are you implying people get old ?
