   `` that the gates will be wide open and immigrants will flock here in minutes '' . 
  no , i 'm not suggesting it wo n't happen . 
  on the contrary , it will happen anyways . 
  in fact , it has been happening even before the 1975 referendum . 
  [ net migration in the 70s for the uk was negative , now it is hundreds of thousands a year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_immigration_to_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:uk_migration_1970-2013.svg ) . 
  the eu is n't to blame for all large scale migration , and yes , a lot of migration can be considered `` good '' , but saying it was happening before the uk was in the eu is a disingenuous statement . 
   you know why the tories suddenly want to quit ? 
  because they woke up finding that european peoples can actually unite against the elites , threatening the little cabal they wished to create through the european project . 
  the game is n't funny anymore . 
  what makes you think the conservatives suddenly want to leave the eu ? 
  joining the eu has always been controversial for the conservative party , thatcher struggled with the issue , john major famously had major problems with party over maastricht and the erm . 
  the eu referendum was an election promise made because the anti-eu wing of the conservative party was being aggressively courted by ukip . 
  in the 2014 european election ukip got 27.49 % , making it the largest single party in the uk at the expense of other parties . 
  to counter this the conservatives emphasised that getting them back into power was the only way to get an in-out referendum , which as it happens was a successful strategy , helping them win the general election with a majority of seats . 
  the conservative government supports staying in the eu , they do not `` suddenly want to quit '' . 
  yes , holding the referendum is arguably as much an act of cynical self interest for david cameron as it is an expression of direct democracy , but that does n't entitle you to make up your own opinion and present it as fact . 
  firstly , i refer you back to my previous post  '' ** there are probably a lot of reasons , ** one other one is that schools in the large cities ( the places which have more non-british students ) get far more money '' i never said it was the entire explanation . 
  secondly , it is not a simple urban/rural divide , it is major cities and the rest . 
  plenty of the places ofsted have described as having [ `` felt little impact from national initiatives designed to drive up standards for the poorest children '' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/too-many-of-englands-poorest-let-down-by-education-system ) are very often substantial towns . 
  right , but the ethnic diversity of the populations of urban and rural areas are different . 
  [ to combine race data with two from the previous example ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/may/18/ethnic-population-england-wales ) . 
  tower hamlets receives # 7,014 per pupil and is 47.66 % white british , and south gloucestershire receiving less than # 4,000 per pupil is 91.15 % white british . 
  [ there are probably a lot of reasons , one other one is that schools in the large cities ( the places which have more non-british students ) get far more money ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/education/2015/jun/10/tory-mps-push-for-money-to-be-switched-from-urban-to-rural-schools )  local authorities are currently receiving funding based on historic calculations . 
  urban schools receive a higher proportion than their suburban neighbours : schools in birmingham will get # 5,218 per pupil next year while schools in neighbouring solihull receive just # 4,237 per pupil . 
  manchester schools receive # 5,088 under the current formula , while nearby trafford receives # 4,232 . 
   london boroughs receive the highest funding , reflecting the higher costs of operating in the city . 
  the city of london receives the most of any local authority , with # 8,600 per pupil , followed by tower hamlets with # 7,014 and hackney with # 6,680 . 
   the worst-off local authorities are those in predominantly rural areas , with leicestershire , cambridgeshire and south gloucestershire all receiving less than # 4,000 per pupil in the current school year . 
  i do n't understand the relevance of what you are saying . 
  non-muslims are still an overwhelming majority of swedes ( ~ 95 % ) , so if the attack does not fit the pattern of a `` lone wolf terror attack '' it is probably a non-muslim , and probably a white person , not because they are more likely , but simply because there are so many more of them . 
  which is why i replied the way i did to the op of this chain , . 
  comparing this to the usa does n't make any sense . 
  i 'm saying , if you 're going to make a guess simply based on probability , it would be a white person . 
  it may be , it may not , but the poster i was replying to was implying the most likely attacker would be someone from a muslim national background . 
  i do n't think that is everyone 's first thought . 
  most of these `` school attacks '' have been people with mental health problems , often white . 
  the only schools that have been targetted by muslim attackers in europe were jewish schools ( not counting beslan ) . 
  in fact , the biggest attack targeting children was anders breivik , someone who was a white anti-mass-migrration person . 
  looking at this , however , it seems that the problem is different to the volkswagen one in a crucial way . 
  with volkswagen , they were specifically adding programming for their diesel cars to realise it is being tested , and change the way it runs to defeat the emissions tests . 
  in this case , it seems that the tests themselves , by only looking at the energy used when the cleaner was empty were fundamentally flawed because that is a relatively small proportion of real world usage . 
  in which case the problem is that the energy tests were flawed , not that there was necessarily something malicious being done . 
  what will be interesting is to see whether bosch played a role in creating the flawed testing regime , through lobbying or consultation with the eu commission . 
  if the claim was made in the uk to uk media , and published in the uk , bosch could almost certainly sue for libel in the uk . 
  this is specifically referring to the refugees that the uk is going to take directly from the camps in jordan/lebanon/turkey and distribute throughout the country . 
  there might be some others from syria who sneak in but this is not talking about them . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with them , i 'm just saying that from their point of view , their indoctrination is just to counter someone else 's attempt at indoctrination . 
  very few people who do now , ( or did historically ) what would be considered evil by modern europeans , consider what they do/did as evil . 
  indoctrination of children into a hateful ideology is just one of them . 
  they usually think of it as a `` pre-emptive strike '' to protect their children against the indoctrination of others . 
  the reason highly conservative religious people practice home-schooling is because they believe that the state school system indoctrinates their children in things like acceptance of actions they consider sins , and religions other than their own denomination ( the one true faith ) . 
  to turn it around , if you were in a country where the prevailing views were like saudi arabia , you would remove your child from influences outside of your home/community , try to avoid exposing them to the teachings of wahabbi strains of islam , and to be tolerant of others faith , sexuality etc, 
  sort by controversial : we have a winner !, 
  true , but those are issues of chinese nationalism , not some sort of wider ideology or religion . 
  not to say that chinese nationalism will never become militaristic or expansionist in the future , but it is n't at the moment . 
  afaik , there is no gmo wheat grown commercially in the uk . 
  this year has had extraordinarily good weather for farming ( plenty of sun , good timing and quantity of rain ) in south and east england , so it probably has a lot to do with that . 
  i think obama has done as well as is realistic to expect , and if i were an american , i probably would have voted for him both times as well ( and not just because of the candidates the republicans put up ) . 
  it 's just that in 2008 there was way too much `` irrational exuberance '' about him , which just was n't realistic . 
  of course , it was n't just american college students being too optimistic ( exhibit a : nobel peace prize ) . 
  remember in the 2008 election the idealistic left was busy circlejerking about obama ( the not-white candidate who opposed the iraq war , wanted to shut down guantanamo , promised health care reform etc ) . 
  now , i think obama has done an okay job , given both his domestic opposition and world events , but i think everyone can agree that there was a bit of a cult-like optimism with the `` hope '' about his candidacy from the left ... 
  well , manpads are irrelevant to the ypg , they have been careful to not burn bridges with the sar ( you can see how they cooperate with the saa/ndf in hasakah ) , and by not antagonising assad , they do not get targeted by airstrikes either from the syrian air force , or now the russians . 
  manpads are useless against is ( which has no aircraft ) so would probably end up in pkk hands being used against the turkish air force . 
  while turkey is wrong in refusing to see any distinction at all between the ypg and pkk , there is undoubtably a close relationship between the two . 
  this is why air strikes and heavy equipment handled by `` approved '' kurdish forces ( the krg 's peshmerga ) has been preferred to handing heavy weapons directly to the ypg , as those can not be transferred to the pkk . 
  as the us has found in trying to `` vet '' groups , identifying `` moderate '' forces to help is incredibly difficult . 
  the simple fact is that many of the most successful rebel groups are islamists , and in a lawless environment , ruthless authoritarian fundamentalists have an advantage over moderate rational forces . 
  i just hope that the russian intervention stops the slow motion collapse of the saa , and brings all those involved to the table . 
  meaningful peace talks can only happen when both sides no longer believe victory is possible . 
  sure , but that wo n't end the war . 
  the ypd are only really interested in autonomy for areas with significant kurdish populations . 
  they have been useful in securing much of the syria/turkey border to choke off isis 's flow of ; money , manpower , and materiel , but ultimately , they are n't going to resolve the conflict in the major population centres outside of the north-east of syria ( damascus , homs , aleppo , hama , deir ezzor etc ) . 
  the kurdish populations in most of syria are too low to either motivate or justify pyd takeover in those areas . 
  an `` outright victory '' , means either assad 's sar or a coalition of islamist rebel groups is going to end up with control of syria , and while neither of those are pleasant options ( or even guarantees of peace ) the alternative is a long war that drags on as each external power redoubles the money and weapons funnelled to their proxy forces whenever the other side gets an upper hand . 
  not really , the warsaw pact 's tanks like the t-64 , t-72 , and t-80 were pretty advanced for their day , and often better than their western equivalents , only becoming obsolete later , or with stripped down export models . 
  [ while the bulk of the warsaw pact armour was t-55s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cold_war_tank_formations ) , western armies also had a a large proportion of light tanks , m47/48s , and early model m60s which were also dated . 
  where nato had a big advantage in the air , and surface of the sea , the warsaw pact invested in advanced sams ( which showed their worth in the egyptian crossing of the suez ) , and a large nuclear attack submarine fleet ( the threat from just 1 submarine , after hms conqueror sank the argentine flagship , kept the entire argentine navy stuck in port for the rest of the falklands war ) , which would go a long way to neutralizing these western advantages . 
  add in the fact that reinforcements from the usa could take weeks to bring significant reinforcements across the potentially submarine infested atlantic , while the ussr had no such issues in the main european theatre , it seems quite likely that nato stopping a warsaw pact conventional attack without tactical nuclear weapons would be incredibly difficult . 
  i 'm not sure how likely that is , britain and france have both toned down their public stance on assad in recent weeks , saying that assad does n't need to go immediately for peace . 
  i would probably look to this part of the article for a clue :  russia , in turn , appears to favor others being kept in the loop , even if they are n't sitting at the negotiating table . 
   russian foreign minister sergey lavrov told the security council on thursday that moscow wants `` standing channels of communication to ensure a maximally effective fight . '', 
  he listed iran , russia , saudi arabia , turkey , egypt , jordan , qatar , the us and china as nations with a role in syria talks . 
  it 's possible that russia is insisting that if ; the uk , france , and germany are allowed in , then they get to bring in a load of countries of their choice . 
  ultimately , the three european countries have a far smaller involvement in syria compared to countries like ; usa , russia , iran , ksa , and turkey , so i do n't see why they need to be part of negotiations , even if it 'll bruise a few egos . 
  sure , there was n't a war , but a large part of why the ussr 's economy `` went to shit '' as quickly as it did , is because of the arms race with the usa and the usa 's ( and ksa 's ) support of the mujahideen in afghanistan dragging that war out ( to the present day , as it happens ... ) . 
  that said , the balance of military power between nato and russia now is incomparable to the cold war situation , where the warsaw pact vastly outnumbered nato , so comparing the two situations is always going to be misleading . 
  not really surprising , because the economy is doing fairly well overall , and the areas where it is n't doing well are in places that would n't vote for a conservative mp if he was the second coming of jesus . 
  what happened in poland 2011/2012 ? 
  every other year there was a 10-20 % annual drop , then it more than halves in one year . 
  was that actually an improvement in safety ? 
  or a change in recording ? 
  russia said they are bombing is , then they apparently bomb a non is held area . 
  nobody is claiming they know what those who died believed , the dispute is about what organisation the targets belonged to , and whether russia 's statements are accurate or misleading ( unintentionally or otherwise ) . 
  [ i suppose , since i have n't seen it posted yet , and it 's the rwc at the moment ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atpxymuwxns ), 
  the f-35a has already dropped significantly in unit cost . 
  the massive cost overruns have been issues with the program , not the individual aircraft . 
  as i said , for finland the gripen probably makes the most sense in terms of value for money , however , the f-35a is actually becoming competitive with the eurofighter and rafale in terms of value . 
  yeah , if they 're buying new , the only one of those that is affordable is the gripen . 
  it 's possible , if they are taking the long term view on credible deterrence , that they select the f-35a ( if the price drops enough once it is in full rate production ) , but it would still cost more than the gripen .
