  there was in fact an exercise this year `` griffin strike '' which had 3,500 uk and 2,000 french personnel working together ( video [ 1 ] ( http://www.janes.com/article/59833/exercise-griffin-strike-2016-demonstrating-the-anglo-french-combined-joint-expeditionary-force ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.army.mod.uk/news/28545.aspx ) ) . 
  while all eu countries working together would be ideal , getting the biggest ones to do so first is the most important step . 
  then again , the uk is also doing something similar with the us . 
  working on [ integrating the 16th air assault brigade into the 82nd airborne ] ( https://www.army.mil/article/146933/largest_bilateral_exercise_for_20_years_concludes__marks_interoperability_milestone/ ) for joint operations, 
  that transport aircraft number is hilariously high ( 345 for germany ) the only way they could get there is counting every single utility/transport aircraft ( fixed and rotary wing ) . 
  so yeah , that is putting the uk 's relatively new c-17a strategic airlift in the same category as the bundeswehr 's legacy uh-1 fleet ... 
  this globalfirepower list system is grossly oversimplified . 
  it seems the luftwaffe 's fighter numbers includes both their typhoons and their tornado ids , whereas for the uk , only their typhoons are counted . 
  i 'm not sure why this is . 
  i did n't think the german ids are markedly better than the uk 's gr4 standard in the air to air role . 
  considering that using the tornado ids in an air to air role at all today would be a desperate act . 
  i do n't think the ids version is equipped for modern bvr combat . 
  also the raf & faa are getting the f35b to replace the tornado , which will bring the uk 's numbers of credible fighters far above germany 's for the foreseeable future . 
  i do n't think germany has planned a tornado replacement yet . 
  truly a magnanimous contribution to the world . 
  not kidding , i 've played the shit out of warband ( plus mods ) ... aaaaand now i 'm excited for the second one again :(, 
  yeah , i was surprised by some of the juries making non obvious decisions . 
  what i really want to see though is the phone voting breakdown . 
  well , the scoreboard is n't the same , but the overall winner is probably the same . 
  i do n't think it was trying to remove politics , it was trying to make the vote announcements more exciting , so we do n't have foregone conclusions halfway through voting . 
  afaik , scoring was 50:50 between jury and phone in before , do the result is the same as if it were n't changed . 
  simple , the uk just sends a weegie every year . 
  good luck working out what he 's saying :d, 
   im sorry , but that means that your previous clame that there was n't a war in the last century is n't true then , so what else is n't true ? 
  i was arguing that it was reasonable that tactics were out of date , because there had not been a major war . 
  if the only major european war you can point to only involved around a month of actual combat between competitive armies from only two countries , surely that proves my point ? 
  my point was that the new technologies present in the american civil war ( which is why i specified a european war ) , were mostly present in not particularly decisive quantities . 
  while it did showcase some technologies like the mini\u00e9 rifle and spencer carbine , it still was n't the same . 
  i think the british cavalry had changed a lot because of their experience in the boer war , so they were some of the better prepared cavalry for ww1 . 
  however you are right that the general usage of cavalry for anything other than reconnaissance or colonial wars was already taking place . 
  what ww1 brought though was the beginning of the rebirth of the cavalry role in tanks . 
  cavalry on horses may have been present , because they were still around , but they were n't often used in a direct combat role as in the 19th century on the western front . 
  eh , all i can find about bombing in 1911 is [ one italian pilot dropping some grenades over the side of the aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giulio_gavotti#aerial_bombardment ) . 
  sure , it is a first for bombing from a heavier than air aircraft , but once again , it is not being used as anything other than a novelty , rather than an integral part of warfare . 
  these smaller wars sometimes helped prepare for ww1 , but other times they were misleading . 
  the obvious example is the schlieffen plan based on the experiences of the franco-prussian war , that did n't work out in the circumstances of ww1 . 
  however the one i find most amusing , is the experience of naval warfare in the american civil war , where ironclads were nearly impervious to guns , [ but the sinking of a ship by ramming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_ram#steam_rams ) meant over the next decade warships were equipped with rams despite it rapidly becoming obvious this was a dead end, 
  right , but the western front is what this thread was taking about , where the must large scale use of defences , and the technologies & tactics to defeat those defences , occurred . 
  in the franco-prussian war , the well trained and equipped french forces were out of action a month after the prussians started there offensive in august , due to metz and sedan . 
  the rest of the war had sine big battles , but they were mostly one sided with unrepresentative french forces , i think . 
  american civil war was still lacking in many of the technologies . 
  the gatling gun was a field gun more than representative of the automatic weapons of ww1 , and i believe was only used in too small numbers to have much effect ( it was more used in colonial wars ) . 
  the impact of the gatling gun was minor compared to the combination of the ; magazine fed rifle , the maxim gun , light machine guns ( like the lewis gun ) , and toward the end of the war the submachine gun made its debut . 
  it 's one thing to be trained to use the maxim gun , it 's another to realise what it meant en masse to warfare . 
  the bef went into the war with only two machine guns per battalion . 
  yes , horses for mobility rather than cake had been the case hit a while , but mounted troops of any sort were in the way out . 
  so what if a few observation planes were used in 1911 ? 
  that was a continuation of aerial observation balloons . 
  the point was in ww1 both sides had observation aircraft , which would then shoot at each other , which stimulated actual aerial war . 
  you seem to like deliberately misinterpreting me , it does n't make you sound clever . 
  the franco-prussian war was a short war between two countries , compared to the large multi-year attrition conflicts of ww1 and napoleon . 
  the war of manoeuvre with quickly mobilised forces was a at between major powers , but it was n't on the same scale . 
  with those highly specialised components , that would also leave open the possibility of targeted bombing of their specialised factories . 
  a cruise missile strike on a missile seeker , or jet engine factory would cripple what production there was . 
  i think in ww2 something as simple as ball-bearing factories were considered a priority target for bombing for this reason . 
  it must be even more true today . 
  it would be interesting if the americans plan on using their ohio ssgns for this purpose . 
  depends how big the war is , and how much warning there is before the outbreak . 
  if it 's a gradual increase in tension over months , stockpiling would occur . 
  if it was a limited scale war , there may be leasing of weapons from friendly nations not involved in the war . 
  like the sidewinder missiles the usa gave to the uk in the falklands as the faa lacked effective aa missiles . 
  yeah , i do wonder about the bottlenecks on production with some long lead items . 
  running out of long range anti air missiles because you ca n't make enough radar units for them would be disastrous . 
  i do n't particularly blame the leaders for their performance . 
  one thing that a lot of people do n't realise is that there had n't been a major war in europe for a century , and that warfare since napol\u00e9on had not only changed beyond all recognition , but had yet to be invented in 1914 . 
  air warfare , strategic bombing , motorised logistics , armoured warfare , creeping artillery barrages , the end of cavalry , chemical warfare , submarine & anti submarine warfare , widespread adoption of automatic weapons . 
  all that and more had to be invented and developed . 
  no surprise that tactics had failed to keep up with technology . 
  if a major war happened again today , something similar would happen as theory met reality . 
  eh , in the uk , foch is barely mentioned . 
  almost all the blame goes on british leaders , particularly [ douglas haig , who has attracted the epithet `` the butcher '' , unfairly or not ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/douglas_haig,_1st_earl_haig ), 
  except strategic nuclear weapons do n't work on the same rules as conventional warfare . 
  taking away the ability for a nuclear power to carry out a second strike , if they are the party being attacked , is by its very nature destabilising . 
  presumably they 'll want more interesting terrain and settlements than gallipoli , so they 'll go for the mesopotamian campaign . 
  with a small chance they 'll go for the arab revolt if they 've got a t.e. 
  lawrence fan on the team . 
  if the usa and nato were not nuclear armed , you would have a point with your comparisons . 
  however , this is not the case . 
  the ability to carry out a nuclear attack is itself a defence for russia , as the retaliatory ( second strike ) part of mutually assured destruction . 
  the creation of a comprehensive strategic abm system would effectively neutralise russia 's defence against nuclear attacks . 
  for russia to go from a situation where nuclear war does not occur because both sides would lose , to a situation where they exist at the mercy of washington , would seem hostile . 
  i 'm not referring to this deployment in romania . 
  that is too small and too far south to threaten the second strike ability of russia against western europe . 
  i 'm talking about how the concept of the strategic abm system can be dangerous between the usa & russia . 
  well , i was talking in terms of the tpyical nomenclature of islands in an archipelago . 
  i was also taking the piss :d, 
  it might be even more similar if the scots were to `` opt out '' of the withdrawal , separate from the uk , and describe themselves as `` european unionists '' . 
  interesting !, 
  it all gets very different once you center your map on the irish sea , and consider how the people on either side of that sea could interact better than with the other side of their own island . 
  seems i 've started attracting ca n't - take-a-joke-downvotes though , hah !, 
  well , if this is called great britain , does n't that make ireland little britain ? 
   bad guys in mighty ducks ii holy 1990s , batman . 
  to some people , if your teeth are n't pearly whites , they 're bad teeth . 
  it 's a cultural difference in what healthy teeth are , quite often . 
  you ca n't blame them for being confused , since you 're in the british isles :\\ ^ ), 
  well yeah , as i said , this particular site in romania is of no threat to russia , and fits into the usa 's claims that it is to protect europe from ballistic missiles launched in the me region . 
  russia is probably opposing the principle , so that the usa does n't set the precedent that a larger more comprehensive abm program is acceptable . 
  a bit like the usa conducting those freedom of navigation exercises with those chinese man-made islands , to prevent china setting a precedent for creating territorial water ( and eez ) out of nothing . 
  ballistic missile defence is a destabilising factor for nuclear war . 
  it increases risk of nuclear war with russia in two ways .
