  there was absolutely nothing with relation to nato . 
  huh , i was under the impression that it was the snp that abolished the [ post-graduation `` graduate endowment '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuition_fees_in_the_united_kingdom#the_graduate_endowment_and_its_abolition ) , since that happened in summer 2007 , after the may 2007 holyrood election . 
  if it was going to happen anyway , i 'm wrong , i guess . 
  i do n't know which was the main reason , but there certainly were quite a few : * the focus on weapons industry . 
  the ussr 's engineering prowess has allowed them to produce aircraft , missiles and other military hardware competitive with the west despite smaller budgets . 
  unfortunately this meant they lagged behind in many other areas as their centralised economy neglected developing desirable consumer goods , like cars . 
  * russian cars were not competitive technologically or economically when they lost their `` captive market '' with no transition period , the former ussr and warsaw pact countries buy elsewhere now . 
  with competition inside russia as well , their industry has not recovered . 
  * emigration of those with desirable skills , as you already said . 
  many to the usa and europe , but this can clearly be seen with the huge number of highly skilled russian jews who went to israel after 1990 . 
  with their ussr education , they had a great impact on developing israel 's high-technology industries . 
  looking at the effect they had there , you can see it was a great loss to russia . 
  scottish labour would probably not have made tuition free in scotland if they controlled holyrood . 
  the only reason it works as a policy is that the snp were willing to discriminate against english students to bring in the policy , in a way that the labour party , with its uk-wide accountability , never could . 
  what rubbed me the wrong way , when i watched her `` admission '' , was that she immediately quoted similar predictions from the obr and the uk government and basically said everyone was wrong , so thats ok . 
  except it 's not . 
  the snp used those oil price figures to tell scottish voters that oil revenues were a nearly one-way bet , and that the no campaign in the referendum were fear-mongering by pointing out the unreliability of being dependant on a volatile commodity with rising extraction costs . 
  i 'm not a scot myself , but voting snp can make sense even if you think the union should continue . 
  some voters of scottish labour , for example , have come to feel that the current uk-wide party does not represent them ( `` branch office '' ) . 
  it is well known that the new labour shift to the centre was prompted by the more conservative english electorate , and some in scottish labour have been frustrated by this . 
  while scots may wield disproportionate influence in the labour party , and westminster ; england by virtue of its size ( and tory/labour swing constituencies ) will always be the most important . 
  voting for an mp that openly states that they will look out for scotland , and who does n't have an english westminster whip to make him vote otherwise , can make sense . 
  not forgetting massive migration from ireland , and the influential protestant ( huguenot ) french and walloons . 
  apart from all the other points , i believe the uk economy dropped much harder and faster than most of europe at the beginning of the recession . 
  [ we only got back to where we were before the crisis in the middle of last year ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2014/jul/25/uk-economy-growth-gdp-peak-george-osborne-business-live ), 
  we all know that there are plenty of exceptions in the eu , that is n't an insurmountable barrier . 
  i ca n't think of any serious objections that could be had by other eu states . 
  all of them are relatively wealthy countries with a culture compatible with european values . 
  if those countries joined the uk-ireland travel area it would n't have a negative effect on the rest of the eu . 
  maybe they meant in terms of physical goods . 
  the caption below is talking about physical items . 
  the cia list probably includes services . 
  i think his point was not that the government might be dishonest , but that governments often produce awful awful videos that leave you cringing at the memory , [ like this infamous one from the eu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbwznxx7d4q ) . 
  yes , it was actually [ produced by the eu commission ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/mar/06/european-commission-criticised-racist-ad ) . 
  even that article you linked says 22/28 eu member states are in nato , and 22/28 nato countries are in the eu , one does not necessarily follow the other . 
  it just says that eu collaboration on defence leads to nato , when in fact all it leads to is farcical eu initiatives on defence which go nowhere , if anything the eu competes with nato on defence . 
  finland joined the eu in 1995 , and 20 years later still has not joined nato , nor is it planning to . 
  in 2008 , several eu countries ( most significantly france and germany ) recognised that admitting ukraine and georgia to nato [ would be provocative to russia and refused to admit them ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/7328276.stm ) . 
  yes , i am surprised how many russian supporters regurgitate the ukraine su-25 as an interceptor story . 
  there are far too many problems with that ; the aircraft is wrong ( laden su-25 is unlikely to be able to intercept a 777 at cruising altitude and speed ) , the weapon is wrong ( neither ir seeking missiles or cannon are consistent with the catastrophic damage ) , and there is much triumphal online evidence ( since deleted , but archived ) separatists did shoot down an aircraft on that day . 
  if i was a russian propagandist , i would probably have focused on the fact that ukraine knew that the separatists had a sam capability due to their losses over previous weeks but they still directed civilian air traffic over the conflict area . 
  that is a legitimate question to ask , unfortunately for them , that would still mean acknowledging that the separatists actually also share blame for killing hundreds of civilians through their negligence as well , and that the ukrainian government , while incompetent , was not intentionally killing civilians . 
  at the very least , they could suggest a slightly more plausible scenario , like a su-27 using r-27 missiles . 
  there was the preliminary report in september by the air safety investigators , which states that the disaster was not to do with the plane or crew , but the impact of numerous external high velocity objects . 
  the purpose of that report was not to blame any specific party , we will need the outcome of a dutch-led criminal investigation to have an idea of what happened . 
  [ this article from december claims that they are hoping to release a report some time in mid 2015 ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/09/us-ukraine-crisis-mh-iduskbn0jn0rn20141209 ), 
  huh , how accurately do the english subtitles convey the nuances of putin 's words ? 
  from the way the subtitles make it look , when he indignantly replies to the interviewer the line `` the question about ` targets ' for russia only serves as provocation '' . 
  it seems like he is claiming offence at the suggestion russia might try to seize crimea . 
  looking at the youtube comments , it seems the russian line is that there was a secret plan for the russian forces to be expelled and sevastopol to be turned into a nato base , which meant that the situation had changed enough for putin 's words here to be irrelevant . 
  though it 's amazing how putin knew this was going to happen as soon as yanukovych left , obviously it is because he is a `` chess genius '' who is thinking 100 moves ahead ... 
  i vote that we use scotland 's official animal , the unicorn . 
  it retains the fabulousness of conchita wurst , and while magestic , is currently mythical ( like a united , single , europe ), 
  this is awesome !, 
  i especially liked them stating it is a fact that mh-17 was shot down by a ukrainian su-25 , then in the very next breath deploring the west for blaming russia for the tragedy without having carried out an investigation . 
  top drawer hypocrisy !, 
  it 's quite near the centre of the network , and the area around it is pretty pleasant . 
  it 's a bit late now for you , but i would recommend walking to get around central london if its rush hour , you see more stuff that way . 
  if you really need to get to the picadilly line , then leicester square station is something like 5 minutes walk away from covent garden . 
  possibly covent garden if you were there as a tourist . 
  you either have to take the lift , or a staircase of nearly 200 steps . 
  oh man , that part with the trumpet ( or similar brass ) at ~ 46s is amazing . 
  though watching everyone stand there totally stationary straight-faced for the whole thing is what makes it . 
  they must know it is awful , but they ca n't stop , they just need to go through the whole thing . 
  i can only imagine that the band were planning on miming it , but then their cd of the russian anthem got lost , that is the only plausible explanation for that performance . 
  haha , that is the best rendition of the russian / soviet anthem i have ever heard , [ it reminds me of the `` my heart will go on '' recorder cover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2wh8mhjnhm ) , except with a whole band , and not a parody . 
  i like baseless speculation as much as the next yurop-ean , but this is getting a bit excessive , for me right now 11 / 25 of the / r/europe front page is about russian current events , most of which is based on rumours . 
  yeah , he just gave away that it was obviously a false flag operation by a swedish / mossad joint scheme to start a conflict between russia and nato to something something traditional family values . 
  i would dispute whether poland is anywhere near a leading role . 
  france , uk , germany , and the benelux countries still comprise nearly 2/3 of the eu 's defence spending , poland 's is about 4 % of the total , or 18 % of france 's spending . 
  add in the fact that both the majority of the eu government and the nato europe command is based around brussels , and there is certainly a lot of sense of basing a eu force command there . 
  sure the actual forces would make more sense to be based in east poland , for reasons of ; deterrence ( most likely path of attack is east ) , lower running costs , and better availability of land . 
  since we are cutting the size of the raf , it is actually a good thing . 
  the raf will probably be too small to see benefits from having a `` high-low '' mix like the us does , however , we will see a lot of benefits with regards to logistics and economies of scale by only using one plane . 
  this will mean that the entire raf and rn 's faa will be flying aircraft with commonality . 
  by the time all the typhoons are retired ( probably the 2030s ) the f-35 should be a proven platform , and if it is n't , the mod can just do what it always does , and kick the can down the road . 
  firstly , nobody actually thinks there is a coup , so this is all just idle chatter . 
  the reasoning is simply that to be able to remove putin at the height of his national approval would need someone more ; aggressive , devious , with greater control of the state security organisations , and a willingness to take what they want through force . 
  that person would probably not be an improvement on putin . 
  it is also [ rumoured that the delayed signing of the treaty for the integration/annexation of south ossetia ] ( http://www.civil.ge/eng/article.php?id=28127 ) will also take place at the celebration . 
  if that 's true , they 'll be having a very big party indeed . 
  the kind of person who could remove putin from power by force is the exact person you least want running russia . 
  most of the media coverage has not focused on the importance of greece itself , but on greece setting a precedent for bigger countries like spain and italy . 
  afaik , the projects for dassault 's neuron and bae 's taranis [ are supposed to be merged ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/120-million-anglo-french-defence-contract ) . 
  it remains to be seen whether this will actually happen ( when it comes to sharing research , sharing work , and choosing prioritisation for capabilities , the record is n't great ) , though i do n't think anyone can afford to fund a next generation combat uav without as much pooling as possible . 
  neither of them are anywhere near being a complete weapons system . 
  the only plausible reason that they would n't help , would be if ; russia managed to manufacture a plausible cause for the war , if the war had limited aims , and if they explicitly threatened nuclear first use against any country that intervened on poland 's behalf . 
  i ca n't really think of any plausible reason russia could have to invade poland , however . 
  surely the usn cutting their order would explain why poland wants to start buying them now . 
  this could mean that raytheon has unexpected spare production capacity , and so it must either scale down production , or sell the excess missiles at a low unit cost that a small order ( like poland is making ) would n't normally be able to get . 
  [ afaik , the isotope used was polonium 210 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isotopes_of_polonium#polonium-210 )  the majority of the time 210po decays by emission of an alpha particle only , not by emission of an alpha particle and a gamma ray . 
  about one in 100,000 decays results in the emission of a gamma ray . 
  [ 5 ] this low gamma ray production rate makes it more difficult to find and identify this isotope . 
  national gdp per capita , is vaguely correlated with an individual cities average household income , which is vaguely correlated with the cost of rent . 
  i would n't put too much stock by it . 
  though if you insist on using gdp per capita , central west london is probably at least comparable with geneva http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oecd_regions_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  that is the entire point , the advertisement is technically correct . 
  the most galling thing , is that in estate-agent english , you can describe a 12 m ^ 2 room as a perfectly acceptable living space and charge someone through the nose for it with a straight face . 
  `` compact studio apartment '' i think if the letting agent took any more liberties with the english language , it would file a restraining order .
