  * stalin ignored [ substantial warnings of an imminent german invasion ] ( http://m.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-13862135 ) , and was caught entirely by surprise . 
  * stalin stubbornly refused to allow his forces to retreat when threatened with encirclement , causing the unnecessary loss of hundreds of thousands of soldiers and their equipment who , caught in a kessel were annihilated . 
  in britain we say the same thing about churchill , an awful peace time leader , but the least-worst option to lead the country in war . 
  however , i think the ussr could have had a better leader than stalin ( if stalin had n't purged every alternative ) , because his ruthless nature was at least as much a liability as it was an asset . 
  fighter jets are ridiculously expensive , it makes no sense for a neutral country like ireland to spend hundreds of millions of euros on a squadron of jet fighters , when they are n't even a target . 
  the bigger issue is that they are dependent on the uk 's long range active radar capabilities to know what is in their air space . 
  while you could argue that the uk probably owes ireland free radar coverage , it could be worrying that ireland does n't have the ability to safely direct civilian aircraft itself . 
  going by the uk 's nightmare on nuclear power plant dealings recently , with france 's edf and japan 's hitachi , it is possible orban made the right call in going with russia . 
  also , russia may have been willing to make a deal favourable to hungary in order to divide the eu and nato . 
  however , there may be unforeseen problems , of course , and since we wo n't know the exact terms of the deal for 30 years , there is no way of knowing if this was a good or a bad deal . 
  i had heard previously that us soldiers were very well supplied with ; food , confectionery , and cigarettes . 
  since there was famine in much of europe and cigarettes were often used as a barter currency by gis who did n't smoke , it has been claimed that many gis would trade these for sex , reducing the need for violence . 
  now , it must be said that this is still sexual exploitation . 
  taking advantage of starving people for your own sexual wants . 
  also , there were still undoubtedly many thousands of violent rapes by us ( and british ) soldiers . 
  however , considering the soviet forces actions ; the sheer number , level of violence , and risk of disease ( us government distributed millions of condoms to their soldiers ) , equating the crimes , as the title does , is far too simplistic . 
  by all means , do n't forget the war crimes of the western allies , but if we just said `` all sides comitted crimes so everyone was just as bad '' , that would not be true either, 
  he 's a member for over a year with nearly 3k comment karma , he probably is n't . 
  pretty much 1853 to present apart from 1907-1917 , 1941-1945 , and perhaps a brief period after 1991 until we started disagreeing over the former yugoslavia . 
  well england against france goes back a lot longer . 
  probably since 1066 when the normans became the rulers of england . 
  after 1066 , england had its normandy territories bordering france . 
  then , under the plantagenets , they had a claim to the french throne . 
  this led to centuries of conflict . 
  wales you can kind of count , since welsh troops were involved in england 's wars in the medieval period , but scotland was a [ french ally until the late 16th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ) , and [ england did not directly control ireland for a long time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ireland#norman_ireland_.281168.e2.80.931535.29 ) i suppose it 's similar to prussia , a long term french enemy , which went on to be the nucleus of germany , an even bigger french enemy, 
  well no , it was n't a criminal investigation , it was only supposed to point out facts , not point fingers . 
  however , i believe it concluded that the most likely cause was a buk warhead type in russian service , fired from separatist controlled territory . 
  without saying it was russia , that still is pretty incriminating . 
  i think the squaddies would still prefer to be deployed to cyprus , but i 'm sure they 'll appreciate the baltic as well :\\ ^ ), 
  presumably this will just be a form of affirmative action . 
  so when you apply for a position , you fill out a form disclosing any minority statuses ( race , sexuality , ability ) , and those who meet a diversity quota get an interview even if their application is weaker . 
  i 'm predicting a lot of heterosexual people ticking the bisexual box on their job application . 
  how do they even prove you are or are n't ? 
   according to the general public . 
  not according to , you know , actual serving soldiers . 
  it would be a hell of a lot more worrying if a opinion poll of european soldiers had similar results . 
  right , but it is the governments of the countries , accountable to the people of their country , who have to decide whether to deploy their forces . 
  the soldiers do n't get to decide anything . 
   nato has seen to be very deterring in the past , what 50 + years , with exactly 0 invasion attempts , even when the opposition to nato was much stronger and more powerful than it currently is . 
  the exact point is that the nato of today is not the nato of the cold war . 
  then , nobody would question that nato would respond to an act of aggression , not least because west germany was filled with hundreds of thousands of multinational forces , with millions more poised to reinforce . 
  today , nato 's border countries with russia have no permanent nato forces , and are defended by just local forces , which are far inferior in quantity and capability to the forces facing them . 
  secondly , nato of today struggles with irrelevance both in western europe , where there is no credible unifying threat , and in the usa , where patience with subsidising europe 's security wears thin . 
   nato 's mutual defence is the most credible alliance in recent history . 
  any possible agressors know this , and they know that it 's a death wish to attack any nato country . 
  it 's simply insane to think nato would n't respond militarily to any attempt of an attack , be it through proxies , or a mass invasion . 
  is it still credible ? 
  if territory was seized , can you categorically state that all the western nato powers would launch an offensive to seize it back instead of going via sanctions and international means ? 
  if russia seized a russian majority region from estonia , or a land corridor to kaliningrad , how sure can we be in the near-to-medium term that nato members would be willing to risk nuclear war to get it back ? 
  the point is that nato 's deterrent in the baltic states is not particularly credible . 
  at some point in the future , should russia decide to seize somewhere like narva through whatever cassus belli they decide , [ there is a good chance that nato and the eu wo n't try to seize it back militarily ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-46/ ) . 
  if nato 's mutual defence is not credible , that in itself risks war , as it may tempt an ill advised opponent to test it , if they convince themselves that article five will not be acted on militarily . 
  no shit the usa and its allies will have a `` one iraq policy '' . 
  if you 're trying to prevent iran ( and to a lesser extent russia ) becoming the uncontested friends and influences on iraq , then publicly advocating the breakup of iraq is a bad idea . 
  baghdad will justifiably be furious if you do . 
  besides , there is no neat dividing line between them . 
  deciding who gets kirkuk for example , would become at the very least an angry point of contention , if not a cause of ethnic cleansing or even civil war . 
  yeah in that period we have ; nuclear program , korean war , suez crisis , malayan emergency , and ( after the creation of nato ) the expansion of the british army of the rhine ( baor ) . 
  as well as the loss of big parts of the empire , so more of the cost of maintaining the military fell on britain itself . 
  well , i daresay that if you asked a lot of them what popery was , they might tell you it was that smelly dried flower stuff their nan has in a bowl . 
  i can see the effigies of merkel and juncker already , will make a change i guess . 
  hah , like you 'd be able to `` remove fleg '' that easy ... 
  well , that is why this initiative could be actually effective . 
  hundreds of thousands , possibly millions , of uk voters have family or close friends in ireland . 
  hearing pro-stay arguments from these people you personally trust and respect carries more weight than hearing it from some foreign career politician or columnist for a lot of people . 
  well , the transition from the kmt being the internationally recognised ( by the west ) leaders of china , to the ccp is an interesting story in itself . 
  it 's a pretty unique situation . 
  it 'll also be interesting to see if a taiwan national identity wins out over a chinese one despite beijing 's efforts , in the long run . 
  [ admit you 're just trolling the poor micks ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_boyne ), 
  [ we already have a precedent for exactly this with china ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hainan_island_incident ), 
  it 's still not nato . 
  nato is a decades old military alliance with collective defence as a central concept from the beginning . 
  the budapest memorandum was wishy washy set of statements without an obligation for military action created in a hurry to help while tidying up the nukes left lying around the former ussr . 
  honestly , beyond the sanctions , what should have been done once crimea was already annexed and russia admitted its role ? 
  nope , the [ budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) was nothing to do with nato . 
  while i agree that a nato military base in poland is probably a bad idea , the article does n't really bother addressing the purpose of the base . 
  it repeats uncritically the line that it is a poor tactical move that would just be a target . 
  when the entire point of such a base is to force a theoretical russian attack to attack western forces bringing the alliances main powers into the war . 
  it is to enhance the credibility of article five . 
  the countries on russia 's border doubt nato would really go to war to save them , and with poland 's history , you ca n't really blame them . 
  in the uk , the media like embarrassing the government by reporting on equipment problems . 
  which has played a big role in [ billions of urgent operational requirement spending ] ( https://www.gov.uk/guidance/standing-commitments#urgent-operational-requirements-uors ) , and the recent commitment to the 2 % gdp spending goal for the next parliament . 
  a lot of this was because of casualties in afghanistan & iraq , for example , [ new nvgs ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-10729935 ) . 
  since most of europe does not willingly mount major operations , and america is there to bail europe out , i doubt much is going to change for the foreseeable future . 
  in sweden 's case , there is not an easily foreseeable circumstance where their forces will be deployed offensively abroad , or sweden will be singled out for attack , so the political decision to neglect defence will go on . 
  i am aware sweden is not in nato , but i wanted to point out that one of the most under-appreciated problems with european militaries is underinvestment in equipment , [ as shown in graph 5 ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_01/20160129_160128-pr-2016-11-eng.pdf#page=3 ) . 
  well-maintained , updated , equipment is being neglected badly , and as you say , it is hollowing out the armed forces of europe such that if they are actually tested in even a moderate conflict , they will struggle badly . 
  not really , almost all of the non-african forces involved in combat were french . 
  france simply borrowed logistical support ( cargo , reconnaissance and tanker aircraft ) . 
  it 's the combat part that is controversial and politically difficult . 
  the real difference is that the netherlands does n't have the same bilateral connections that france does with its former empire , which led to the mali intervention in the first place . 
  also , it seems the german navy article includes all supply ships , whereas the [ royal fleet auxiliary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_fleet_auxiliary ) is a separate organisation . 
  i can imagine that being a pretty bad problem , especially because [ the regiments keep the different regions together ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_british_army_regiments ) , so you do n't get any mixing of the accents as they talk to each other the whole time . 
  well , that has long been one of the main purposes of nato , and it has done the job fairly well . 
  for example american french and british armoured forces coordinated effectively in the rapid assault into iraq during the ground phase of the gulf war , and operations between nato isaf members have gone for the most part fairly well . 
  what i 'm talking about is rather than the respective commanders of the different national forces working together seamlessly , actually integrating the forces of smaller countries within those of a larger country . 
  that example i mentioned of cjoax involves fully integrating british paratroopers into a larger american airborne unit . 
  so in 2014 they integrated a british company into an american battallion , in 2015 a british battallion was integrated into an american brigade , and they hope to be able to integrate the entire british 16 air assault brigade into the american 82nd airborne division , under the direct command of the americans in the next few years . 
  consolidation of armed forces in europe is n't a bad thing . 
  [ if you look at graph 5 ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_01/20160129_160128-pr-2016-11-eng.pdf#page=3 ) one of the biggest problems in european defence apart from underfunding , is too much being spent on overheads and personnel rather than equipment .
