  here 's hoping energy diversity will see more investment . 
  sarkozy , started off on promises of reform to boost frances business competitiveness , then rapidly became one of [ the most unpopular french presidents in recent history ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/feb/10/nicolas-sarkozy-popular-president-toxic ) . 
  hollande was elected on a socialist ticket , and has since become [ incredibly unpopular himself ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-07-01/sarkozy-is-in-police-custody-and-still-more-popular-than-francois-hollande ) . 
  it is interesting that two extremes of policy have been elected one after another , but both have failed to deliver their reform . 
  some in the uk media compare the hopes for the shake up sarkozy hoped to deliver to thatcher . 
  except i do n't think he ever had a chance to implement change on the scale thatcher did . 
  thatcher had a fair few advantages over sarkozy ; british prime minister effectively has the power of president & prime minister combined , the second chamber ( house of lords ) was full of hereditary peers who would back the conservatives 100 % , the main opposition ( labour ) was discredited by the 1979 `` winter of discontent '' then went to extremes of policy ( like nationalisation , very high taxation , and unilateral disarmament ) that made them unelectable , the opposition vote was split between labour and the sdp-liberal party , and then of course the success in the falklands war made her incredibly popular due to nationalism . 
  her reforms were highly polarising , and harmed many areas and people in the uk ( especially northern england and scotland ) , i ca n't imagine anything similar happening any time soon in the uk . 
  despite the conservative led coalitions cuts , uk public spending is still increasing year on year , and the major parties disagreements on levels of taxation and spending are relatively small compared to what it was previously . 
  i do n't think anyone disagrees that france needs some sort of reform , but neither right or left has enough support to fully implement its policies . 
  russian peoples are famous for their ; scientists , mathematicians , and many forms of art ( literature , music , theatre , dance ) . 
  it is sad that some do not know this . 
  i hope that those who compare putin 's russia , to nazi germany , recognise what germany has accomplished since its people were given another chance . 
  i 'm not sure what the main reason is , but here are a few possible ones ; 1 ) public opinion : while the annexation of crimea is popular in russia , despite the initial lies about russian forces being involved . 
  it was nearly bloodless ( for russia ) , and the view that crimea should not have been part of ukraine in the first place is very strong in russia anyway . 
  an actual war against ukraine , while likely to decisively go in russia 's favour , would incur significant casualties , and most russians are not very enthusiastic about a slav against slav war . 
  2 ) international agreements : if russia openly invades ukraine , it would undermine the international agreements that have prevented ; nato bases in the baltic and poland , the us anti-ballistic missile sites in poland & czech republic . 
  if russia can get what it wants without justifying nato further increasing its size and moving its hardware closer , it will . 
  3 ) risk of further war . 
  iraq thought that if it could rapidly capture kuwait , then it could deal with the political fallout , as kuwait did n't have any allies to protect it , while iraq had the fourth largest armed forces in the world . 
  instead , the us mounted a counterattack to remove iraq from kuwait , despite previously funding it in its war against iran , and not being bound by any alliance to do so . 
  such a blatant provocation of invading and occupying an entire country ** could ** lead to an attempt by the us through nato to remove russia from ukraine through a limited regional war without escalating it to world or nuclear war . 
  this would ultimately end in either defeat for russia ( and public opinion would inevitably bring down putin ) or a nuclear exchange , neither of which putin wants . 
  4 ) occupying ukraine is has more costs than benefits . 
  let 's say russia invaded and quickly occupied eastern ukraine , reached kiev , and forced the government to accept peace in return for recognising russian possession of eastern ukraine . 
  what now ? 
  with the removal of most of the russian-speaking portions of ukraine , the rest would be majority anti-russia and pro-west , international sympathy would likely accelerate the accession of the remains of ukraine to the eu and nato ( something russia would want to avoid ) , and countries that are currently trying to remain neutral , may join in sanctions on russia ( many central asian countries , like kazakhstan are already getting uneasy with russia 's treatment of ukraine ) . 
  in return russia gets a bit of land , that while one of the more wealthy parts of ukraine , is still poorer than the russian average , and has been destroyed by war , so will be an economic burden on top of the sanctions . 
  that is why it would prefer a frozen conflict , than occupying the territory . 
  [ i find it hilarious that the `` student loans company '' has its head office in the one place in the uk that does n't have student loans ] ( http://www.slc.co.uk/about-us/locations.aspx ), 
   also , looking at the speed and precision with which putin manages to build up his armed forces in ukraine , and how he uses them , let me assure you : the russian armed forces are very well trained . 
  in fact , it 's caught nato off guard . 
  we knew putin was modernizing his forces , but we did n't realise to what extent they had already been modernized . 
  that realisation is now starting to sink in . 
  what has caught nato off guard is not that russia has the means to carry out these kinds of operations , but that it had the will to . 
  all recent russian deployments have been close to russian borders ( chechnya , georgia , ukraine ) . 
  the ukrainian forces they are up against are a ukrainian military that has been under-funded worse than russian forces at the time putin came to power ( and for longer ) , and recently recruited militias with very light equipment and training . 
  the alleged russian forces inside ukraine are only supposed to number less than ten thousands at any one time , have had several months to be mobilised and are equipped with as little post-soviet hardware as possible for the sake of denial . 
  what is most surprising is how brazen russian actions in seizing crimea , and supporting rebellion in eastern ukraine has been . 
  right , but the ignition for the unrest in eastern ukraine was hysteria surrounding the proposed removal of russian as an official language , leading for demands for greater autonomy . 
  while russian-speaking ukrainians identify as ukrainians , they are proud of their russian-speaking culture . 
  there is n't a direct parallel i can think of , but it is like the people of quebec and the french language . 
  while the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois ( narrowly ) rejected independence in a referendum , if the official status of french language and culture came under threat , public opinion would quickly harden in favour of greater autonomy , or independence . 
   it can not work in ukraine , those people are fighting for their country and will not lose the will to fight . 
  from what i understand of ukraine , it is a fundamentally divided country , between those who identify as ukrainian , concentrated in the west , and those who identify as russian concentrated in the east . 
  the divisions draw on strong emotions surrounding issues like russia 's actions in the 1930 's ( eg holodomor ) , and then the nazi collaborators in ww2 . 
  what is important , is that these wounds of the past are allowed to heal , and ukrainian identity is forged which looks past language and history . 
  while it could be argued that the eu being prepared to offer ukraine a trade deal is a provocation , i would counter that constant russian rhetoric about `` ukrainian '' ukrainians being nazis , on russian state media ( broadcast in eastern ukraine and crimea ) and whenever putin opens his mouth , has not helped either . 
  the polarisation of politics in ukraine is exploited by politicians on both sides at home and abroad . 
  soooooooooooo , we got any planes to put on them yet ? 
  that is why ( before the nato summit ) obama made a point of choosing estonia to visit . 
  estonia being one of only 4 nato countries meeting the 2 % of gdp defence spending target . 
  two main reasons : * they are counting mbts , rather than all armoured vehicles . 
  [ the cvr ( t ) vehicles latvia have bought date from 1970 and weigh in around 8 tonnes . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat_vehicle_reconnaissance_%28tracked%29#europe ) the latest russian mbt in service , the t90 , weighs in around 47.5 tonnes . 
  most western mbts weigh around 60 tonnes . 
  if we were to include all light armour , like the russian bmp family of vehicles ( [ 18.7 tonnes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bmp-3 ) ) , the russian numbers would be far higher . 
  * they are ( according to the source quoted by wikipedia ) only going to all be in service in 2019 ( first arriving in 2016 ) , in 5 years , while the map looks at what is available now . 
  apparently the sold vehicles require refurbishment and the crews and engineers will need training . 
  [ they have bought 120 old light armoured vehicles from the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat_vehicle_reconnaissance_%28tracked%29#europe ) . 
  they are light armoured vehicles dating from around 1970 . 
  to put things into perspective , these armoured vehicles weigh around 8 tonnes , whereas a full modern mbt weighs in over 60 tonnes , over 7 times heavier . 
  this old light armour will be useful for ; mobility , reconnaissance and infantry fire support . 
  however , they will not fare well going up against the latest mbts or anti-tank missiles , and were never designed to . 
  well actually , it was n't so much `` evenly '' matched , but asymmetrically matched . 
  their navy could n't secure the channel long enough to invade , our army could n't take on the french on the continent alone . 
  today france and the uk have roughly equal population , but during the napoleonic wars , the french had more than three times the population of britain ( roughly 38 million to 12 million ) . 
  nearly all major english/british army victories on the continent against the french since the hundred years war , were as part of an alliance . 
  [ blenheim ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blenheim ) with the hre , [ salamanca ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_salamanca ) with the portugese , and of course [ waterloo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_waterloo ) with the prussians . 
  what britain usually did in a war with france , was to fight overseas , where the royal navy tipped the fighting in their favour , and support france 's enemies , wherever we found them . 
  this video is old , i 've seen it before , and it 's nice to see lively debate in the eu parliament , however even as a non ukip supporter , i have to disagree with mr verhofstadt : * nigel farage 's `` job '' as far as his voters are concerned , is to raise the profile of the cause of the uk 's eu exit . 
  he does this job quite well , as can be seen by the rise in ukip 's fortunes under his leadership , including coming first in the 2014 eu election , and securing their first westminster seats ( albeit in a by-election with defection ) . 
  * in fact , if he were to spend a large proportion of his time contributing to the legislation produced by the eu , he would be betraying his own supporters . 
  in the uk , an example of this is that sinn f\u00e9in mps in ni famously have a policy of abstentionism , refusing to sit in westminster because they do not recognise its authority over ni . 
  * the uk is a net contributor to the eu , so it is reasonable to say that the money he is paid is not the eu 's , but the british voter 's , and so if they support ukip 's eu parliament policy , that is a matter for them , not continental meps . 
  the area of sea here between wales and cornwall has one of the worlds highest tidal ranges , and plans [ for a tidal barrage have been proposed for decades . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/severn_barrage ) however , there have been a lot of difficulties getting it accepted , mainly due to environmental concerns ( the severn estuary is a very important bird habitat ) . 
  this lagoon idea is a compromise to generate electricity from the tide , while minimising the environmental impact . 
  afaik , the economic viability is a little shaky , and it wo n't work as well in most other places , since it relies on a large tidal range . 
  i chose the word `` prominent '' , because i knew that the word `` leading '' was incorrect , but i still wanted to emphasise the fact that he has ; repeatedly made the news , held a government position in the past , and was in fact an organiser of today 's protest . 
  the intention of that word in context was to emphasise that this was n't an ordinary protester who got attacked by some ultra-nationalist thugs , but a man of some consequence who it is likely was assassinated , making him ( at least until all the facts are known ) something of a `` martyr '' for those opposed to putin . 
  this was supposed to help emphasise that a 50,000 turnout under the circumstances ( assuming this number is accurate ) is nothing remarkable . 
  or you could just disagree with me for the sake of it , if you like . 
  while nice to see a lot of people standing up to object to russia 's government , remember that ; moscow is a massive city of ~ 11.5 million , a prominent opposition figure has just been assassinated , and muscovites are generally some of the better informed russians about current affairs . 
  compare that 50,000 to the estimated [ over 750,000 which attended the 2003 london anti-iraq war demo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/february_15,_2003_anti-war_protest#london ) . 
  which as we all know failed to have any impact on the government 's decision . 
  those numbers of protesters are an unusual event , but not a decisive event . 
  after the 2008 war with georgia , the passport handouts to russian speakers in the former ussr , the nationalist language being used by russian politicians , and the increase in funding for russia 's armed forces , you did n't exactly need to be a wizard to predict russia was going to be more assertive toward former ussr countries . 
  some of the other predictions , like the next line-up of superpowers , and the date & sides in an upcoming world war 3 look distinctly like they 've been wrenched from his inner rectal recesses . 
  the expertise to develop and make world class weapons systems is not something to be discarded lightly . 
  becoming fully dependant on the usa will impact the long term security and independence of europe . 
  also , due to the protectionism and government control of defence contracts , the industry actually creates a lot of [ skilled engineers in poorer areas that may not otherwise get such investment ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/bae-systems-announces-plans-to-recruit-2000-new-apprentices ) . 
   it is all wiped out by being a major participant in a pointless war that killed millions of people . 
  christ , i ca n't believe i 'm about to defend blair in any way ... sure , blair 's contribution to the events of the iraq war are reprehensible , but then there is no need to exaggerate . 
  violent deaths in iraq since the invasion are at [ 224,000 ] ( https://www.iraqbodycount.org/ ) , and excess deaths from all causes ( eg disease ) were at [ 461,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24547256 ) as of 2013 , that is a huge , horrifying , number , which makes adding another `` 0 '' to it all the more pointless . 
  it is a false equivalence to compare saville 's lifetime of raping children to blair 's invasion of iraq . 
  it is entirely possible that blair did honestly believe that saddam was continuing to develop wmd , and that it would be a positive change to the world if he was removed . 
  if he did that out of a tragically misguided intention to do good , that is not the same as saville 's actions , because i do n't think there is any possibility that saville was so deluded as to believe raping the most vulnerable children in britain was going to do any `` good '' other than satisfy a depraved sexual appetite . 
  i was only really thinking of post ww2 , partly as that 's what we tend to think of in the uk , but also because that was the time period i got the impression we were talking about ( why republicans f\u00eate reagan , but conservatives do n't do the same with thatcher ) . 
  a large part of it i feel , is the way they lose their leadership of the country .
