  a nato ballistic missile defence undermines russia 's second strike capability , which gives russia a greater incentive to pre-empt a nato attack with their own russian nuclear first strike . 
  at the same time it might give us hawks the belief they could `` win '' a nuclear war with russia , by destroying the 90 % + of russia 's ready missiles in a first strike , then intercepting any retaliation . 
  while this missile defence site in romania itself is not in itself a threat to russia , russia seeing the policy as hostile is not in itself unreasonable . 
  personally , i think it is more about russia resenting perceived sleights where treaties negotiated as peers between the usa and ussr , are discarded by washington now that it views moscow as its inferior . 
  which led to the amusing situation when the recession started , earnings fell , the poverty threshold based on the average fell , and so the number of people in relative poverty decreased , despite poverty by other measures increasing . 
   when in fact they were rather more careful than say the uk 's security forces . 
  the difference there is that the police and the army wore uniforms , had military bases & police stations , and went on predictable patrols / manned checkpoints . 
  if the pira routinely were wearing a ski mask & carrying an armalite 9 to 5 , while they went to work at the pira office with a postal address ( and not just when they were in the process of carrying out an attack ) , you can be sure that the security forces would target them better . 
  that 's not to say that the ruc was n't unpleasantly sectarian , or that using ordinary soldiers for police-work was n't a recipe for trouble ( like bloody sunday ) , but comparing the two sets of figures directly is apples to oranges . 
  if turkey is invoking it for a purpose that does n't meet the criteria for article 5 , i do n't see how that undermines it . 
  you do n't get to invoke article 5 for silly reasons , because the rest of nato has to agree . 
  nato agreeing to a consultation ( article 4 ) because of turkey 's security situation is far away from going into a war of aggression on behalf of the akp . 
  why would something like that endanger the situation ? 
  the original cyprus intervention did n't cause a wider war , i do n't see why a change in the situation now would . 
  besides , how would kicking turkey out of nato improve the situation ? 
  the western members would lose one of the ways they can influence turkey , and push them close to russia . 
  rationally , there is no reason to remove turkey from nato over this . 
  turkey 's national politics is a separate issue from long term international security . 
  nato has weathered worse , including france 's withdrawal from the command structure without removing anyone . 
  unless turkey became a serious liability in instigating ww3 it should stay . 
  in both of the two biggest security threats facing europe , russian unpredictability and the refugee crisis , turkey is in prime position to play an important role . 
  kicking turkey out of nato is if anything going to make both those problems worse . 
  one answer to that is an indoor exercise bike . 
  basic models are n't that expensive , and you can quite often get a second-hand one cheap on local ads / ebay if you 're willing to drive to pick it up . 
  set it up in front of the tv , and you can use half an hour a day you would have spent sitting on a sofa getting some moderate exercise . 
  if you would like to know more on the end of yugoslavia , and have a lot of time to spare , i [ suggest this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oodjsdlosyo ) . 
  while not perfect , it does a better job than most of chronicling the events of the conflicts . 
  sure , there is the principle of the thing ( a nation should have control over its defence ) , however realistically it is n't a restrictive limit . 
  with the amount germany wants to spend on defence 370,000 personnel would be excessive , nearly all the budget would go onto personnel costs ( pay , pensions , accommodation , healthcare , food ) with little left for new advanced weapons and specialised training . 
  the uk has a far bigger military budget than germany , yet it is numerically smaller than even germany 's `` small '' current forces . 
  the defence needs for the two countries are different though . 
  finland is a mostly neutral country which shares a long land and maritime border with a large historically hostile ( and currently unpredictable ) country , whereas germany is surrounded by friendly countries , but with expectations/obligations that comes with its size and economic power . 
  while finland needs the numbers to act as a deterrent to being attacked itself , germany needs deployable forces it can use to reassure and contribute to the security of eu countries on its borders , as well as deploy in collaborative security missions far abroad ( like their current training mission in iraq , and the isaf contribution in afghanistan ) . 
  finland 's sheer numbers are what it needs for its defence , whereas germany needs to balance its personnel numbers with the capability to deploy abroad . 
  reading the article , it seems to be more about payroll negligence/cock-ups and penny-pinching policies ( making workers pay for their uniforms etc ) than simple underpayment . 
  as to it being too high , i would n't say so . 
  besides , most of the guilty businesses appear to be services companies operating in the uk with uk customers so it is n't like they have the excuse of having to compete with other countries with a lower minimum wage . 
  if anything , cracking down on enforcement is the best thing to do , because it means businesses that scrupulously pay their employees what they deserve are n't being penalised in competitiveness by their honesty . 
  that the existence of al qaeda and the taliban government is partially the usa 's responsibility does not make the attacks the usa 's fault . 
  it seems it is always those who do n't like the usa , who believe it is all-powerful . 
  the rise of violent islamism post cold war is far more complex than `` the cia did it '' . 
  irrelevant again , none of that makes the us the aggressor . 
  that the islamists who founded al qaeda were among the groups that received us/pakistani/arab support in the ussr war in afghanistan means the usa is partially responsible , but does n't make it the aggressor . 
  exactly , india may have been interested for the possibility of maritime use and nuclear strike , but for the majority of potential rafale customers , those are features that will never be used , so are n't worth considering . 
  not really , most updated 4th gen aircraft are capable of multi-role of an adequate level for a small country . 
  the ; f-16 , f/a -18 e , and gripen c will do anything a country like ; poland , hungary or finland needs them for . 
  irrelevant . 
  nato was not involved in iraq and libya , and at no point did the usa claim the integrity of the usa was at stake over afghanistan . 
  article 5 merely states that an attack against one state should be considered an attack against all , it says nothing about the attack . 
  the use of article 4 for a consultation about fears of a threat has been invoked by turkey and in 2014 by european countries bordering russia , but not by the usa . 
  al qaeda had been based out of afghanistan since the mid 1990s and had been repeatedly planning and executing attacks on us targets from there , the fact that they targeted the conus with such a severe attack as 9/11 makes such an invocation reasonable , especially considering in practice the non-us nato forces used to remove the taliban were relatively small . 
  on the plus side , the personal allowance ( the annual income level at which you start paying income tax ) has risen from ~ # 6500 to # 11,000 since 2010 , and the minimum wage has risen from # 5.93 in 2010 to # 7.20 now , increasing to # 9.00 by 2020 . 
  so those with a decent amount of contracted hours are doing a bit better than they were . 
  the issue is whether public services are going to be funded at an acceptable level . 
  mate , do n't go there , the people on that plane and their families do n't deserve that . 
  probably , because messing with the common travel area at this point would be politically idiotic , nobody wants to do that . 
  both the [ british prime minister and the irish taoiseach agree on this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/kenny-and-may-agree-no-return-to-hard-border-after-brexit-1.2734884 ) , and i 'm sure that everyone in stormont agrees on this as well . 
  after the troubles ended , the ireland - northern ireland border is more or less completely open , and the general trend for the next generation is less sectarian ( though of course it does n't magically disappear overnight ) . 
  if the place is left to heal with open borders , with a free exchange of people and culture , there 's no harm in letting the future of northern ireland be decided by a future generation . 
  they 're all men , amirite ? 
  my local 's landlord managed to get free from their pubco last year , and they 've never been happier . 
  punch taverns , bunch of bloodsucking wankers . 
  that is the point , that some countries , particularly those in central and eastern europe might feel that they want to maintain enough armoured forces to act as a conventional deterrent should nato-russia relations deteriorate . 
  also , germany is unlikely to need to make their forces deployable , since they do n't do the same interventions as france & uk due to their politics . 
  most conflicts are distant , and low intensity , where the logistics requirements of tanks do n't make sense . 
  what we do n't know is how important tanks will be between near peer countries in the future , even without bringing up nbc protection . 
  one exception has been civil wars like the eastern ukraine conflict and syrian civil war , tanks have been significant there . 
  just saying that getting rid of mechanised forces is a risky decision , for those hoping to be prepared to fight a land war if needed . 
   so its quite shocking to see how high the pow death rate was for american pows held by japan , given how late they must have captured them ... not really , remember that most of the american prisoners were taken shortly after japan declared war , just like the commonwealth . 
  singapore surrendered 15th of february 1942 , the american surrender after the battle of bataan in the phillipines was 9th april 1942 . both resulting in a similar number of prisoners , and similar treatment of them . 
  honestly , out of the five aircraft offered , the only one significantly better as an interceptor is the typhoon , and even that does n't hold a candle to a dedicated interceptor like the mig-31 . 
  i suspect that the top two in this competition will be the gripen e and the f-35a . 
  assuming that the main concerns are the lifetime costs , and the credibility as a deterrent to russia . 
  well , 1500 is the numbers of vehicles being replaced . 
  whether all of them are replaced in a 1:1 fashion remains to be seen . 
  considering romania has a much smaller , professional rather than conscript army than it did when it bought the tab series apcs during the cold war , they will probably buy fewer than that . 
   not all of us . 
  it is worth saying that from the articles on this matter , it seems the reason they came under suspicion was because they were called out to fight fires so much more than other neighbouring crews . 
  which means that the honest behaviour of other firefighters is what got the bad ones caught . 
  childrens clothes in the uk are 0 % rated for vat , whereas adult clothes are 20 % , also the pound having fallen heavily over the past year probably contributes to pricing anomalies . 
  though yeah , still looks like poles are getting ripped off . 
  fuel cells would be fantastic , but it faces the twin hurdles of high costs for a high power density unit suitable for use in a car , and the lack of a consumer hydrogen production and distribution network . 
  the simple fact is that batteries are cheaper , and electricity distribution infrastructure is already there . 
  for the majority of users i would envision that fast charging would be sufficient . 
  according to the uk highway code you are supposed to take a 15 minute break for every two hours you drive , if they can get to the point where you can recharge three hours of driving in 15 minutes , it 'll be more or less there for responsible road users . 
  the way i envision battery swapping system , would be you would pay to be a member of the scheme ( including a deposit ) and instead of owning the battery you are in effect leasing it , so changing does n't matter . 
  though as you point out , if you go to countries which are outside of this infrastructure it gets difficult . 
  these kinds of long term commitments to transition are exactly what is needed for the investments to be made in fast-charging technology and infrastructure to fix the weaknesses of current electric cars . 
  that said , unless some sort of fast battery-swapping programme or economical fuel cell technology is mature by then , they 're going to have to make exceptions for those who need to drive long shifts every day . 
  [ considering france has set exactly the same date ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jul/06/france-ban-petrol-diesel-cars-2040-emmanuel-macron-volvo ) , the effect as more and more european countries make the commitment will be significant . 
  true , but setting the time limit now will affect medium/long term planning by car companies and consumers . 
  it guarantees 100 % market share for electric cars past this date , and 0 % for diesel/petrol , while for consumers they will need to plan on the availability & price of after-sale support , and resale value of their purchases . 
  by setting a fixed date , it gives car companies the confidence today to invest in expensive infrastructure and transition their r&d to purely new electric technologies to try and get ahead of their competitors , so that by the time 2040 rolls around , the changeover will be almost complete . 
  some weapons are more useful in an offensive role ( such as tracked armour ) , whereas others are more useful in a defensive role ( such as infantry operated anti-tank missiles ) . 
  theoretically , if the usa supplies weapons which are more useful in a defensive role , it can help deter separatist/russian escalation by making any offensive by them too risky to contemplate , without emboldening the ukrainian government into making any rash decisions themselves . 
  in reality of course , no weapon can be considered `` purely defensive '' , so whatever decision is made must be carefully reached . 
  there have been so many articles about russian spending on the sochi winter olympics , of brazilian spending on the world cup and summer olympics , and of the qatari world cup bid & construction . 
  the russian world cup has barely been mentioned except as an aside to the qatari one . 
  i can only presume it is some sort of global fatigue in reporting on dubious spending on big international sports events . 
  i 'm not sure why the article feels the need to treat the fact the jets will need future spare parts and upgrades to be paid for , or that if the pound has fallen in value it will cost more to buy , as major revelations .
