going off that , if an austrian emigrates , how does the citizenship work if they apply in their new country ? 
  they have to renounce being austrian ? 
  who are citizens where , one or both of the parents ' countries , or where they were born ? 
  i do n't mind if they do n't apologize on their ancestor 's behalf , but pretending a genocide never happened is not okay . 
  or north korean citizens . 
  can you source that treaty ? 
  that 's fascinating that turkey has that right . 
  the idea of spying is n't a good one for most , but can poland really be faulted here ? 
  it 's an unstable neighbor heavily influenced by russia , who is not a friend of europe . 
  the french started strong , but left others to finish the job ? 
  what makes a place attractive for the roma ? 
  what would make it less welcoming ? 
  why would the united states supreme court hold a case on a german business ' actions on argentinian soil ? 
  it 's the correct decision ; it 's not the court 's place . 
  i should declare my own ignorance of eu economics before saying this : why not choose germany or france instead , if money is the motivation ? 
  drive north for a bit , you 'll find some . 
  really ? 
  weird rule . 
  could a universal income actually work ? 
  as far as i can tell , it would just cause inflation so that the extra income might as well not be there . 
  in soviet russia , grammar corrects you !, 
  you win this round . 
  in a word , no . 
  no we are not . 
  good point . 
   just not having an established religion is not enough . 
  i wish i could give you a thousand upvotes . 
  turkey 's politics must be really different from germany 's if the advantages are as good as you say . 
  ah , now i see . 
  speaking of adding states , how do you feel about the 2012 referendum ? 
  i 'll pm if this is too off-topic . 
  what 's with all the muslim hate ? 
  such as ? 
  does n't that make it prohibitively harder to expand the eu as it grows ? 
  or was that the purpose in the first place ? 
  no problem . 
  yusuf tazim 's still offended though . 
  alright , i misunderstood you then . 
  i had thought you meant to change what 's used in turkey , not just teaching them to communicate with other europeans . 
  we were allied with the soviet union in wwii . 
  edit : ( s ) he asked a question , what 're the downvotes for ? 
  why the language push ? 
  ouch . 
  what gives you this opinion ? 
  it was a joke ; so many people blame the education here . 
  you 're right , i 'm not brilliant , and i did n't see that . 
  so , mexico invades texas , but we still have to keep the texans ? 
  what kind of crap is this !?!, 
  more seriously , i think that 's a good argument , but not entirely the same . 
  if mexico became part of the u.s. , then occupied texas is part of the u.s. again , and the conflict is removed . 
  i see your point though , and it 's explained brilliantly . 
  thanks . 
  i tried that ( well , i used bing , but same difference , really ) , but none of the definitions i found seemed to make sense in this context . 
  thank you for the insight , i know very little about that matter . 
  i did n't even know cyprus was part of the eu ; that certainly amplifies the issue 's importance . 
  how long ( ballpark estimate ) do you think that will take ? 
  is the cyprus issue that big of a deal ? 
  is germany against turkey 's bid , then ? 
  while we 're on that subject , which major countries are for/against turkey ? 
  thanks . 
  correct me if i 'm just misinterpreting you , but to me it sounds like you 'd like to see turkey join for their benefit , not necessarily the eu 's . 
  edit : nothing wrong with that , i 'm just trying to clarify . 
  for the life of me , i ca n't tell what `` convergence '' means here . 
  but , i 'm from ` murica , so i 'll just go ahead and blame the education i 've received thus far for my own ignorance . 
  on a presidential level , only if they hit 3 % of votes in the previous election , i think . 
  on smaller scale elections , i 've no idea if things are different , or if ~ ~ federal ~ ~ campaign funding even exists . 
  seriously ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  though the candidate i supported was jill stein , including gary johnson in the debate would possibly have helped bring more attention to third parties in general . 
   there 's no laws that prevent 3rd parties from having power in government . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  i do n't know if it 's law or just policy , but in order to get federal funding a party needs to get like 3 % or something in the previous election . 
  also , in order to get into the presidential debate , i believe the third party has to be polling at 15 % . 
  it 's been a while since i looked this up , so i apologize for any inaccuracies . 
  the muslims want a christan republic ? 
  what allowed poland to do so well ? 
  holy shit . 
  did it not hit poland as hard ? 
  i was joking . 
  i have no knowledge of northern ireland nor its relationship with ireland or the uk . 
  terms and conditions apply , results not guaranteed . 
  the irish , depending on your view . 
  alternatively , it 's about 1950 casualties of world war i. 
  the concept of giving up national sovereignty to any extent , regardless of the benefits it may bring , is n't a popular one . 
  fear of russian reprisal and potentially losing the eastern part of the country are also valid considerations . 
  texas . 
  uganda backtracked on outright murdering non-heterosexuals , right ? 
  remarkable thing about your nation ; there truly is no getting rid of poland . 
  the poles ca n't afford our fancy pixelation techology . 
  is it legal to withdraw from a treaty ? 
  it seems pointless if it 's only in effect when they want it to be . 
  it seems like a treaty would n't be written to allow people to leave without consequence . 
  surely withdrawing from a treaty as a convenience for war is an offense in itself ? 
  is it ? 
  i mean , i do n't think having many different cultures is necessary . 
  it 's not at all a bad thing , and it can be very interesting , but there 's no particular benefits to being different from other peoples . 
  is turkey 's bid for entrance a major topic in europe ? 
  do you think turkey is stretching stretching the limit of what is and is n't europe , given their location ? 
  if turkey could join , could n't russia as well ? 
  ( geographically , not politically )
