  then you forgot to buy the set from the countess who collects witcher gear . 
  she was at the auction . 
  if you miss it , the only way you can get viper set is through console commands . 
  you prolly missed something , after finishing the base game and hos i was lvl42 . 
  unsheathing is the easy part , geralt can just tilt entire scabbard over his shoulder to pull out his sword , sheathing the sword is the real problem ... 
  sadly , witcher mutations do n't make your arms longer xd, 
  actually geralt does n't even have a silver sword for the huge chunk of witcher saga . 
  after he got rekt on the isle of thanedd , he used a bunch of random steel swords until zoltan gave him his . 
  alps ca n't transform . 
  she 's either a really old and powerful bruxa or a true higher vampire like regis and dettlaff . 
  finish the main story . 
  continuity goes in order of release . 
  main game -  hos -  b&w, 
  it 's not that obvious but yes , if you have a keen eye , you can catch it . 
  b&w has big references to main storyline and one huge reference to hos . 
  yes, 
  no he does n't , he does n't actually fully pull out his sword , the sword just goes through textures about halfway out like / u/code412 said . 
  it 's impossible to unsheathe/sheathe a sword of that size that way . 
  what 's that steel sword you have there ? 
  tesha mutna steel sword and cantata . 
  they might not be the best stat-wise but they look absolutely amazing . 
  i was losing by 20 goals , host migration happens and i 'm left 1v3 . 
  match ends 52-4 and a guy on enemy team drops `` lol rekt '' ... i died inside . 
  not playing this shit ever again unless they improve on it . 
  not to mention that manticore armor is geralt 's default armor in witcher 1 . 
  when he 's talking to that smith in beauclair , he even says that he used to wear manticore armor before . 
  o'dimm gave me some serious chills . 
  a devil incarnate who can control space , time and reality at will . 
  how do you disable upscaling ? 
  thank you, 
  ca n't blame him tho , he 's not a battle commander and had no experience leading a large force of men into a battle . 
  he did n't even have someone to advise him . 
  interactions are minimal . 
  i 'd say should still finish the main game before jumping into expansions . 
  in hos , if you choose `` evil ending '' , you can get some clues on how to get certain main game endings . 
  b&w is geralt 's last adventure , it loses emotional value if you do it right when it becomes available . 
  it 's deadly counter mutation . 
  if enemy is low hp , that skull indicates that geralt will instakill that enemy if he performs a parry . 
  options -  gameplay -  enemy upscaling -  on \\ off . 
  turn it on and all enemies in the game with scale with your level . 
  also you should finish the main storyline first . 
  hos is in no way related to the main plotline . 
  b&w is geralt 's last adventure , it loses emotional value if you do it right when it becomes available . 
  sign builds do n't really work all that well with ursine set . 
  urisne set is all about adrenaline swordsmanship build and massive dmg rend . 
  viper and manticore sets for me . 
  maybe because i love crit swordsmanship/alchemy hybrid builds . 
  dude got liquefied while helping you , geralt owes him one . 
  witchers are shunned and hated by everyone . 
  they have a hard time settling down so most of them just do what they do best , kill monsters . 
  because geralt treated him as an equal and not some kind of a freak or a monster . 
  geralt 's friendship meant a lot to him . 
  dude , at full stacks it has 100 % crit chance . 
  you were messing around with your level , prolly used console commands to increase it or something . 
  you 're not supposed to be that overleveled . 
  on my second playthrough with 100 % completion i barely reached lvl42 ( before b&w came out ) . 
  as for your complaints about the story of hos , they 're outright unjustified and stupid . 
  i do n't know how geralt could swordfight a devil incarnate who can control space , time and reality at will . 
  if o'dimm wanted , he could 've incinerated geralt on the spot just by snapping his fingers . 
  he 's arguably the most powerful being ever introduced in witcher universe . 
  not only , [ spoiler ] ( / s `` if you choose not to help olgierd , as a reward you can ask o'dimm to help find ciri . 
  he says that `` she 's hidden from his gaze '' and that even he ca n't meddle in some matters . 
  instead he assures you that you will find her and gives you tips on how to get `` good '' witcher ciri ending . 
  i found this interaction to be hella cool . '' ), 
  from your initial comment it 's really easy to assume that you beat the game already . 
  my apologies , should 've just ignored my comment if you have n't actually played through hos yet . 
  last wish -  sword of destiny -  blood of elves -  time of contempt -  baptism of fire -  the tower of swallows -  lady of the lake, 
  i 'll try to explain without spoilers . 
  one of the characters in hos expansion drops some tips and clues on how to get `` good '' main storyline ending but only if you choose to side with him . 
  ignore my spoiler comment , it 's as spoilerish as they come . 
  like / u/lunnetik said , witcher gear does n't scale into ng + , you 'll need to gather legendary witcher gear which is basically the same gear but with better stats . 
  if you prefer attack power/alchemy hybrid build , manticore and cat sets are best suited for that . 
  also prepare to die ... a lot . 
  it takes some time to gather legendary witcher gear again . 
  roll , roll like crazy and wait until he swoops down then chip away at him . 
  witcher + l.a. 
  would play the shit out of it !, 
  synergy perk is lyfe dude , you gain so much dmg out of it if you 're going swordsmanship build . 
  try to fit that in . 
  [ try this ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1054/ ? ), 
  do n't overthink it , it 's just a trailer . 
  just did the quest literally 5mins ago , no bugs were encountered . 
  it carries over to ng + but you need to beat regular mode first . 
  the caretaker , cat and dog were summoned by olgierd to serve iris . 
  that 's all we know . 
  ethereal is just a visual manifestation of iris 's fears , it inhabits her painted world and torments her . 
  no relation to master mirror . 
  what she says is not true . 
  olgierd summoned master mirror because he was desperate . 
  his noble family was in ruins , he became poor and the one he loved was promised to another man . 
  at that point olgierd already had the heart of stone , he had absolutely no compassion and just treated iris as his possession . 
  olgierd was trying to summon master mirror again so he could cancel their contract because he realized what that contract was doing to him . 
  it 's insignificant to the plot but it 's definitely not yen . 
  master mirror is an ancient being who existed since the beginning of time so it 's not surprising that some ppl know about his existence . 
  olgierd summoned master mirror but he was n't careful when wording his wish so master mirror twisted his words and corrupted his wish . 
  he made olgierd immortal but in turn stripped him off his feelings . 
  emiel regis rohellec terzieff-godefroy , yes he says his full name multiple times in the books . 
  you either end up fighting all of them or only the werewolf . 
  i just killed the werewolf . 
  novigrad has the most powerful fleet in the world , that 's one of the reasons why both radovid and emhyr want it so badly .
