  positioning and timing of your dodges is the key . 
  if you get surrounded , you gon na die 100 % . 
  you can chip away at groups of enemies by mashing dodge and landing light attacks in between . 
  grapeshot also works really well to disperse the crowd . 
  in one of the quests where you visit the auction house , you meet the countess who collects witcher gear . 
  by choosing right dialogue options you can ask her to show you what she 's selling . 
  you can buy full set from her , it looks almost identical to geralt 's stock armor set from the beginning of the game but has some custom textures lined with scales . 
  the set is really good . 
  playing ng + for the first time and just started book series . 
  yes you can randomly stumble upon monsters , if you take the trophy after killing them , you can claim your coin after you get the witcher 's contract for them . 
  i think it should 've been other way around with doran killing off sand snakes and ellaria . 
  he also has some redeeming qualities despite his love for burning ppl who practice magic xd, 
  for some reason beardless geralt in witcher 3 does n't look right for me , i love his short cropped full beard . 
  when i first got it , i played it for 8 hours straight and only had to stop and take a break because hunger was killing me . 
  it 's truly something special . 
  igni , i love the flamethrower . 
  that super tardiness man , cancels out his super speed . 
  omg , i did n't even realize . 
  shipping wars here we go again . 
  in the novels triss was madly in love with geralt and geralt only viewed her as a friend so she was mad jelly of yen . 
  meanwhile relationship between geralt and yen has a lot of emotional baggage , they hate each other as much as they love each other but their fates are bound and the writer always intended them to be a couple . 
  as far as the games are concerned , cdpr made triss the main romance option for geralt for the first 2 games and booted her to the background once they introduced yen . 
  this was one of my few gripes with w3 , this love triangle was left unexplored , not a single interaction about it between yen and triss . 
  she 's a schemer , like every sorceress . 
  geralt 's mistrust is warranted . 
  i 'm surprised that you did n't shatter every bone in your body , usually geralt needs only 1 meter drop to break his ankles . 
  you can find a note in a pile of books at the entrance to oxenfurt academy in w3 . 
  apparently it was an experimental potion that brings back fertility to ppl who lost it due to magic/alchemy . 
  we do n't actually know if it worked on geralt or not . 
  it 's funny how freys basically get some of their own medicine . 
  ramsay may be the ruler of the north but he just lost a powerful ally in the south . 
  if you read the books and play first 2 games , you 'll have a blast with witcher 3 , the amount of references in that one is staggering . 
  game adaptation of geralt looks pretty much how he 's described in the books . 
  long white hair , very pale skin , attractive face , well toned body riddled with scars , yellow slitted eyes . 
  i know some guys from egt . 
  most of them are hardcore wf nolifers , some of them play the game for 15/20 hours per day . 
  they live on wf and getting 1st place on leaderboards is just bragging rights . 
  it was always like this since the beginning of wf . 
  lex prime does most dmg per shot out of all secondaries , it 's amazing . 
  if you have a primed pistol ammo mutation , you can still use synoid gammacor and quite effectively . 
  yes it has limited range but the sheer amount of dps you can pump out is just insane . 
  rakta ballistica is one of the most versatile weapons in the game . 
  on charged shots it functions like a bow , burst mode shreds nullifier bubbles like nothing else and it has the best scaling syndicate proc in the game . 
  whoreson junior says it when geralt creeps up on him . 
  dijkstra : you 're an arse . 
  geralt : what ? 
  a twit . 
  did n't even try to stop her . 
  geralt : i had my reasons . 
  dijkstra : course you did . 
  you 're an ass , an oaf , a twit . 
  that fucking killed me , i love dijkstra , he 's such an awesome character in this . 
  i do n't think that their powers will manifest this season . 
  i wan na slow development like the one cisco has with his powers . 
  both wally and jesse need to have more character development first , as of now they 're not that interesting . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's geralt 's sarcastic tone , it pops up from time to time . 
  that quest was all over the place . 
  a crippled guy who does n't know how to properly fight proceeds to fight the butcher of blaviken in mortal combat ? 
  that 's just not not how dijkstra is . 
  also roche , ves and thaler are traitorous assholes . 
  willing to sell all northern realms just to make temeria , nilfgaard 's vassal state . 
  there 's no `` good '' or `` right '' option here . 
  i still have books to finish , almost halfway through time of contempt , it 's sooooo good . 
  * aen seidhe are the elves in geralt 's world , aen elle are the elves from parallel world that eredin is from . 
  aen seidhe arrived to the continent after the destruction of their homeworld way before humans settled there . 
  meanwhile aen elle have different culture and they still have their homeworld . 
  * according to ithline 's prophecy , white frost is a phenomenon that causes end of the world , never ending ice age . 
  * ppl who have elder blood in their veins are the descendants of lara dorren , an elven sorceress . 
  * from what i understand , the portals they open , emit the cold from white frost . 
  they probably learned how to direct the power of the white frost to some extent . 
  i do n't think that we were given explanation on wild hunt 's powers . 
  * avallac ' h is his name . 
  he 's an elven sage and was a servant of late aen elle king auberon . 
  he 's helping ciri for completely selfish reasons , he just wants to prevent the destruction of his homeworld and depose eredin at the same time . 
  those notes have no significance . 
  just send her to kaer morhen , then it does n't matter if you let her keep the notes or take them , just do n't be too mad at her and do n't agree with her idea to barter with radovid , that dude is off his rocker . 
  pretty sure epidemic is one of the conclusions of `` a towerful of mice '' quest , you can let annabelle loose and then she causes massive epidemic in velen or you can lift annabelle 's curse at the expense of that fisherman dude 's life . 
  i loved adrenaline/strong attack build with quen as the main sign and full ursine set . 
  katakans and foglets ca n't turn invis . 
  dimeritium bombs have aoe magic nullification effect . 
  they work against any monster that casts abilities , particularly leshens . 
  one accurately aimed bomb can disrupt leshen 's ability to turn intangible then you just blast it with igni and chop it down , super useful on death march . 
  it 's also effective against gargoyles because they wo n't be able to spit acid at you . 
  i 'm assuming [ this ] ( http://static1.gamespot.com/uploads/original/43/434805/3048257-2071623830-cf_-lalw8aa2pjt.jpg%3alarge ) is how they will look . 
  it 's sad but at the same time i 'm happy . 
  geralt leaves us with his head held high like the badass he is . 
  katakans and ekimmaras also belong to the higher vampire class but they ca n't change forms unlike the true higher vampires . 
  that 's their main distinction . 
  higher vampires can turn into `` giant bats '' at will so yeah , this is closer to how they should look . 
  it 's the beard that does it lol, 
  igni is good against some monsters but it 's not very versatile , high intensity aard is usually a better choice , especially on death march . 
  christopherodd for sure . 
  dude knows his stuff . 
  he has playthroughs of all 3 games but he played through them before finishing books so he did n't have optimal knowledge . 
  toussaint belongs to nilfgaardian empire but nilfgaardians almost never enter it and toussaint is left to deal with it 's own business . 
  you should n't see any differences in political power regardless of your game ending . 
  i think it 's just a matter of opinion . 
  both of them hurt geralt in the past , both of them made him really happy in the past as well . 
  geralt/triss relationship is sweet and stable . 
  geralt/yen relationship is full of rows but passionate .
