  if you like to spray like a retard then boltor prime is for you . 
  it kinda encourages bulletspraying cuz of body ragdoll . 
  if you really mean bussiness , try tonkor grenade launcher . 
  it 's the highest dmg primary in the game . 
  crit explosions are op as shit . 
  flash : the human race comic issue . 
  the fastest speed ever from flash came in that issue . 
  seems like you mixed things up . 
  rhaegar was older brother of daenerys and viserys , not their father . 
  r+l = j theory means that daenerys is jon 's aunt which is weird cuz she 's younger than jon . 
  it 's a market weapon with a mr5 requirement . 
  it was released fairly recently so i doubt a new version will pop up . 
  even that is unlikely cuz tonkor is already op . 
   nyx 's chaos no longer has a cooldown , and enemies affected by chaos can not be stunned by additional casts, 
  :o time to go back to old days when i was playing nyx 24/7 . 
  suddenly so many possibilities with a duration + chaos storm build !, 
  it 's been cancelled, 
  i 'm in, 
  not edgy , just retarded ... 
  do 10 more runs in a row then come back . 
  you ca n't prove anything with just 2 runs , no matter how much cryo you got on both of them ... 
  variety most likely , valkyr is 2 years old already . 
  it 's sometimes nice to swap her for chroma or atlas from time to time . 
  be warned . 
  blast dmg sonicor tends to send capture targets into skies . 
  if you have n't already , try putting blast dmg on sonicor . 
  on open maps like earth you can send enemies flying until they disappear over the horizon , team rocket style . 
  sonicor is sooooo much fun !, 
  first , wait for it to actually come out and check it 's contents then decide . 
  if you have extra cash that you do n't mind spending and you like the stuff that this prime access contains , by all means buy it . 
  support for this game is appreciated . 
  with mesa you can go with max duration + range build . 
  shattershield augment is super strong combined with shooting gallery stunlock , enemies wo n't be able to damage you at all and even if they do shoot you , 95 % dmg reduction will take care of that . 
  mesa gets a lot of bad rep thx to peacemaker spammers but tank mesa build is sooooo much more useful and stronger . 
  wat ... for some reason i always thought that you can stack all 4 bubbles in one place and they merge . 
  [ welcome to the club of addiction ] ( https://gyazo.com/cdd43404c088bae6bb8f1ee0439a7643 ), 
  yes , easily . 
  jaime at his peak was one of the greatest swordsmen in the history of westeros , right up there with barristan selmy and arthur dayne . 
  i do n't think that tywin could 've stopped jaime . 
  jaime sucks at military command cuz he has no extensive experience like battle-hardened stannis or robert . 
  jaime does have some of that ruthlessness and cunning from tywin . 
  also a big factor in this was that stannis denounced faith of the seven after he saw his parents die in front of his eyes in a freak accident . 
  after selyse brought melisandre with her , melisandre had easier time converting stannis as well . 
  it was heavily implied that reed stabbed dayne in the back when dayne was about to kill ned . 
  everything is just a speculation but s6 of the show might shed some light on this because tower of joy flashback has been confirmed . 
  if not then maybe the next book . 
  instantcena.com has you covered, 
  nightingale armor and nightingale sword as well , awesome, 
  my older brother inherits , i do n't get shit cuz i 'm second in line . 
  years of being a beggar made him bitter and angry , that definitely sped up his demise but he was already crazy . 
  not all lannisters and freys are evil , most of them had nothing to do with the red wedding but stoneheart hangs them all the same . 
  all she has left is vengeance and nothing else . 
  podrick for example is one of the few ppl who had nothing to do with robb 's demise but he 's a payne and travelling with brienne so in stoneheart 's eyes he must die, 
  do n't forget that mace tyrell and his bannermen were sieging storm 's end for an entire year , almost starving out stannis and his forces . 
  stannis is really bitter about this and really hates tyrells . 
  edit : i derped, 
  [ here 's a video of our 10k cryo run on triton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if3hi65c7ma ) . 
  we were using polarize mag , repelling bastille vauban , disarm loki and a frost . 
  took us almost 4 hours . 
  longs years of practice xd, 
  [ we actually did a 14k cryo run on lua the following week ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuttns6siou ) . 
  this one was incredibly exhausting cuz the only thing that was able to kill lvl3k enemies was trin 's well of life + ev combo . 
  triton is still the best . 
  the ppl who complain are the casuals who do 3 runs for 1,5 k cryo each and then complain ... i 've been running triton almost daily since late february and it got barely got changed . 
  sigh this topic again ... no , it was n't stealth nerfed , you just have a shitty luck !, 
  just today i got 5 t3mds from a few 1,5 k triton runs . 
  dude ... do you even primed flow + qt ?!, 
  atlas is just as tanky as valkyr thanks to his massive energy pool . 
  even 99 % bless trin wo n't help when that 1 % is like 10k dmg per shot , also enemies still need to be cc locked or you gon na get overwhelmed and owned . 
  mcdonough is awesome , ca n't wait to see more of him in arrow . 
  it looks absolutely awful ... i love it !, 
  balls on this guy ... jesus christ that some next lvl of hardcore, 
  [ this ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/primary_weapons/builder/paris_prime/t_30_22223003_132-1-5-133-5-5-137-0-10-140-3-5-141-4-5-149-6-5-159-2-5-451-7-5_137-7-132-8-159-5-140-5-141-6-133-11-149-9-451-6/en/2-0-28/46403/ ) is my build for ages . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the best one as well . 
  let fomorian destroy laruda relay to see the subreddit and wf forum rage xd, 
  if you mod her for duration , range and some power strength she 's one of the tankiest frames in the game . 
  ppl who say that she 's dead are enormous twats and have 0 fucking clue on how mesa works . 
  her strengths lie in shattershield ( up to 95 % dmg reduction ) and shooting gallery ( dmg buff and amazing cc lock ) . 
  switched couple of months ago . 
  nothing changed for me , wf still runs at 60fps , did n't get a single windows10 related error either . 
  after a month or two it 's gon na repeat anyway, 
  never use it on bows and ogris . 
  it completely ruins those . 
  talking about flash 's craziest achievements why not add [ this ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/3/30145/4222054-trans+time+velocityi.jpg ) . 
  so fast that he was able to outrun teleportation . 
  it does n't matter that seimeni is smaller than sechura . 
  pod on seimeni switches places and that takes time . 
  sechura is still faster . 
  corrupt you say ? 
  maybe they 'll have some really high stats and some negative stats like corrupted mods ? 
  go melee on them or use grattler , their frontal shield is impenetrable unless you go with an explosive weapon like grattler or just cut them down using melee . 
  yes , their goal is to release u18 in november . 
  not guaranteed tho . 
  it 's a noru prime syandana from rhino prime access . 
  original wells of earth-1 was a good guy before reverse flash killed him and took his identity so it would make sense that earth-2 wells is evil . 
  he comes across as evil that 's for sure . 
  jesse l. martin 's acting hits me in the heart every damn time on those emotional scenes . 
  good stuff !, 
  pbr textures are damn gorgeous . 
  i do n't hate the newest dc animations , i do n't like them that much either .
