  and then at the end of dlc after hearing his last words before vanishing, 
  death is the least of your worries if you annoy master mirror . 
  eternal torment sounds much worse . 
  he said that he 'll come back , that really got under my skin for some reason . 
  it was the legendary mullet superman too , hulk should n't even stand a chance . 
  you can question jaime 's morals but the dude has balls of steel , no shortage of bravery . 
  got a soft spot for manticore set or the starting set if you make it endgame viable with a mod . 
  entire olgierd 's story is based on a polish tale of pan twardowski . 
  i think beric will stay behind to hold the enemy off with his flaming sword and finally die , for a noble cause . 
  one thing i wan na bring up is that geralt is not like the other witchers . 
  he was subjected to extra mutations because he showed unusual tolerance . 
  probably because he had innate affinity to magic that he inherited from his druid mother . 
  one of those extra mutations made his hair white . 
  geralt is not completely emotionless , he 's just very professional and hides them really well . 
  only ppl who are closest to him can break through that barrier , especially ciri . 
  she 's both actually . 
  witcher 3 has its shortcomings . 
  mainly shallow combat and clunky controls . 
  loot system and variety could 've been better too . 
  despite all that the game 's story , enemy design , immersion and character development is phenomenal , best rpg genre has to offer . 
  i think majority of that circlejerk comes from the fact that cdpr is so damn likeable . 
  ppl tend to overlook the flaws more frequently . 
  to be more precise , this is a [ relic version of ornate robe ] ( https://witcher.gamepedia.com/media/witcher.gamepedia.com/c/c1/tw3_hos_armor_ornate_robe_and_boots.png?version=a90c0ff6c2241ef63495b90d8c7b919d ) that you can find in von everec estate from hearts of stone dlc . 
  the difference between this one and master version is minor . 
  this one is bright red and has better stats . 
  let him live . 
  i like to roleplay as geralt and geralt himself did some horrible things in the past , he would be a hypocrite to judge him . 
  looks like they blew all cgi budget on dragons , burning lannisters and walking deadmen . 
  rip ghost , maybe we 'll see you in s8 . 
  not all of them were cgi but you can see in that video , some of them are flailing about while not being on fire . 
  background fires were also added in post production . 
  cgi fire is elaborate to animate and expensive . 
  only citadel has access to white ravens so it 's natural to assume that maesters breed those ravens themselves . 
  it 's not explained in the books yet since the last book ends with one of the white ravens arriving at king 's landing . 
  lots of mixed feelings from the book . 
  i was so happy when he appeared in brienne 's chapter but also scared since he 's with the brotherhood and lady stoneheart so i was afraid for brienne . 
  spoilers were everywhere i looked so i just watched it . 
  ca n't wait this shit out when social media is going nuts with spoilers ... 
  seriously doubt it . 
  presumably they 're gon na adapt the last wish first , maybe a couple of other short stories before that like the voice of reason or the lesser evil . 
  yen and dandelion should be the focus besides geralt . 
  in the books there was this sorcerer gathering on the isle of thanedd in temeria . 
  yen brought geralt along and every single sorceress in that gathering was checking him out . 
  even geralt became uncomfortable . 
  dandelion never listens to geralt , it 's kinda their thing . 
  time of contempt i believe . 
  wildebeest went full leeroy, 
  too early to say . 
  some short stories have great potential and if that succeeds and later down the line they manage to successfully adapt ciri saga , it can be as successful as game of thrones . 
  everything depends on actors , production value and showrunners . 
  the origin of the butcher of blaviken alias . 
  one of my favorites as well . 
  well , games are not canon . 
  i think sapkowski left the story open ended like that on purpose in case he wanted to continue it at some point . 
  in the starting cinematic of witcher 3 , yen bumps into a fleeing soldier and drops her bag that contains her belongings . 
  you can actually find her scattered belongings on that scorched battlefield ( white orchard ) . 
  blood & wine is cdpr 's goodbye to geralt 's story . 
  i highly recommend playing it last , after main story and hos . 
  keep playing , that quest will appear way later in the story , nearing the end of the game . 
  you ca n't miss it . 
  imo best superhero cartoon since jlu . 
  i 'm so happy it got renewed for season 3 , thx to unwavering fanbase . 
  they release 2 or 3 animated movies every year . 
  most of them since flashpoint paradox were average at best . 
  do n't let that completionist stress get to you . 
  do the main quest until you 're comfortable enough to do some side content again . 
  there 's absolutely no need to clear all question marks off the map . 
  everything looks badass when done by murata . 
  god i love his style . 
  there 's a small quest in velen . 
  near blackbough i think . 
  old woman near a bridge asks for your help . 
  glen 's voice is spectacular . 
  i could listen to him speak all day . 
  just like richard dormer who plays beric . 
  it 's good with severance whirl and high intensity quen . 
  just spin your enemies to death . 
  [ witcher saga spoilers ] ( / s `` assembly of geralt 's hansa hit me so hard . 
  the friendship they developed while traveling together to save ciri was absolutely fantastic . 
  i knew about their eventual fate before reading the books and it was so sad watching them bond together , knowing that only geralt and dandelion survived their ordeal '' ), 
  that 's what enemy upscaling is for . 
  enemies will always be the same or higher lvl than you are . 
  i never had any overleveling troubles on my death march ng + playthrough with enemy upscaling enabled . 
  that being said , i was oneshot more than once during fist fights . 
  new game plus . 
  it lets you start a new playthrough but with most of your gear from previous playthrough . 
  enemies are a lot more durable and do more damage . 
  you can go up to lvl100 in ng + . 
  he briefly showed up maybe 3 or 4 times in total since : re started so it 's no surprise you do n't remember him . 
  started my 3rd playthrough recently . 
  found a small quest on the outskirts of novigrad that i 've never seen before . 
  this game just keeps on giving . 
  triss talks to geralt about battle of sodden hill early in the blood of elves . 
  great chapter . 
  surviving mages suffered irreversible physical and mental damage . 
  yen was lucky enough to regain her vision . 
  i know it 's not for everyone but i highly recommend reading the books . 
  games are much much more enjoyable when you know all character backstories . 
  it 's a part of a contact called `` apiarian phantom '' . 
  you can get it from notice board on hierarch square .
