  the line `` you 're the new pathfinder '' in the last trailer is n't exactly encouraging is it ? 
  i think we 'll see some quarians on the nexus, 
  shepard at the start of original me was a 29 years old and n7 veteran . 
  ryder siblings in this are 22 years old by the time they leave milky way . 
  they 're young and unproven and you will have to make them badass . 
  meanwhile their father is a legend in this . 
  veteran of first contact war and a decorated n7 operative who prolly knew david anderson personally . 
  the good old times of ppl being hyped for new games of their favorite franchises are gone . 
  now it 's all about hate , baseless accusations and complaining . 
  no constructive criticism just pure hate for everything . 
  it makes me sad . 
  i always enjoyed that hype before game release . 
  it 's due to the fact that ppl do n't need to give a reason for their hate , they can type whatever they want on internet . 
  that combined with usual game publisher greed and shady business just fuels the hate machine . 
  cerberus as organization might be gone but it can still live on as an ideal , this takes place 600 years into the future after all . 
  no pitchforks this time around ? 
  unusual . 
  angry kids with the classic ddos , their tears are delicious, 
  i liked my ship when it was beautiful and quiet , now it has this thing ... i do n't wan na talk about it . 
  it 's like ship cancer . 
  glad my reference did n't go unnoticed lol , it 's just a perfect parallel of joker 's initial opinion of edi and our opinion of ordis . 
  i think they all look just fine , especially sara . 
  default male shep was based on mark vanderloo who is a pretty famous model . 
  i think they wanted more `` average human '' type of look and not a space model . 
  did you watch the newest trailer ? 
  scott is wearing black armor with red stripes for like 50 % of the shots in the trailer . 
  i do n't think he did but he 's a veteran of krogan rebellions . 
  [ 2nd cinematic trailer that came out 2 days ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nng_szaxnnu ), 
  he has such a buttery smooth voice . 
  i could listen to him speak about random things all day . 
  i would n't be surprised if illusive man was one of the backers of ai . 
  ai has cutting edge experimental technology that prolly cost them billions upon billions of credits . 
  they would n't bring in clancy brown just for that . 
  guy is a legend . 
  he must have a larger role through out the game . 
  nice of you to share your experiences . 
  i was in that post-game depression too . 
  when credits started rolling i was just sitting there in disbelief for good 30mins . 
  knowing that shepard 's journey is over and i wo n't get to return to this amazing universe anytime soon . 
  no game could satisfy me afterwards . 
  then the last of us happened , then witcher 3 . 
  some games just have this massive emotional impact on you because you care for the characters you spent so much time with . 
  sadly , we have to part with shepard and his/her gang but in return we 'll get a promising sequel with new story and characters in less than 2 months . 
  it 's so close . 
  let 's hope bioware will deliver . 
  batarian brawler is where its at bruh . 
  spec into blade armor and all they gon na do is hurt themselves when they attack you . 
  `` from ashes dlc '' is a must-have imo . 
  gives you one of the most fascinating characters in the game as a squadmate . 
  `` omega dlc '' is full of action but offers nothing major apart from 1 very op biotic ability that you can use for the rest of the game . 
  `` leviathan dlc '' offers some major backstory on the reapers as a whole . 
  if you 're into me lore , it 's very nice . 
  so silly yet so amazing . 
  if you fell in love with the characters , you got ta have this one . 
  i for once like more lighthearted approach . 
  not every game needs to have galaxy altering stakes . 
  scott/sara ryders are supposed to be 22 years old with no real combat experience . 
  scott was stationed on arcturus station while sara served as a support for prothean artifact team . 
  that 's nothing when you compare them to shepard who was already an n7 veteran and an elite soldier at the beginning of me . 
  as for krogan . 
  they were n't always like that . 
  they saved the galaxy from rachni and were treated as heroes , even got a statue in their name on the citadel . 
  they fell out of favor due to their aggressive expansion and increasing arrogance which led them to krogan rebellions . 
  everybody knows that krogan are the greatest frontline troops in the galaxy , almost like a force of nature . 
  ryder says that he has a single krogan to take them out and that 's sufficient . 
  i do n't think they were ready for leadership role . 
  we know that at some point alec relinquishes his command as pathfinder but in latest briefing video cora says that she 's second in command so she should 've replaced alec . 
  ryder siblings did n't expect to lead pathfinder team anytime soon or ever . 
  they do n't know what it 's like . 
  i guarantee that at some point in the game they 'll have that `` wtf am i doing here ? 
  why am i leading these ppl ? 
  i 'm not qualified for this ! '', 
  moment . 
  in [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phca8tk117c ) they revealed miranda , thane , jack and grunt . 
  also they released [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xtj0rfgqv8 ) awesome legion teaser . 
  i think that 's about it if you do n't count the release trailer . 
  also i remember them dropping dossiers on their website . 
  so we kinda knew that we gon na get a salarian and another asari as squadmates etc. 
  stop shoving inquisition 's faults in our face . 
  most ppl who developed inquisition do n't even work on andromeda . 
  give it a chance . 
  if it sucks on release then you can go wild . 
  that 's reasonable i guess . 
  new story , new characters , ppl do n't know what to expect . 
  mass effect brand itself is a huge selling point but it took a massive hit with me3 controversy . 
  just after playing prologue i legit thought shepard died , turns out bioware was just trolling lol, 
  re7 got cracked just 5 days after release . 
  lost massive amounts of profit . 
  `` cracked '' means that it got pirated . 
  i did n't say that it 's struggling . 
  a lot of ppl bought it on release because the hype built around that game was very high . 
  i 'm just saying that pc sales are basically gone . 
  just like it was before denuvo 's existence . 
  tom is a me fanboy . 
  he played all 3 games and went through all codex entries . 
  he 's really excited about voicing the main character . 
  really happy to see such enthusiasm from him . 
  just 45 days left !, 
  all of them are enjoyable for different reasons . 
  `` from ashes '' gives you one of the most fascinating squadmates in the franchise .
