  armored look is a nice fit for him instead of the classing jumpsuit . 
  overload skins are damn sweet , especially the sybaris one . 
  you 're an evil person , you know that ? 
  yet another season in plat ... i fucking hate this division !, 
  win 5 games in a row then lose 5 and no way to progress . 
  ppl do n't want to co-operate , jungler calls for ff at 20 every time and refuses to gank if the team gives fb . 
  if you lose your lane , you 're automaticaly guilty of losing the game . 
  botlanes full of feeding janas and vaynes . 
  winning team shittalks losing team most of the time , absolutely disgusting . 
  i love league but some ppl you need to play with do their best to make you stop from playing . 
  to be honest i want them to introduce a faithful portrayal of hunter zolomon in a future season with a good character development before he goes batshit crazy . 
  maybe season 4 cuz three speedster villains in 3 consecutive seasons would be too much , grodd could be the big bad of season 3 . 
  unless zoom is earth-2 barry from the future who 's life was different from his earth-1 counterpart 's . 
  frey pie , best pie, 
  he seems like a perfect fit for double . 
  strong , dependable support . 
  i did n't like batman and son so it 's natural that i hated animated version as well . 
  not the biggest fan of damian . 
  deathstroke was a fucking pussy in this one . 
  all the fights involving damian just did n't make sense . 
  deathstroke could n't overpower 10 year old kid . 
  damian was trained by league of assassins but that does n't give him superhuman strength . 
  in the end joe is right . 
  we know that earth-2 wells is unwillingly luring barry into a trap . 
  zoom is holding his daughter for leverage so wells has no choice . 
  barry should 've listened to jay . 
  also zoom was already fighting jay and was about to kill him at the time when wormhole opened . 
  earth-2 wells said he `` created '' zoom so i 'm 100 % sure that wormhole had nothing to do with it . 
  now it all makes sense why jay was so scared of zoom . 
  my guess is that sending other metahumans to fight barry was like a trial . 
  then zoom comes in to crush the flash at his peak to make it even more brutal . 
  it 's definitely not barry . 
  zoom is a lot more muscular and eddie is too short . 
  i still think it 's either joe or henry . 
  yes . 
  eobard thawne is dr. zoom/the first reverse flash . 
  flash gains experience , zoom gets more fun out of it . 
  for how long did he stay like this before zoom restored his speed ? 
  this shows that jay was most likely faster and more skilled than barry but even he got destroyed . 
  i do n't think so , zoom is prolly a combination of the black flash and zoom from the comics . 
  do n't forget wide projectile ult execute . 
  my name is barry allen [ and i 'm the fastest paraplegic alive !, 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  eddie shooting himself created a paradox which in turn opened the wormhole to destroy this timeline . 
  they closed the wormhole and kept this timeline going . 
  professor zoom is just one of eobard thawne 's aliases , his title the first reverse flash . 
  well , in the comics vibe could disrupt the speed force making him an ultimate counter to speedsters . 
  i do n't know if the show will exploit this op power . 
  still my favorite costume . 
  praise from kevin smith who 's a huge comic book fan and a writer who knows flash 's mythos is huge . 
  this just cements cw 's flash as the best live action comic book adaptation of all time . 
  did n't play a single pre season match that lasted longer than 40mins although 25mins is way too exaggerated . 
  you sometimes definitely feel it when enemy team is pushing for your inhib at 15mins . 
  crazy fights for objectives on both sides of the rift , adcs having mad pushing power with red buff , really early teamfights etc. 
  he should heal his broken back in days , he can just take a week off and then come back . 
  zed has tons of counterplay . 
  assassinating adcs is really really hard this patch thx to bullshit warlord 's bloodlust and crit stacking . 
  sure , zed might 100to0 adc but a 3 item crit stacking vayne or cait can kill zed just as fast . 
  everyone forgets retaliation . 
  not to mention that you can just counterpick zed with cho or lissandra . 
  it 's almost impossible for zed to win against those 2 champs at the same skill level . 
  he 's also countered by zhonyas and qss and some supports absolutely ruin his day . 
  namely tahm and alistar . 
  a lot of secondaries actually outdamage their primary counterparts pretty damn hard . 
  tywin was established as a person who would do anything to establish his legacy and put his family in power , no matter the cost . 
  he 's cunning , incredibly smart and a no-nonsense man . 
  tywin is like that because his father tytos was a complete opposite and almost destroyed his family . 
  as long as a person in question does n't threaten his plans or if tywin has some use for him , he will be treated with reason . 
  arya is smart and tywin most likely just enjoyed her company . 
  i 'm sure tywin got annoyed in company of ppl like amory lorch or the mountain who have 0 smarts and good for one thing , brutalizing peasants . 
  wow i also what the alien from the thing as my pet : /, 
  maybe a parley ? 
  qyburn 's birthplace was never mentioned so we do n't know where he 's from . 
  as to your question , i highly doubt it . 
  ironborn are resented across westeros because of their pillager and cutthroat reputation . 
  large majority of ironborn stick to iron islands . 
  since moat cailin fell , torrhen 's square is the only stronghold ironborn hold in the mainland . 
  after watching the flash where time travel was done right , i cringe so fucking hard when i watch heroes ... 
  have n't played against new rageblade kayle yet . 
  i bet it 's a fucking nightmare ... 
  nice vertigo reference . 
  once warlord 's bloodlust gets nerfed and he 'll lose infinite sustain while rushing shiv , burst aps like viktor will be able to destroy him again . 
  does mance know that his son was swapped with craster 's son ? 
  does mance even care about his son ? 
  if he does , that could be his motivation of returning to the wall . 
  best of luck for you guys . 
  s6 has me hyped as hell . 
  [ that 's already finished ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hxbtwsr.png ), 
  absolutely fantastic . 
  i ca n't believe i saw a live action version of the gorilla city !, 
  almost brought tears to my eyes . 
  widely accepted theory is that eobard was storing it in his suit during the last confrontation with barry so gideon disappeared together with eobard when eddie shot himself . 
  speed weed is a co-executive producer and writer for cw 's arrow . 
  it 's most likely the unspoken . 
  the former king of inhumans and by far the strongest one . 
  he was deposed by black bolt and written out of inhuman history . 
  excellent episode . 
  so much plot exposition to take in right now . 
  every plot point is neatly falling into place . 
   it might be possible if they found a way through the wall as opposed to climbing it,
