  shooting without needing to reload feels great . 
  spicy meme , me edition, 
  benefactor knew about impending galactic extinction years before shepard provided proof , would he really stay in milky way to die ? 
  also stuff like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/apnrf0j.png ) makes you really wonder . 
  the yahg shadow broker that shepard takes down , was in power for at least 60 years . 
  we learn from alec 's memories that he actually had dealings with shadow broker but it 's obviously the yahg one . 
  scott reminds me of chris pine 's kirk , both in voice and mannerisms so i picked him . 
  i think i 'm gon na switch up on ng + + and try playing as sara but i definitely do n't find her voice to be annoying . 
  jaardan were fighting something or someone . 
  the scourge was deployed as a weapon against jaardan . 
  yes , found it on voeld . 
  alec 's last memory proves that benefactor knew that something was coming even before shepard provided proof . 
  benefactor being illusive man would be such a cop out . 
  it 's pretty obvious that benefactor came to andromeda with the initiative , kett datapads like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/apnrf0j.png ) can be found in the game . 
  illusive man wanted to subjugate the reapers , not to run away from them, 
  well , you can be a sarcastic douchenozzle if you spam nothing but casual . 
  all tiers of pathfinder armor have it . 
  maverick armor has similar one but that 's it i think . 
  deluxe edition armor has a scarf . 
  in combat , ryder feels more powerful because there 's an ai in his brain that improves his combat prowess . 
  he does n't have shepard 's vast experience . 
  ryder is not a military commander either , he 's a 22 year old alliance recruit ( below even jenkins ) . 
  in comparison , at the same age , shepard already graduated from n7 program . 
  i found this game to be pretty damn easy even on insanity , multiple ways to approach combat here . 
  there are some broken op things that make the combat trivial even . 
  stuff like bioconverter isharay/dhan or super low cooldown charge that restores your shields to 100 % . 
  start might be a bit rough but after you get going , it 's not a trouble at all . 
  that 's the best part of pve multiplayer . 
  competitive aspect is very minimal so the experience is very chill . 
  it 's one of the reasons why i play warframe . 
  that explosive hate wave has passed and haters moved on to hate on other things . 
  fanboys and ppl with legitimate complaints and grievances stayed . 
  criticism always needs to be taken into consideration , as long as it 's properly expressed . 
  if someone leaves a detailed negative comment , someone just has to come in and try to shut it down with an opposite opinion . 
  same with positive comments . 
  why should you care if some random dude on the internet has a different opinion ? 
  maybe his/her experience with the game was better/worse than yours ? 
  addressing your `` lack of ai concern '' question here . 
  i 'm certain that most ppl joined the initiative , did n't share the same anti-ai sentiment most ppl in the milky way did or they did n't care about it like drack for example . 
  drack only started showing concern when he got directly involved with sam and pathfinder team and when he found out about ryder 's `` special '' connection . 
  lack of information played a big part in this . 
  most ppl did n't even know how extensively ai is involved . 
  when she joined the initiative , knight ( anti-ai movement leader ) thought that only a shackled ai was used and not a fully sentient ai . 
  i think only pathfinder teams were fully briefed about ai . 
  that being said , i 'm very curious about quarians and their ark . 
  i would n't be surprised if quarians also have ai sympathizers among them . 
  it 's not unheard of , admiral zaal ` koris was one in ot . 
  nice !, 
  you found so many differences between a soldier helmet and explorer helmet !, 
  i prefer my cool looking [ andromeda elite helmet ] ( http://static.gosunoob.com/img/1/2017/03/pathfinder-helmet-mass-effect-andromeda.jpg ) . 
  beat the game last week . 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` both illusive man and miranda are directly mentioned by name and in one of the data pads . 
  there 's a quest in the game that involves 2 former cerberus scientists . 
  project overlord is also mentioned a few times . 
  besides speculation , there 's no solid proof of cerberus presence '' ), 
  maxed paw has pretty decent dps if you can keep your aim steady on those weakspots . 
  other weapons are not that great on insanity . 
  it can be a detonator and a primer at the same time . 
  pure light show when you combine it with other abilities that can both prime and detonate like overload and incinerate . 
  then you get armor augment that resets all cooldowns upon killing an enemy and you become a walking explosion . 
  after rachni wars , krogan population and military power spiked like crazy and they started their uncontrollable expansion . 
  rebellions started mainly due to growing arrogance and aggression towards other races because of `` unfair '' treatment . 
  council races viewed them as weapons , nothing more . 
  krogan felt superior and decided that everything should belong to them , why would they settle for scraps ? 
  queue krogan rebellions . 
  council races tried to appease krogan by giving them rewards , krogan deemed those rewards insufficient . 
  and that 's the reason why i hate when krogan complain about genophage . 
  bitch , your ppl tried to conquer the galaxy and kill us all . 
  blame arrogant dickwads you call ancestors and not ppl who stopped them in a fight for survival . 
  turians were quite desperate at that point . 
  krogan were bombing their worlds with redirected asteroids . 
  krogan showed no mercy , turians retaliated without hesitation or remorse . 
  typical escalation that happens in conflicts . 
  fusion mod of adrenaline . 
  blame tann and spender for bringing their grudges with them to andromeda . 
  if they were as open minded as kesh , this never would 've happened . 
  both jaal and drack are so fun to hang around with , it took only 1 game for me to absolutely fall in love with them . 
  i really hope bioware keeps developing them in the future games . 
  she admits that her ancestors fucked up by starting krogan rebellions . 
  they were short sighted and now their entire species has to suffer the consequences because of it . 
  all she wanted in adromeda was a fresh start but krogan were met with the same animosity and disdain here too . 
  it was clear that they were willing to cooperate . 
  tann and spender wanted to keep their positions of power instead of cooperating . 
  not to mention their hate of krogan . 
  i just hope he 'll die on his own terms , while fighting . 
  possibly saving the ones he cares about in the process . 
  substitute, 
  her name is ellen . 
  cora 's shield boost ability is amazing if you can keep her close to you with command button . 
  especially if you 're using one of dem bioconverter weapons . 
  shield boost restores both hp and shields . 
  i liked that quest . 
  what i did n't like is the fact that i could n't tell anyone about it . 
  how can ryder keep info like that from nexus leadership or at least other pathfinders ? 
  but i get it , they 're setting benefactor up to be an overarching villain . 
  stuff like that poker log datapad in the comm room of tempest , crew quarters terminal or krogan terminals on elaaden . 
  it 's pretty hilarious , i just wish there was more unique ambient npc banter . 
  it 's a bit annoying when you walk through an area multiple times and hear the same banter on a loop . 
  milky way species joined the initiative to find a new home and all of them are willing to help ( except peebs , she does n't give a fk ) . 
  all of them are more or less united and have the same goal .
