  it 's a popular build so yeah , there should be a guide on youtube . 
  quen yourself then drop the bomb or use northern wind bomb instead . 
  best cc in your disposal , that is if you already obtained its recipe . 
  not really . 
  he had multiple breakups with yen and had other romantic relationships in between those breakups . 
  no you ca n't , you 're locked into making a decision . 
  you should totally try the unseen elder path . 
  it 's very interesting and it sets up a confrontation in [ a night to remember ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehjj614qfem ) trailer perfectly . 
  not to mention the awesome character of the unseen elder . 
  this particular relationship is a touchy subject in the fanbase and it almost always snowballs out of control . 
  love triangles , man ... 
  that boy ai n't right . 
  the moment when you ca n't decide on your favorite superman artist . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  he got the short end of the stick with new52 , has n't recovered yet but i hope he 'll be back soon . 
  there 's [ one at oxenfurt ] ( https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/witcher/images/2/2e/tw3_oxenfurt_blacksmith.png/revision/latest?cb=20160420174602 ) and [ one in novigrad [ ( https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/witcher/images/d/d3/tw3_novigrad_blacksmith.png/revision/latest?cb=20160420165452 ) . 
  i believe they both can craft low tier witcher swords . 
  there 's a creature in witcher universe i 'd want to see geralt fight the imperial manticore , one of the oldest and deadliest post conjunction creatures . 
  geralt killed 3 of these in total if you count the one in his flashbacks from witcher 2 . 
  apparently the monster was cut from witcher 3 due to time constraints . 
  i do n't wan na spoil too much but the answer is no . 
  they have super minor roles . 
  barely worth mentioning . 
  yes . 
  all o'dimm 's rewards or olgierd 's sword iris carry over to ng + . 
  pitt looks like a homeless crackhead . 
  truly terrifying . 
  caranthir , he was named after a character from silmarillion . 
  if you 're playing on console , yeah ,, 
  mutations introduced in b&w threw everything out of balance . 
  you can take euphoria and you 'll be able kill everything while wearing nothing but your underwear . 
  every witcher set is viable while cat and manticore sets are by far the best for dmg output . 
  good old dick finds a way . 
  yes and yes, 
  if they 're following first rebooted game storyline from 2013 , this should be her first serious adventure and she took a massive beating throughout the game . 
  higher vampires have no weaknesses except that they can kill eachother . 
  only strong magic can incapacitate them . 
  this shows how incredibly powerful vilgefortz was . 
  queen of 6 kingdoms and protector of the realm ? 
  hubert looked like a katakan and they are not considered to be higher vampires . 
  also katakans or ekimmaras ca n't alter their appearance to look like humans . 
  hubert should 've gotten a different appearance , similar to regis when he transforms . 
  they made him looks like a katakan due to time constants most likely . 
  ahh , missing animation glitch . 
  i had it for a while when i played with shitload of mods . 
  could n't find the one that broke animations . 
  it 's considered to be the most important one out of all short story books . 
  it sets up a lot of things for the main saga . 
  in the books , he has it tucked away in his bed roll , carried by roach . 
  silver plated swords are incredibly expensive and he only uses it when it 's 100 % necessary . 
  on multiple occasions he fights magical beings using his meteorite steel sword . 
  it 's just a gameplay mechanic that steel sword is reserved for humans and silver for monsters . 
  i get heartburn from pure black coffee . 
  i like it with a bunch of milk . 
  personally , i loved that idea . 
  it even got adapted nicely in young justice s1 as well . 
  feelsarsenalman, 
  sejic is quickly becoming one of my favorites . 
  his work on current aquaman run is phenomenal . 
  they omitted so many political details from witcher 3 and put ciri 's storyline right in front while ignoring previous games . 
  adda is nowhere to be seen , the surviving foltest 's bastard kid is gone too and roche never mentions her again after witcher 2 . 
  henselt gets killed off screen , john natalis is mia , prince stennis too ( if he survives events of witcher 2 ) . 
  if you 're on pc , you can download console command enabler and get aerondight through console commands or download a save with 100 % completion . 
  you 'll get spoiled on a lot of plot details if you intend to rush through to get aerondight . 
  it 's one of my favorite alternate universe stories together with injustice . 
  you either love it or hate it . 
  it 's a monumental storyline for barry as a speedster that brought about new52 ( or so we thought ) and returned barry to the forefront which was a controversial move . 
  that decision angered a lot of longtime pre new52 flash fans because dc shafted wally . 
  robb right before the fatal stab : `` worth !!! '', 
  it 's one of the reasons why i never liked damian . 
  there 's no way in hell that a 12 year old kid could fight someone like deathstroke on equal terms in a fist fight , no matter how well he 's been trained . 
  i get that suspension of disbelief is important but it 's just too much for me . 
  iorveth 's plotline in witcher 3 got cut due to time constraints . 
  they just could n't fit everything in . 
  made me very sad too since i liked his path more in witcher 2 . 
  nothing, 
  a man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man !, 
  good choice . 
  amm is an amazing tool . 
  superman is not as marketable as batman and not as mainstream these days . 
  the bat brand reached a critical mass point where they can sell everything that has batman symbol on it . 
  that 's why batman is in every major story right now . 
  it 's really sad that injustice is the only good game superman is a part of and he happens to be a villain in it as well . 
  i think the villain aspect of him in injustice is well done , prolly the only occasion . 
  everyone has a snapping point , even superman and joker discovered what it takes to drive superman nuts . 
  in general , superman resisting to abuse his own power is one of the main conflicts he has to go through , just like batman struggling to get over his parents deaths . 
  of course nobody wants to see these plot points at this point because creators keep bringing it up . 
  did you know he 's not a nilfgaardian ? 
  i think she did n't want to ruin his reputation . 
  as a witcher , geralt needs his reputation intact so ppl would know he 's trustworthy otherwise he 'll basically lose his job . 
  yen does n't care about her own , ppl hate on her everywhere she goes anyway . 
  it 's prolly for the best that he 's not on flash atm , considering current events and barry 's `` condition '' . 
  tom king imo , his rebirth batman stuff absolutely rocks and i 've heard great things about mister miracle so far . 
  couple of weeks ago i read all injustice comics up to most recent one and now doomsday 's presence makes me uneasy every time . 
  honestly , i do n't think dceu can compete with mcu , not right now that is . 
  i 'm 100 % sure this has been mentioned hundreds of times but they 're rushing too fast with their team ups without properly setting up standalone members of jl . 
  they took too long to make their first move in 2013 , during that time iron man got his 3rd standalone movie and their mcu phase 1 was an outstanding success . 
  imo bvs was a bad move and way too early , same with suicide squad . 
  they should 've started with founding members of jl . 
  superman , batman , ww , trinity crossover , flash , aquaman and only then jl ( cyborg introduced in team up ) .
