  so ironic . 
  iirc 1.22 only prevents roach 's tail from disappearing but it does n't fix it if it already happened . 
  you 'll have to load previous save file . 
  he rules the northern realms in my playthrough . 
  not going to allow fking nilfgaardian aggressors to win the war . 
  they can burn . 
  iorveth all the way here , never liked roche . 
  maybe that 's why i did n't care about his fate when i let dijkstra do his stuff . 
  i 'd be okay with that explanation . 
  i hated that guy so much , just as much as his douchebag brother so i killed them both . 
  it is in the expansion . 
  when you come back to him after killing frog prince and making the pact with o'dimm , olgierd 's lackeys are about to behead a dude , you need to act antagonistic towards olgierd 's crew and try to protect the guy . 
  olgierd comes out and challenges you to a duel for that guy 's life . 
  this bossfight can be easily missed if you act like a wuss and do n't interfere . 
  he died because he was n't wearing a helmet . 
  boyega is gon na play marshal pentecost 's son . 
  depends on your build . 
  griffin armour is the best armour in the game for sign build for example . 
  nilgaardians are considered to be the background bad guys because they 're aggressors , attacking northern realms for the third time . 
  wild hunt are the main bad guys , they just have a different motivations , not just for the sake of being evil . 
  pc version is superior without a doubt . 
  runs smoother and looks way better . 
  you can also mod it which is a big plus . 
  i always liked geralt 's classic ponytail with shaved sides and a cropped beard . 
  options -  gameplay -  enemy upscaling -  on \\ off turn that on and you wo n't have to worry about being overleveled to do quests . 
  there are two reasons but not major ones :, 
  b&w is supposed to be geralt 's last adventure , quite emotional ending . 
  there 's a huge reference to hos in one of the main story missions of b&w . really cool reference at that . 
  not , you lose all diagrams . 
  you keep what you already have crafted in your inventory or your stash chest . 
  master mirror is prolly the most powerful being that we 've seen . 
  unseen elder vampires are up there as well . 
  enemies from expansions are just stronger for some reason . 
  if she stayed for you after you told her you love her , she 's set to be your romance choice . 
  you can also confess to yen later on which can lead to ... an unpleasant end for geralt if i do say so myself xd, 
  do n't spoil things for the man pls , tag it . 
  ofc it 's a spoiler , now he 'll know that the mission involving this creature will reference hos ... 
  i let him go . 
  geralt was in a similar situation at one point in the books and after that incident he got the nickname `` butcher of blaviken '' so he can definitely sympathize . 
  it 's really hard to choose the lesser evil and geralt absolutely hates making decisions such as these . 
  i 'm actually pleased by these changes , original designs looked atrocious . 
  hos : no, 
  b&w : yes , depends on how you finished main storyline . 
  witcher 3 is filled with book references . 
  i love cdpr for doing this . 
  ca n't say anything more , would be a spoiler . 
  almost at the end , 85/90 % . 
  no worries , ng + with alternate choices awaits . 
  trust me , it 's worth playing through it again , experience is quite different . 
  and if you really like the witcher universe , there 's a whole series of awesome books . 
  if you count just the main game + all side activities , i 'd say you 're at about 35 % . 
  with both expansions , 20 % . 
  it 's geralt we 're talking about , that 's how he gets around , even in the books . 
  it 's their own made up nilfgaardian accent . 
  it resembles a variety of real life accents but it definitely does n't sound like russian . 
  i 'm russian , i can tell . 
  also yarpen zigrin , sheldon skaggs , stefan skellen references , multiple mentions of vilgefortz . 
  if you press space at the exact moment when geralt touches the ground , he performs a roll . 
  that way you can actually jump down without breaking your ankles . 
  great news, 
  / u/babaghanoush314 is correct . 
  after you come back to talk to him once you kill the frog prince , you need to stand up for the guy who 's about to get his head chopped off . 
  olgierd appears and challenges you to a duel for his life . 
  one of the coolest boss battles in the game imo . 
  the backdrop of a burning manor and a soundtrack are amazing . 
  the main story quest will bring you there . 
  before that , this question mark is unreachable without glitching . 
  they look like they 're about to drop the hottest mixtape of 2016 . 
  not all of them are ugly originally , yen is an extreme case . 
  most of them have physical flaws to to some extent and they tweak their appearance using illusions or magic potions . 
  all of them are barren . 
  unlike other sorceresses , this really really bothered yen and she was trying to find a cure for decades . 
  he 's the devil of witcher universe and by far the most powerful being that we 've seen . 
  making deals at crossroads is his jam . 
  ugliness is not the only thing sorceresses hide behind those potions and illusions . 
  some of them just looked ordinary and made themselves beautiful , some hide hideous scars or deformities like lydia van bredevoort, 
  gameplay is definitely not the strongest aspect of witcher franchise , it never was . 
  lack of fast travel was the biggest flaw of witcher 2 for me , what made it worse is that geralt ca n't even sprint . 
  luckily they improved a lot on witcher 3 in that aspect . 
  you hold sign cast button to got full flamethrower . 
  sapkowski tries to avoid any association with witcher games like plague . 
  he treats the games as expensive fanfic and said on multiple occasions that game medium is not fit to tell a good story , he 's old fashioned . 
  you did n't miss out on any of the main story . 
  white orchard is like a tutorial area , there are some sidequests and places of power that give you free ability points . 
  what you missed out on was exp . 
  go back there and finish it up , otherwise you gon na be struggling due to being underleveled . 
  he means hen gaidth armor set , it looks exactly like tesham mutna set but red . 
  you mean [ these ] ( http://orig13.deviantart.net/c691/f/2014/165/5/8/the_witcher_3_wild_hunt__new_render_no_logo_by_scratcherpen-d7mbnzq.jpg ) swords ? 
  if you 're on pc , you can install a mod that replaces wolven set with promo art set . 
  you can get [ this ] ( http://orig08.deviantart.net/4fca/f/2015/160/1/8/witcher_3_geralt_and_ciri_proper_2560x1440_by_scratcherpen-d8wmkb7.jpg ) exact look . 
  this is how he looked before he got melted by vilgefortz . 
   alchemy is all but useless, 
  there 's your problem . 
  chort decoction makes you immune to cc . 
  golden oriole heals you if you get poisoned etc. 
  have some strategy ffs , do n't lunge at enemies like a monkey , sword in hand . 
  you know how to roll and dodge right ? 
  all enemies have easily noticeable attack pattern . 
  you need grandmaster wolven set ? 
  grandmaster commmands are these :,
