  * max slow nova for 2x dmg and 75 % slow . 
  * mag cuz her polarize scales infinitely and allows you to do more dmg the higher enemy lvl is . 
  crazy polarize dmg instantly wipes out hordes of enemies . 
  stack corrosive projection auras . 
  take viral tonkors optimized for max dmg possible . 
  it does n't matter , mag is mostly there to remove shields from corrupted moas cuz those are hardest to kill at that point , especially guardian eximus moas that instantly replenish their shields . 
  you ca n't crit on shields but once mag removes them , corrupted moas are easily dispatched . 
  we mostly use that strat against infested . 
  if i had to use it against grineer , i 'd drop nova and replace mag with banshee . 
  to each their own . 
  i love endurance runs . 
  2h + survivals are super intense . 
  you need to find a decent clan . 
  i always run these with clanmates . 
  i do n't trust randoms . 
  with crit delay it can actually do red crits now like cernos . 
  it 's still the best sentinel weapon for dmg by far . 
  and lose kills and exp while you type away ? 
  it does n't matter , mesa ca n't go afk , even with max primed flow and max efficiency , peacemaker will drain your energy in less than a minute . 
  every bit of exp is important to me , i 'm just that kind of person . 
  for console players it 's a normal price . 
  he 's 100 % scripting , his combos are way too fast , he just sits still and comboes all day . 
  so tom cavanagh is returning as the real dr. wells ? 
  so glad that he 's not leaving the show . 
  faulkner is a damn good casting choice for randyll tarly, 
  randyll had no action scenes in the books if i 'm not mistaken . 
  at least not in the present . 
  he was seated in maidenpool after the war of five kings and dealing with outlaws . 
  then he arrived to king 's landing to serve as justician . 
  if cleganebowl actually happens , i 'm gon na lose my shit, 
  penny , naive and obnoxious companion of tyrion . 
  i know that she was supposed to show what tyrion 's life would be like if he was n't, 
  a lannister but i really disliked tyrion 's chapters after he meets her . 
  he killed kevan and pycelle to keep lannisters and tyrells at each other 's throats . 
  this causes massive unrest . 
  and who benefits the most from this unrest ? 
  it 's jon connington who wants to put `` aegon '' on the throne . 
  i think that at first varys supported dany but saw her as a lost cause after she decided to stay in the slaver 's bay indefinitely . 
  instead he and illyrio tried to broker an alliance between `` aegon '' and dany which did n't work out . 
  tywin 's death would 've been an end of lannisters most likely . 
  as far as they know , dany was carried off by one of her dragons and her army is about to be besieged by massive forces . 
  even if she manages to come back to mereen , she ca n't control her dragons so she 's in super tough position . 
  it 's way safer to put all eggs in aegon 's basket for now , especially if connington 's golden company manages to ally themselves with dorne and take storm 's end . 
  it does n't, 
  once you get used to trading , getting plat is relatively easy . 
  only thing you ca n't get without spending money is prime accessories but those are just cosmetics . 
  sure it 's gon na take some time , you wo n't become rich in a week or a month . 
  patience is required . 
  you may not like them but never call them lackluster . 
  they 're bot incredibly good support frames , banshee to boost your dmg and crowd control enemies and nyx is for pure crowd control . 
  you 're probably not enjoying them cuz both of those frames shine in super long endless missions where frames like saryn and ash simply ca n't wipe out enemies with their ults . 
  soma prime is arguably the best full auto rifle in the game . 
  the are almost no rifles that can rival soma prime and boltor prime . 
  other alternatives can be tonkor grenade launcher , the highest dmg weapon in the game . 
  hek , highest dmg shotgun in the game and amprex , the red crit continuous fire weapon . 
  scindo prime does more dmg , galatine has way more reach . 
  keep the stance and try them both . 
  if galatine feels too slow for you then try berserker crit build scindo prime . 
  the quiet wolf , due to his stoic demeanor as opposed to robert baratheon 's fiery personality, 
  [ speak for yourself ] ( http://i.imgur.com/szvucxi.jpg ), 
  it was a special item for eyes of blight archwing event . 
  old xini abuse , viver , old odd . 
  at first i did n't even notice how many neurodes i had . 
  i stopped farming for neurodes almost 2 years ago unless my clanmates needed some . 
  i was farming oxium , neural sensors and morphics hardcore during that weekend . 
  [ that 's right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xiqfked.jpg ), 
  do n't complain about scarce resources then . 
  buy a booster , farm hardcore for 3 days and you wo n't need to do it for the next few weeks . 
  otherwise you 'll be stuck farming one or two neurodes per day . 
  try farming for longer than 20 minutes per day , maybe you 'll have more luck . 
  having nekros would be nice as well . 
  keep in mind that i represent incredibly small percentage of community . 
  i 've played since april 2013 and took advantage of every loot cave there ever was . 
  i 'm assuming that davos will have no choice but to take the black . 
  otherwise he 'll be hunted by lannister loyalists for the rest of his life . 
  too early to speculate , we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  since u17 nullifiers and bombards can spawn in t1/t2 endless missions if you play long enough, 
  some ppl look at it as a friendly tip , to some it 's a condescending attitude . 
  happens all the time in wf . 
  of course not . 
  some arcane enhancements are indeed very strong but definitely not 100 % needed, 
  it 's not the best place , it 's the only place . 
  frost prime and paris prime, 
  they should add more alternatives . 
  been running triton since march , sick and tired of that tileset . 
  even if she wins the trial by combat , she is ruined . 
  all kl saw her at her weakest . 
  nobody will take her seriously . 
  everyone has turned their backs on her . 
  small council is filled with tyrells and their bannermen who loathe cersei . 
  kevan was the only remaining lannister man in power and now he 's dead . 
  i love how tim is just labelled as `` idiot '' xd, 
  nightwing 's mullet, 
  i really hope that in the books melisandre does n't burn shireen to bring back jon . 
  that saying `` only death can pay for life '' keeps popping up . 
  they do , at least on ods they do , we were doing 40min ods run and got 2 . 
  in the battle of the trident , the deciding battle robert smashed his warhammer in rhaegar 's chest , breaking his armor and killing him instantly . 
  there 's no way robert would 've spared him . 
  dps ca n't take into account how many headshots you 'll get , that makes it completely useless . 
  the only thing you need to know is that soma prime will be better if you always aim for headshots .
