  everyone should try it when they run out of weapons/frames to forma . 
  i usually go past 60min when i 'm testing best lategame weapons . 
  i wan na know when they drop in dmg . 
  for this run i was using my 6 forma tonkor . 
  i was oneshotting heavies past 80mins . 
  i believe that it 's the best endurance weapon in the game atm . 
  [ this ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/primary_weapons/builder/tonkor/t_30_22223003_131-5-5-132-1-5-133-4-5-137-0-10-140-6-5-150-2-10-159-3-5-485-7-10_137-7-132-8-150-8-159-5-133-6-131-11-140-9-485-6/en/2-0-70/59571/ ) is the tonkor build i used for this survival . 
  in combination with 4cps you can get insane dps . 
  even lategame monsters like dread or paris prime have nothing on 6 forma tonkor . 
  it gets super intense past 60mins , up until that yeah it 's a bit boring . 
  as / u/luxferres said , hammershot is a terrible terrible mod . 
  to make full use of it you need to consistently land headshots , otherwise another 90 % elemental will give you a lot more dmg . 
  i prefer fast hands because tonkor 's normal reload speed of 2 seconds is atrocious and you need to pump out a lot of dps over the short amount of time or 500 + lvl enemies will overwhelm you instantly . 
  i like doing long endless missions . 
  survivals with multiple factions could be cool as well . 
  it 's all backstory . 
  we 're beyond books at this point so you ca n't really spoil anything for a show only watcher . 
  still gon na tag it just in case . 
  [ backstory of the night 's king ] ( #b `` this `` night 's king '' was the 13th lord commander of the night 's watch . 
  he brought a female from beyond the wall who was presumed to be a female white walker . 
  he announced himself as the king in the north and took her as his queen . 
  during his reign as self proclaimed king in the north some dark shit happened . 
  brandon the breaker , the king of winter , and joramun , the king beyond the wall , joined forces and night 's king was brought down . '', 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` maybe dany wandering in the dothraki sea ? 
  or varys assassinating pycelle and kevan ? '', 
  story beyond the wall is up to date . 
  story with night 's watch is not over , some massive spoilers still exist . 
  it was never explored in the show but [ acok ] ( #b `` after renly dies , stannis commands storm 's end castellan cortnay penrose to yield , he refuses . 
  melisandre sends another shadow to kill him . 
  shadow pushes him over the edge of castle 's battlements and the death is ruled out as a suicide . 
  defenders surrender the castle to stannis 's forces . 
  stannis leaves his castellan gilbert farring to hold the castle for him . '' ), 
  that 's not how stannis is , both of them rose to power because they chose to support a false king . 
  they 're both turncloaks . 
  stannis would execute them both to appease the north and show that he means business . 
  cersei is just a means to an end for him . 
  maesters of the citadel stripped him of his chain because he was performing unethical and forbidden experiments , even with live humans . 
  cersei lets him do whatever he wants so it 's ideal for him if she stays in power . 
  first , i wonder what she 'll do after all that roaming in dothraki sea while tripping balls . 
  adwd ends with her , stumbling into dudes she swore to kill in the first book , namely khal jhaqo . 
  dany lost all her rights to the throne when robert usurped it . 
  technically , stannis is the rightful king but only if there 's proof that tommen is not robert 's son . 
  yeah he made fun out of stannis and those rainbowguards who ran over to stannis after renly 's death like a boss . 
  archmaester marwyn or something xd, 
  that is true . 
  actually stannis has targeryen blood as well . 
  rhaelle targaryen was his grandmother from father 's side . 
  massive revelation , view at your own discretion [ asos ] ( #b `` it 's lady stoneheart aka catelyn tully resurrected by the power of the lord of light . 
  beric dondarrion , the leader of the brotherhood without banners gave his life so catelyn could be revived . 
  driven mad with grief , she took command of the brotherhood in beric 's stead and began her mission of revenge , leaving a trail of dead freys , lannisters and everyone who had a hand in red wedding in her wake . '', 
  wilko johnson who plays ilyn payne in the show was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2013 so that got in the way . 
  he recovered after surgery and might even return to the show at the later date . 
  never underestimate the element of surprise . 
  i 'm sure that white walkers are faster and stronger . 
  it seems like their weapons instakill as well . 
  in straight up fight they would still win . 
  outsmarting or outnumbering them is probably the best way . 
  mormonts are badasses by default . 
  that 's how they roll . 
  tonkor is love , tonkor is life . 
  especially with terminal velocity and jetstream zephyr . 
  on impact detonating tonkor grenades are soooooo good !, 
  there are tons of hints . 
  one of the more notable ones is in prologue of adwd . 
  varamyr sixskins , one of the wargs in mance 's army is a pov character in that one . 
  he says that jon is a strong warg but he 's inexperienced and still fighting his true nature . 
  i believe that white walkers let him live like the guy from the beginning of the series . 
  that guy saw white walker decapitate one of his buddies right in front of him and he somehow survived . 
  maybe it 's a scare tactic . 
  i 'm super super sad about shireen . 
  you know that it 's fucked up when selyse is the voice of reason in this . 
  shireen held onto that stag davos made her up until the very end :'(, 
  i knew that doran will redeem dorn storyline . 
  what a fucking beast !, 
  i 'm more interested in what selyse will do . 
  looks like her faith is not as strong as ppl thought . 
  will she try to kill melisandre or melisandre will talk her down with her lord of light bullshit ? 
  davos probably knew that this will happen , that 's why he tried to take her with him . 
  i 'm sure he 'll go apeshit when he finds out . 
  drogon is still small and he 'll definitely at least triple in size . 
  it is said that dragon fire melts steel like butter . 
  aegon 's dragon and dragons of his sisters annihilated entire armies of both the reach and casterly rock almost instantly . 
  i believe he has none . 
  if stannis dies , noble baratheon line is extinguished cuz cersei 's children are not baratheons . 
  he 's a bastard like jon , he has no rights of inheritance unless the king legitimizes him . 
  i do n't think that stannis would do that . 
  i 'm pretty sure that all sons of the harpy got scared shitless and ran after that so they 're safe . 
  props to her . 
  this kid has some real acting talent . 
  a king who burned his heir at the stake ? 
  he 's just melisandre 's pawn , nothing more . 
  if stannis dies , house baratheon will cease to exist . 
  he just killed his only living heir . 
  tommen and myrcella are not baratheons and that truth will be revealed soon . 
  kinda grim if you think about it . 
  both starks and baratheons , both between oldest houses in westeros , from power to a brink of extinction in a span of 3 ~ years . 
  well , book readers know if showrunners are following books on dany 's storyline . 
  after he refused to burn ppl in the books . 
  i 'm left handed , i could n't write for shit with my right hand xd it 's impressive that ppl still can make sense of what he 's writing . 
  jon 's fate at the end of adwd is left unknown , he got stabbed multiple times and left on a verge of death but he 's not dead yet .
