  that will be revealed once you find dandelion . 
  and since you 're skipping a lot of side content with question marks , i 'd say you 're more than 50 % into the game without both dlcs included . 
  it 's because previous 2 games had original storylines , witcher 3 is almost a direct sequel to witcher book saga . 
  scoia ` tael were never really prevalent in the books , they were scheming somewhere in the background for the most part . 
  skellige is all about side quests , main storyline there is that you have to help yen . 
  it showed that all witchers are badasses , not only geralt . 
  i loved it , one of the most memorable missions in gaming i 've ever experienced . 
  you 'll need to get legendary venomous silver sword which is essentially ng + version of regular one . 
  all your gear you got from your first playthrough will become useless fairly early into ng + except a certain sword from b&w which is the only thing that scales into ng + . 
  turn on enemy upscaling in your gameplay options and you 're good to go . 
  all enemies will be of the same lvl as you . 
  nah , the horse has a proper saddle and everything . 
  he 's using a mod . 
  he could be playing with a controller . 
  it 's impossible to get another color horse but brown and black . 
  saddles are the same as in regular playthrough . 
  yeah , all witcher gear in ng + has `` legendary '' prefix , it basically has 2x better stats than in original playthrough, 
  all tiers . 
  it was never outright explained but there are a few bits and pieces in witcher 3 . 
  it is said that the white frost occupies the dimension between our world and the world of aen elle and riders of the wild hunt pass through it every time they teleport , that 's how wild hunt 's navigators and their portals work . 
  wild hunt merely directs the force of the white frost against their foes with the help of portals . 
  they ca n't control it themselves . 
  caranthir is prolly the most powerful navigator the wild hunt has . 
  a bunch of info is scattered across witcher 3 . 
  dialogue between geralt and keira while they 're chasing eredin 's boyband through the cave . 
  also what yen tells to triss about navigators before battle of kaer morhen . 
  then there 's a book about wild hunt you can find , there are some mentions about wild hunt and their ice magic in it . 
  it 's super vague , i guess devs wanted the wild hunt to be more mysterious and in that way appear more threatening . 
  tir n\u00e1 lia is the capital city of the aen elle world . 
  iirc humans used to live on that world as well but aen elle elves slaughtered them all and drove them to extinction . 
  in the books ciri stumbled upon a mass human grave during her time in aen elle world . 
  just like humans are slowly pushing out aen seidhe elves back in geralt 's world , it was a reverse situation in aen elle world . 
  no , gear does n't scale in this game except 1 sword from b&w expansion . 
  if you 're on pc , you can install a mod that scales all your gear to your current lvl but that 's about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was discussed before and somebody said that in polish version emhyr 's lines are a bit different from english ones . 
  basically he dropped a vague hint to geralt that he does n't want to see both of them ( geralt and ciri ) ever again . 
  or you can cast axii on him if you have puppet skill from sign tree and make him leave . 
  hos is completely original story from cdpr , shani is the only one canon character from the books . 
  b&w is similar , story is also original but there are tons of book characters in it and it 's geralt 's second time visiting beauclair . 
  he spent some time there in the books . 
  white options are usually offer more info on the subject while yellow ones progress the conversation further . 
  go finish the main storyline . 
  b&w is supposed to be the end of geralt 's adventures and has a pretty emotional ending , you gon na sour your experience if you finish it before main storyline . 
  you can do it as soon as you reach recommended lvl for the quest if you wish , one of the ending paths even has something interesting if you finish hos before main storyline . 
  witcher 1 did n't age well , it 's very outdated in almost every aspect , especially combat system which is considered to be atrocious by many fans of the franchise . 
  the story is really good tho . 
  witcher 2 is excellent . 
  massive improvement over first one in all aspects . 
  midway , it branches out into 2 completely different story paths so playing it twice to get the full experience is advised . 
  it has its flaws , does n't have fast travel , mission log can be unclear at times and quest tracking system is a bit confusing . 
  it has amazing atmosphere , at times even better than witcher 3 . 
  witcher 3 is a pinnacle of rpg games . 
  outstanding story , graphics , atmosphere and characters . 
  gameplay might be on a weak side if you 're used to games like dark souls . 
  both expansions are worth every penny . 
  i 'd really recommend getting into the books as well , especially before witcher 3 since it 's almost like a direct continuation of the witcher book saga . 
  previous 2 games had original storylines . 
  i was surprised that so many ppl decided to play like wussies and did n't stand up for the guy who was about to get his head chopped off . 
  i went back to them ready to spill some blood cuz they fucked me over . 
  cdpr made him the king . 
  in the books he was only the leader of red riders ( the wild hunt ) . 
  him poisoning king auberon and taking the throne is game-only thing . 
  run script merger , there might be some interference between the two . 
  from what he said while they were pushing him over the chopping block , he got screwed over by them just like geralt did . 
  and the guy does have a person who cares for him as evident by the girl stabbing olgierd in the back for what his crew did if you do n't save the guy . 
  geralt might be neutral for the most part but he 'll never stand there doing nothing in a situation like this . 
  read the books first because games take place after the books . 
  witcher 1 and 2 have original stories and story-wise witcher 3 is a direct continuation of the book saga . 
  you can easily download save files ready for ng +, 
  in the books , geralt carries only the steel sword on his back , he has silver one stashed either in his bedroll or under the saddle but he rarely uses silver one . 
  maintenance of the silver sword is expensive so he uses it as a last resort . 
  you 'll have to reload an earlier save , this is easily fixable on pc with a console command but console players have no way out of this . 
  overleveling is not an issue anymore cuz enemy upscaling exists in your gameplay options . 
  do n't feed the troll guys, 
  take your time , savor the game . 
  do all sidequests , your experience will be a lot more enjoyable if you do them all . 
  some might be really interesting as you 'll soon find out . 
  emhyr was there with ciri during her childhood , still under his guise as prince duny . 
  emhyr tried to bring both pavetta and ciri to nilfgaard and reclaim his birthright to the throne . 
  that 's all i can say without spoiling . 
  aerondight 's pommel but it has different grip . 
  maybe concept aerondight for witcher 3 ? 
  would n't be surprised since that trailer came out almost 2 years before the game and 3 years before b&w . 
  all your gear except aerondight will become irrelevant really quickly in ng + . 
  your witcher gear does n't scale into ng + so you 'll have to collect new witcher sets all over again . 
  in ng + all witcher gear has `` legendary '' prefix . 
  it 's x2 stronger than regular witcher gear . 
  appearance is the same ( except manticore set ) . 
  that would be best yeah , you 'll need a lot of gold to craft new legendary gm sets in ng + . 
  if you visit all noticeboards ( marked yellow on the map ) , you gon na uncover all question marks . 
  doing question marks will earn you gold and ability points . 
  they do n't offer that much exp . 
  gold is vital a bit later on once you start crafting witcher gear which is best in the game . 
  good thing there 's a mod on pc that makes legendary manticore look like regular manticore . 
  yeah , there was a money exploit in white orchard where you could kill infinitely respawning cows and sell stuff they dropped . 
  cdpr responded to this exploit with force . 
  now if you kill cows in white orchard , a high lvl chort spawns to kill your ass . 
  5 years . 
  zoltan says it in the first game that geralt disappeared 5 years ago . 
  yep , finished my ng + death march playthrough couple of days ago .
