  combat fitness perk , it 's a passive so always active . 
  considering that [ spoiler ] ( #s `` there 's an entire kett empire , spanning multiple galaxies , no way this is the end . '' ), 
  did you uncover all dad 's memories ? 
  it 's very interesting . 
  but salarian pathfinder is awesome :(, 
  nice read and i totally agree . 
  it 's clear that she tries to avoid that social outcast status at any cost and she 's grasping to find her purpose in society . 
  she appears again in hyperion 's cryo bay once you uncover your dad 's last memory . 
  at least she did in my playthrough . 
  the angara have relatively long lifespans . 
  there 's a side quest on aya where you can ask angara elders about their first contact with the kett which was 80 + years ago . 
  a tie between elaaden and kadara for me . 
  same issue here . 
  it happens even more often if i play in a private lobby with my friends . 
  it 's very very frustrating because i love multiplayer . 
  i gave it to angara and all it does now is curse everyone . 
  evfra thanked me for giving them `` mad ai '' . 
  i was beginning to regret my decision but not anymore lol, 
  seems like the host is never kicked . 
  only others . 
  one sometimes two players at a time . 
  you can do it after . 
  i finished the main story at 95 % completion . 
  took me 87 hours on hardcore difficulty . 
  it 's not a short game for sure . 
  drack 's backstory almost brought a tear to my eye . 
  i could listen to him speak all day , his voice is sooooo awesome . 
  and no matter what you change , you character still looks like a potato . 
  no , not really . 
  me : a is the most rpg out of all me games we have . 
  me2 and me3 went to full blown space opera action shooter . 
  a lot of ppl were upset by this change too . 
  takes 5mins at most to solve harder one . 
  it 's an actual puzzle and not a garbage we got in me2 . 
  once i saw cora 's assets , hidden under that jumpsuit , my goal was clear ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  benefactor is a person or a group of ppl we do n't know yet i think . 
  it clear that they came along with andromeda initiative . 
  i remember finding a data pad on voeld . 
  from what i could gather , benefactor was communicating with the kett . 
  being intelligent is not the same as being wise . 
  even smartest ppl can make dumb decisions . 
  do n't start with assumptions . 
  finish the quest / u/thefluffyburrito metioned . 
  play me : a thinking it 's a spinoff and not me4 . 
  you 'll enjoy it more that way . 
  salarian pathfinder is awesome and she supports you all the way if you choose her . 
  drack and kesh are mad at you for a while and then they get over it . 
  i do n't know , tyson was in his prime before buster douglas knocked his head off and gave tyson his first loss . 
  that 's when decline started , before he was put in prison . 
  drack : they 're good for target practice ... or a snack . 
  i was afraid that we were going to get shepard 2.0 and i 'm glad that we did n't . 
  you ca n't command respect if you do n't have experience and scott/sara has none . 
  it just wo n't happen , nobody will take you seriously , no matter what your tone is . 
  scott was just an alliance recruit ( below jenkins tier ) and sara served as a provisional support for prothean excavation teams . 
  both had relatively ordinary upbringing too ( besides having estranged father ) . 
  there 's just nothing remarkable about them . 
  just because they were pushed into the role of leadership , it does n't mean that they will instantly become competent and respected . 
  alec is a perfect example of a veteran leader , just his n7 rank is enough for ppl to respect his command because it proves his skill and decades of experience . 
  and it 's complimented by his hardass attitude , completely stopping scott/sara or cora in their tracks with a stare and a single sentence . 
  in the end , i think it 's a matter of preference but if they decide to continue ryder 's story , i wan na see more character growth . 
  i use singularity + incinerate + concussive shot for spamming those detonations . 
  it 's a jack of all trades profile so you 'll get lower value mix of other profiles . 
  biotic blink is very nice for traversal and instant dodging . 
  this sense of entitlement is strong in gaming community . 
  if a person spends money on a game and it does n't meet that person 's expectations , he/she feels entitled to get something extra out that sum of money he/she spent . 
  vanquisher got nerfed , apparently it was doing more dmg on headshots than intended or something . 
  black widow on the other hand should hit hard . 
  i used it through out my first playthrough until i stumbled onto broken bioconverter aug isharay build . 
  ian frazier said that they might make x5 ghost into usable weapon in-game . 
  he said that this gun started out only as a prop but ppl showed enough interest for them to consider making it into a usable weapon . 
  this begs the question , how big is the kett empire ? 
  does it matter if you 're more advanced but you 're outnumbered 1:1000 ? 
  obviously the kett would n't defeat the reapers ( masters of civilization purging ) but i think we do n't have enough evidence to assume that the kett empire is weaker than milky way civilizations . 
  quarians provided andromeda initiative with heleus cluster scans . 
  info is in the dialogue with suvi . 
  they obviously had some kind of partnership . 
  maybe in return , ai funded the construction of quarian ark, 
  you can fast travel to tempest 's location by pressing its icon on the map , there 's usually a forward station close to tempest , from there you can call nomad . 
  or you know , you can just fast travel to the forward station ... 
  obviously it 's someone who 's working for the benefactor . 
  that being said , i do n't think that spender is one of those ppl . 
  he seems to be out for himself . 
  pretty boy mullet kenobi , best kenobi . 
  just a wild speculation . 
  there 's no proof in the game to support this claim . 
  same name could just be a reference or a homage to im . 
  explorer helmet that offers maximum fov vs soldier helmet that offers maximum protection . 
  they had to make a choice and it did n't go their way . 
  looks like nobody expected golden worlds to be a bust . 
  eos has another , smaller vault . 
  your search for a dead scientist can lead you to it . 
  the only reason i would support sloane is kaetus . 
  he 's a good guy who 's stuck in shitty situation . 
  the moment i saw sloane 's gang curb stomping ppl on the station and that drug ring she put in place at the slums , she was as good as dead in my playthrough . 
  not saying that the charlatan is better , i fully expect him to betray me at some point but the guy at least has some decency . 
  it 's beam emitter augment from remnant research . 
  shotguns get unique properties from it . 
  yeah , jaal has plenty of unique stuff to say if you take him to meridian or any angara related quest . 
  it left me with even more questions than answers . 
  ca n't wait to see where they 're going with this plot point .
