  skellige war longships have absolutely no chance . 
  it 's not the best steel sword but prolly the best looking one . 
  stat-wise both viroledan blade and belhaven blade are better . 
  hen gaidth is still not the best steel sword , if you consider scaling then tesha mutna steel sword is better , take it you pick them up at the same lvl . 
  i can post images of them both at lvl98 as proof if you want . 
  that might be the case , i was lvl62 when i started ng +, 
  after you 're done with your first complete playthrough , do ng + playthrough with alternate choices . 
  there are some big differences depending on your choices . 
  i 'm using iris to this day . 
  i just use console commands and give myself iris that corresponds to my level . 
  it works really well with rend/strong attack ursine build . 
  additem ( ` olgierd sabre ' ) , every time you lvl up , you need to give yourself a new one cuz it does n't scale automatically . 
   plus from what i picked up in w3 , triss just upped and left geralt one day, 
  actually it was opposite , geralt caught onto yen 's tracks and dumped triss like a sack of bricks . 
  you kinda need to read the books and play previous games to get the full perspective . 
  what 's true no matter what is that both of them are madly in love with geralt . 
  armor and swords on display do n't carry over , those items need to be in your stash chest to carry over . 
  everything you can put in there carries over to ng + . 
  it does n't matter to be honest , you 'll need new higher lvl gear when you start ng + because stuff like mastercrafted witcher gear will become useless really quick . 
  if you have debug console enabler already installed you can might as well use the commands :, 
  additem ( `` q702_vampire_boots '' ), 
  additem ( `` q702_vampire_pants '' ), 
  additem ( `` q702_vampire_gloves '' ), 
  additem ( `` q702_vampire_armor '' ), 
  additem ( `` q702_vampire_mask '' ), 
  additem ( `` q702 vampire steel sword '' ), 
  yes , he means to hide pathways to kaer morhen because nilfgaardian army is creeping closer, 
   i found the wraith in the von everec estate as well as the 3 ( 5 ) wraiths in the nightmare realm to be borderline insanity . 
  countering their attacks is essential , when you get the timing right , that boss battle is super easy . 
  same with olgierd boss battle which is one of my favorites in the game . 
  you can definitely see it on jaime 's face . 
  that look , full of contempt and anger . 
  i would n't be surprised if grrm drew some inspiration from sapkowski 's works . 
  in general , all medieval fantasy stories have a lot of things in common . 
  a journey by ship from dorne to ~ ~ slaver 's bay ~ ~ * bay of dragons * should take like 3 weeks at minimum , he must have a jet plane or something . 
  first episode of season 7 . 
  bran emerges from haunted forest , arrives at castle black and he 's like `` sup , what did i miss ? '', 
  you need to choose who to help in the quest called `` king 's gambit '' . 
  if you go with hjalmar , he becomes the king , if you go with cerys , she becomes the queen . 
  that quest should be available as soon as you help both of them in their respective quests . 
  manticore set is insanely powerful if you 're going with crit swordsmanship/alchemy hybrid build . 
  speaking of wolves ... where 's ghost ? 
  yes , if you choose not to interfere , svanrige becomes the king i believe . 
  if you 're on pc , you can install a mod that removes geralt 's lvl100 cap . 
  you can find it on witcher 3 nexus . 
  install a fix for that mod as well or you wo n't be able to pick up any quest items and you should be fine . 
  that 's the only solution i 've found so far . 
  you can might as well start with ng + , blood & wine will scale into ng + automatically . 
  as for experience , crank up difficulty up to death march or at least blood and broken bones and slowly progress through the game with no rushing or fast travel , turn off your ui for maximum immersion . 
  ng + is a perfect time to test out new builds ( swordsmanship/alchemy , pure alchemy , adrenaline , pure sign builds etc. ), 
  because you already have enough points unlocked to switch around . 
  also , do n't forget to collect every bit of witcher gear . 
  you 'll need every single bit for blood & wine to be able to craft grandmaster gear . 
  mutations from blood and wine do carry over to ng + . 
  going to say this right off the bat . 
  all armours and swords you collected in regular playthrough will become useless really quick in ng + because enemy and quest levels are so much higher . 
  do n't be surprised if early in the game you stumble upon a better armour or a sword than your grandmaster witcher gear . 
  you 'll need to collect legendary witcher gear which is the same witcher gear but with upscaled stats . 
  as for decoctions , arachas , chort , ekhidna , ekimmara , noonwraith , werewolf , wyvern and succubus decoctions were particularly useful in my case . 
  yes , you 'll need to have highest tier witcher gear ( mastercrafted ) to be able to craft grandmaster gear in blood and wine . 
  only exception is wolven gear . 
  you can craft it without needing previous tiers already crafted . 
  once you start collecting witcher gear in ng + , you 'll notice that every piece of witcher gear has `` legendary '' in its name , which means it 's ng + witcher gear and it has higher stats than regular witcher gear . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1334/ ? ), 
  worked for me . 
  if it does n't , reinstall your microsoft redistributable even if you have newest version already . 
  there 's this really huge bug , if you start ng + above lvl60 , enemy scaling will go off balance and by the end you 'll see lvl100 + enemies . 
  make sure you 're not overleveled for ng + . 
  as far as i know , it was never stated , in the books or games . 
  nothing major but you gon na miss a sweet gwent tourney in novigrad , i thought it had a cool storyline and a cool side character . 
  the caretaker , he absolutely kicked my ass first time around on death march . 
  was a lot easier on ng + when i was critting him with my fully stacked aerondight for 20k dmg . 
  despite being 5 years old , witcher 2 is an incredibly graphically intensive game . 
  first of all , make sure you have uber sampling disabled , it 's a real fps killer . 
  your gpu should still be able to handle the game pretty well otherwise . 
  no idea , must be a design choice . 
  bear in mind that we never saw redanian frontline soldiers , just a bunch of guards on patrol in the city . 
  no wonder nilfgaardians are stomping so hard , all of them have that sweetass full plate black armour . 
  must be a driver issue , i do n't know . 
  i 'm pretty sure that your rig should be able to handle witcher 2 . 
  when the game first came out , i played it with a worse rig and still had 60 fps . 
  redanian armour definitely sucks really badly in witcher 3 . 
  i expected them to look more like [ temerian soldiers ] ( http://www.pc-experience.de/bilder-reviews/msi3/witcher.2.jpg ) in witcher 2 . 
  similarities are there but redanian armour lacks plate . 
  it does n't matter who 's after cercei cuz i 'm pretty sure danny will take over soon , no chance lannisters are gon na remain in power if dorne and highgarden supports danny . 
  lannisters prolly still have the support of stormlands but that 's only 2 kingdoms against danny 's massive army and 3 motherfucking dragons . 
  she should definitely be upstairs , her room is supposed to be next to hjalmar 's . 
  i do n't think so , true form dettlaff is a one powerful mofo . 
  i had a really hard time killing him on death march . 
  even regular monsters like kikimores , centipedes and those plant thingies in b&w are really annoying and strong . 
  entire b&w comes after main storyline , it 's supposed to be geralt 's last adventure . 
  it 's still narrated by dandellion but he 's really really old so voice actor is different . 
  it 's not vesemir 's voice actor , what are you talking about ? 
  if you 're on pc , it 's easily fixable with a mod . 
  you 're actually missing out on a few really useful quality of life mods that would make your journey more enjoyable . 
  stuff like auto oil application that corresponds to the monster you 're fighting is just too useful . 
  that 's why i do n't bother with huge rework mods that change core elements of the game . 
  a few visual tweaks here and there or quality of life mods like debug console ca n't hurt . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that you can , all saves from old patch always carry over to new patch with no problems . 
  i did in my most recent ng + playthrough .
