  unless george decided to exclude some part of ned 's and lyanna 's conversation before she died . 
  everyone , including ned just assumes that she got kidnapped or absconded with rhaegar . 
  imo he turned into wasted potential when he went to barca to play second fiddle to xavi and iniesta . 
  he was a god at arsenal . 
  it 's hard to believe that sapkowski said something nice about an adaptation of his works . 
  he denounced witcher game franchise and called it fan fiction and spent years talking shit about it . 
  he 's an arrogant person , almost everybody who met him are saying the same thing . 
  he probably felt robbed after he foolishly agreed to share witcher brand with cdpr for pennies and they went on to create one of the greatest video games of our generation . 
  his books are fantastic nonetheless and i 'm very glad that he 's involved with the development of this show in some capacity . 
  even tywin says that dismissing selmy was a foolish decision . 
  lose/lose situation for arsenal here i think . 
  both kroenke and usmanov are terrible owners . 
  she 's as good as dead . 
  need more drama up in this bitch !, 
  what facts ? 
  have you even watched serie a this season ? 
  roma and napoli finished 4 and 5 points behind juve . 
  both put up one hell of a fight . 
  juve is insanely consistent at holding their lead . 
  that was a great burn . 
  after that scene all i could think of was ender getting kicked in the chest by a mule . 
  as a reader of both asoiaf and ender 's game , i thoroughly enjoyed this dig . 
  i do n't see a headband on geralt 's head . 
  where 's that 80s badass look geralt has in the books ? 
  army of the dead breaching the wall . 
  that would be epic . 
  just inhaled that first one , holy crap . 
  that 's how red lanterns work in dc comics . 
  red lantern ring replaces the heart of a user . 
  then they can use their own blood infused with red lantern energy as a weapon . 
  perfectly understandable . 
  it 's hard to jump into a game in its 3rd installment . 
  you 're not invested into these characters . 
  witcher 3 tries to get ppl up to speed but it 's not the same as getting into it after reading all books and finishing previous 2 games . 
  the story is what makes this game so good and if you ca n't enjoy it , this is not the game for you . 
  since fake ciri was cut from the game , the easiest explanation would be that `` empress ciri '' ending is not a canon ending in this particular case . 
  general public has no knowledge of ciri . 
  `` canon ending '' means genuine or the real ending as defined by the creators . 
  game has multiple endings but only one can be canon if you wan na continue the story . 
  it is time for a change but currently there 's not a single available manager at wenger 's level or higher . 
  would you rather take moyes ? 
  is he ? 
  i thought he 's still at psg . 
  `` all you need is kill '' light novel and manga adaptation is pretty much exactly that . 
  groundhog day - military style but with alien invasion thrown into the mix . 
  `` edge of tomorrow '' movie is another adaptation of the same novel . 
  that post-game depression ... happens to me every time i finish an emotionally gripping game . 
  the last of us , witcher 3 , s1 of the walking dead , brothers : a tale of two sons . 
  all had the same effect on me but right now i 'm hopeful about that live action adaptation of lis . 
  legendary digital and dj2 entertainment are working on it and live action adaptation is currently in early stages of development . 
  1994 was an absolutely amazing year for movies . 
  the shawshank redemption , pulp fiction , lion king , forrest gump , leon : the professional , natural born killers , speed . 
  i think this game has the hardest hitting ending when it comes to emotions . 
  i do n't think i ever felt like that after finishing a game . 
  i did n't like the ending of civil war . 
  tony seems to forgive steve too quickly after reading that letter . 
  i expected tony to hold a mad grudge going into infinity war after all that dramatic `` you do n't deserve that shield !, 
  my father made that shield !, 
  when max had to go back to the past and let william die . 
  i think it was the moment when max realised that her power is a huge burden and not a gift . 
  that heartbreak in her voice when william leaves the house was absolutely devastating for me . 
  the butterfly effect is the basis of this game . 
  you saving chloe caused the storm , because of the storm something even worse might happen . 
  every action has repercussions and it 's gon na snowball out of control . 
  the decision broke my heart but it had to happen . 
  it 's chloe 's fate to die in that bathroom . 
  even she accepts that at the end . 
  i respected her decision . 
  ppl constantly talk about excal prime and horrors of exclusivity and i just want braton vandal and lato vandal . _ . 
  he was already a well established talent . 
  he was considered to be one of the best keepers in the world and even got his first ballon d'or nomination before joining juve . 
  still , it was a crazy amount of money for a keeper and it was hard to justify at the time . 
  matt reeves is a fantastic replacement , i still have high hopes for this movie . 
  my friend with severe arachnophobia would love this lol, 
  arya this episode : `` i came here to eat pies and kill freys and i 'm all out of freys . '', 
  clean widow you got there , son . 
  i was really sad for him after dany banished him in the books . 
  after that , his life was nothing but pain and misery that turned him into a husk of a man . 
  arthur dayne did n't have that typical dornish accent in the show mostly because daynes are stony dornishmen . 
  dornishmen of that particular ethnicity are a lot closer to andal and first men ancestors . 
  in the books , daynes are dark haired , pale and have violet eyes . 
  their lands are neighboring the reach so arthur had an accent closer to tyrells . 
  martells on the other hand , have brown eyes and olive skin because they are salty dornishmen , they are the closest descendants of rhoynish people who fled essos so they have that exotic accent . 
  well , technically she 's not lol . 
  she 's a bastard from house uller , who are sandy dornish . 
  she 's a great actress , too bad she was given awful script to work with since season 5 . 
  i can totally see manfrey martell who still holds sunspear and all the houses loyal to martells , fighting yronwoods for dorne . 
  i 'd want them to tie up the loose ends with saskia and iorveth since their plotline got cut from the main game . 
  [ trailer sword combo is by far my favorite ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oylsgl1.jpg ) . 
  too bad you can only get them with mods . 
  faith of the seven is strictly against polygamy . 
  aegon i is the only exception because septons were likely too scared to speak against him . 
  his rule was absolute , nobody could contest it and survive . 
  aegon 's son , maegor the cruel was the only other king to practice polygamy and it did n't end well for him . 
  he never had support of the faith and spent good part of his life fighting faith militant , these events eventually ended with the downfall of his rule . 
  during targaryen civil war there were three completely wild dragons . 
  sheepstealer , cannibal and grey ghost . 
  a targaryen bastard girl named nettles managed to tame sheepstealer by feeding him daily . 
  this is the most famous example of dragon taming but they were relatively common when there were more dragons around . 
  i had the same feeling when i learned about master mirror 's backstory .
