  that 's your only option cuz you can barely play and have 3 ppl active out of 30 . 
  wf subreddit is not the place to went your frustration . 
  ahhh the benefits of a small and very active shadow clan . 
  do n't worry , clan downsizing will come and problem will be solved . 
  i need galatine prime in my life . 
  the green mile did it for me . 
  guy is hilarious . 
  this would be a perfect mix , so many inappropriate jokes . 
  well , at least they acknowledge that this awesome show existed at some point . 
  best superhero cartoon since justice league cancelled , so much wasted potential ... 
  hammershot is a noob bait . 
  for it to be more useful than 90 % elemental or fanged fusillade , you need to consistently land headshots over and over again or else you 'll just do less dps . 
  heavy caliber absolutely rapes bow 's accuracy , it 's terrible on any bow . 
  you wo n't hit shit past 15 meters . 
  you 're already using the most optimal build . 
  not really . 
  the security guy who was trying to stop the beating got mauled by the crowd and the dickhead who was hitting the pitch invader got away . 
  atm he 's probably better than a current rhino , which does n't say much cuz current rhino is fucking terrible . 
  definitely not better than zephyr and atlas . 
  i do n't know if bowen marsh was fit for command after the bridge of skulls . 
  it really messed with his mind and clouded his judgement . 
  after that battle he was driven only by revenge and nothing else and jon failed to notice that . 
  marsh did like jon i believe so it defintely was n't personal as evident by his tears during the act of betrayal . 
  oberon is a jack of all trades , master of none . 
  a mix of mediocre cc and supporting abilities . 
  he 's no bad per se but why would you play oberon when you can play nyx for cc or trin for instant heals and 99 % dmg reduction ? 
  oberon is just not very good at his job . 
  he said in multiple interviews that he tends to stay away from the majority of the theories but he said that some ppl guessed some things right . 
  i sometimes do n't understand why some ppl ca n't enjoy both , marvel and dc property . 
  come on ppl , we 're in the world where we can have both . 
  blind fanboyism is a nasty thing . 
  and now his watch is ended ... 
  there 's an uproar about that in forums for like 3 months now . 
  dolla dolla bill y' all !, 
  as said by rekkles , eu is the worst paying region when it comes to competitive league . 
  winning trophies is not everything when it comes to e-sports . 
  ppl want to make money . 
  you actually can . 
  come to think of it , he 's a perfect man for the job . 
  level headed , smart , does n't afraid to get his hands dirty . 
  amell is such a bro . 
  mother of god ... so the rumors were true !, 
  lex creates doomsday !, 
  it 's only a baby doomsday , i think he 'll hyper evolve at some point in the movie . 
  need a hug ? 
  u18 came and so did i. 
  i bet a lot of ppl are kicking themselves now because they put forma on their exilus slots . 
  amount of ppl complaining that you can move too quickly in pve  amount of ppl who thinks that movement in pve is balanced . 
  sad but true , refer to the whinny kids in wf forums who keep crying for nerfs every single day . 
  yes , thunderbolt works with artemis bow . 
  instructions not clear , where do i need to stand and spam 3 ? 
  artemis bow scales with firerate mods , crit mods , elemental mods so there 's plenty of options but yeah , thunderbolt is not really worth it unless you just wan na play around with it for teh lolz . 
  need a hug ? 
  after loki stabs coulson through the chest in first avengers , coulson tells loki that he lacks conviction and that 's why he 'll lose . 
  oberon is not a bad frame , he just does n't excel at anything . 
  he 's decent for cc , dmg and healing but not amazing . 
  he 's fine for t3 and t4 voids as long as you 're not doing anything serious like 1h + survivals or 50 + wave defenses . 
  another thing is that oberon is not a desired frame when playing in a group so you might have a harder time finding ppl to play with . 
  depending on your playstyle you might wan na look into nova , frost , trinity , loki or nekros . 
  those frames are really really strong and always wanted in missions . 
  if you like drakgoon , try out other shotguns like hek or tigris . 
  there are a lot of strong weapons to choose from . 
  * never pop life support capsules if current life support is above 70 %, 
  i do n't see how an unkillable frame can possibly be bad . 
  ppl who are saying that wukong is weak are beyond retarded . 
  go farm crimson derpfish on kiste , ceres . 
  way faster and it has a high chance of spawning tons of bombards . 
  in a month 's time i got 3 . 
  very sassy for a 12 year old . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  i like running [ typical crit build ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m0cbaoo.png ) . 
  hieracon dark sector excavation on pluto is your best bet . 
  cores at rotation a extractors , t3 and t4 keys on rotation b extractors and lifestrike on rotation c extractors . 
  it 's the mission to spam right now . 
  it does drop t4 keys and all of them . 
  bruh ... you have no idea ... 
  kevan was a chill guy . 
  too bad he was in tywin 's shadow all his life and when he 's finally in the spotlight , he gets offed . 
  feels bad man . 
  try doing some odds , i got plenty of cleaving whirlwinds while farming for trinity prime bp . 
  warframes themselves are living beings capable of decisionmaking to some extent . 
  your warframe breaks hunhow 's sword without tenno 's direct control . 
  i 'm sure de will elaborate on this in the future quests . 
  according to some popular theories , warframe itself is a living being infected with a strain of technocyte virus , this renders them docile so tenno could control them . 
  everything is just a big speculation until de decides otherwise . 
  comic ultron . 
  aou ultron was a wuss . 
  `` unhand me you savage ! '', 
  wukong is alright , a frame that can never die is never bad . 
  ca n't say the same about nezha , massive disappointment just like atlas was on release . 
  at least atlas got some massive buffs since then . 
  just from pure brute force and fighting skills ? 
  prolly juiced up slade . 
  rj excal is mostly used for draco powerleveling . 
  ppl avoid speaking about draco here although large majority of the community runs it to cap their daily focus or level gear . 
  all shotguns are really strong , drakgoon is not an exception . 
  bouncing shrapnel it fires can hit multiple targets , charged shots have innate punchthrough . 
  it 's mostly slash dmg which is the best scaling physical dmg type in the game if you 're stacking 4 cps . 
  drakgoon is still below the heavy hitters vaykor hek and sancti tigris but it can definitely carry you through serious content . 
  nope , not that we know of .
