  zhuge is exactly like attica . 
  full auto with even faster firerate and less base dmg so yeah , vile precision works even worse on it than on attica . 
  by all means , [ here 's a front view for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ijd6ue3.jpg ) . 
  now i actually think that by the end of 4th season oliver gets rescued from the island and flashbacks are finished ... pls be true ... 
  definitely made as a joke xd why ppl even compare the two in the first place ? 
  sancti tigris has more burst dmg and vaykor hek has more sustained dps . 
  end of story . 
  literally a boosted animal, 
  digging the new suit . 
  this one might be the best since jim lee 's one . 
  at first i thought that waters was a targ loyalist ( fits perfectly , knowing his velaryon origins ) and joined aegon 's cause after cersei was imprisoned . 
  apparently that 's not the case . 
  if you read twow sample arianne chapter , grrm drops some possible knowledge about the fate of aurane waters . 
  there are rumors about a new pirate king in stepstones who calls himself the lord of the waters . 
  so it 's highly likely that waters jacked cersei 's ships and went full pirate . 
  very good theory , i can definitely get behind this . 
  now i wonder how margaery knew of cersei 's bed adventures . 
  maybe taena merryweather works as a double agent for maergery ? 
  maybe maergery coerced the info out of osney kettleblack ? 
  i do n't think waters has a reason to support tyrells . 
  if he was given rosby before cersei 's jail time . 
  then i could see that , supporting tyrells so they could help him keep the stuff that 's not rightfully his . 
  this is soooo satisfying to watch, 
  even cersei knows this as well , we actually do n't know how much info cersei reveals to taena so it 's unclear . 
  make them look like the dominators from psycho pass and i 'll be happy . 
  i only want a new batman standalone movie at this point cuz affleck killed it as batman . 
  i 'm gon na lose faith after couple more failures . 
  if suicide squad and wonder woman are terrible then dceu will die i think . 
  how do writers deal with this in the comics then since he 's much much faster there ? 
  ( i do n't read flash comics that much ), 
  amell deserves better , at this point even he cant carry the show anymore with the terrible script he 's been given . 
  thx for such an informative response, 
  that 's only your opinion and you treat it as a fact . 
  lot is way way better than anything arrow put out for almost 2 years now . 
  not as good as flash but characters there are actually well written with a few exceptions . 
  not really , in the comics he 's been an alcoholic for years . 
  [ taking it to the next level ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6w3kmlx.jpg ), 
  i 'm just glad that they 're learning from their mistakes unlike that one dc show i do n't wan na mention . 
  that 's just how desecrate nekros is , you just spam 3 and let others kill shit , the role of a support . 
  you 're actually wrong , b&r has the biggest deathcount , it killed the audience . 
  also batman franchise for 7 years . 
  holy shit i completely missed the fact that it was kgbeast . 
  and i wondered why the name anatoli knyazev was familiar . 
  i think that because he was unable to escape since they stripped him off his explosive hearing aid , he was able to mend his relationship with everyone instead of escaping and trying to kill them all . 
  the fuck is this ? 
  an arrow episode that is surprisingly enjoyable ? 
  let 's hope they learned this time . 
  they need to do a lot of damage control but this show can still be salvaged . 
  after season 2 i never thought i 'm gon na like laurel ever again , boy i was wrong . 
  rotten tomatoes stopped being relevant to me when i learned that sharknado has 82 % rating there . 
  audience score is almost always closer to the the score the movie deserves . 
  brienne recognizes genry as robert 's bastard almost instantly because he looks almost like renly . 
  and she 's not the only one . 
  stannis , jon arryn , ned and aria recognize him as robert 's bastard as well . 
  i always found it bizarre . 
  make her work with joe on the same case and prosecution as a recurring character for season 3 of flash , i 'd love that . 
  sorrows, 
  subscribe to r/flashtv and become jay garrick today !, 
  i do n't use ev because i 'm using 99 % bless trin , that 's more useful than having full energy . 
  this was the last arrow episode i 've ever watched . 
  i was an avid fan and now i despise this show . 
  tried to be patient but this just broke my back . 
  i was a sub for both but unsubscribed from arrow after 4x18 , that last episode broke my back . 
  yeah that 's kinda annoying , you need to choose specific dialogue lines when talking to djikstra and while saying `` goodbye '' to triss . 
  without looking it up on internet it 's impossible to know how to romance triss . 
  i 've been obsessed with witcher series for a month now . 
  playing witcher 3 for second week , fucking amazing franchise . 
  prolly gon na read the book series as well after i 'm done with the games . 
  this is not elder scrolls , you do n't need a billion mods to make this game presentable and bearable to play . 
  some hud mods are really really useful tho . 
  triss will still pop up at kaer morhen before the battle because yen invites her . 
  does n't matter if you romance triss or not , she will still appear later . 
  one of the hardest monsters on death march difficulty for me . 
  the dude takes forever to light that damn lighthouse . 
  enemy dismemberments are so satisfying in this game, 
  witcher 3 has an amazingly constructed main storyline , prolly the best one out of all rpgs i 've ever played . 
  you know you just finished an excellent game if the choices you made stay with you after you beat it . 
  truly unforgettable experience . 
  long story short , geralt and yen were in relationship before they both got separated and succumbed to amnesia . 
  triss knew geralt was in relationship but used the fact that he had amnesia and got together with him . 
  at the end of witcher 2 geralt regains all his memories , abandons triss to chase after yen once she contacts him with a letter . 
  if you choose to help roche and ves , you basically sell the rest of the north for temeria 's independence . 
  even then , i would n't be surprised if emhyr decides to break this pact . 
  your pc should be able to run witcher 3 at medium settings . 
  when i finally reached skellige , i spent 4 days there doing sidequests and looting chests . 
  the amount of content in this game is just staggering . 
  i got the bittersweet ending on my first go , now playing ng + . 
  this game hits you hard in the feels man . 
  the quality only a good game can have , at the end you care so much for all the characters that you want to make them happy at any cost . 
  only a heartless monster could do that . 
  i really liked keira . 
  sassy , smart and beautiful . 
  dijkstra 's dialogue with geralt had me in stitches on few occasions in witcher 3 , he was awesome . 
  i 'm sad that they botched that conspiracy situation . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` dijkstra is way too smart to reveal his master plan and openly threaten roche and geralt , let alone fight them by himself !, 
  roche was a commander of elite temerian army unit and geralt is called the butcher of blaviken for a reason ffs . '' ), 
  i absolutely loved jamie 's storyline from affc . 
  keep in mind that this book focuses more on background characters instead of the big three jon/tyrion/dany so tweak your expectations accordingly . 
  i love that you can see the tower of fyke isle there in the distance . 
  i love my viper set crit/poison build focusing on school of cat swordsmanship and aard .
