  like the the black gate in the nightfort ? 
  i was a massive hater of s1 , thought s2 was decent but this season ... it 's fucking excellent !, 
  i 'm so glad i did n't drop this show . 
  it 's not as bad as ppl think . 
  with enough forma you can make everything work . 
  i 'm sure that the sniper rifle buffs will fix that . 
  i ca n't believe they referenced mr. 
  i love this season !, 
  it does n't stack , it only refreshes the duration of the viral debuff . 
   multiple procs do not reduce health further , but only serve to refresh the time spent with halved health . 
  refreshing the proc does not change the amount of health halved , in order for that to happen the proc must wear off and be reapplied again . 
  straight off the wf wiki, 
  eobard probably integrated gideon back into his suit ( like in s1e17 ) when he cleaned his stash in the secret room and went into hiding . 
  gideon disappeared together with eobard when eddie shot himself . 
  it 's not a common knowledge that lsh is a resurrected catelyn tully . 
  from jaime 's chapters from affc we find out that most ppl still believe that dondarrion is still alive leading bwb . 
  there are only whispers about lsh . 
  edmure was in captivity for months , i doubt that he got any info about what 's happening out there . 
  if bwb attacks edmure 's escort to casterly rock and frees him , i wonder how lsh will react to edmure . 
  he was banging roslin while red wedding was happening . 
  you think lsh would care about that ? 
  she 's not catelyn anymore , you ca n't reason with her . 
  ww 's can resurrect any corpse but they need to be in range so if predictions are right and if the ww 's bring down the wall and march south , annihilating everything in their path , it 's a high possibility of that happening . 
  she 's at the twins for as of now but she 'll have to travel to casterly rock after giving birth so that confrontation might happen . 
  how bwb is sneaking around riverlands while hunting down freys and lannisters without getting caught is beyond me . 
  they must be really well organised . 
  there 's no evidence that they could n't either . 
  the most recent episode was centered around diggle . 
  he 's awesome . 
  rank5 mods should always be maxed . 
  serration and heavy cal . 
  ranks depend on how rich you are . 
  obviously she was being mind controlled to hide the evidence . 
  mix up dark blue , brightest pink possible and neon green . 
  all in infested pack . 
  that 's the worst combination i 've ever seen . 
  come on , i want gp announcer pack . 
  stuff like `` your ally 's lost his innards ! '', 
  was epic as hell !, 
  double is a fucking god !, 
  that autospacing was unreal . 
  i hope she 's good in bvs . 
  finally , noro goes down . 
  so he does have a threshold and ca n't heal everything indefinitely . 
  read it and try to memorize as much as possible . 
  the further you read , the more exposition you get . 
  i started the next day the red wedding episode aired , that cliffhanger was too much for me . 
  welcome to the comic book world . 
  where no one stays dead ... ever . 
  sweet mother of jesus !, 
  are those zed buffs ? 
  they recently decreased the responsiveness of his w+q combo , by a lot . 
  they made him slow , sluggish assassin with tons of counterplay . 
  this was a huuuuge blow to him so increasing projectile speed of w is what he needed . 
  agree with dmg buff on ult . 
  it 's unnecessary , zed already has a substantial power spike after first back . 
  thawne sped up the timeline so that storyline should happen like 5 years sooner , 2019 . 
  jon is denying his warging capabilities , he resists . 
  arya does n't . 
  sansa 's chapters in affc . 
  also sansa is a terrible liar . 
  rhino is not a tank . 
  he 's a pseudo tank . 
  by himself he 's not that durable at all but he can buff his effective hp with iron skin which does n't scale that well . 
  if you want a real tank , you should look at frames like valkyr , chroma , atlas . 
  those 3 have high innate dmg mitigation due to high base armor and hp stats . 
  other frames like trinity , mesa , zephyr become incredibly tanky after casting one or two of their dmg mitigation abilities . 
  hey , hydroid still serves it 's purpose . 
  since you can recast his ult , he 's much better for resource farming now . 
  at least he has one use . 
  he 's not your average mustache-twirling villain . 
  he 's one of the most iconic dc supervillains and this tv show did him justice . 
  hey there captain mcsalty butthurt !, 
  stop crying like a kid . 
  do you even know a difference between a grind and time-gating ? 
  knux was n't a grind either . 
  if you do n't play the game that much , do n't complain that you ca n't get the shit you want the same day it comes out . 
  when was the last time you played excal ? 
  cuz he ca n't use syndicate procs in exalted blade form anymore . 
  it was changed like 2 months ago . 
  it 's only a grind for ppl who play like 2 hours of wf a week . 
  they do n't get the right to complain about the grind if they barely play the game in the first place . 
  if de wants you to play and earn knux , you farm for resources , i do n't see a problem here . 
  ppl are just butthurt cuz they ca n't get new stuff right off the bat . 
  do n't go around waving your rageboner at ppl . 
  completely missed my point . 
  you wan na craft stuff for free . 
  everyone wants that ofc . 
  that 's not how this game works . 
  i suggest you should stop playing altogether because you obviously have a problem with farming resources . 
  wf is all about farming . 
  that 's de 's fault because clan downsizing does n't work . 
  i 'll give you that but knux is not even a must-have weapon so you can take time farming for it . 
  not everything needs to be instantly researched . 
  a lot of ppl are raging because it takes time to get something and contribute nothing to the community . 
  i find it disgusting . 
  if you 're one of those mr fanatics like me , your inventory is like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hkopzmg.jpg ) so there 's no problem but that 's a large minority of community . 
  imo only justified rage about grind is when the thing you 're farming for has like 1 % drop chance or even less like some mods and prime parts . 
  tywin only cares about his family and his family alone . 
  from all your comments it 's apparent that you have absolutely no patience and ca n't even wait for clan downsizing that comes with u18 .
