  jaal joined as an observer to find out if we 're a threat to the angara . 
  not many ulterior motives when compared to me2 for example . 
  what about the drug ring sloane put in place ? 
  is that really a lesser evil ? 
  tier 1 does n't exist . 
  it starts will tier 2 which is alec 's armor . 
  some ppl like the lighter tone , some ppl hate it . 
  for me it just feels like a marvel movie . 
  jokes , cool action but not a lot of substance behind it . 
  after spending 3 games consoling my squadmates like a psychiatrist , fixing other ppl 's fuck ups and trying to prevent apocalypse , i wanted something new , not more of the same . 
  i liked me : a but did n't love it . 
  ultimately , it lacked polish . 
  this is not a game with 5 years of development time , it 's obvious that they scrapped a lot of ideas and encountered many problems early on . 
  they kinda got overzealous when it comes to setting up plot points for future games . 
  not a lot of decisions mattered in this particular game but we do n't know what the future holds . 
  it 's actually explained in one of the data terminals on the hyperion in the epilogue . 
  archon used his mind to control meridian , when ryder severed that connection , that part of archon 's consciousness got trapped in meridian , separated from his body . 
  too bad that this info was in text form . 
  ppl like to compare tempest and normandy but they have different purposes . 
  tempest is an exploration vessel , it was designed to operate both in planet 's atmosphere and space . 
  it can land on any flat surface by itself . 
  normandy is a pure warship , it can only land by docking at a designated port or a larger spaceship . 
  playing as him felt like watching star trek reboot , i liked him but he needs more character development , a lot more . 
  1 game is not enough to compare him to shepard who had 3 games worth of development imo . 
  i thought that me1 paragon shepard was stiff as a board ( kinda expected from a lifetime soldier ) but he got progressively better with every game . 
  i always wanted a batarian squadmate with bad attitude but that 's not gon na happen most likely . 
  ai did n't recruit any batarians as far as i know . 
  you need to establish that colony for the sake of the ppl on the nexus , whether you like krogan or not . 
  keeping the core will get you nowhere anyway . 
  try playing on insanity . 
  enemy scaling will kick your ass . 
  even worse on ng + . 
  sam is a fully sentient ai . 
  his processing power must be insane . 
  we saw in ot what sentient ai is capable of . 
  i 've seen at least one . 
  one of the dialogue options on liam 's loyalty mission . 
  lying about weapons malfunction . 
  it 's directly from new hope . 
  sloane made kadara port into drug addiction and racketeering hellhole for personal gain . 
  she says she cares about her ppl but only her inner circle while others are condemned to suffer a fate worse than death . 
  if you support her , she ends up extorting nexus outpost for protection too . 
  not to mention that angara locals hate her guts . 
  unclear what kind of long term damage her rule can cause to kadara as a whole but it should be pretty substantial . 
  life sucks but at least you know what to expect . 
  things are pretty different if reyes takes charge . 
  some for the better , some for the worse . 
  he appeases angara by having an angara representative as his front . 
  he stops extorting defenseless exiles . 
  he arranges protection for nexus outpost for free . 
  everything sounds nice but feeling of uncertainty is strong . 
  sounds too good to be true . 
  most ppl who defend sloane are saying that he 'll betray you . 
  but why ? 
  reyes has no personal gain for screwing over nexus . 
  in the end you have to decide who to support . 
  cunning criminal with seemingly good intentions or a criminal with a clear agenda against you . 
  you ca n't really compare these both authors when it comes to game adaptations . 
  glukhovsky was heavily involved with the development process of game adaptations . 
  he even wrote the story and almost all dialogue for `` metro : last light '' so technically he was one of the developers . 
  he 's very happy and proud that the games were successful . 
  sapkowski on the other hand , had zero involvement . 
  all he did was sell ip rights to cdpr . 
  it 's one of the hardest decisions in the game . 
  by the looks of it , community is split on this decision . 
  i wonder how it turns out in the future . 
  definitely on purpose, 
  conte laid a foundation , allegri built an amazing squad on it . 
  the game has many flaws but ultimately it 's still really fun . 
  me : a falters when it comes to narrative , open world gameplay mechanics were ripped straight from da : inquisition and ppl did n't expect such a light tone from this game ( many longtime me fans were angry about that ) . 
  not to mention all the bugs and lack of polish . 
  it 's only natural for ppl who bought the game at full price to be mad . 
  i think that after 5 years of development , me : a had unrealistically high expectations . 
  devs ran into many problems during development , even if they do n't wan na say anything , it 's clear if you look at the final product we got . 
  not even gon na talk about the huge innate hate for bioware in gaming community ... 
  i recently finished insanity ng + too . 
  settled with invasion/charge/turbocharge build and bioconverter piranha x. 
  it was all about sustained dps at the end . 
  invasion was able to soften those bullet sponge enemies like behemoth or fiend and thx to bioconverter , you can absolutely unload on them without reloading . 
  oh it 's significant alright . 
  it 's one of the best abilities to take in a fight against broken scaling system of this game . 
  it 's just that the constructs do n't do that much dmg against bullet sponge enemies . 
  romanced peebee first then cora on ng + . 
  romantic relationship build up was never bioware 's strong suite . 
  few conversations , awkward flirting , loyality mission , some more awkward flirting and you 're rewarded with a sex scene . 
  that being said , i think that relationship with peebee is the most interesting out of all romance options . 
  just like in ot where liara was `` canon '' romance option and others felt tacked on . 
  bioware sure loves their asari . 
  garrus works better as your best buddy imo . 
  jack 's dialogue is more detailed because of her personality , it 's all about shepard breaking that barrier of solitude and bad attitude , talking about her traumatic childhood . 
  but they dropped the ball at the end i think . 
  her build up in me2 kinda leads nowhere if you do n't romance her , she just tells you to fuck off . 
  maxed invasion is good but you 'll only notice the difference when bullet sponge scaling really kicks in around the end of the game or ng + . 
  it feels the most significant on sniper rifles or shotguns . 
  yes but it felt like jack still hates you after you try to help her . 
  no character progression ( talking only about me2 ) . 
  she sends you off even after suicide mission . 
  that abrupt lack of things to say always felt off but that 's prolly just me . 
  next match between them will be crazy , waiting for escalation . 
  do n't forget to seize the means of production first .
