  in witcher 2 when you 're in flotsam , you are approached by two people dressed in merchant clothing who ask you to test an unknown potion . 
  in witcher 3 , if you go to oxenfurt academy , in one of the book piles right outside the entrance you can find a piece of info about what that potion was and what was its purpose . 
  i was amazed and intrigued when i found out . 
  you ca n't have hoods in the game . 
  you can add them via user created mods but they do n't really fit and clipping problem is huge cuz you have swords on your back . 
  i wear viper set for velen/novigrad/hos quest lines , ursine for skellige , wolven for kaer morhen and manticore for b&w . 
  it 's normal . 
  after you stop the wild hunt , she comes around and agrees to succeed her father on nilfgaardian throne . 
  both witcher 1 and witcher 2 have pretty self contained stories , for witcher 3 it would be a good idea to read up on books . 
  witcher 3 has tons of book references and characters so the game will be a lot more enjoyable if you read the books first , not 100 % required tho . 
  you can always read the books after playing witcher 3 like i did . 
  [ here 's a nice recap of witcher 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncj2xtwyimo ) . 
  as an alchemy and crit light attack fan , i love manticore set . 
  b&w contains best gear in the game, 
  learn how to use amm , then you can make some amazing looking armour combinations . 
  this is what i [ made ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vypi4ew.png ) . 
  this is a custom armour that was made via amm . 
  with euphoria perk , you can mix up sign and alchemy builds for massive sign intensity , try it out . 
  you mean [ this ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/witcher/images/4/4a/la_valletes_coat_concept2.png/revision/latest?cb=20151105101606 ) ? 
  this sigil belongs to house of la valette . 
  one of the more influential houses of temeria . 
  it 's mostly from witcher 2 , the game starts with king foltest of temeria quelling la valette rebellion . 
  olgierd boss battle was something special . 
  that music , that backdrop of a burning manor , the badass conclusion and the reveal of olgierd 's immortality . 
  it was jaw-dropping . 
  also geralt 's first encounter with a bruxa in the cellar of corvo bianco . 
  it was amazing as well . 
  not really , you can simulate witcher 2 save and achieve pretty much the same result . 
  would still be worth restarting imo . 
  if you do n't care about letho that much then just keep going . 
  if you import or simulate witcher 2 save then yeah . 
  if you simulate the save , while you 're at vizima , general voorhis asks you a series of questions . 
  your answers will determine the outcome of a few witcher 2 characters . 
   devs of just cause 3 needed as many sales as possible to turn proffit , unlike cdpr, 
  witcher 2 nearly bankrupted cdpr , i 'm pretty sure they needed a lot of money with witcher 3 to make franchise more profitable . 
  if you like heavy armor , you gon na love grandmaster ursine set . 
  geralt 's custom knight tourney armor that you get from a quest might be another option . 
  ducal guard 's armor is also pretty good , you buy that from blacksmiths or collect the parts from random loot . 
  toussaint is full of heavy armor because knight motive is prevalent there . 
  why ca n't you just finish main storyline first then ? 
  b&w is meant to be played after main storyline and the end of b&w kinda wraps up the franchise . 
  witcher 1 is kinda shit . 
  it did n't age well and it was n't good in the first place . 
  watch summary of it on youtube and skip it . 
  witcher 2 is definitely worth playing , it 's an amazing game . 
  do `` the warble of a smitten knight '' quest to get a proper knight 's armor . 
  the outcome is completely different if you romance both lol you can look it up what happens . 
  bandit `` hey look , it 's a mutated killing machine , let 's kill him '' logic always puzzled me . 
  b&w has a cool hos reference but that 's about it . 
  also turn on enemy upscaling in your gameplay options , you 'll never be overleveled . 
  both witcher 1 and witcher 2 have self-contained stories . 
  witcher 3 is the one that follows the books with ciri storyline . 
  you should be fine when reading the books and playing w1 and w2 at the same time . 
  you can parry all of his attacks , you just need to time it right . 
  it is possible but if you 're very underleveled , you ca n't block or parry any of his attacks . 
  i was fucking around with debug console to spawn enemies so i could stack aerondight so i ended up being lvl73 on my ng + and i could even parry his red attacks . 
  i think it should still be possible to parry his regular attacks if you 're at least lvl63 . 
  with alchemy and light crit attack build almost any boss is easy , nothing can take 15k dmg light attacks . 
   letho , hired by someone to be revealed later , assassinated demavend, 
  correct . 
   letho met with iorveth , asking for squirrel 's help to assassinate foltest, 
  correct . 
  enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  letho needed help to get to foltest , iorveth had means and motive to help letho . 
   letho did assassinate foltest and escape through squirrel boats , thus geralt and crew going after them , arriving in flotsam, 
  correct . 
  roche has been hunting scoia ` tael for years and offered geralt a chance to clear his name , in turn geralt needed to capture foltest 's killer . 
   geralt met sile de tansarville , who was colluding with dethmold ? 
  apparently , according to the spying hookers , sile needed to kill the kayren for its parts for an antidote for something , and a place within the board under henselt ? 
  ( i 'm lost here now ), 
  the tricky part . 
  sile has her own motives . 
  she 's there on lodge 's orders . 
  she needed ingredients from kayran to make a potion that could supposedly cure king henselt 's impotence and earn his trust . 
   somewhere along there letho betrayed iorveth ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  ( help me here too ), 
  letho killed a number of iorveth 's guys ( one of them was the scoia ` tael captive on the barge ) , the ones who found out about his imminent betrayal . 
  letho was planning to use a confrontation between scoia ` tael and roche 's blue stripes as a smokescreen and run away . 
  at least that 's how i remember it . 
   now letho forced triss to teleport them to aedirn , but what was the reason to go to aedirn if the king 's dead ? 
  something about the real king ? 
  he teleported to aedirn ( vergen to be exact , a border city between aedirn and kaedwen ) because it was his rendezvous with his accomplices . 
  as you might now , everything started with the failed attempt on foltest 's life at the end of witcher 1 , assailant was also a witcher but he got killed by geralt so letho is not working alone . 
  wow loving the artwork . 
  especially blue stripes and ves . 
  he 's a true friend , like dandelion and zoltan . 
  new gwent game , beta starts in september i think . 
  first witcher game starts 5 years after the last book . 
  in witcher 1 , when you meet him for the first time , zoltan mentions that geralt disappeared 5 years ago . 
  yes but if you 're on pc , you can download ng + ready savefiles from witcher 3 nexus . 
  you ca n't even start b&w right off the bat , you get the quest after you finish novigrad plotline which is around 50 % of the game . 
  definitely yes , witcher 2 is a great game but it has its flaws , does n't have fast travel , mission log can be unclear at times and quest tracking system is a bit confusing . 
  it has amazing atmosphere , at times even better than witcher 3 . 
  about 15/20 % i think . 
  certain character goes a little more into detail about the battle of sodden hill fairly early into blood of elves . 
  first-hand experience , gruesome war stuff . 
  do n't look it up to avoid spoilers . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` the unseen elder is able to summon dettlaff against his will and no .
