  it 's still molten rock and metal so it would be like drop on a pavement . 
  if you survive the fall , the heat from lava would almost instantly burn off your skin and nerves leading to your death in seconds . 
  you would n't sink tho because lava 's density is much larger than an average density of human body . 
  it 's the mastercrafted ursine armor yeah, 
  reading baptism of fire right now . 
  had a nerdgasm when geralt meets zoltan for the first time . 
  it 's not too late , highly recommend the books . 
  one thing worth mentioning . 
  if you gon na use blade oil perks from alchemy tree ( you definitely should cuz they 're amazing ) , install and use [ the mod that auto applies correct oils for you ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/625/?tab=3&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fwitcher3%2fajax%2fmodimages%2f%3fuser%3d0%26id%3d625%26gid%3d952 ) . 
  saves you a lot of time . 
  high on witcher decoctions , that or some of those berserker shrooms . 
  feelsgoodman, 
  i think they just wanted to reduce his likeness to sauron ( big faceless guy in full plate ) so they gave him that faceplate so he could take it off whenever he spouts his threats . 
  alchemy build is your best bet for death march ng + but griffin set full sign build can still be good for dealing dmg , you might struggle when you reach hearts of stone but that 's about it . 
  once he 's down on the ground , you need to stun him with some form of cc . 
  setting him on fire with igni or staggering him with aard is your best bet since you still do n't have northern wind bomb ( grapeshot also works really nicely ) . 
  blast him with igni/aard then slash at him and roll away , repeat til you win . 
  it 's all about patience . 
  it depends on your difficulty but usually contract monsters kill you in a couple of hits , especially if they 're higher lvl than you . 
  if you see a red skull above the contract in your journal , do n't do it , you 'll get owned . 
  watched it yesterday . 
  it 's not as good as dotfp but miles better than x-men 3 and x-men origins wolverine . 
  it 's only loosely based on the source material and it 's predictable as hell . 
  that 's the worst part about it . 
  quicksilver stole the show again . 
  it was memorable to geralt as well , he mentioned that zeugl fight in witcher 3 like 5 times . 
  never trust a shady spirit , no matter what it offers . 
  always works for me . 
  maybe arrow will be good again ... 
  so this was like crisis on infinite earths type of deal but barry 's time remnant sacrificed his life instead of barry himself . 
  hmm do n't know how i feel about this , it was one of the most emotional comic book moments in dc history . 
  they need to set up a lot more characters to do flashpoint , it 's not just about flash . 
  i bet that legends of tomorrow team will be a stand-in for justice league or something like that . 
  i love stunlocking elementals til they die , they ca n't even break my whirl . 
  it 's just staying true to the comics , barry knew that he 's gon na fuck up everything if he changes the past but still did it . 
  everything is possible now since they 're doing flashpoint storyline . 
  flash can now reboot tv universe like he did with the comics . 
  they can tweak all storylines and backstories of characters . 
  it 's amazing how writers are setting everything up for the future . 
  grodd , black flash , reverse flash , e3 jay garrick , wally/jesse , dr. light can come back at any time now for s3 or even further down the line . 
  not to mention eddie 's body being sucked into wormhole , that was never mentioned or resolved . 
  simply brilliant !, 
  viper gear is from hearts of stone dlc , medium armour . 
  andals have nothing to do with white walkers . 
  the long night happened long before andals even set foot in westeros . 
  i think in the books walder will die a peaceful death or he 's gon na be poisoned by his oldest sons . 
  after that , house frey will tear itself to pieces when walder 's sons start battling for the right to become new lord of the crossing . 
  our favorite barber surgeon needs more love, 
  it 's really strong once you get pimped out griffin or wolven gear and max out your mutagens , takes a while to get going tho . 
  well , he was asking for it . 
  it 's not like he was innocent . 
  she loved him and he cheated on her . 
  fast attack/alchemy hybrid build is easier to set up and it 's one of the endgame builds . 
  try that one . 
  [ use this ] ( http://www.gosunoob.com/witcher-3/skill-calculator/ ) to play around with stats before specing into something so you would n't need to waste potions of clearance . 
  you need to let the main story to bring you to kaer morhen , then you can activate wolven gear quest . 
  you go to kaer morhen when you go through 75 % / 80 % of the main storyline . 
  now time to play hearts of stone and have a tangle with one of the best antagonists ever !, 
  yes , it 's the only way of getting it and it definitely sucks . 
  if you 're on pc , you can download command console enabler and just add it to your inventory . 
  good for you, 
  winston is broken fucking op imo , too much durability , utility , mobility and damage in one package . 
  we never saw kovir and poviss in the games . 
  apparently it 's a paradise for witchers when it comes to coin . 
  as soon as i read that she was cursed by vagrant who introduced himself as a merchant of mirrors , i knew instantly it 's o'dimm . 
  such an awesome villain . 
  if you choose to trick him at the end of hos and succeed , before disappearing , o'dimm starts speaking in elder speech . 
  he says that you 're primitive and naive , he can not be destroyed and he will be back . 
  that made me really uneasy . 
  if you read marlene 's diary in her house , you find out that she was cursed by a vagrant who introduced himself as a merchant of mirrors . 
  that 's 100 % o'dimm . 
  i liked her sassy attitude , thought she was a cool side character . 
  i always thought that witchers are sterile because their original creators wanted them to be like that . 
  in many ways witchers are superior to regular human beings so i thought that they were made sterile on purpose so they could n't reproduce and cause serious danger . 
  i do n't like that gorget gm wolven armor has , looks a bit too cumbersome for my liking . 
  i was heavily disappointed that viper armor got neglected . 
  it looks even worse when you dye it . 
  kikimores , those fuckers poison you faster than taco bell meals . 
  i just love strolling into a hansa hideout and wasting like 50 guys , geralt does n't give a fuck . 
  not only toxic but caustic as well , it basically turns your blood into acid . 
  vampires do n't need to bite you for this potion to be effective, 
  the white frost . 
  when you arrive at tir n\u00e1 lia for ge'els , you can find a status report before speaking to him . 
  it says that the white frost already started spreading through the world of aen elle and elven sages only managed to slow its progress , few major cities were already destroyed . 
  ng + for sure , for me it 's more fun cuz it 's more challenging . 
  100 % completion with no rushing or skipping and reading everything you come across for that full immersion . 
  if you have n't read the witcher books , you could do that , you gon na appreciate the game so much more once you 'll get all the references . 
  you did n't have to , avallac ' h provides you with all info you need . 
  he says that fear rules eredin 's actions , a fear of his home world 's destruction . 
  that 's his motive . 
  it 's easy to miss if you space out during dialogues tho . 
  agreed , imo he was a typical mustache-twirling badguy doing bad things because he 's a badguy . 
  his motives can be justified but his approach of achieving his goals is as clich\u00e9 as it can get . 
  at least cdpr redeemed themselves by introducing o'dimm who was one of the best villains i 've seen in video games for a while . 
  it is said that the white frost is inevitable . 
  ciri said that sooner or later it 's gon na reach their world as well . 
  i do n't know if you finished witcher 3 or not but if you did , you know that [ spoiler ] ( / s `` ciri stops the white frost using her elder blood powers . 
  she dies or survives depending on your decisions '' ) . 
  birna should 've been a spy card . 
  they could 've added arnvald as a spy card as well .
