  indeed you can free whispering hillock spirit before the crones send you there . 
  everything is exactly the same . 
  the spirit goes on a rampage , kills villagers of downwarren and runs away . 
  the only difference is that it does n't save the children , they still get eaten by the crones and anna goes nuts instead of being cursed . 
  the conclave of mages was one of the two main bodies of ruling the magicians . 
  most powerful mages sat on this council , establishing rules concerning magic . 
  there was a book event called `` the coup of the isle of thanedd '' , geralt was also involved in it . 
  after the coup the only surviving member is francesca findabair , incredibly powerful sorceress and the queen of elves . 
  the council of mages was an association of mages and sorceresses who were advising the rulers of northern kingdoms . 
  if i understood correctly almost all of them were neutral advisers . 
  during the coup of the isle of thanned , one of the members was revealed to be a nilfgaardian sympathizer so entire organization got compromised and disbanded . 
  lodge of sorceresses was a secret female only organization of magic users . 
  it was secretly formed after the coup of the isle of thanedd . 
  this organization was a successor of the council of mages . 
  through clever scheming and betrayal , they planned to create an independent country ruled by magic . 
  this is where letho and whole witcher 2 storyline comes in . 
  by the end of witcher 2 , members the lodge have been scattered and in hiding . 
  all the mistrust and hate for sorceresses originated from this event i believe . 
  you 're in for a treat my friend . 
  witcher 3 deserves all the praise it gets , both expansions are must-have for sure . 
  if you truly enjoy the franchise , i recommend reading the books after finishing witcher 3 and then playing witcher 3 ng + . 
  you gon na enjoy it even more because references to the books are everywhere in witcher 3 , some iconic book characters make an appearance as well . 
  highly doubt it, 
  weird , with your setup you should be able to play on ultra with hairworks disabled . 
  patch 1.23 is gon na be released this week . 
  they 're not done just yet . 
  tons of bugs and glitches to fix . 
  spy decks ( nr/nilfgaard ) dominate the game but it 's possible to win any game with any deck , provided you have good cards in it . 
  unlikely , must be a software problem like outdated drivers and such . 
  try using nvidia experience to optimize game settings . 
  it 's a skill from swordsmanship tree called rend . 
  he prolly had fully charged aerondight , if it 's fully charged , it has 100 % crit chance . 
  you need to combine strong attack branch with adrenaline branch from swordsmanship tree . 
  specialized crit gear like manticore set also helps you achieve this . 
  cdpr ceo said that `` it would n't be fair to fans '' if they stopped making witcher games . 
  eventually it 's gon na happen but not for a very long time . 
  they do carry over . 
  do n't bring her to emhyr and you 'll get one of the two other endings . 
  your decisions after the battle of kaer morhen decide the ending . 
  like others said , i 'm pretty sure it 's not gon na happen . 
  main game ending has no influence , some mentions of [ spoiler ] ( / s `` radovid being dead '' ) here and there but that 's it . 
  the last wish and sword of destiny are separate from witcher saga , the saga starts with blood of elves . 
  `` phantom of the trade route '' witcher contract is guaranteed to bag you at least 1 wyvern mutagen . 
  you need to be lvl23 tho , contract can be acquired in the small hilltop village far east of velen . 
  i ca n't remember other places where you could get the mutagen . 
  you should still read both the last wish and sword of destiny , in that order . 
  the last wish is the start of geralt 's adventures . 
  you gon na be hella confused when reading blood of elves if you skip those two . 
  set everything on ultra except foliage visibility , set that on high . 
  disable nvidia hairworks completely . 
  experiment with that , your resolution is really low , 960 should be able to handle it no problem . 
  try putting foliage on ultra as well then , that should reduce texture popping when you close the distance . 
  i do n't know how much fps you 'll get from that tho . 
  disable your vsync , it might sometimes cause it . 
  if it 's already off , i do n't know how you can solve this . 
  the main storyline will bring you there . 
  it 's impossible to reach it before that . 
  ignore it for now . 
  set fps to unlimited , your 960 should n't dip below 60fps . 
  that depends on your monitor . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/943/ ? ) . 
  patch 1.22 compatible . 
  for me , the last wish and sword of destiny were there to establish that `` ciri , the child surprise '' plotpoint because it 's one of the major things in the entire saga . 
  also some interesting background on main characters . 
  stuff like the origin of geralt 's nickname `` the butcher of blaviken '' , explanations about witchers etc. 
  time of contempt contains one amazing action-packed event that had a massive influence on witcher universe for years to come . 
  iirc character stats are not shown to be affected by runestones but they are . 
  i do n't know why , maybe a bug or a dev oversight . 
  * silver swords are incredibly brittle , they would chip and break on impact against steel or even iron and wood . 
  * steel . 
  witchers are genetically enhanced humans and not magical beings . 
  what 's interesting is that in the books , geralt rarely uses a silver sword , even when fighting monsters he uses a steel sword . 
  he does n't even carry a silver sword for majority of the witcher saga . 
  usually alghouls drop them , you can find a few scattered across velen . 
  there 's an abandoned village at the far east of velen called toderas . 
  iirc rotfiends and alghouls routinely spawn there . 
  so entire `` go search for philippa '' quest ca n't be triggered anymore ? 
  i do n't think that it has any significance . 
  i always thought that triss questline activates after menge 's death . 
  hmmm, 
  go for ng for your first playthrough and then ng + with alternate choices . 
  that 's the full experience imo . 
  not after thanedd , after he leaves brokilon , he uses a bunch of steel swords and does n't have a silver one . 
  i played witcher 2 on the release day , one of the most surreal video game experiences i 've ever had . 
  in ng + you 'll have to collect witcher gear all over again , ng + contains legendary witcher gear which has a lot better stats . 
  regular witcher gear in ng + will become useless really early on . 
  * witcher 2 and witcher 3 have completely different main storylines but some characters from second game do appear in third and there are a bunch of references to the events of the second game . 
  witcher 2 is a really good game and you should play it nonetheless . 
  * depends on your preference . 
  game performs decently well on both . 
  if you play a lot of ds , controls might feel somewhat clunky . 
  * not that i know of, 
  * the main storyline has 3 completely different endings depending on your decisions and a bunch of different endings for certain characters who geralt encounters on his adventures . 
  2 main romance options that you can choose from . 
  yes , visually they 're exactly the same but legendary witcher gear has far superior stats meant to battle harder ng + content . 
  legendary gear also has stages like regular gear . 
  for example : legendary ursine boots then legendary enhanced ursine boots then legendary superior ursine boots etc. 
  so yeah , you got ta progress like in regular playthrough . 
  it 's still one of the best looking games to date . 
  says a guy who got his head crushed between a table and a floor .
