  it 's been almost 5 years , learn to let go ... 
  i need healing !, 
  i need healing !, 
  i need healing !, 
  i need healing !, 
  i need healing !, 
  i need healing !, 
  me : `` shut up !, 
  i can heal only one person at a time !, 
  most witchers consider leaving the path at some point but they ca n't . 
  killing monsters is all they 've ever known , also discrimination is another big factor . 
  only a few go through with it . 
  ppl went to the cinemas expecting movie where liam neeson kicks ass for 2 hours . 
  they got what they came for and much more than that . 
  it 's a fantastic movie . 
  this evil plan might finally surpass the one when luthor stole forty cakes . 
  yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both nazism and communism , millions of innocent ppl ended up dead . 
  everyone always brings up holocaust when talking about nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about holodomor . 
  ukrainian famine perpetrated by ussr that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl . 
  if that 's not a mass genocide , i do n't know what is . 
  you ca n't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities . 
  i play every mission type , max every weapon in the game and multiforma everything just to update my build album that a few streamers use as a reference point . 
  it gave me a purpose to continue playing wf , even after more than 3 years . 
  if you fail the quest chain , the unbidden arrive earlier . 
  martian manhunter is by far the best character in super girl imo . 
  it 's really nice to have some form of him after he got shafted by new52 . 
  rebecca already said that it wo n't happen this year . 
  oliver is not a whole man without his laurel . 
  ca n't believe they killed off one of the greatest romances in comics ever . 
  i hope they find a way to bring her back . 
  nice volumetric lighting, 
  that 's probably my biggest gripe with the show . 
  barry is supposed to be smart , really smart but his team solves all of scientific problems for him . 
  yeah , he plays kara 's adoptive father in supergirl . 
  alexis is pure class . 
  i do n't think arsenal had such a player since henry left . 
  they would n't sell as well as a batman game too . 
  trust me , i want the flash game sooooo much but it wo n't happen because batman is the cash cow of dc . 
  that 's the problem with wb , they never take risks . 
  good old days when ppl were excited about upcoming games . 
  all i see now is anger , disappointment and ramblings about how the new game will destroy the franchise . 
  `` i 'll just invite my friend real quick ... aaaaaand i just ignored him ... '', 
  he really knows how to deal with these ppl . 
  ray is wearing a chain mail so medieval times ? 
  ppl are too preoccupied with hating him to notice how well he 's been playing this season . 
  unbidden arrived right in the middle of galactic conflict between 2 fallen empires in one of my games . 
  both fallen empires reacted by rushing their massive 100k fleets to the portal system and then just stopped reacting , did n't even destroy it . 
  after a massive scrap unbidden won and left the system and then i managed to sneak in using my psi jump drive equipped fleet and destroyed the portal . 
  unbidden are very very broken . 
  i bet he 's gon na pick up a fresh injury as soon as he comes back to arsenal . 
  tissue necrosis brings out that natural color in his skin, 
  still pissed ppl off , because ppl want new shiny stuff given to them as soon as they load the game . 
  `` they 're fools . 
  you should eat them '' still the best line in the trilogy, 
  ppl who never experienced cicero crisis think this quest is bad . 
  you never had a nightmare of you being crushed by a ton of sunlight threshcones . 
  now that is horrifying . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq994ufpx5q ), 
  del piero made his debut for juve in 1993 . 
  buffon 's first season at juve was in 2001 . 
  del piero had an 8 year head start . 
  hargreaves was made out of glass . 
  the creators of far cry 4 really liked this video did n't they ? 
  some ppl play for fun . 
  some ppl play for efficient farming . 
  ca n't blame both sides . 
  steve was streaming today . 
  he dropped a bunch of info about the game 's development and its current state . 
  he said that almost all employees are on vacation atm . 
  that 's why helmlith charger stuff was unfinished . 
  they ran out of time then made a questionable decision and shipped it with nidus update . 
  it 's all going to be addressed once the devs return from their vacation , just a little more patience . 
  i 'm so glad that i managed to get all arcane sets i wanted , not doing these godforsaken raids ever again . 
  yeah , i definitely see him returning to ajax at some point, 
  i got [ this ] ( https://gyazo.com/1afc3cbeb5bf827bd9671ba55427adaa ) bad boy for exact same purpose . 
  faven , you never disappoint . 
  ca n't wait for this to be accepted . 
  they really ca n't . 
  she 's too big of a character to be killed off screen . 
  they 'll need to use cgi and practical effects to give her a proper send off . 
  me has the best main storyline and it 's the most rpg-like out of trilogy . 
  me2 is the best of the franchise when it comes to world building and amazing characters but was reduced to action 3rd person shooter with rpg elements . 
  it took 600 years for all 3 arks and nexus to reach andromeda . 
  in me universe they use quantum entanglement communicators which can send information at ftl speeds . 
  it 's safe to assume that andromeda initiative had some sort of contact with milky way while traveling , we do n't know how fast those ships were moving . 
  got damn , that 's prolly the most brutal ass whooping i 've ever seen . 
  that 's really nice of you , thanks !, 
  some ppl here always look for an excuse to complain and call out de no matter what . 
  it 's like constructive criticism does n't exist anymore . 
  this is not the place to blindly complain without starting any kind of meaningful discussion . 
  person from yesterday 's thread lied so much he could put pinocchio to shame . 
  ppl like that give wf subreddit a bad name . 
  [ together for the last time ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ay2aq4d.png ), 
  mace is too precious . 
  i really hope he survives this season even though all signs point to his death . 
  my question is why ppl give a fuck about hema ? 
  it 's an ok weapon but not really worth getting over other way stronger rifles we have in the game . 
  if you and your clan does n't have enough mutagen mass to begin the research right off the bat or in the near future , why should you care ? 
  only ppl who would care are the completionists who seek to get everything asap . 
  what baffles me is that some ppl who complain , barely play wf for 5 hours per week .
