  regis ( other cool vampire dude as you call him ) was very against the idea of meeting unseen elder because he 's super powerful and aggressive . 
  instead regis wants you to bring syanna to dettlaff and try to talk it out . 
  these are the two choices at the end of the main story quest of b&w . '' ), 
  no it 's not possible . 
  it 's simple , geralt is not a bad person . 
  this is not fallout or skyrim where you create your own character , you basically roleplay as geralt . 
  he can be selfish or indifferent sometimes but him being evil would go against years of canon lore . 
  no , far from it . 
  peter kenny is really awesome indeed . 
  i love his style of reading , especially very emotional bits . 
  really hits you hard . 
  swordsmanship and alchemy hybrid build with cat or manticore set is indeed the strongest build but there are other options . 
  pure magic build with griffin set , magic and alchemy/swodsmanship hybrid build with wolven set , strong attack and quen sign build with ursine set . 
  it all depends on your playstyle . 
  fleet footed perk and quen are your friends . 
  dodging and rolling is a key strat . 
  every enemy has an attack pattern you can easily notice . 
  wait for an opportunity to strike and chip away at enemies , never rush in with a flurry of attacks or you gon na be instakilled . 
  kovir is the one region everybody keeps talking about and we never get to see it . 
  apparently life is amazing there . 
  since kovir values neutrality , it was completely untouched by war atrocities . 
  euphoria is beyond op , especially on swordsmanship/alchemy hybrid build . 
  manticore is my favorite , strong witcher 1 nostalgia here . 
  i think it 's the best looking one as well if you prefer light/medium armour . 
  [ here 's the mod ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1841/?tab=1&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fwitcher3%2fajax%2fmoddescription%2f%3fid%3d1841%26preview%3d&amp;pup=1 ) if you 're interested . 
  that steel sword texture is fantastic . 
  great job . 
  i wish it could apply to more swords in the game , not just wolven set . 
  yeah i recognize aerondight pommel . 
  geralt is a witcher , he 's supposed to be faster and stronger than a regular human . 
  i 'm lvl85 and i just finished main game to 100 % completion , about to start both dlcs . 
  it was self defense , witch hunters wanted to kill him once geralt refused to share his findings with them . 
  this game has huge variety of references , from pulp fiction to leeroy jenkins . 
  i love it . 
  pulp fiction reference is at crow 's perch , baron 's house when you descend into the basement , it 's a conversation between 2 guardsmen . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://cdn.stevivor.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/leeroy.jpg ) the leeroy reference . 
  there 's no ng + +, 
  kaer morhen is the place where witchers spend their winters to wait out the snow storms . 
  they do n't actively live there except vesemir cuz he 's not actively looking for contracts anymore . 
  vesemir , geralt , lambert , co\u00ebn ( book only witcher ) and eskel lives there . 
  after vesemir dies at the battle , everyone leaves . 
  tho you can convince eskel to stay , then he takes over for vesemir . 
  do n't forget belhaven blade , it 's a bit weaker than toussaint steel sword but it has 100 % crit bonus . 
  so what are you getting now ? 
  you do n't have the quest in your log ? 
  you mean she 's not on hindarsfjall ? 
  most genjis are bad . 
  letho is an optional character , i would n't be surprised if most ppl did n't even have him in witcher 3 . 
  i thought hunter instinct is still bugged and does n't work . 
  is it fixed now ? 
  also euphoria is way better than toxic blood . 
  tho some bears called berserkers take dmg only from silver . 
  op check the enemy hp bar , if it 's red , use steel sword . 
  if it 's white , use silver sword . 
  steel for humans , silver for monsters . 
  remember that . 
  playing against monster deck without biting frost , scorch or 3 jackdaws is a real struggle . 
  if you keep at it , eventually you 'll collect enough good cards . 
  only then gwent can be interesting sadly . 
  that does n't matter , there are 2 dialogue paths ( `` i love you '' or `` let 's try again '' ) depending if you kissed her before or not , both lead to romance . 
  legendary witcher gear is a ng + feature and not expansion feature . 
  i second this . 
  euphoria mutation made alchemy builds broken op so manticore set is arguably the strongest in the game , also it has amazing bonuses . 
  wolven set is fairly well balanced between all 3 , alchemy , magic and swordsmanship but i would n't recommend mixing all 3 of them together . 
  your build will be a lot stronger if you spec into 2 trees . 
  swordsmanship + alchemy with euphoria mutation being the strongest option in the game . 
  you need to read the books to find out about atrocities committed by nilfgaard . 
  also they 're aggressors , witcher 3 takes place during third nilfgaardian/northerm realm war , nilfgaard was the aggressor in all 3 , attacking north unprovoked . 
  it 's the only sword in the game that scales up to lvl100 so yeah , it 's definitely worth investing into . 
  800 % + with euphoria mutation and all 4 blue mutagens , you can find videos on youtube on how to achieve such number . 
  the golden dragon 's real name is villentretenmerth but when he was posing as a human , his name was borch three jackdaws . 
  he 's a book character from sword of destiny . 
  velen questline -  novigrad questline -  hos -  skellige -  finishing off main storyline -  b&w . i used this order in my ng + playthrough . 
  seems the most logical for me . 
  also one of the paths in hos has something interesting if you do hos before finishing main storyline . 
  b&w is clearly the end of geralt 's adventure , you 'll get the most enjoyment out of it if you play it after finishing everything else . 
  i explored all toussaint to 100 % completion , i can confirm that abigail is nowhere to be seen unless i missed something . 
  he 's not , he arrived at velen and imposed his rule on peasants because he had means to do it and local folk could n't do anything about it . 
  after the battle at kaer morhen , geralt can either have a snowball fight to cheer ciri up ( which makes her happy ) or he can have a drink with her ( which makes her unhappy ) . 
  before going to velen , geralt can take ciri to her father . 
  in novigrad , the lodge of sorceresses invites ciri to have a talk . 
  geralt can talk on her behalf ( which makes ciri unhappy ) or he can encourage her to talk to the sorceresses alone ( which makes her happy ) . 
  in skellige , ciri wants to visit avallac ` h 's hideout , geralt can let ciri vent her anger and wreck the place ( which makes her happy ) or he can stop her from doing that ( which makes her unhappy ) . 
  shortly after that , ciri wants to visit skjaal 's grave . 
  if geralt goes with her , it will make her happy . 
  if you do n't let her go , she 'll be very angry with you . 
  if majority of your decisions made her happy and if you did n't let ciri visit her father , she will become a witcher . 
  if you let ciri visit her father , she will become an empress . 
  if majority of your decisions made her unhappy . 
  she is presumed dead , for real . 
  yes , that 's a witcher ending, 
  even if they have a crack , they wo n't release shit . 
  they 're just trolling ppl at this point . 
  games are not book adaptations . 
  witcher 1 chronologically takes place 5 years after the last book `` lady of the lake '' . 
  depends on your sign intensity and armour set you 're wearing . 
  if you really want your signs to be powerful , you need to wear sign intensity increasing stuff like griffin armour set for example which is the best armour for that . 
  basically 2nd fresh playthrough from the begging but you get to keep the stuff and lvls you get in your original playthrough . 
   also , i do n't know if it 's going to be revealed or they mentioned it , but it 's said that dandelion made a deal with whoreson , i do n't know if i missed the dialogue but i do n't know what that deal was . 
  i know that they wanted to steal treasure from sigi , that 's all .
