  `` omega '' has some amazing action and you can hang around with aria , i think she 's awesome . 
  `` leviathan '' gives you more lore insight and reveals [ origins of the reapers ] ( / spoiler `` leviathandlc '' ) . 
  `` citadel '' is just a pure joy to play through . 
  can spend some time with all of your friends individually . 
  so many memorable moments and nostalgia factor . 
  default male shep 's face is modeled after [ mark vanderloo ] ( http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/scale_small/8/80647/1813851-1813848_89u8afd6xm1j8ufj_super.jpg ) , a dutch model . 
  female shep 's face was made from scratch by bioware , hence the lack of detail and uniqueness . 
  she just looks like a random npc . 
  this show needs an idealist who 's willing to do the right thing no matter what . 
  this incorruptable force of good . 
  he works so well with coulson 's grey outlook . 
  patriot is a small screen cap . 
  i want them to keep it that way . 
  quarians started this conflict out of fear and ignorance . 
  even after quarians went full genocidal on them , the geth were still trying to resolve this conflict peacefully . 
  after seeing that there 's no other option , they retaliated but instead of wiping quarians out completely , the geth let them go . 
  then quarians made themselves into poor victims which they are n't . 
  quarians are the aggressors in this war . 
  there can be no sympathy for aggressors . 
  they were killing peaceful sentient beings as preemptive measure against `` inevitable revolt '' , by doing that they provoked retaliation and revolt they tried to avoid in the first place . 
  the geth showed no signs of aggression prior . 
  quarian minority that tried to stop the violence got killed off too . 
  your vacuum does n't beg for forgiveness when you start destroying other vacuums . 
  the geth tried to protect the creators , at their own expense . 
  they stopped being just machines when they showed compassion towards the quarians who defended them . 
  by the time the geth retaliated , peaceful solution was not an option because quarians did n't want to negotiate and accept coexistence . 
  quarians had plenty of chances to stop the genocide before it escalated into full blown war . 
  quarians ran instead of surrendering , the fact that geth did n't chase them to finish the job means that they were n't seeking extermination . 
  starting the war was stupid and ignorant , koris came to that conclusion and later tali did too . 
  you do n't know what a term `` sentient ai '' means and you constantly mix geth majority with geth heretics who shepard was fighting . 
  this argument is over . 
  so what ? 
  bayern buys best players from their rivals for decades now . 
  you do n't wan na scrap broken-war , it 's very very good . 
  easily , you lose out on some range since it 's a longsword and not a heavy blade like war but it has speed to compensate . 
  also broken-war is predominantly slash dmg melee . 
  slash dmg is best scaling dmg type in the game . 
  feel free to browse trough my [ melee album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ze14g ) . 
  got builds on most melee weapons with a brief description . 
  kogake should be a prime candidate . 
  iirc it 's a tenno sparring melee . 
  clu titania , i like !, 
  if you think this is bad , then you know nothing about green arrow as the character . 
  this is a lot closer to oliver we have in the comics and i loved it . 
  delving deep into political stuff . 
  i love how ppl who complain about this episode , have no idea that in the comics oliver is all about politics . 
  he always tackled problems like drug addiction and gun control . 
  that 's how he should be , it 's one of the main differences that separate him and batman . 
  it 's not some bullshit made up by guggenheim , green arrow as a character has been like this since 70s . 
  do n't think anyone will reference shepard like that . 
  it will be in past tense , 600 year gap after all . 
   geralt has to team up with iorveth , and roche , ves , and thaler for very complicated reasons to try and get this cure . 
  holy shit that sounds amazing . 
  man i 'm so sad that we 'll never get to see this : /, 
  they cut out an entire nilfgaardian subplot from the game , it involved iorveth , thaler , roche and a bunch of other characters . 
  no fantasy rpg will ever surpass witcher 3 for me . 
  this game is just magical . 
  hating on triple a games is the meta right now apparently , you can sometimes see it in r/gaming too . 
  shady publisher practices , rushed games and a lack of innovation just add to the problem . 
  only a handful big titles managed to rise above it all . 
  there 's also a lot of prejudice when it comes to mass effect because some ppl never managed to get over the ending fiasco so as soon as andromeda got announced , they started hating on it . 
  it 's a lot easier to complain on the internet because you do n't need to explain yourself . 
  only a small minority of ppl who complain , actually want andromeda to be successful . 
  most want to discredit and diminish the game because they hate bioware and ea for what they did to me3 . 
  hard time letting it go . 
  you can bet that if me3 was a massive success story-wise , almost nobody would care about facial animations in andromeda . 
  from what i understood , xavier suffered a seizure and killed x-men and all residents of the school with his telepathic powers , logan was the only survivor because of his healing factor . 
  voiced by natalie dormer herself ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  now that is mass effect i know and love !, 
  that intro , narrated by clancy brown gave me chills . 
  17 more days !, 
  there 's a certain datapad in citadel dlc , that one made me tear up like crazy . 
  so good to hear her voice , even in log form ] ( / spoiler ), 
  launch trailers are almost always filled with spoilers tho . 
  me2 launch trailer had lots of shots from suicide mission . 
  current senior writer john dombrow was responsible for majority of best missions in me3 . 
  sur ` kesh , tuchanka and thessia main story missions and was heavily involved with all dlcs . 
  i 'm hoping for a good quality story in andromeda . 
  grunt one is in-game screenshot , read the bloody description of deviantart post . 
  `` in-game screen capture of urdnot grunt from bioware 's mass effect 2 '' . 
  being critical is perfectly fine , we fans want this game to succeed and providing feedback is good and all . 
  you 're entitled to your own opinion as long as you elaborate on why you dislike certain aspects . 
  nitpicking to death and pointing out the same flaws over and over and over again while being a dick about it wo n't do any good . 
  every game in existence can be picked apart . 
  even industry 's best like witcher 3 or the last of us . 
  there are extremes to both sides . 
  massive fanboys downvoting everything that resembles a negative comment and there are haters who despise bioware and want andromeda to be a complete failure at any cost . 
  if you say something positive or express enthusiasm , they call you `` blind fanboy '' or `` brainless retard '' . 
  i 'm assuming that your companions will have a specific pool of weapons to draw from automatically . 
  they wo n't be using the same weapon for an entire game . 
  that would be silly . 
  i wonder if fx6300 and gtx950 will be able to run it . 
  got no idea where my old pc stands in the current gen gaming landscape . 
  interesting info , i wonder if quarians managed to leave before the reapers arrived . 
  not that it 's a bad thing :p, 
  this guy spew bile about witcher 3 just to be a special snowflake . 
  i 'll wait for a credible game reviewer to voice his opinion instead . 
  posts like `` this game sucks , i hate this , i hate that , bioware can fuck off '' should n't exist either . 
  it 's like ppl do n't know what constructive criticism means . 
  do n't be dicks .
