  she still serves her purpose in team flash . 
  she 's mainly barry 's doctor . 
  baro brought only fanged fusillade and only once before . 
  khuon always posts what console trader brings . 
  i do n't know whay are you talking about . 
  it 's not exactly a bubble , it 's more like a ripple that expands outwards from your cast location . 
  duration determines how long it expands , 5meters per second . 
  i only played pvp to get those awesome skins . 
  believe it or not , it can be fun sometimes if the host is n't playing on a toaster somewhere in the depths of siberia . 
  [ scroll down to see rewards ] ( http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/conclave ) . 
  cosplaying tron is cool , just sayin ', 
  chances are slim but the show is not dead yet , i think it still can be revived and succeed . 
  this is indeed excalibur prime alabaster skin , a relic of the past, 
  squidward looks like he 's been decomposing for a while . 
  danny sluggling through the red waste and vaes tolloro stuff is very interesting , once she gets to quarth it gets a bit boring but quaithe visions and the house of undying part intrigued me . 
  it 's been 5 years since the last book and the wait is killing me !, 
  i need to know what happens next , either in show form or in book form . 
  olyvar frey is prolly the only frey who deserves respect . 
  stayed loyal to robb 's cause even after robb broke the betrothal promises . 
  he would 've continued to squire for robb but his kin literally dragged him back to the twins . 
  he was deemed as untrustworthy by other freys and was sent away just before the red wedding , that says a lot . 
  he was an excellent battle commander and a really good fighter but a very bad king . 
  not very bright and prone to whoring and drinking . 
  during his entire reign as a king it was his small council that was ruling the kingdom . 
  when aegon the conqueror forged the iron throne with the help of his dragon , he said that no king should sit it easily so it was deliberately made as uncomfortable as possible . 
  by that he meant that the king should actively rule his kingdom . 
  `` i was never so alive when i was winning this throne , or so dead now that i 've won it '' . 
  this robert 's quote perfectly describes his reign . 
  after he won the rebellion , he just kinda gave up . 
  the general consensus is that if the king is inept at ruling , he should n't be a king . 
  biggest example of that was when ppl were calling tywin the real king during the mad king 's reign . 
  aerys was too cruel and jelly , robert was too stupid . 
  i do n't even count joffrey and tommen as kings , they were just tywin 's pawns ( tommen will most likely become tyrell pawn ) . 
  it was clearly said that robert was barely attending small council meetings . 
  he left everything to jon arryn . 
  he was only a king in name and spent 15 years hunting , drinking and whoring . 
  ned was appalled at the situation when he took over as the king 's hand . 
  during this time the crown went nearly bankrupt because he refused to `` count coppers '' , he let rats like pycelle and varys stay in the small council . 
  he was deaf to jon 's and ned 's council and continued to not give a fuck . 
  we kinda do know how ned was before toj , at least from catelyn 's perspective . 
  even back then he was stern and solemn but behind that cold facade , a kind-hearted and loving man . 
  he got the name `` the shy wolf '' not because he was a jolly fellow . 
  he was a complete opposite of brandon . 
  arrow tv series is like a train wreck , it 's awful but you just ca n't look away . 
  at first it 's funny when he goes ham on hodoring , then it gets so annoying that i can barely stand some of bran 's chapters from asos and adwd . 
  also hoster tully 's dying wails , oh lord ... 
  mine is one of dolorous edd 's classics , when he 's making fun out of steward chett : `` the axe that split your skull . 
  is it true that half your wits leaked out on the ground and your dogs ate them ? '', 
  pycelle had a massive mancrush on tywin , like he said he was always tywin 's man . 
  i really doubt that he was in some kind of maester conspiracy . 
  he was just on the lannister side cuz he wanted tywin to take the iron throne . 
  i think being a spy for lannisters was his priority instead of serving the king . 
  in the end it was tywin 's decision to betray aerys . 
  tywin waited for the outcome of battle of the trident . 
  pycelle barely influenced tywin if at all . 
  pycelle just made sure that tywin took the city with minimal casualities . 
  an exciting casting choice , another great actor . 
  * the old gods are the gods of the north , almost all northmen worship them . 
  they are represented by the white weirwood trees that have faces carved into them . 
  first men ( the first men who set foot on westeros ) took the old gods as their own from the children of the forest , mythical beings who lived on westeros long before men . 
  * faith of the seven is the religion of the andals . 
  more advanced invaders from essos who pushed the first men out of the southern parts of westeros below the neck . 
  faith of the seven is represented by 7 aspects of one god . 
  the father , the maiden , the mother , the crone , the smith , the warrior and the stranger ( death aspect ) . 
  * the religion of r'hloor ( the lord of light ) most likely originated from the far east of essos ( asshai ) . 
  this religion has 2 gods . 
  the lord of light and the great other , they both are at eternal war with each other . 
  priests of this religion burn ppl alive as sacrifices . 
  * many-faced god is being worshipped by the faceless men . 
  it 's basically the aspect of death in all religions . 
  i think that tywin definitely knew but was in denial . 
  varys will be 360 no-scoping ppl with a crossbow, 
  in the show , howland reed was only mentioned once by his children jojen and meera when they met up with bran . 
  you should know that howland was one of ned 's best friends and most trusted bannermen . 
  jojen said that howland shed a tear when he found out that ned was killed . 
  raid on tower of joy is super spoilery event but since you tagged this thread for all spoilers , i 'll give you a summary . 
  [ agot ] ( #b `` as you know , robert 's rebellion started when prince rhaegar targaryen kidnapped ned 's sister lyanna stark who was at the time betrothed to robert baratheon . 
  they hid in the place rhaegar named the tower of joy , far south in the mountains of dorne . 
  fast forward a bit , targaryen loyalists had lost the war and rhaegar got killed by robert in the battle of trident . 
  ned and his 6 most trusted companions ( howland reed was one of them ) traveled to dorne to retrieve his sister . 
  at the tower of joy , ned and his companions needed to get through 3 ultra badass kingsguard members who were protecting lyanna on rhaegar 's orders . 
  an epic 3v7 swordfight ensued and only 2 ppl survived it . '' ), 
  it 's been annnounced months ago, 
  something as long as a sword is a no-go , it would be far too heavy and you 'd have almost 0 articulation . 
  something like a parrying dagger could work very well tho . 
  the biggest problem is that articulation of elbow joint is really limited compared to wrist joint . 
  even if you manage to strap down that sword to jaime 's hand and it holds , he 'd have a super hard time parrying thrusts and sweeping cuts , he could n't strike his opponent fast enough . 
  also he could only thrust and do downward cuts with his sword which is very predictable . 
  have no worries , the slayer will be fine this season , although his confrontation with randyl will be super intense . 
  you know what 's more depressing ? 
  when you ca n't farm neurodes because you ca n't log into the game xd, 
  i come back after 2 weeks of absence all hyped up to jump into new content and i smash face-first into a brick wall . 
  that 's my overall wf experience this weekend . 
  with a proper setup and enough turrets you can make this work . 
  just by themselves they 're pretty bad . 
  i despise danny , i think that she 's useless if not her dragons . 
  still does more dmg than a kraken 10/10, 
  99 % bless or a bust for me except for draco . 
  if ppl still do n't have energy overflow or do n't use/have energy plates and complain that they 're out of energy , they can piss off . 
  laurel is fine this season , felicity needs to die tho .
