  but i think they just did n't wan na follow the same formula marvel established , instead they ended up stumbling right at the start while trying to catch up . 
  it 's easy to blame snyder for all this but i think wb should take responsibility for giving him too much creative freedom after mixed reception of `` man of steel '' . 
  that being said i really enjoyed wonder woman so i still think they can salvage this . 
  if jl fails , flashpoint is the most logical aftermath i think . 
  intriguing trade . 
  i loved what humphries did with green lanterns . 
  nightwing should be in good hands . 
  her eyes were violet even before she was blinded during the battle of sodden hill . 
  it was never specifically stated in the books by they 're violet . 
  i think it 's because she wanted them to be violet , her appearance is magically enhanced like all sorceresses . 
  that or maybe it 's her elvish gene . 
  i do n't think so , aquaman is kinda fucked atm . 
  well , in the latest aquaman story arc [ spoiler ] ( #spoilers `` he 's no longer the king of atlantis , he got deposed . '' ), 
  atlanteans are shortsighted and spiteful . 
  mera tried to convince arthur to leave them behind and forget atlantis altogether when the coup happened . 
  arthur refused , sad moment . 
  hell yeah , someone needs to redeem jl , current run is ass . 
  both artwork and story-wise . 
  in witcher 3 , the game pushes you to side with nilfgaard by presenting the only other alternative in radovid , the raving lunatic who executes innocents for their beliefs or occupations . 
  in the game we always follow geralt or ciri . 
  it so happens that we see more about radovid and the witch hunters and their actions in novigrad than we see about nilfgaard . 
  that does n't mean that they are the good guys now . 
  it just means that geralt is no personal witness of any of their vile actions . 
  in the books however , nilfgaard 's atrocities are in full view , like their frontline troops going from village to village , slaughtering civilians in huge groups to incite terror and panic in the north so the refugees would clog the roads . 
  this map ca n't be right , in the books it was explicitly said that isle of thanedd is located in temeria . 
  the map you linked has blaviken in poviss but it should be in redania . 
  i want to get into rebirth batman beyond . 
  do i need to read something important prior to that ? 
  we do n't know that much about other witcher schools . 
  i believe the only other school besides wolf that is considered canon is cat because ciri picked up a cat medallion during events of the books . 
  she still wears it on her waist in witcher 3 . 
  [ yes we do ] ( http://operationrainfall.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/the-witcher3-ciri-and-npc.jpg ) . 
  on her waist . 
  later on in the game she wears both and they look different when you compare . 
  it 's his gwent card hand , obviously . 
  loving every comic rebirth is throwing at me with the exception of jl ( absolute stinker under hitch ) but with priest taking over in december that might change . 
  aquaman , flash , green arrow and batman runs are the highlights for me . 
  it 's a part of character design . 
  in witcher 3 , geralt is actually missing some scars from the books , like the striga scratch on his neck . 
  apparently it was so bad he could see a hole in his neck . 
  [ some modders added it ] ( http://i.playground.ru/i/35/12/31/00/file/content/49nz7rdo.png ) . 
  they had to rush like mad to meet the deadline on base game . 
  i think they just had more time to refine their game when they were working on expansions . 
  they were listening to player feedback as well . 
  finish main storyline then play hos and finish off with b&w . whatever you do , b&w must be last , it 's supposed to be an end of geralt 's adventure . 
  everybody agrees that kevin conroy is the definitive batman but superman is rarely talked about . 
  just yesterday me and my buddy talked about best superman voice actors . 
  he said that tim daly ( superman : tas ) is the best , i thought george newbern ( jl/jlu/injustice ) is the best . 
  both yen and geralt are 100 or close to it , yen is a bit older than geralt if i recall correctly . 
  triss is in her 50s . 
  geralt kinda inadvertently broke up their friendship before the events of the games . 
  man , i remember ted kord 's funeral from booster gold 's perspective . 
  was so hard to get through those few pages . 
  jl ultimately failed the guy , he died a very sad death indeed . 
  he draws the most gorgeous mera i 've ever seen . 
  most of his stuff is amazing . 
  is this a satire article or something ? 
  both sides have been ripping from each other for decades . 
  marvel ripped off a huge list of characters from dc back in the day and verybody knows it , why is this a talking point all of a sudden ? 
  i hated batman for years after he refused to help ted and sent him to his death . 
  [ you 're welcome ] ( https://i.imgur.com/uq1kirj.jpg ) . 
  [ hell yeah ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/marvel_dc/images/f/f6/kite-man_pe_01.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160909043905 ) . 
  probably ppl who watched jl or jlu cartoon would only recognize her . 
  i do n't want it to stick around for too long . 
  tapping into negative speed force negatively affects barry 's demeanor and it 's destructive . 
  goes against barry 's personality and his moral code of minimal collateral damage . 
  just finished batman 's new52 run in preparation for metal . 
  man , alfred took a beating in this run . 
  amazo is a big trouble but i do n't think they 'll make him as powerful as jl cartoon version . 
  plastic man and his son are on the newest injustice 2 story arc , i have n't seen elongated man anywhere . 
  that 's about it i think . 
  gameplay of the 1st game did n't age well , at all . 
  i replayed 2nd and 3rd games 4 times each but i just ca n't get back to 1st one . 
  only thing that was driving me forward to finish it was the story . 
  mark strong as sinestro is easily the best part of the movie . 
  that was perfect casting imo , his acting was on point as well . 
  other than that it was so bland , it makes first 2 thor movies look great in comparison . 
  also they completely botched paralax . 
  dr. manhattan is a safe pick . 
  we do n't know how powerful is current iteration is yet but if he 's manipulating entire dc universe with any higher being 's interference , he must be close in power to the presence itself . 
  otherwise the spectre would come knocking at his door as ask him to stop fucking with ppl 's lives . 
  i liked young justice version of illiminati ( the light ) . 
  a partnership between lex luthor , vandal savage , ra 's al ghul , black manta , queen bee and klarion is pretty damn cool . 
  i 'm still angry about the fact that cyborg took martian manhunter 's place as a founding member of jl just for the sake of racial diversity . 
  there 's literally no other reason . 
  not only that but they also removed his history with the teen titans and pretty much destroyed 30 + years of his character progression . 
  cyborg was a core member of the teen titans and he should 've stayed that way . 
  i think they could 've pushed cyborg for some solo issues once he `` graduated '' from teen titans . 
  his long history with other heroes could 've been a solid foundation , kinda like nightwing but less popular ofc . 
  but it 's just a speculation , they 're pushing him as jl founder ever since new52 launched and it 's gon na stay that way . 
  i 'm still hoping that he 's going to regain his pre flashpoint memories at some point . 
  let 's discuss the long endurance runs like [ this t4survival me and some of my clanmates did last week ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kswqu56.jpg ) . 
  exclude tunnel camping . 
  share your builds and setups . 
  vanguard elite is small international shadow clan of active medium to high rank players . 
  we are looking for a long term investment ( only recruiting players who wo n't drop the game after few weeks ) . 
  we have a massive dojo with all research finished, 
  we do endurance runs ( 2h + endless missions ) , resource farms and prime part farms almost every day . 
  if you want help with something , we 're willing to lend a hand anytime . 
  we are the official clan of twitch livestreamer dimitriv2 .
