   i am on u17 xbox one, 
  what ? 
  i 'm sure it will be replaced by an equally dreadful drop xd [ de ] sheldon is not kind to us ... 
  imo tonbo is the best polearm in the game . 
  ^ i ^ can ^ feel ^ the ^ hate ^ of ^ orthos ^ prime ^ fanboys ^ ;( it 's a really nice weapon . 
  since you like dual ichor , similar crit dual swords like prisma cleavers or dual raza might interest you . 
  heavy weapons are making a comeback cuz coptering is gone . 
  try out jat kittag , scindo prime or galatine , all 3 do sick dmg . 
  dragon nikana is still one of the best melee weapons in the game , if that 's too mainstream for you , you can try atterax whip with the crit build . 
  prisma skana or dakra prime are both super good if you can get your hands on them . 
  esc  communication  clan  clan statistics ( at the bottom right corner ), 
  i thought that aksomati and twin wraith vipers are ammo inefficient , then this weapon came out and put those two to shame . 
  maximum dakka came with a big drawback xd took my 4 forma twin grakatas for 40 wave t4def . 
  ended up using 96 large ammo restores and i was using anemic agility as well . 
  it 's parkour 2.0 update . 
  a complete movement revamp that came out on pc few weeks ago . 
  it will soon be on consoles as well . 
  high mr indicates more experience and longer playing time , not skill . 
  mr20 guy would know way more about the game than mr4 guy . 
  it 's not reliable by any means but it works most of the time . 
  only a handful of ppl actually care about raids . 
  trial of retribution had a good concept and shitty execution . 
  at this point higher mr ppl who gathered more plat just buy arcane enhancements they want instead of doing raids . 
  you ca n't judge high mr players by random occurrences when you meet a clueless guy . 
  point still stands , higher mr guys have more experience with the game and are more versatile cuz they can play wider variety of frames and they have a higher chance of having multiforma weapons and max mods . 
  oberon credit cache !, 
  as far as i 'm concerned , it 's only good on amprex . 
  barely , you have 4,3 % chance to do a red crit . 
  not worth it imo , i 'd rather use something like primed fast hands . 
  confirmed edgelord here , i use black/grey from smoke pack and brightest red from halloween pack, 
  if you wan na be an ultimate hipster , use grinlok with syndicate mod and mod it for crit and status . 
  it 's pretty strong and fun to use . 
  sounds like something littlefinger would do . 
  on release it capped out at 60k that 's true but not anymore . 
  it has no cap . 
  equinox maim in combination with banshee 's sonar . 
  enemies marked by sonar take additional dmg when they walk into maim dmg field . 
  rules of nature !!, 
  in the books it said that it 's a high chance that you will get rid of greyscale when you amputate afflicted limb but it 's not 100 % guaranteed . 
  dat mgs reference tho , glorious !, 
  well , the hound and dondarrion did use shields in their fight but that 's all . 
  in the books almost all fights invoved shields . 
  sounded more like amanda waller than anyone else tbh, 
  for some reason ppl do n't seem to understand that it 's based on rng . 
  you have 25 % chance of getting core bundle on rotation a extractors . 
  it 's either a credit cache , power throw , steady hands or a core bundle . 
  it was always like this since the implementation of 5 r5 core bundles into starmap ... 
  even if you used all possible status chance mods on your braton prime , you 'd get 95 % status , it 's impossible to reach 100 % on braton prime . 
  and braton prime has n't been changed since the buff from last year . 
  community is not a one person . 
  it sounds exactly like lanka as well . 
  ppl instantly assume that vaykor hek is inferior to original just because it ca n't use syndicate aug. . high crit chance and x2 size magazine more than makes up for it . 
  they talked in the latest dev stream about nerfing some shotguns cuz they 're too strong atm . 
  i 'm pretty sure that hek will be nerfed . 
  [ here 's the comparison of hek and vayhek ] ( https://gyazo.com/a838b0991cddddf174571d6daf441f83 ) . 
  difference is kinda massive , ppl who ca n't afford maxing primed mods should stick with regular hek but maxed vayhek is undoubtedly a better weapon . 
  also crit scales better , dmg on headshots is absolutely massive . 
  ofc builds can change , these are my preferred builds . 
  your picture has 2 regular heks , one with crit build and one with regular scattered justice build ... congrats you just trolled yourself !, 
  [ this ] ( https://gyazo.com/e56c92e8c88de1b650c3fa0c58569f09 ) is the same build but on actual vaykor hek . 
  vicious spread is additive dmg . 
  it adds up on top of primed point blank and blaze . 
  gives you a huuuuge dmg buff . 
  also hek 's spread is already super tight so it does n't hurt accuracy that much . 
  once i helped one mr2 guy to progress . 
  9 months later he 's mr20 and one of my best companions on this game . 
  after i helped him , we kept playing wf together and never stopped xd, 
  margaery did n't know anything about joffrey 's planned murder . 
  next episode after joffrey dies , you see olenna and margaery talk about the events and olenna admits she was involved , you can see shock on margaery 's face when she finds out . 
  `` together we murdered a king '' - olenna talking with littlefinger in his vandalized brothel, 
  the point is that r. cernos outdamages both paris prime and dread . 
  dread still prolly has highest dmg per shot out of all bows but it 's sluggish compared to r. cernos . 
  high base dmg makes up for shitty impact type and fast draw speed saves you one mod slot for another dmg mod . 
  not to mention constant viral procs that cut enemy hp in half and give you energy . 
  i do n't think that the major event involving sentients is next . 
  we have u17 .5 j3golem raid before that , more tactical alerts . 
  i 'm sure we gon na get a massive event when de introduces sentients as a new enemy faction . 
  it started out as a bug , like coptering . 
  de went with it and it became a feature . 
  multishot consuming ammo was just a suggestion . 
  we do n't know shit yet , why ppl always prematurely jump to conclusions !? 
  everything de employees say during dev stream should be taken with a grain of salt cuz it 's `` work in progress '' . 
  half of the stuff they spout was never implemented . 
  well , dmg is not the only thing you need to consider . 
  handling and dmg application are really important as well . 
  crit build brakk destroys them both when it comes to raw dps but it has short range . 
  my friend who has arachnophobia would not appreciate this xd this would make him stop playing wf, 
  still regular carrier and regular sweeper . 
  carrier is at 75 % usage , 163 million exp . 
  i love this combination of tron , deus ex and transistor !, 
  it seems to be heavily geared towards status . 
  would n't expect massive dmg from it cuz it has terrible crit stats and low base dmg . 
  for many this will be a mastery fodder . 
  only dr. chakwas survived out of kidnapped normandy crew cuz i took my sweet ass time starting the suicide mission . 
  everyone on my team survived, 
  it 's super hard to land shots on him using non-hitscan weapons like boltor prime . 
  take a nova , slow him down with molecular prime and take a high firerate hitscan weapon like a soma or something similar . 
  vay hek is not that hard to beat . 
  * max range frost to protect from that massive bombard missile aoe dmg . 
  * max range irradiating disarm loki to minimize the risk of getting oneshot .
