  all promo codes are for limited amount of time . 
  with max possible duration ash can get 23sec on his smoke screen , it 's not as bad for stealth as ppl say . 
  more syndicate augments for weapons !, 
  ned and robert were almost like brothers . 
  that 's why ned was so appalled when robert nonchalantly dismissed the events of the sack of king 's landing . 
  he stuck out his neck for robert so he could step over the mangled corpses of targaryen children to be crowned as the new king . 
  even after all that ned was there for robert in the time of need when greyjoy rebellion started . 
  most likely robert wanted to repair their relationship and just let ned solve the issue this time and without bloodshed . 
  he owed ned much more than that . 
  jaime 's bath speech . 
  that was the first time i felt sorry for him . 
  i caught that one as well on my second re-read but i think that roose is way too smart to be tricked like that and he prolly knows that lady dustin is plotting against him . 
  deadpool takes place in the present , i 'm pretty sure it 's been confirmed somewhere . 
  if supreme leader snoke is what ppl think he is ... 
  littlefinger instigated the riot so either tyrek is dead or littlefinger has him . 
  frost does the most dmg but his avalanche does n't have that good of a range . 
  she still has infinitely scaling dmg against shielded mobs , imo that was the best part about her . 
  she annihilates ppl in corpus sorties and makes them too easy . 
  i still love her , de always nerfs her but she always comes back . 
  find a new clan , playing with randoms is a chore . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  festive skins that cost plat are limited time offers just like last year . 
  all hail vay hek 's butt scratcher !, 
  also limited time as far as i know . 
  yes , auras are only obtainable through random alerts or other players . 
  wf wiki is the best source of info, 
  if you want a buffer for your 4th , take mirage . 
  with max possible power strength you can get 598 % dmg buff on total eclipse . 
  excal will be oneshotting eximus enemies . 
  total eclipse buffs only physical dmg , radial javelin does physical dmg . 
  i never polarize exilus slots , gives me more versatility if i decide to use one or another . 
  i just forma other slots to have enough points to switch between exilus mods . 
  orokitty, 
  it was , it 's prolly caitlin snow of earth-2 who is killed frost . 
  at this point you need to realize that you should play mesa a tank with shattershield + shooting gallery . 
  her time will come but she 's still in a better place than hydroid , oberon or nezha . 
  not if you have range for shooting gallery also staggering shield aug is way more useful than ppl think . 
  because jeremy irons looks really good for a 67 year old . 
  affleck is 43 . 
  typhoon is prolly the best . 
  striker is a good option if you spec for increased firerate devastator mode . 
  froma bp droprate nerf made me eternally sad . 
  i represent that 1 % of community that puts forma on every weapon and frame in the game . 
  predator style shoulder cannon . 
  could act as a sentinel . 
  yesterday my clannie got a legendary core . 
  my incentive is back now xd but yeah rng sucks ass sometimes . 
  trin is not a problem here . 
  i can have nearly infinite energy while spamming my large energy restores . 
  you can have 200 of them per mission . 
  not to mention zenurik passive that gives you 4 energy per sec for the duration of the mission . 
  or arcane energize that provides a chance to replenish a massive amount of energy to your own warframe and to nearby allies whenever a energy orb is picked up . 
  i want it !, 
  i need it !, 
  the most important part is that you do n't run out of energy and not how fast you can gain energy . 
  just with zenurik passive i can spam molecular prime for the rest of the mission without running out of energy . 
  is it really that time of the year to nerf trin ? 
  pls no . 
  they do n't need to nerf draco , they need to give more alternatives to draco . 
  stealth killing on exterminates was a good alternative and ofc they had to nerf that one . 
  all of them ca n't be primed cuz they 're not tenno weapons . 
  daikyu prime with actually useful stats . 
  it 's a freaking longbow !, 
  it should do the most dmg out of all bows !, 
  to me this was the movie that started superhero movie craze and not the first x-men movie . 
  blade is a timeless action movie classic . 
  iron giant . 
  saw it as a kid , that sacrifice shocked me to the core . 
  17 years later i still remember that moment . 
  we waited for so long , we can wait for longer if it means that george can produce a high quality read . 
  hype train ca n't be derailed . 
  it 's a worse tonbo . 
  the unique look is the only thing that it has going for it . 
  that does n't stop ppl from selling and buying founder accounts but fuck thaaaaaaat . 
  risks are enormous . 
  you can hear audible cracking sounds , i think that 's the bear biting into that deer 's spine , he ded . 
  i 'll take those !, 
  constantly out of those , just finished putting multiforma on all primaries in the game . 
  what 's so funny about it ? 
  with a maxed one on kohm for example you 'll never ever run out of ammo as long as you can kill shit . 
  maxed primed ammo mutation makes bad ammo economy disappear . 
  i 'm 100 % sure it 's 2 meter punchthrough on full charge so it 's like any bow type weapon . 
  rakta cernos or dread . 
  dread does more single target dmg , rakta cernos is fast and has aoe viral procs . 
  we do n't even know for sure if the book will be released this year or not . 
  i ca n't wait for so long , i 'll rather watch the show . 
  i was hardcore into lol for 2 + years then i discovered wf . 
  after that i played lol less and less and after 2 years it 's only wf now . 
  i sometimes go back to lol to try out a new champ or preseason changes but nothing major . 
  wf is just way more enjoyable for me , constant updates , absolutely amazing community , super fun gameplay . 
  glorious, 
  superman has enhanced hearing , i 'm pretty sure he heard that . 
  he has no reason to . 
  targaryens of old used magic to bind dragons to them . 
  also do n't forget dragonbinder , the ancient horn that victarion greyjoy possesses . 
  1,6 k plat for max primed reach . 
  highest amount i 've ever gotten from a max primed mod . 
  right now i see ppl selling maxed one for around 1,1 k plat . 
  prices might depend from a region ofc . 
  it 's hard to say .
