  devs at bioware specifically said that they wanted to alleviate the sense of urgency and lessen the stakes because they wanted me : a to be an exploration game at its core and not another space opera like ot . 
  this constant sense of urgency is great from narrative perspective but awful from rpg gameplay perspective . 
  it 's only the first game . 
  we saw only a single reaper in me1 too . 
  only a matter of time i think . 
  the kett are not reapers . 
  they 're deliberate and wo n't rush into blind attack . 
  they were slowly bleeding angara over these 80 years . 
  it 's pretty obvious that we 're not fighting a massive kett invasion fleet . 
  archon and his frontier troops could n't contact the rest of the kett empire due to interference caused by the scourge . 
  later on archon defied orders and pretty much went rogue by the end of the game . 
  the kett issue is not an immediate danger to the initiative . 
  the scourge is . 
  and to remove the scourge , you need to explore . 
  udina is not impressed it seems . 
  used my full milky way setup on first playthrough . 
  revenant , piranha , black widow and carnifex . 
  on my ng + i 'm trying out some crazy augmented weapons like soned with grenade launcher augment . 
  it 's fun blasting enemies away with a grenade minigun . 
  i think it 's gon na take some time . 
  frostbite is hard to tinker with . 
  if you go with emotional and casual dialogue options , scott ryder is basically chris pine 's rendition of james t. kirk . 
  some of the casual dialogue delivery is amazing . 
  the revelation that achon is just a peon when it comes to kett chain of command was interesting to me . 
  i got so many questions when it comes to the kett empire . 
  `` piss me off , i 'm gon na wear your spine as a hat '' - drack, 
  best.character.ever . 
  it 's supposed to be like this . 
  it 's alec 's armor . 
  too bad you have no control over the energy color your armor has . 
  opinions on `` ryder family secrets '' quest ? 
  as a big ot fan , do you like where they 're going with this ? 
  it was a shot of nostalgia to the arm for me , left me with more questions than answers . 
  piranha or dhan with bioconverter augment . 
  your shotguns will consume some hp to completely negate reload animation . 
  it 's excellent for anything that has small magazine . 
  combine it with turbocharge and you can absolutely unload with piranha after you close the distance with charge . 
  first colony on mars was founded in 2103 . 
  by the time of me3 ( 2185 ) , mars had a population of almost 3,5 million . 
  musk 's claim might be overambitious . 
  there was a blood pack punisher in that trailer too but it 's nowhere to be seen in the actual game . 
  cut from the game to be released later on multiplayer most likely . 
  white grip carnifex is not in the game either . 
  you can only make it red with mods . 
  i was n't using it that much on my first playthrough but on ng + it 's pretty damn fun to switch around between profiles and try out new stuff . 
  keeps the gameplay fresh for a lot longer . 
  ryder is not a specter who can punch ppl around whenever he/she wants . 
  pathfinder title does n't give ryder a free pass to right wrongs committed by others . 
  ryder 's purpose is to further the progress of the initiative , not to stick his hands into other ppl 's business unless he absolutely has to . 
  as soon as ppl started expecting shepard 2.0 , they were gon na be disappointed no matter what . 
  the only things that make shepard memorable are cool background , amazing combat skills and his borderline sociopath/xenophobic behavior he displays if you choose to play as renegade . 
  the only difference is that he already experienced a lot by the time you get to play as him . 
  he has history . 
  alec is shepard 's equivalent in me : a. i 'm sure a lot of ppl would want to play as him instead just because he has cool background . 
  scott and sara are supposed to be bland at first because you play their first adventure . 
  you get to experience something that was never there in ot . 
  the very beginning of the character . 
  those things you named directly impact the initiative , very negatively if left unresolved . 
  a single looter is nothing . 
  it gets better the further you progress . 
  main story missions and loyalty missions are pretty well done . 
  i doubt that such a major plot point would be a dlc , i think they 're setting things up for a sequel . 
  it must a very powerful person or a group of ppl . 
  benefactor knew about the galactic extinction years before shepard provided proof . 
  that being said , i do n't think that tann is benefactor . 
  he might be a pawn , someone loyal , someone who does n't ask questions like garson . 
  that got her killed . 
  master mirror was a redemption . 
  such a great character . 
  i 'm still salty about that cut scoia ` tael/catriona plague plotline . 
  the last prothean alive , javik is by far my favorite squadmate in mass effect franchise . 
  50000 year old warrior of extinct prothean species , javik has backstory rich with amazing lore . 
  his interactions with you are both very interesting or absolutely hilarious due to massive culture differences . 
  plus he can cause 3rd degree burns with his savage comments . 
  i wish he was introduced sooner but a single game was enough for him to take that 1st place in this amazing character lineup . 
  rank 2 pathfinder armor has n7 badge because it 's alec 's armor . 
  [ here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lz_xup6lke ) of that specific conversation . 
  minor spoilers . 
  i agree . 
  by the end of the game , ryder earns the right to wear n7 armor , especially if that armor is his/her dad 's . 
  alec ryder : captain , the protocol 's clear , in the absence of communication with the nexus or other arks , we proceed to our appointed golden world . 
  solid ground . 
  looks like they had to go with the plan b because of com interference , caused by the scourge . 
  he even has a connection to ot , albeit small one . 
  that 's prolly his mission gear . 
  since he 's a director of nexus security , he does n't go on missions anymore . 
  maybe we 'll see him throw down again in the future , that would be cool . 
  he 's just as badass as his cousin . 
  drack 's and peebee 's banter about peebee 's elcor father has to take the cake for me, 
  the good old `` if you do n't see him die on screen , he 's alive '' rule could apply here but there would be too many plotholes if he somehow survived . 
  it would n't be a me game without at least one scheming salarian . 
  me : a has at least 2 , including tann . 
  playing peekaboo with that nonsensical reaper-human hybrid almost ruined by experience . 
  such a fantastic game otherwise . 
  and ppl are saying that me : a bossfight was bad . 
  i do n't think that benefactor is illusive man . 
  from all those memories you unlock and datapads you can find in-game , it 's pretty obvious that benefactor is in andromeda , with us . 
  also the initiative leaves milky way right after me2 , illusive man should be indoctrinated by now or in the process of being indoctrinated . 
  but that 's unclear , it was never revealed exactly when im got indoctrinated . 
  dmr build isharay is the shit .
