  fully stacked aerondight is relevant all the way til the end . 
  it 's awesome . 
  `` silver for monsters '' , that one never fails to get me pumped for the fight . 
  rolling straight into him always worked for me . 
  if you chose roche path in witcher 2 and went with it , it would n't be fair abandoning him now . 
  on the other hand , their decision to side with nilfgaard and put trust in emhyr ( who is famous for backstabbing ppl ) is just outrageously stupid . 
  leaving the rest of northern realms at nilfgaardian ( an enemy that 's been tormenting northern realms for decades ) mercy is a treason of highest degree . 
  geralt also has no reason to trust dijkstra either , he 's just like emhyr . 
  note that if you side with roche , temeria gets questionable sovereignty and the rest of the north is condemned to be a part of nilfgaardian empire . 
  it 's pretty unfair and horrible and roche is a fucking idiot . 
  there 's no `` good '' choice here , both choices are bad in their own way . 
  according to many players , the most op build possible is swordsmanship/alchemy hybrid build with euphoria mutation from b&w and either feline or manticore ( with levity enchantment ) set . 
  swords with severance enchantments . 
  fill up your toxicity counter to maximum and watch your dps rise through the roof thanks to broken op euphoria mutation . 
  your light strikes will do 15k + dmg crits . 
  gameplay = / = lore . 
  in the books it is said that witchers are almost out of job because monsters are so scarce . 
  also gameplay does n't reflect realities of monster hunt either . 
  imagine playing on death march difficulty where 1 hit instakills you . 
  that 's closer to the books . 
  witcher can be killed at any time and by any monster . 
  that 's one of the major reasons why they 're almost extinct . 
  there 's 1 moment in the books where geralt is almost killed by 3 hired killers , he got seriously wounded while fighting them . 
  in the game , killing 3 humans is really easy . 
  rejuvenation enchantment is really good for rend build , you can chain rend attacks because killing blows constantly restore stamina . 
  i always used either that or severance , it 's just too good . 
  i wonder if it 's a continuity error . 
  according to what we learn in witcher 3 , geralt did n't have the scar over his left eye last time ciri saw geralt which was at the end of the last book . 
  except that caitlin is a supporting character . 
  by the time donna showed up , felicity was already a second main character . 
  from the description she sounds like a cold-hearted bitch and a scientific genius , a complete opposite of joe . 
  i multiforma 'd every weapon and frame in the game to its full potential , some required 6 , some required 4 but i did it . 
  i love the diversity , i do n't like running around with the same 5/6 op weapons all the time . 
  i 'm pretty sure they always said it was possible but we should n't expect it in near future , i always took it as 5 + year wait . 
  you 're in for a treat , one of the most memorable gaming experiences i 've ever had . 
  it 's ever better with both expansions . 
  you could improve your experience by reading the books , witcher 3 is more of a continuation of the witcher saga than witcher 2 . 
  witcher 1 and 2 had original storylines and witcher 3 follows book plotline . 
  odrin has multiple mentions in witcher 3 actually , 5 mentions on noticeboards i think and you can actually stumble upon him in novigrad . 
  he 's sleeping in the port , passed out drunk . 
  dude is a legend . 
  served in kaedweni , redanian and nilfgaardian ( for 2 days before deserting at night ) armies just to get booze and free food . 
  in witcher 3 , while hunting for 1st tier cat gear , we find out that school of the cat had elven roots and was established by elven mages , it would make sense if some early witchers from that school were elves . 
  it 's all just a speculation , we do n't know anything . 
  games have very vague info on backstory and origins of witchers . 
  books are even more vague . 
  do n't forget brienne and gregor clegane references in b&w, 
  o'dimm controls reality itself , if he wants someone dead , they will die . 
  dettlaff dies in both endings , regis is considered a traitor by his own kind in both endings . 
  choose `` bring syanna to dettlaff '' ending and try to convince her to forgive and try to take her side . 
  she went through some horrible stuff . 
  you should move on , b&w contains some wicked swords that are more powerful than witcher set swords . 
  just a small tip , there 's this small lake with an island inside of it , located north of beauclair . 
  visit that small island . 
  either syanna or dettlaff needs to die , they both ca n't live . 
  if syanna dies ( she dies if you do n't return her ribbon back to her ) and dettlaff lives , geralt is considered to be a traitor and is almost executed if not for dandelion 's intervention . 
  if dettlaff dies , you can convince syanna to forgive her sister , then geralt becomes a hero of beauclair . 
  if you fail to convince syanna , she kills her sister and then dies herself . 
  never had that issue . 
  it 's also fixable on pc . 
  clipping is insanely bad cuz you have swords on your back , cloaks do n't go well with that . 
  not surprised , mcavoy is like idris elba . 
  his presence can make everything better . 
  * he 's probably the most powerful being we 've ever seen in witcher universe . 
  he can control reality itself . 
  basically he 's the devil of the faustian bargain but the polish version . 
  * around 3k to 4k . 
  you can regain majority of the money you spend there if you buy everything . 
  * took me exactly 11 hours , i took my time because it has an amazing plot . 
  i 'd say yes , ciri is powerful but she does n't have reality altering or time stopping abilities . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you 're at recommended lvl , you ca n't parry or block any of his attacks . 
  you have to be overleveled . 
  [ here 's the guide ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/3qm8p9/so_you_want_to_read_the_witcher_books_guide/ ) . 
  hos bosses are a serious power creep problem . 
  they 're way harder in difficulty than base game bosses . 
  you can try chipping away at him with light attacks , even basic quen can help you block lethal dmg . 
  but something 's definitely fishy there . 
  do you play with enemy upscaling on or off ? 
  if not , try fiddling around with that . 
  wait , are they really making witcher live action adaptation ? 
  not sure how i feel about this . 
  apparently it 's gon na be a book adaptation that follows a short story from the last wish book , not game adaptation . 
  he 's talking about witcher 2, 
  witch hunt starts no matter what because radovid is a shitcunt and was just looking for a reason to throw mages into the fire . 
  ultimately , i do n't think that it matters in the end . 
  there 's just no feasible way how united skellige can seriously hurt nilfgaard . 
  nilfgaard is supposed to be a military behemoth with almost endless resources . 
  i think their purpose was just to stall nilfgaard 's advance and win the war of attrition . 
  in this case , wait til trade corporations stop supporting emhyr 's war efforts . 
  if you do n't take ciri to emhyr , nilfgaardian forces are fighting a losing battle against time . 
  their opposition just does n't know it yet . 
  redanians and skelligers just need to stand their ground like they did since the beginning of the war . 
  but if you kill both radovid and dijkstra , redanians buckle under the pressure and emhyr finally gets his breakthrough and also regains the support he needed to finish the war . 
  in the end , skellige is inconsequential . 
  all that king business was just geralt helping his old pal crach . 
  op fucked up , this happened during 1983 world university games , poor guy died at the age of 21 . 
  louganis smashed his head on a springboard in 1988 summer olympic games , seoul . 
  he emerged from the pool still conscious , got stitched up and continued the competition to win gold . 
  man in this gif is clearly instantly rendered unconscious by the blow . 
  apparently , it 's gon na be centered around the short story from the last wish where geralt gets his `` the butcher of blaviken '' nickname .
