  additem ( `` wolf pants 5 '' ), 
  additem ( `` wolf boots 5 '' ), 
  additem ( `` wolf gloves 5 '' ), 
  additem ( `` wolf armor 4 '' ), 
  additem ( `` wolf school steel sword 4 '' ), 
  additem ( `` wolf school silver sword 4 '' ), 
  if you lower the number , you 'll get lower tiers . 
  works 100 % for me , must be an issue with your debug console . 
  reinstall it . 
  do you actually have the dlc installed then ? 
  if so , try to reinstall it . 
  you can release the whispering hillock spirit before meeting the crones . 
  that way baron still lives . 
  last two that you mentioned are very controversial and very hard decisions for me . 
  yes , thaler , roche and ves are your acquaintances , some might even call them friends but they made a deal with emhyr and essentially sold the rest of the northern kingdoms for temeria 's questionable independence . 
  bowed down to the aggressors to be betrayed at the later date . 
  i could n't kill gaetan . 
  villagers agreed the price before the contract and after the leshen was killed , they tried to cheat him on those few crowns and kill him , almost succeeded in doing so as well . 
  geralt had a similar experience in the books , he 's called the butcher of blaviken for a reason . 
  i believe yes . 
  never used it , crach card is so much better . 
  out of 4 leader cards you get from hos , only `` emhyr var emreis : invader of the north '' card has a passive effect , all others are active . 
  let 's be honest , emhyr is just as terrible as radovid . 
  he 's the aggressor in this war . 
  tens of thousands of ppl pointlessly died over those 3 wars he waged against northern kingdoms so i chose the lesser evil , i let dijkstra do his thing . 
  that way both radovid and emhyr get what they deserve . 
  geralt meets regis for the first time in baptism of fire . 
  3rd book of witcher saga but you should read all the books , starting with the last wish . 
  really good read if you enjoy witcher lore . 
  correct book reading order would be :, 
  the last wish -  the sword of destiny ( both are filled with short stories that are significant in geralt 's life , they also set up the main witcher saga ) and then the saga goes like this : the blood of elves -  the time of contempt -  the baptism of fire -  the tower of swallows -  the lady of the lake ( the lady of the lake still does n't have english translation but you can find fan translations on the net ) . 
  kids still die if you free the spirit before meeting the crones but you can do it . 
  i did it couple of days ago on patch 1.22 . 
  it 's good and all until everyone goes apeshit over waifu wars xd, 
  no , it 's geralt/iorveth , cdpr betrayed us t __ t, 
  rushing b got even more exciting, 
  they were always there , just like master mirror was always there at the start of the game . 
  why would you rush like that ? 
  flash is only 2 seasons in , plenty of time to methodically develop the characters . 
  barry needs way more character development , he 's not ready to be wally 's mentor just yet . 
  read the rest of the saga , there are more incredible interactions between the characters . 
  there was no time to prepare , if not for geralt rushing to the isle of mists , eredin would 've found ciri first . 
  after they teleported to kaer morhen , eredin 's arrival was imminent . 
  if you do n't rush dialogue , it 's almost exactly 3 hours . 
  if you count expansions , master mirror . 
  i absolutely loved his character . 
  truly mysterious and frightening . 
  excellent villain , way more interesting than eredin and his boy band . 
  so instead of fighting one of the most dangerous monsters in witcher universe , you fight a forktail t_t i 'm sad about this . 
  no , all of them have the same properties . 
  they start pulsating and wobbling when there 's magic in their presence . 
  that includes nearby monsters . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this quest does n't matter . 
  killing radovid involves different quest , later into the game after the isle of mists . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` that exploit was dealt with in a funny fashion . 
  then cdpr took a stab at it and released cow gwent card that tansforms into a fiend on next round . '' ), 
  `` i think those plums are wreaking havoc in me gut '', 
  viper armor with tesham mutna steel sword and cantata silver sword , looks sleek and badass . 
  i love the scabbards . 
  wolven gear is prolly second best after griffin for sign build but you wo n't be able to collect it until fairly late into the game . 
  in my experience , sign build is hard to get going during first playthrough and it really shines in ng + just like pure alchemy build . 
  griffin set is the easy way out of this but as you said , you do n't like it . 
  he 's complimenting your swords . 
  this topic came up multiple times here and this was always the answer , kinda makes sense since he 's pointing at your swords while saying it . 
  it 's always something that 's light and lets you be maneuverable while offering maximum protection at the same time . 
  in the books , geralt 's attire is not described in detail but in one of the short stories from sword of destiny he was really hyped about buying a plain leather jacket when he was visiting novigrad . 
  i 'd say something like viper , manticore and lower tier wolven set would be the most lore-friendly . 
  yes , especially b&w , you 'll get some interesting things that will be useful for ng +, 
  it 's indeed one of the best decoctions you can get . 
  there are two types of blacksmiths in witcher 3 . 
  armorsmiths and swordsmiths . 
  armorsmith ca n't craft swords and vice versa . 
  i do n't think it was ever implied but i think that those 2 guys got killed by ghouls and rotfiends , it 's kinda tied with the quest the pellar gives you once you lift the curse off the island . 
  if you just reached skellige , you 're far from being done with the main quest . 
  if you do n't rush through the content , you should be done with b&w in 20 hours or so . 
  if you do everything to 100 % that is . 
  if you have debug console enabler installed , you can just give yourself manticore set that corresponds to your lvl . 
  also blue stripes commandos , pretty sure he has `` gwent plus '' mod installed . 
  keira is one of the younger sorceresses like triss . 
  philippa and francesca are the most powerful ones in the lodge , both are said to be really old and experienced . 
  it all depends on situation . 
  if geralt is close enough , due to his witcher reflexes he can pull out his sword and slash lower level mage 's throat before he can lift his arm or say a single word . 
  higher level mages are different matter , they cast preemptive spells like the time when yen paralyzed geralt with a spell before he could even notice . 
  or when geralt got almost beat to death by vilgefortz . 
  yes , all ng + gear is a lot stronger than regular . 
  if you 're on pc , you can install a mod that scales all witcher and relic gear up to lvl100 in ng + , with it you 're not stuck using gear that you do n't like but you have to use it cuz it 's good . 
  russians call it '' \u0411\u0435\u043b\u043e\u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f '' which directly translates to `` white russia '' so yeah . 
  do you realize that aerondight scales up to lvl100 ? 
  it outscales every other sword in the game , plus it has 100 % crit chance on all 10 charges . 
  no other sword comes close to it , maybe cantata or gesheft if you can find them at high enough lvl . 
  it 's a silver sword you get in b&w expansion but it 's been a usable sword in all 3 games . 
  you hit enemies 10 times without being hit and then if you kill somebody with it , aerondight permanently gains 1 dmg point . 
  it 's the only sword in the game that scales up to lvl100 , that makes it by far the best silver sword in the game . 
  not surprising , witcher 3 is a pinnacle of rpg games . 
  yes , that would be the case . 
  as soon as you arrive at marlin coast marker , you need to follow the tracks to that ship . 
  then you get this cutscene of ice giant feeding nearby sirens . 
  canon ending is the one you choose . 
  games are not canon to the book series . 
  besides the tattoo , i know only 1 minor tidbit .
