  i guess it does n't fit skellige thematic , they were really pushing that berserker + shroom combo . 
  i still ca n't believe that wally is back ... he 's back !, 
  geralt killed renfri ( the bandit leader ) in a duel and then proceeded to kill every member of her gang in a matter of seconds . 
  they never stood a chance and geralt showed no mercy . 
  villagers considered this to be a senseless act of violence because they did n't know about renfri 's evil plan . 
  that 's how geralt got the most badass nickname ever . 
  aard and igni are both really really good if you 're building for pure sign intensity . 
  griffin armor set is perfect for that , wolven set is more of a hybrid between swordplay and sign builds but it 's also sufficient . 
  to reset skills , you need to buy potion of clearance for 1000g . 
  if you have n't finished questline for keira metz in velen , you can buy 1 from her . 
  if you 're already in novigrad , you can buy 1 from merchant who sells property of dead mages , his shop should be next to the barber in one of the squares . 
   do i really need to play the other two to fully enjoy tw3, 
  absolutely buuuuut w3 does a good job getting you up to speed with the story . 
  storylines of all 3 games are almost completely different , franchise does n't have an overaching plotline to tie all 3 games together . 
  actually you kinda need to read witcher saga instead of playing previous two games because w3 is like an indirect continuation of that . 
  i like only 2 hairstyles geralt can have . 
  default one for witcher 3 and geralt 's classic one with a ponytail and shaved sides . 
  i used default w3 haircut for entire main game then switched it up with classic hairstyle for expansions . 
  scruff all the way , geralt looks a bit goofy with full beard imo . 
  base yrden is more than enough for wraiths . 
  a lot of ppl choose signs and completely ignore decoctions , some of them are straight up op . 
  combat/alchemy hybrid build allows you to run multiple decoctions and do n't forget oils . 
  superior oils give you 50 % more attack dmg , it 's really really good . 
  i 'm currently running this hybrid build on my ng + dm playthrough , almost never had to use signs except yrden sometimes when i run out of moon dust bombs . 
  aerondight is by far the best silver sword in the game which is a shame , i really hate its look . 
  cantata for instance looks so much better . 
  fun fact , those 3 trolls are voiced by famous youtubers in the gaming community . 
  one of them is angry joe . 
  found mine in [ drahim castle ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/witcher/images/f/fc/drahim_castle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/1000?cb=20151010133815 ) . 
  item is called `` torn-out page : ekimmara decoction '' . 
  i do n't understand why playing zen would generate so much hate . 
  discord orb is amazing for bursting down ppl and his ult is one of the best in the game because it denies bullshit . 
  and on top of that he can heal ppl . 
  upgrading your core potions is crucial cuz it gives you more charges before needing to meditate . 
  if you constantly run out of swallow and white raffard 's decoction and do n't know how to heal yourself , you can get refreshment perk from alchemy tree , if you have it , all potions instantly heal you for 5 % of your max hp . 
  i never run out of alcohol , it 's everywhere . 
  you 'll get some of important ones like superior swallow from doing main questlines but if you have spare coin , get every potion recipe you can . 
  almost all of them can be used in certain situations against specific monsters and such . 
  uhhhh if it 's not second life perk ( geralt drops on his knees , pops unbreakable quen and restores all his hp ) from extra mutations then it 's a bug . 
  never happened to me . 
  finish reading all books . 
  it 's hard to explain without spoiling shit . 
  relationship between geralt and yen has a lot of emotional baggage , they hate each other as much as they love each other but their fates are bound and the writer always intended them to be a couple . 
  they rarely show affection but they 're both aware of their feelings for each other . 
  i guess geralt just fancies her dominating personality . 
  if you have n't played blood & wine expansion , you wo n't know . 
  it 's prolly just a bug on your end . 
  you need to make a decision right at the end , depending on your decision you can have 2 different endings to the dlc . 
  that 's about it . 
  yes , after finishing the main questline you can roam free . 
  i would suggest finishing it then you can start with hearts of stone and then blood & wine . 
  it 's not a beer gut armour , it 's a breastplate . 
  you know , the piece of armour that actually exists in real life and protects your chest ? 
  all armour in w2 are just leather jackets/gambesons lined with chainmail . 
  yes it might look cool but it does n't make any sense . 
  how is that more practical than an actual piece of armour that can protect you from arrows or stab wounds ? 
   unrelated , but what 's wrong with geralt 's face ? 
  it 's all veiny . 
  was n't last run through . 
  witcher decoctions and potions are highly toxic so the more of them you have running at the same time , the more your blood toxicity rises hence the veiny fucked up face . 
  expansions come after the base game in order of release . 
  base game then hearts of stone then blood & wine . 
  even if you wanted to do blood & wine before hearts of stone it would be hard due to recommended level . 
  if plate ca n't protect a person , chainmail sure as hell wo n't either . 
  it 's pointless to use armour against most monsters . 
  monsters are not the only thing geralt needs to worry about in witcher 3 , do n't forget the main enemy of the story , the wild hunt . 
  they use swords and they are physically more imposing than regular humans . 
  dodging and deflecting arrows is a completely different matter , even in the books geralt says multiple times that it 's way too dangerous and he ca n't do it consistently . 
  everything i said is for geralt specifically , ordinary witchers do n't meddle in wars and do n't fight angry elves from another dimension on daily basis . 
  you just completely ignored what i said . 
  `` smarmy cat diddler '' is prolly one of the most creative insults for geralt i 've ever heard . 
  i can confirm , yesterday stumbled upon this cave on my ng + playthrough . 
  killed the rabbit with grapeshot . 
  it was said multiple times that b&w was the end of geralt 's adventures . 
  now they gon na develop cyberpunk at full force and maybe in the future we 'll get another witcher game with completely new story and characters . 
  way too early to tell right now . 
  cuz they 're pushing this lunaro thing really hard just like they did with archwing and it 's gon na blow up in their face again . 
  ofc almost nobody reads forums here , they do n't wan na suffer brain damage, 
  rolling for dayz and chipping away at them is your best bet . 
  also use white honey and golden oriole potions so the plants could n't poison you to death . 
  if you 're on pc and really like those grandmaster sets , install debug console enabler and give yourself grandmaster gear that corresponds to your level . 
  if you 're on console , well , you 're stuck with other sets that scale with your level automatically . 
  why do you think olgierd did n't deserve saving ? 
  o'dimm tricked him and made him into a heartless bastard so he 's a victim in all this is he not ? 
  if you do the quest `` open sesame ! '', 
  first , you can get viper set early , maybe 30 % into dlc . 
  sadly witcher sets do n't scale with your lvl , that 's their biggest downside . 
  if you 're on pc , you can do 2 things . 
  install a mod that makes witcher gear scale with lvl or install debug console enabler and give yourself witcher gear that corresponds to your level . 
  desperate people do desperate things . 
  his noble family was in ruins and the woman he loved was promised to another man . 
  even before he regains his feelings , he still shows that there 's still some good in him , like his undying loyalty and love to his brother . 
  i kinda felt bad for him at the end . 
  hard to tell you without spoiling stuff , you gon na meet her doing the main quest , that 's all i can say . 
  it 's not a bug , the quest is actually not finished yet . 
  you got only one of the three keys from that woman . 
  you need to roam the city and stumble upon 2 more keys . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` she 's the organizer of the banquet geralt visits accompanied by anna henrietta . 
  apparently she 's an influential noble in toussaint . 
  she appears later if you choose `` kill dettlaff '' route , really interesting character . '' ),
