  smoke screen in general needs buffing , it lasts only 8sec at base ( 23sec max possible ) while loki 's lasts 12sec ( 34sec max possible ) . 
  give it extra 2sec and invis ash build might actually become viable , right now specing ash for invis is redundant when loki is sooooo much better at it . 
  forget about coptering , it 's gon na be removed . 
  dmg-wise they pack a punch !, 
  out of all crit based dual swords , prolly close second to ichors . 
  also downright amazing for exalted blade excal build . 
  after using my 6 forma tonkor for couple of weeks straight , any other primary seems super weak dmg-wise . 
  i usually take that in combination with atomos for massive aoe awesomeness . 
  i also play a lot of jetstream zephyr to get those on-hit exploding tonkor grenades . 
  dragon nikana and dual ichor are clear contenders besides the ones that have syndicate mod . 
  i like melee weapons that can proc berserker and make my exalted blade swing faster so if i 'm not using prisma skana and dual cleavers , i take dual ichor , zoren , or even obex . 
  obex is a highly underestimated and underused melee weapon , cheap to get and packs a serious punch ( no pun intended ) if modded for crit . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/primary_weapons/builder/tonkor/t_30_22223003_131-5-5-132-1-5-133-4-5-137-0-10-140-6-5-150-2-10-159-3-5-485-7-10_137-7-132-8-150-8-159-5-133-6-131-11-140-9-485-6/en/2-0-70/59571/ ), 
  `` reek reek , it rhymes with weak '', 
  65 actually , spammed uranus interception cuz it took me a long time to get all elytron parts . 
  not that hard if you can get a full squad of pilfering hydroids and play earth excav over and over again . 
  ppl should stop complaining about scarce resources if they refuse to play hydroid or nekros . 
  min-maxing is a part of this game and if you want to get the most out of your playtime , you have to optimize your loadout . 
  it 's pretty obvious that wf is meant for ppl who actually like grinding , ppl like me . 
  i would n't be playing this game for 2 + years otherwise . 
  all warframe 's content is based on grinding . 
  reduced grind would result in significant playtime drop . 
  from what you said , i 'm pretty sure you 're playing the wrong game . 
  i make my plat from selling max primed mods , maxing those is costly to say the least . 
  i usually try to stay above 10mil just in case they release an actually decent primed mod . 
  wow , this really puts me at ease . 
  at first i thought that the speed of movement will be drastically decreased with the removal of coptering but this bulletjump mechanic seems very fluid and fast paced . 
  i 'm sold !, 
  every time i queue up for draco , i see ppl who take multiple rank 0 weapons or even rank 0 frame , expecting to get carried . 
  ofc it 's not always like that but recently the entitlement and leecher mentality of many people in this game has become viral . 
  they join random ppl with rank 0 frames with no redirection or no vitality , garbage rank 0 weapons and sit afk in the balcony between point d and c. put some effort into it ppl !, 
  do like 80 uranus interception missions till wave 8, 
  spam triton 24/7, 
  we told de glen about this and he asked de scott . 
  apparently this was not intended but they gon na keep this interaction . 
  build is costly to make so not everyone will be able to abuse this right off the bat . 
  only zephyr because of jetstream augment, 
  thank you based de !, 
  are you on crack son ? 
  every person who has at least a sliver of common sense is gon na rush zhonya 's if he 's facing zed as ap mage . 
  cho absolutely annihilates zed , all he has to do is to avoid early gank . 
  vlad outscales zed super hard , everytime zed ults , you just pool away , not to mention that zhonya 's is almost like a core item to vlad . 
  lissandra destroys zed as well , basically double zhonya 's and a stun/root , super easy to harass him in lane . 
  no counterplay he says ... 
  i hate how riot changes assassins in general . 
  instead of nerfing damage or damage application , they make assassins sluggish and slow , easily vulnerable to many forms of counterplay . 
  next thing you know they gon na decrease projectile speed or missile width of zed 's shuriken . 
  i want a traditional european longsword and a bow that actually does dmg unlike daikyu . 
  daikyu looks amazing but it just does n't make sense , it has the biggest draw length out of all bows in the game . 
  it supposed to be the most powerful but it is n't . 
  you 're making everything so difficult for yourself . 
  farming bosses for rare resources is never a good option unless you need 1 or 2 of them to craft a weapon or something . 
  you gon na need lots and lots of neurals for forma cuz you gon na craft a lot more of them . 
  get yourself a hydroid and mod him for pilfering swarm ult spam . 
  if you just put some effort into it , [ results are super rewarding ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g8hsj2w.jpg ) . 
  way better than running alad assassination over and over again , praying for a good drop . 
  burston scales with mods and has amazing syndicate mod . 
  it has only 39 base dmg per shot . 
  instead it has a good status chance and a syndicate mod that restores hp which in turn gives you super good utility . 
  mod it properly and it 'll do a decent amount of dmg . 
  fracturing crush is ok , it 's overlooked cuz corrosive projection stacking is super popular and also way more effective . 
  compared to the damage output of dread and paris prime , daikyu is miserable . 
  crit build trumps status build in many cases . 
  daikyu is too slow and sluggish to spread status . 
  even with max possible fire rate you can only loose one arrow per second . 
  status synergizes with high firerate . 
  this is from jupiter defense , io . 
  3 pilfering hydroids and nekros . 
  1 drop chance booster . 
  nice idea for an ultimate , make mag into a weapon nullifier . 
  weapon jamming is a really powerful ability . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/warframes/builder/hydroid/t_30_300022003_4-7-5-5-1-5-6-6-5-8-8-5-12-4-10-55-0-5-256-2-3-411-5-10-492-3-3_55-6-5-9-256-9-492-9-12-8-411-8-6-11-4-9-8-14_0/en/1-0-24/49291/ ), 
  i sometimes replace stretch with vitality if i 'm doing higher lvl farm runs . 
  this build works like a charm when paired with more hydroids , for soloing , no so much . 
  you gon na be really squishy and vulnerable . 
  i have this as my alarm tune , super effective xd, 
  well if uwanna get more loot , yeah . 
  pilfering swarm scales with power strength . 
  that 's what i use except that i have steel fiber instead of intensify . 
  come to think of it , at the first glance dark sector gameplay is super similar to me3 multiplayer . 
  imagine this as a revival of jl/jlu with kevin conroy , tim daly and susan eisenberg coming back to voice the iconic trinity of justice league . 
  my god i miss jl cartoon so much . 
  that 's the coptering of fully stacked berserker scindo prime + valkyr 's warcry . 
  sometimes if you copter off the edge of the map , you keep your momentum after respawning and fall off the same edge like 5 or 6 times . 
  it 's crazy . 
  that 's a sick idea . 
  more customization !, 
  it 's a regular shade but with summus prime accessories that came with loki prime . 
  it 's definitely challenging . 
  what i did was tipedo + volt . 
  coptered right next to him before he slowed me and nuked him with my 6 forma tonkor . 
  you can also go with on-hit detonating tonkor ( jetstream zephyr + terminal velocity tonkor ) and just shoot right next to the bubble and kill him instantly . 
  although you need tons of power strength on your zephyr to turn tonkor into rocket launcher . 
  it 's usually best to have one weapon to do dmg , use it and passively level other 2 . 
  do vault runs , get corrupted mods like blind rage , heavy caliber , fleeting expertise , overextended . 
  everyone buys them for a decent price . 
  get another frame slot . 
  keep hydroid , his pilfering swarm build has insane loot multiplier on ult kills . 
  [ he 's the best frame to farm rare resources with ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g8hsj2w.jpg ) . 
  apparently summus prime is somehow very obscure .
