  it 's super addicting to me but if you do n't like grinding for stuff then do n't even bother . 
  the ones i know are :, 
  mesa :, 
  * +10 % fire rate with dual wielded sidearms, 
  * +20 % reload speed for one handed sidearms, 
  * +50 flat health when a melee weapon is not equipped, 
  mirage :, 
  * larger vertical wallrun distance, 
  * performs rolling , vaulting , edge grab , sideroll and backflip a lot faster than other frames, 
  * low gravity jumps, 
  * can move faster while being mid-air ( coptering , front flips ), 
  excal :, 
  * 10 % increased dmg and attack speed for longswords , dual swords and nikanas, 
  you 're not a real man if you never joined tonkor masterrace . 
  highest dmg primary in the game that does more dmg in one grenade than full magazine of boltor prime . 
  ppl keep forgetting that secondaries have twice more multishot . 
  more bullets fired , more potential crits . 
  just purely , dps-wise aksomati are actually above regular soma . 
  even brakk does way more dmg while modded for crit rather than with just pure elementals thx to it 's high pelletcount per shot . 
  as a hardcore min-maxer i 'm definitely gon na max primed pistol gambit but it 's definitely not for everyone . 
  brakk has 15 % base crit chance , that 's high enough to warrant crit mods on it . 
  with max multishot it has 28 pellets and despite having crit chance lower that 40 % with max primed pistol gambit , you still gon na crit a lot . 
  brakk has 3rd highest pelletcount in the game i believe . 
  behind hek with scattering justice at 29 and pyrana at 34 . 
  pyrana benefits the most out of all shotgun type weapons in the game with that 20 % base crit chance and the highest pelletcount in the game . 
  it 's only held back by atrocious reload speed and super fast firerate . 
  not really . 
  mesa has 2 main playstyles . 
  peacemaker build and shooting gallery/shattershield build for survivals and other missions that does n't require you to be stationary . 
  they do n't need to change frames to prevent ppl from doing draco-like missions . 
  they need to change how enemy spawns work in this game . 
  the efficient way of grinding is and was always boring . 
  that 's how it goes , ppl find the mission that gives them the biggest amount of loot and spams that mission over and over again . 
  name the game that makes efficient grind not only rewarding but also fun and you 'll prove your point . 
  if you do n't wan na get bored , level your shit on kiste . 
  for challenging content , you mod your mesa for 2 and 3 abilities , keep them up at all times and kill mobs with your pimped out weapon . 
  ppl who use peacemaker in other missions other than defense are the ones complaining about game not being fun . 
  it 's their own fault cuz they think that mesa is a one trick pony . 
  i 'd want to see a legit massive rpg game based on asoiaf made by a good studio like bethesda , projekt red or bioware . 
  asoiaf has a potential that rivals lord of the rings in terms of scale and epicness . 
  tonkor masterrace, 
  beat it on insanity , starting from scratch . 
  let 's just say it 's hard as fuck !, 
  if you 're really planning to do this , prepare to take a beating . 
  i 'd suggest playing as sentinel because it 's the most durable and versatile class . 
  thanks to tech armor you 'll be able to tank more than 1 shot . 
  take strong biotic partner like jack , samara for me2 or liara for me3 to pull enemies out of cover . 
  second partner can be tali cuz she 's good vs geth , i had the most trouble fighting the geth . 
  most of their troops will oneshot you or stunlock your ass until you die . 
  always go from cover to cover and you might actually survive . 
  i think we 'll need to wait for at least 1 more month , parkour 2.0 is still largely unfinished , same with j3 golem . 
  it happens when grenades stack up and explode near the same enemy at once . 
  nothing unusual , tonkor is by far the strongest weapon in the game dmg-wise . 
  i found that it 's the only weapon that still does dmg and kills [ lvl500 + mobs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kswqu56.jpg ) after 2h + in t4surv . 
  congrats on joining tonkor masterrace . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have tons of fun using this weapon . 
  50mins in it was already gone, 
  it 's the thing, 
  braton prime , it 's textures are super outdated compared to recent weapons . 
  wow this aksomati buff is super sweet , ember getting some vital buffs as well, 
  with that 3sec reload speed ? 
  you can might as well shot yourself with it . 
  that 's why we got orokin color pack , the exact same gold color they use for primed stuff these days is in that color pack . 
  these primed frame designs are going crazier and crazier . 
  yeah ... you wo n't get anywhere with that rank8 blind rage . 
  that 's such an overkill . 
  trans . 
  fortitude , intensify and fleeting expertise generate enough dmg to kill up to lvl60 enemies . 
  even better if you have arcane chlora helm . 
  for your exact build you have 55 energy cost on your miasma and 350 max energy . 
  your miasma should do around 5k dmg per tick . 
  actually , you can completely drop blind rage , get arcane chlora helm and you 'll only lose 500dmg ~ per tick . 
  your miasma will cost 25 energy . 
  then you can replace primed flow with something more useful like regen molt . 
  you can still make use of it even if it scales with duration . 
  i also highly suggest dropping redirection for vitality . 
  saryn has one of the highest base hp values in the game at 450 , it will give you more survivability combined with regen molt . 
  afaik currently there are no similar games to wf gameplay-wise . 
  pve shooter/hack & slash type of games . 
  i used to play the shit out of me3 multiplayer , wf was very similar , that 's what got me into playing wf . 
  too bad that bioware stopped the support for that game only a year after it 's release . 
  the combat system was super advanced and i 'd like de to implement some things similar to it . 
  mine is still synoid although i barely used it after the nerf . 
  i was one of the first ppl to jump onto synoid masterrace train : /, 
  it 's a common knowledge , it also happens if you jump above vauban 's vortex . 
  i usually use obex to breakdance ppl to death , they 're amazing for crit build and the attackspeed is ridiculous . 
  the ironborn value strength above all else . 
  theon is a battered dude who looks like a frail old man at this point , it 's also heavily implied that ramsay removed his manly bits . 
  even if he 's the rightful heir to the throne , i do n't think that anyone would recognize his claim . 
  if he and asha actually survive the confrontation with stannis then it might be a big possibility . 
  grrm just did n't randomly drop that backstory , i think it 's a foreshadowing . 
  you sounded super nervous , do n't worry no one is sneaking behind you to stab you in the back . 
  useful info tho , every newcomer should be introduced to vault runs . 
  i want a poncho for my mesa :d, 
  triton gives a surprising amount of t2 and t3 sabs , that 's where i got all of mine . 
  no naming and shaming , it 's against the rules of reddit . 
  blur out the names before posting something like this . 
  every community has these kinds of ppl . 
  you prolly never played any of the cs games or mobas . 
  wf does n't have a lot of them cuz it 's not a pvp game .
