  i just play defy build wukong , 0 fucks left to give . 
  those ash spammers can shank me with their knives all day and i wo n't die , ever . 
  yup , geralt made up a name for himself as well . 
  he chose `` geralt of rivia '' because it inspired trust so the peasants would n't look at him like he 's a common brigand . 
  he even started using rivian dialect to blend in . 
  vesemir gave him the name and geralt always considered vesemir to be his father . 
  in the last wish , geralt straight up calls him that when he 's talking with mother nenneke . 
  geralt made up `` of rivia '' part . 
  way later on , meve , the queen of lyria and rivia , knights him for real for his valor in battle against nilfgaardians . 
  another bethesda fanboy coming in to troll ppl . 
  sigh ... 
  i like to look at the game series as very well made fan fiction . 
  that 's probably the simplest description . 
  there 's a zephyr build that makes tonkor grenades detonate on impact , basically turning it into rocket launcher . 
  that 's the reason i like playing zephyr from time to time . 
  basically you need bunch of power strength , duration and jetstream augment . 
  once you activate your turbulence , it increases weapon projectile speed . 
  ca n't upvote this enough . 
  100 % needed change . 
  resurrected hyekka and drahk masters also summon permanent hyekka and drahk , unless they get killed off . 
  nekros ult is more useful than ppl think . 
  it 's not just a meatshield for nekros to hide behind . 
  he 's just butthurt because someone made more money from his works than he himself . 
  also majority of ppl who heard about witcher series , instantly associate that with the games and not books . 
  `` no self , no sense , no death , just a metal puppet , dangling on tenno strings . '', 
  hunhow says it during second dream quest when he 's referring to warframes . 
  it 's purely a matter of preference . 
  zhuge does more dmg due to high crit stats but has very fast firerate and massive recoil . 
  attica is more precise but does less dmg despite having higher base dmg . 
  witcher 3 takes place during 3rd nilfgaardian/northern realms war . 
  nilfgaard was the aggressor in all 3 wars . 
  you really need to read the books to find out about the atrocities nilfgaard committed . 
  most notably , the massacre of cintra . 
  we see the world from the perspective of northern realms so it 's easy to condemn the actions of northerners but keep in mind , this war would n't even be happening if not for nilfgaard 's thirst for conquest . 
  rest of the continent is populated by barbaric and uncultured savages who need to be conquered and civilized . 
  that 's the mentality of nilfgaardians but instead of spreading culture , they spread death and savagery . 
  zephyr has her niche , on-hit exploding tonkor grenades . 
  limbo is considered to be a total garbage of wf . 
  stalker never used a nikana in the first place , he used hate which is a scythe . 
  the inclusion of bj in his drop table never made sense to me . 
  he 's back and he brought us earrings ... can we expect a proposal next time he rolls back ? 
  smeeta is rng cat , you can never know what you 'll get . 
  adarza gives you that crit consistently , even tho it 's a smaller amount . 
  m11 suppressor and javelin . 
  absolutely loved them both . 
  sadly , you get them pretty damn late into me3 . 
  deus ex : mankind divided , thx op . 
  blade : trinity ... 
  iirc norman reedus was in blade 2 , not blade : trinity . 
  love reynolds in trinity tho , like deadpool minus costume and mask . 
  [ that gai sensei reference tho ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/ce4767b9a32ad65f3d28559085b438dd.png ), 
  macro, 
  to avoid repetition ? 
  wf by nature is repetitive enough , why make it even more repetitive by making repetitive actions ? 
  i played wf for 3 + years . 
  at some point you realize that it 's all about efficiency . 
  also melee macros are not that boring , instead of pressing 3 buttons for slide attack , you press one . 
   telos boltace : this one is fine . 
  it is n't the best , but it at least is fun to slide around everywhere, 
  it 's beyond fine , with max primed reach , slide attacks have 20 meter range , also guaranteed slash procs on every slide attack . 
  really really powerful with maiming strike . 
   sechura lecta : the base stat increase is great and is clearly the best whip now , but whips are still weak compared to other melee weapons . 
  completely false . 
  maiming strike atterax with pure crit build and primed reach is one of the strongest melee weapons in the game , if not the strongest . 
  you can ramp up that red crit multiplier incredibly fast . 
  high slash dmg + high crit + high status makes it amazing . 
  bleed procs scale with crit . 
  it leaves nikana prime and galatine prime in dust . 
  secura lecta , although strong , it 's nowhere even near atterax in terms of dmg . 
  atterax has more than twice range , it can hit 7 + enemies at the same time , this leads to faster dmg stacking . 
  [ with organ shatter , atterax at 3 combo has 29.2 crit multiplier when sliding ] ( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/131705712354131968/223435707165704192/18b9d42816d846019e91181f4e6545f6.png ) . 
  galatine prime might do a lot more dmg per swing at first but atterax catches up after just a few swipes . 
  and i 'm talking about spin attack on atterax . 
  you know what maiming strike does ? 
  pretty much purely for resource farming . 
  i ca n't find any other use for him atm . 
  dude badly needs a buff or a rework . 
  as long as felicity is there , it 's not going to be a good show ever again . 
  urie is an emo bitch . 
  shirazu was the only person from quinx squad that was interesting and he 's gone . 
  it was orthos prime with maiming strike build , i 'm 100 % sure . 
  you ca n't just simply replicate this . 
  how often do we get grineer spy sortie missions ? 
  barry stole all of it for himself . 
  you can easily cap your focus in two adaro runs anyway , takes less than 20 minutes . 
  slash physical dmg in an exception to that rule if the weapon has both good crit and status , like galatine prime . 
  slash bleed procs also scale with crit dmg and incredibly well actually . 
  not to mention that they do armor and shield ignoring finisher dmg . 
  you can run weeping wounds and buzzkill to proc slash very frequently . 
  especially if you play ash and abuse his passive . 
  edit : obviously , for this to work the weapon needs to deal primarily slash dmg , at least 40 % of its dmg needs to be slash . 
  i would be more worried about luke and jessica . 
  how will they react to each other ? 
  fight scenes between non powered ppl , especially prison scenes were very well done . 
  after luke gets his powers , he tries really really hard not to injure ppl . 
  if he was punching for real , he could kill any regular human being , just a light slap is enough to knock them out instantly . 
  it 's hard to create any kind of serious physical challenge for a guy who 's impervious to bullets and can punch apart concrete and steel with his bare hands . 
  spy missions are still very much viable . 
  it all depends on what you 're leveling and what tools you have . 
  if you just wan na do something that barely requires effort then akkad is your place .
