  because sancti tigris only has 2 shots , it really tanks its dps and it relies heavily on pure dmg numbers . 
  vay hek on the other hand is a crit shotgun , has more shots in the magazine , does superior dmg on headshots and scales better . 
  no idea , i do n't sell unranked primed mods . 
  primed reach will be ridiculously expensive , it only came once like 8 months ago . 
  it 's a mystery . 
  gared served night 's watch for 40 years , maybe he knew about the black gate and passed the wall through the nightfort ? 
  lithuanian here . 
  can relate . 
  always get paired with russians and play the game with 500 ping , especially in the mornings . 
  it 's not cool when you need to wait next to the door for 6 seconds to pass through . 
  from the the looks yeah , dual kamas prime looks amazing but its dmg is complete garbage compared to the monster that is dual ichor . 
  you ca n't go more end-game than banshee . 
  i like to equip my full conclave skin loadout and cosplay as tron . 
  [ rinzler ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/364030656461005508/df7aff7bf17b7e2513235b879e1517a874a1f73b/ ), 
  as a cc frame yeah , banshee is a dmg support . 
  loki wo n't allow your team to kill lvl500 + enemies more easily . 
  loki does two things . 
  he either runs max stealth , chips away at enemies using melee and is completely useless to the team or he goes for max range irradiating disarm build which is one of the best cc builds in the game . 
  banshee serves different purpose . 
  she augments team 's dmg to ridiculous levels . 
  he kept raging at me cuz i was spamming trin . 
  i cast link and he kills himself with his stupid jat kittag spam . 
  [ watch this guide from an experienced mesa player ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruce9r4q-9c ) , might be what you 're looking for . 
  can you pls explain why gas + electric lanka is a thing ? 
  gas has -25 % dmg penalty against flesh which is corpus crewmen without shields . 
  why would you wan na run that if viral has 50 % dmg bonus against flesh ? 
  sortie enemies are too tanky to be affected by gas clouds . 
  you really had your jimmies rustled there xd, 
  jorah was already the lord of bear island back then , it would n't make sense if he was n't there . 
  this is the last place i expected to see vargo hoat quotes xd, 
  character from game of thrones books , he has a swollen tongue so he always speaks with a lisp . 
  sansa has supporters ? 
  that one is new for me . 
  an age old question , fanboys on both sides will say that theirs is better . 
  if you take pure stats and count in headshots , soma prime absolutely destroys boltor prime . 
  you 're losing incredibly high amounts of dmg by not using 2 elementals to form a greater elemental . 
  hammershot is a noob bait , never never ever use that mod . 
  to make it better than 90 % elemental or fanged fusillade you almost always need to land headshots which is realistically impossible . 
  try replacing hammershot and crit delay for 2 90 % elementals . 
  it 's hard to fit argon scope on dread atm but you can try experimenting . 
  try to drop fanged fusillade for it . 
  this is actually the most optimal build right now for dread , i 'm using it since fanged fusillade was first available . 
  talking about elemental types , viral is best against grineer in general . 
  viral is also an essential dmg type when your team stacks 4 corrosive projection auras to strip enemies off their armor . 
  radiation is best against grineer heavies ( bombards , corrupted bombards , napalms ) . 
  magnetic is good against corpus . 
  corrosive is good against ferrite armor ( most grineer enemies except bombards and napalms ) . 
  check [ this ] ( http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/damage_2.0 ) for in-depth info . 
  you ca n't only crit mania when he casts his turbulence . 
  most of these mods will come into play after generic dmg mods will be removed ( serration , hornet strike etc. ), 
  and multishot changed . 
  think about the future and not what 's good now . 
  [ my favorite frame and favorite build ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mgqoern.png ) . 
  some duration and efficiency for 2 main abilities you 'll be spamming , shooting gallery and shatter shield . 
  stretch and cunning drift are needed to increase shooting gallery 's effective range and compensate for negative range stat you get from narrow minded . 
  intensify to get maximum possible dmg reduction from shatter shield ( 95 % ) . 
  staggering shield syndicate augment adds an extra layer of protection , this really helps you out when shooting gallery switches to your allies . 
  vitality to increase survivability . 
  keep shooting gallery and shatter shield at all times and you 'll be nearly unkillable . 
  you should still watch out for explosions , slash/fire procs and melee enemies . 
  i highly suggest you should completely ignore her ult , changes to her ult were terrible and not exactly what she needed at all . 
  they also spawn on earth mobile defense event mission but very rarely . 
  that would be a nightmare for all 99 % blessing trins xd, 
  i 'm assuming you 're talking about soma prime . 
  if not , do n't bother with regular soma cuz soma prime is a superior version so get that one and invest into making that one your best weapon . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zyolqrr.png ) is my soma prime build . 
  serration , split chamber , point strike , vital sense and two 90 % elementals are core mods for any crit primary like soma . 
  max rank5 mods as soon as possible , you can slowly rank up rank10 mods as you progress . 
  if you do n't have heavy caliber , argon scope is a next best thing right now . 
  when de comes through with their weapon balancing changes ( possible removal of generic dmg mods like serration and multishot nerfs ) then argon scope might become mandatory on crit primaries . 
  right now it 's a really niche mod . 
  vaykor has to be a grineer weapon . 
  jat kittag is a prime candidat for that , it 's by far the most popular grineer-made melee weapon . 
  amphis , furax and sydon are good candidates as well . 
  boltace for arbiters , almost 100 % sure about that one . 
  cephalon suda 's melee will be an improved version of a new weapon that is yet to be released . 
  they did that with gammacor and simulor , it makes sense that they gon na do it again . 
  on the recent devstream they talked about the idea of red veil having a dagger melee . 
  karyst or heat dagger seem to be the most fitting daggers for red veil . 
  no idea about new loka . 
  something like tonbo could be cool but we already have too many polearms . 
  you need to have a fast firerate full auto secondary like hikou prime . 
  switch to secondary , do redeemer charge attack , immediately double tap `` equip melee '' button then do charge attack again . 
  brakk is almost unmatched in dps department . 
  that comes with a cost , it has dmg falloff . 
  excavations up to 2k cryo barely changed . 
  past that , you 'll start having troubles due to a lack of power cell drops . 
  i build mine like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jjqxnpw.png ) . 
  i dig it , really different from traditional zimmer creations . 
  reverse flash , i might be a bit biased tho xd, 
  i 'd fill my landing craft with an army of steves, 
  detail is immaculate , no wonder it 's 97 bucks . 
  yes , because 1 mission determines what needs to be nerfed . 
  just because you have bad luck , something needs to be buffed ? 
  hek is an incredibly strong primary , especially if you can get your hands on its syndicate augment . 
  optimizing it would give you more value than investing into soma prime cuz hek does n't need a single rank10 mod . 
  that 's actually dick grayson as batman so he would say stuff like that . 
  first few episodes are quite disappointing but it gets better , [ spoiler ] ( #spoilers `` they did justice to martian manhunter and he 's a main cast '' ), 
  spraying wo n't get you far once you start doing serious content . 
  with hek , syndicate proc will do aoe for you .
