  my friend has the pack and everytime we 're on the mission , ppl always ask what kind of accessories are those . 
  [ looks a bit like one of those traditional chinese swords with a tazel on a hilt ] ( http://www.swordsantiqueweapons.com/images/s1246.jpg ), 
  kamas use dual sword stances . 
  there are no kama stances, 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's not a primed nikana but a completely new sword . 
  it looks like jian , a traditional chinese one handed straight sword . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that we wo n't get dark excal that chinese got . 
  excal prime wo n't come back in any shape or form . 
  as a skin ? 
  sure , no one would be mad about that but never ever as a separate frame . 
  design-wise both excal prime and frost prime look pathetic compared to recent prime frames . 
  some design tweaks would be nice . 
  according to that `` data '' dakra prime was called cronus prime . 
  tonkor is my absolute favorite atm . 
  it literally blows away any other primary dmg-wise . 
  to me nothing is more satisfying than the sight of that tonkor blast ragdoll . 
  [ this ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/primary_weapons/builder/vectis/t_30_22223003_132-1-5-133-4-5-137-0-10-140-3-5-141-5-5-144-6-3-159-2-5-160-7-5_137-7-132-8-159-5-140-5-133-6-141-11-144-9-160-8/en/2-0-23 ) is what i 'm rocking . 
  sniper rifles ( except lanka ) really need that punchthrough cuz they have 0 innate unlike bows and really really suck against larger groups of enemies . 
  it 's a high possibility that corpus and grineer might join forces against returning sentients . 
  similar to how mass effect 3 went . 
  all races of the galaxy united against the reapers . 
  afaik dead eye gives dmg boost to sniper rifles and bows . 
  rifle amp gives dmg to rifles , bows , sniper rifles and launchers . 
  i do n't really know if it 's intended or not . 
  shield polarize is not the ability that needs buffing out of all mag 's abilities . 
  what she needs is versatility . 
  right now she 's only optimal against corpus and corrupted ( shield drones are really common in the void ) . 
  mag is essentially useless vs grineer and infested . 
  she ca n't fill up her shields using shield transference , ca n't damage grineer/infested with shield polarize , crush barely does any dmg against medium to high level enemies and bullet attractor is one of the most useless abilities in the game . 
  and before anyone says that they added fracturing crush aug so that mag would be useful against grineer/infested , that does n't help . 
  if you 're in a decent squad and fighting grineer/infested , you gon na be stacking corrosive projection auras , making fracturing crush redundant . 
  mag needs a buff but not for shield polarize . 
  galatine with cleaving whirlwind does way more dmg . 
  i do n't get this fascination with tempo royale . 
  yes it has fancy flips and swings but it ca n't beat broken bull combo from cleaving whirlwind that gives you ~ ~ x3 ~ ~ x4 dmg multiplier and makes every swing hit twice . 
  whoops my bad . 
  that solidifies my point even further . 
  tempo royale if you wan na look like a dancer , cleaving whirlwind when you actually wan na kill shit . 
  i do n't see any issues when i 'm using life strike with cleaving whirlwind . 
  one strike is enough to fully heal you anyway . 
  does n't matter how you perform that strike . 
  tempo royale has delay after almost every strike and awful ground slam that only delays your damage output . 
  it 's not that easy to reach a point when broken bull stops oneshotting enemies . 
  you 're talking about lvl100 + enemies by then it 's no use using melee if you ca n't oneshot , it becomes redundant compared to 6 forma tonkor or other highest tier weapons . 
  it has 100 % accuracy but that slow projectile travel speed basically cancels out that accuracy . 
  it 's difficult to shoot moving enemies and it does mediocre damage . 
  you 're better off with braton prime or soma/soma prime ( i know super overused but for a good reason ) . 
  the point is that if broken bull ca n't oneshot or kill enemies fast , you reach the point where melee becomes time-wasting affair . 
  that 's not what you want in this game where enemies relentlessly swarm you from all sides . 
  i agree tempo royale is faster so you can apply dmg faster but it 's definitely not better against super high level enemies . 
  it 's all about dmg at this point and tempo royale falls off in damage faster . 
  apart from that you deal mediocre damage , i feel that the worst thing about crush is that you intentionally immobilize yourself for sooooo long . 
  some enemies like ballistas that stand outside crush range or nullifiers can effortlessly snipe you and instakill you . 
  javik for sure . 
  he was the badass warrior of his time like shepard but he failed . 
  grabbed both me1 and me2 for 7euros when it was on sale , works just fine but they 're both without the most important dlcs . 
  yeah but polarize is instant , you would just need to mash 2 and even nullifiers would die . 
  also polarize dmg can scale infinitely unlike mp which has dmg cap . 
  pyrana . 
  overshadowed by super op brakk but incredibly powerful crit hand cannon . 
  highest pelletcount in the game out of all shotgun type weapons . 
  i love how it looks , i love how it sounds , love the dmg if only recoil would n't be so strong . 
  by the looks of it , we 're in for a loooong wait . 
  their initial plan was to introduce sentients by the end of this year . 
  no news yet cuz they 're working on u17 . 
  disappointed by super low drop chance of ash prime systems , we decided to go for a [ 3 hour run ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4ay98vi.jpg ) for teh lolz . 
  nothing but a pile of sicarus prime bps , bo prime bps and forma bps < ___ <, 
  proper setup and a lot of free time . 
  u17 is next week . 
  i 'm fine with void trader cuz i know that we gon na get a substantial amount of new content very soon . 
  never had a chance to get machete wraith so i 'm happy . 
  ca n't please everyone . 
  atomos is currently my favorite secondary , massive aoe will destroy a crowd of enemies super fast and it does a considerable amount of dmg . 
  after 30k kills and 1 month of nonstop use i 'm just refusing to swap it . 
  it 's fast and incredibly efficient killing machine . 
  de steve said that they gon na open up account transferring option again at some point . 
  afaik there are no news about it . 
  apparently most ppl underestimated how good prisma skana is and just bought one copy . 
  it 's hard to find sellers . 
  sold two for 200plat each last week . 
  it became a highly desired weapon after excal rework . 
  it has amazing synergy with exalted blade . 
  2 things i think :, 
  * people prefer corrosive proc over blast proc . 
  * prisma skana is more aesthetically pleasing , everyone i know hates using cleavers because of how they look . 
  it 's a matter of preference i guess , both are super strong . 
  if we 're going past 40mins , we stack cps and go with viral + heat elementals . 
  in this case my 5 forma atomos can still easily deal with heavies past 50min . 
  with no cps it usually drops in dmg after 40mins . 
  i reached the point where i would rather slit my wrists than try to farm those and bought them for plat ... unbearably low drop chance unless you have godly rng . 
  sorry bad wording , i meant to say that i bought the whole weapon . 
  `` press e to flay '', 
  if you wan na camp in one room like we did , you do n't need max duration nova . 
  primed continuity ( if you do n't have one then regular continuity + constitution will suffice ) is enough . 
  you do n't want to prime enemies beyond the room you 're camping in . 
  it will slow down the spawn and you 'll run out of oxygen faster . 
  `` keep it you fucker '', 
  it truly is , one of our friends we did this run with has famously bad luck . 
  drekar troopers drop patagium . 
  got it from one of new tileset survivals .
