  i 'm also really enjoying it . 
  haters should acquire utility slot and put in one of them rank10 bulletjump mods . 
  the distance you can cover with bulletjump is ridiculous . 
  [ deathsnacks is your friend ] ( http://deathsnacks.com/wf/ ), 
  i 'm stacked , i have no problems maxing rank10 mods . 
  i 'll gladly take that extra 4.2 % bulletjump . 
  my god that triple crit on viktor ... 
  ahhh possessed abominations and those mini nuke explosions . 
  true , james was super underdeveloped as a character . 
  they did a good job on javik tho . 
  he was also introduced in the last game but had a massive character development through dialog . 
  also taking him for missions and seeing his interactions with other characters was outright hilarious . 
  meanwhile james fell into that stereotypical `` army beefcake '' role . 
  it was suffering from boltor prime syndrome . 
  so overused that ppl started hating it . 
  if you thought that aksomati are ammo inneficient , try twin grakata . 
  creeping bullseye does n't help at all . 
  i took my [ 4 forma twin grakata ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/secondary_weapons/builder/twin_grakatas/t_30_22220030_193-2-5-204-0-10-206-1-5-212-4-3-222-7-5-356-5-3-408-6-5-543-3-10_204-7-206-6-193-6-543-6-212-7-356-7-408-5-222-9/en/3-0-71 ) for 40 wave t3def . 
  had to use 96 large ammo restores . 
  tried max primed pistol ammo mutation . 
  not enough ammo drops . 
  maximum daka requires sacrifices xd, 
  she did n't get any nerfs , why she would n't be good all of a sudden ? 
  if you mod for shattershield and shooting gallery , you 're one of the best tanks in the game . 
  peacemaker build is not the only build you can go for ... 
  regular earth excavation is called lua now . 
  they switched cambria with lua a while back . 
  i knew about e-gate and [ i was one of the ppl who abused the shit out of it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lvlyidk.jpg ) . 
  i knew nothing about a similar strat being applied on cambria . 
  where was the camping spot there ? 
  i 'm curious now . 
  it 's so awesome that i just ca n't stop using it . 
  my 4 forma hek was still oneshotting heavies 90mins into ophelia survival on uranus . 
  interesting , we completely missed out on this . 
  * viral : cuts target 's hp in half for a short duration, 
  * radiation : confuses target , makes him attack closest target to him, 
  * blast : knocks down affected target, 
  * gas : leaves toxic cloud that damages over time, 
  * corrosive : permanently reduces affected target 's armor , can stack, 
  * magnetic : reduces affected target 's shields for a short duration, 
  slash makes targets bleed and lose hp over time , puncture reduces target 's armor for a short duration and impact staggers affected target . 
  i can confirm that he also has smoke screen now . 
  he turned invisible and shrekt the guy who i was playing with . 
  you ca n't do anything when you get this bug . 
  you ca n't shoot , you ca n't pick shit up , you ca n't switch weapons or rez someone . 
  just find a clan that 's willing to accept you just so you could buy the parts and then leave . 
  i do n't get it why some ppl are so categorically against joining a clan , it 's more fun to play wf with a consistent group of ppl . 
  either those grineer in tubes are infested or they 're just imperfect clones with massive defects . 
  tyl regor is trying to fix deteriorating grineer dnr so that makes sense as well . 
  blocking now consumes shields instead of reflecting all dmg and consuming stamina . 
  builds focused on reflection are not viable anymore imo . 
  just get tons of duration and power strength on your chroma , get rage on him and use a weapon with life strike . 
  you 'll be almost unkillable until scorpions or ancients chain multiple pulls to keep you down xd, 
  i actually prefer sure footed . 
  better to avoid getting knocked down in the first place . 
  i usually combine that with constitution which is basically a lesser version of handspring but also gives you duration . 
  enemies can get overshields just like us now . 
  dmg to overshields is shown as purple dmg numbers . 
  rodrick has that ewan mcgregor vibe going on here . 
  as long as there are lazy ppl , shit like this is inevitable . 
  it 's a visual bug , a lot of ppl noticed this . 
  if you check your codex , it says it 's maxed there . 
  they admit that current star map sucks and are working on a second rework . 
  maybe inability to think for themselves ? 
  they need a leader to guide their destructive power . 
  orokin controlled them in the past , now it 's the lotus . 
  yep that 's some metal gear rising shit right there . 
  just because you do n't have it , you do n't need to spread your salt here . 
  synapse does more dmg but it 's single target , amprex has aoe . 
  doomsday lacks those menacing red eyes , other than that a really cool concept . 
  they all were so freaking creepy and intimidating , i was sad that they were dropped from the show : /, 
  handspring or mobilize . 
  mobilize is only 5 mod points and you can really see the difference in bulletjump distance . 
  pfffft the spectre is not even there , nor is anti-monitor . 
  they 're both omnipotent beings . 
  no nekron as well . 
  instead of complaining ppl should start farming . 
  many still do n't know that you can get lots of tellurium from ophelia survival cuz you can make enemies spawn there [ viver style ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bopqgcu.jpg ) . 
  stand in the corner there and enemies will start pouring from all sides at incredible rates . 
  after u17 dropped , i played a lot of ophelia and now i have [ over 300 tellurium ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pldcvq3.jpg ) . 
  it 's ... it 's ... beautiful :'), 
  looks absolutely gorgeous , i hope it turns cernos into a puncture weapon like ballistica . 
  looks like a grineer balloon lol, 
  definitely keep it . 
  it 's a really really good rifle and you ca n't farm it anymore . 
  you might choose between the 2 when latron wraith is re-released . 
  ca n't wait for this . 
  i love dc animation style a lot . 
  this is gon na be awesome . 
  it 's just a big hassle . 
  also solar map is getting reworked and the amount of nodes will be reduced . 
  looks like you triggered afk safeties and game stripped 4th wave reward from you . 
  tonkor does so much dmg that it does n't matter what elemental you 're using up until enemy lvl gets absurdly high . 
  by order of releases , next items to be vaulted are ember prime , glaive prime and sicarus prime . 
  power strength increases frost 's globe 's hp , it also increases dmg of avalanche , ice wave and freeze . 
  i suggest running transient fortitude + intensify on him if you 're going for a globe build but that 's fully up to preference . 
  globe does n't scale with duration anymore . 
  it stays permanently until it gets destroyed or when you destroy it yourself using freeze ability . 
  always check dmg values before deciding if the mod is good or not for your weapon . 
  also play around on [ wf builder ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/ ) to see which build might be better .
