  give it a chance . 
  if you hate it from the start , it 's gon na disappoint you no matter what . 
  played 3 hours so far as scott . 
  i think that tom taylorson does an amazing job voicing him . 
  instantly a lot more relatable than shepard . 
  `` emotional '' speech branch conveys concern/sadness/excitement really well at times . 
  you even get used to those facial expressions after some time . 
  they kinda had to do it . 
  witcher 2 nearly bankrupted them . 
  they had to make it good or go bankrupt . 
  that 's a pretty big motivation , so glad that they pulled it off . 
  all this negativity comes from the fact that some ppl never forgot about ot endings and ea 's dodgy dlc practices of me3 . 
  now those ppl came back to pick on andromeda 's weak points which are weird human/asari character models and twitchy animations while completely ignoring strong points just because they despise ea and bioware . 
  they want the game to fail no matter what and nothing will change their minds . 
  ca n't get the galaxy map tune out of my head . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glowgkaozd4 ) if you wan na listen to it . 
  you just get used to those facial animations after a while but still , it badly needs improvements . 
  you should probably check other threads on this sub . 
  i 'm talking about ppl who do nothing but leave hate comments here for the past couple of weeks or so . 
  nothing but negative and outright insulting comments . 
  bioware was considered to be a quality western rpg developer after dragon age and mass effect success , there was no mass hate . 
  majority liked their games a lot and everyone was happy . 
  everything went downhill with me3 . 
  yep , i was playing default male ryder and i had it . 
  eyelashes were floating above eyelids . 
  let 's hope this gets patched out . 
  a lot of ppl might miss the tactical pause screen and hate streamlined `` only 3 abilities at once '' approach but i absolutely love it . 
  especially multiplayer , combat is an absolute blast . 
  i got salarian infiltrator with widow and spent 4 hours straight just sniping enemies in mp . 
  i think they nailed the gameplay . 
  the game is clearly being rushed out . 
  why ? 
  because they have to meet the deadline set by ea , hence the lack of polish and detail . 
  that 's how business works . 
  ea is notorious for doing that . 
  it 's a legitimate complaint , it turned andromeda into a laughing stock . 
  the game 's most glaring fault is the lack of detail in facial animation department . 
  because we do n't know that much about the quality of the main story yet , ppl are picking on visuals right now . 
  you ca n't take e3 footage seriously because it does n't show actual gameplay , everything is pre-rendered . 
  i 'm assuming you 're talking about [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk_s2opltky ) e3 2016 trailer ? 
  everything there is pre-rendered . 
  our first glimpse at the game was [ official gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-u-qjs0gzc ) from 3 months ago . 
  when i 'm saying lack of polish , i 'm strictly speaking about facial expressions and animations , not entire game . 
  pre-render 's purpose is to make the game look better when in reality it does n't look nearly as detailed . 
  that 's what ubisoft has been doing for years now , hence the constant `` graphical downgrade '' hate they 're getting . 
  you can compare it yourself , go play trial . 
  e3 trailer is purely cinematic . 
  is it safe to do tho ? 
  does n't it breach terms of service ? 
  thanks for the giveaway, 
  making witcher 2 nearly bankrupted them but the game was a success and it got them out of trouble . 
  2008 financial crisis was slowly killing the company , witcher 2 was a big gamble and they pulled it off . 
  10 hours in and i 'm stoked !, 
  loving it so far despite some issues . 
  new game is out and suddenly everyone is a former bioware employee . 
  glassdoor is not reliable source . 
  you meant to say he has bayern dna ? 
  meh , porkins is still cooler . 
  squeezing into that fighter pilot suit was a true battle . 
  depends what choices you mostly pick ( casual , professional , emotional or logical ) , overall ratio of those choices affects your background chatter too . 
  drack : i bet i could still drink this stuff . 
  * liam starts whistling *, 
  ryder : no whistling \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  liam : aww, 
  now with bloom turned to 100 pls !, 
  i do n't see why that 's a problem , she lived with asari for 5 years . 
  you inherit traits from ppl you live with . 
  cora gets a huge reality check during her loyality mission . 
  when you like something/somebody , you tend to ignore the bad things associated with it , that 's how life is . 
  she felt at home for the first time in her life when she was living with asari and she has a hard time letting that life go . 
  there 's absolutely no proof in the game stating that cora is illusive man 's daughter . 
  it 's just a pure speculation due to the same last name they share . 
  i love scott 's voice . 
  most of his casual voice lines gave me a good laugh . 
  he reminds me a lot of chris pine 's captain kirk . 
  it 's not entirely the game 's fault either . 
  yes it has obvious flaws but what game does n't ? 
  it 's the fact that it 's a bioware game and ppl love hating bioware no matter what they do . 
  that was a risky click with the hate train rolling through , you cheeky bastard . 
  an actually working private mp lobby would be nice . 
  every time i play with my friends , they disconnect one or even few at a time , does n't matter who 's hosting . 
  yet if i play with randoms , everything is fine . 
  this is pretty gamebreaking since i love mp . 
  who 's another actor ? 
  constructive criticism is a hard concept to comprehend these days apparently . 
  me : a is a flawed game but treating it like it 's some sort of monstrosity is unfair . 
  this is a fan subreddit after all , you 'll have a tough time finding unbiased ppl here . 
  being critical is perfectly fine , providing feedback is good and all . 
  you 're entitled to your own opinion as long as you elaborate on why you dislike certain aspects . 
  adding some positives is also nice . 
  posts like `` this game sucks , i hate this , i hate that , bioware can fuck off '' should n't exist . 
  i do n't think that dickish behavior should be tolerated . 
  any game fanbase in general can be extremely vicious , as evident by jim sterling/zelda review apocalypse . 
  the kett shotgun that fires big plasma orbs . 
  does insane close range dmg but you need to reload every 2 shots . 
  my milky way combo of revenant , black widow , n7 crusader and carnifex did n't fail me yet . 
  i have all of them with no cooldown penalty . 
  been testing p.a.w. 
  lately and it 's pretty good , exactly like particle rifle from me3 . 
  combat tree,
