  they just waste so much potential and i do n't like o'mara as batman 's voice actor . 
  i think that tv zoom is a combination of zoom from comics and the black flash . 
  we might still see hunter zolomon as the second zoom in later seasons . 
  maybe right now , zoom does n't see barry as a worthy opponent ? 
  if it 's pre-crisis superman , i 'd say they 're about equal . 
  you need duration as well as efficiency now . 
  as with all channeled abilities , efficiency affects how much energy is taken per second and duration affects how frequently energy is taken . 
  acrid is a poison dart secondary . 
  if you mean embolist , it 's not that good . 
  range is low , dmg is ok and ammo efficiency is not the best . 
  that absolutely terrified look on barry 's face, 
  you 're not alone , that fight gave me chills . 
  supernatural is the reason why cw wo n't pick up constantine . 
  they already have their own popular magic-intense show . 
  what they can do is to bring constantine into their legends of tomorrow team . 
  at least as a recurring character . 
  it was n't bad per se , it took a lot of time to get going , last 4 episodes or so were excellent . 
  they made a mistake when they chose `` villain of the week '' route which is always terrible . 
  constantine is not a police procedural . 
  matt ryan was amazing as constantine . 
  volumes from 1 to 4 were excellent , volume 5 was mediocre and after that it became one of the worst flash runs ever . 
  rising darkness plotline , more backstory on what happened in newcastle , the fate of the girl . 
  tons of stuff they could 've done but instead they chose to battle some throwaway bad guys . 
  introduction of jim corrigan was awesome tho . 
  show really kicked in with that baby abduction episode , sadly it was already too late : /, 
  arrow is back baby !, 
  ahhh i love this season, 
  so far the only weapon that has both primed version and prisma version is skana . 
  prisma skana is way better than skana prime . 
  ca n't really compare when there 's only one weapon . 
  prisma skana is crit melee , skana prime is n't . 
  that 's what makes prisma way better . 
  use black energy color if it really bothers you . 
  if that does n't help , turn off bloom . 
  only bran knows that he 's a warg for sure . 
  the are two most possible destinations for jaime in s6 . 
  casterly rock or riverrun . 
  i hope they gon na follow siege of riverrun storyline . 
  it 's a pivotal story arc for jaime that shows how bitter he became after losing his hand and how he wants to keep his vows and redeem his name . 
  it 's excalibur umbra prime , exclusive to chinese founders pack . 
  we 're getting regular excal umbra by the end of this year . 
  somewhere in the middle i think , it 's prolly still unlikely cuz they said that wukong will come out before umbra as well . 
  know what is expected of you if you 're playing draco with a custom group . 
  otherwise do n't play draco at all . 
  atm saryn 's one and only purpose is to run minimum duration , max range , some power strength and spam ult all day . 
  the good , the bad and the ugly, 
  if you do n't have time to read the books , i highly suggest getting audio books . 
  show only covers major plot points and you miss out on a lot of details and interesting characters . 
  varys seeks the restoration of targaryen rule , everyone has his own agenda in game of thrones . 
  there are no good guys per se . 
  ned would 've straight up kicked robb 's ass for the decision he made . 
  avionics drop from orokin storage containers , fuselage is from grineer storage containers and engines from corpus storage containers . 
  why ppl ask this question ? 
  they did n't change anything , it 's just bad rng . 
  deal with it . 
  is n't this a common knowledge ? 
  it 's even on wiki . 
  too early to tell . 
  season one until episode 9 was slow as well . 
  jesse l. martin 's acting is amazing , especially on those emotional scenes , hits me in the heart every ... damn ... time ... 
  marching south to fight lannisters was a good decision ( arguably ) , bedding and wedding jeyne westerling was not . 
  i 'm pretty sure robb knew that duty and honor come first . 
  his parents were the example . 
  `` you should see the other guy '', 
  if they really want to make her a pure caster frame , she should have the same base energy as nova prime . 
  there 's just not enough energy for her to spam these combos , even with max efficiency . 
  i hate rainbow builds and with saryn you need duration , range , power strength and efficiency . 
  now saryn has one of the problems that plagued ember for a loooong time . 
  her abilities scale with everything . 
  i was looking at the picture for 5mins and i ca n't figure it out what you mean ? 
  what oval things ? 
  i do n't think they changed anything with despair since it was released . 
  those are excalibur 's holsters that are attached to his hips . 
  all secondaries rest on them when you have them holstered . 
  in this case daspair 's pouches are attached to them . 
  littlefinger does n't have an army ... 
  no he does n't , a lot of knights of the vale mistrust him and hate him . 
  the vale held a strong neutrality policy since robert 's rebellion and they wo n't break it just because their shady lord protector commands it . 
  especially in the books because yohn royce caught onto his schemes . 
  littlefinger needs to wait for sweetrobin to be older so he could manipulate sweetrobin into doing his bidding ( in the books he wants to off sweetrobin and put sansa into position of power through marriage with harrold hardyng who is a heir to sweetrobin ) . 
  yeah ofc he needs more mobility , that 's always good for the game ... 
  thorne getting shanked by tormund . 
  the only living person who can confirm r+l = j is howland reed cuz he was there at the tower of joy with ned . 
  i wonder if the show will introduce him , he 's in full hermit mode since robert 's rebellion . 
  both howland 's children jojen and meera mentioned him while talking to bran . 
  i do n't see any other way how jon can be informed on his real parentage . 
  gratz , plat is even worse, 
  plat has bronze decisionmaking, 
  i always thought that he can just hold onto ppl and envelop them with speed force aura , that 's why he can transport other non-speedsters by carrying them . 
  answer is always speed force . 
  he named double down from arrow episode 3 this season so that still counts . 
  it 's as close as you can get to comic book version . 
  i like it , grant could be a bit more buff but he said he wo n't start juicing just to look more like comic book barry . 
  dolorous edd and dick crabb . 
  imagine the banter between the two . 
  first animated appearence of dickbats ever if i 'm not mistaken . 
  what 's not to be excited about ? 
  this movie wo n't be something amazing and groundbreaking like the killing joke but i 'm still gon na watch it and enjoy it . 
  hated son of batman and batman vs robin was ok , let 's hope this one improves on the last one . 
  i like injustice flash .
