  sovereign has no reason to believe otherwise . 
  reaper track record speaks for itself . 
  they already annihilated countless civilizations before shepard 's time . 
  it 's just another casual genocide for them . 
  there 's no reason to believe that benefactor is im/cerberus and the initiative was a cerberus project . 
  no proof . 
  just a pure speculation at this point but i think that benefactor is a group of ppl who funded cerberus ( unlimited resources ) , they found out about reapers from im . 
  they brought dna sequences of animals so they could clone them once they settle down . 
  while talking to vetra we find out that they even brought cat dna , so animal cloning is pretty widespread . 
  that 's the only way they could do it . 
  it 's unlikely that animals would survive stasis , not to mention limited amount of space . 
  you can ignore pretty much everything in `` tasks '' folder in your journal . 
  those are just repetitive fetch quests to give you extra exp if you need it . 
  they have no influence on the story . 
  look at it as a spinoff of original trilogy . 
  you 'll enjoy it way more that way . 
  lower your expectations . 
  me : a is pretty similar to me1 with some da : inquisition mixed in there . 
  kai leng does have a backstory but all of it is in novels . 
  it was a terrible idea to just throw him in me3 , the last entry of the series with no build up . 
  he should 've been introduced in me2 as a squadmate instead of jacob . 
  his bad guy role in me3 would be much more natural . 
  it 's hard to tell you something without spoiling but they 're trying to set up a lot of plot points for future installments . 
  some of your choices might have lasting repercussions . 
  that 's all i 'm gon na say . 
  they 're more subtle this time around , not throwing a shitload of plot exposition in your face like in me1 . 
  hell yeah , best close range weapon to shred any enemy , even on insanity ng + . 
  when it comes to sniper rifles , i prefer semi auto drm isharay . 
  quarians obtained those andromeda scans from the geth telescope they found beyond perseus veil . 
  that 's how they bought their way into the initiative . 
  initiative helped them build their own ark in return . 
  ai was a civilian project , everybody knew about it but almost everybody dismissed it as pointless nonsense . 
  only the artificial intelligence part of it was conducted in secret . 
  cora and drack have this seemingly antagonistic rivalry going between them but eventually they sort things out . 
  drack even consoles cora after her loyalty mission . 
  i thought that was very cool of him . 
  cora is a mix of miranda 's and jocob 's personalities but without the thing i despise , daddy issues ... overused garbage plot point and it 's so prominent in bioware 's games . 
  it 's like they do n't know how to create conflict so they just throw in daddy issues , every damn time . 
  he stole a sweet roll , penalty is death . 
  you can only find your squadmates at the nexus when you dock . 
  remaining personnel stays on tempest . 
  [ there 's a consensus in alien fanbase about 2 different factions of engineers . 
  supposedly , both are seen in prometheus . 
  the creators who seeded life on earth and destroyers who created that black goo pathogen . 
  ] ( #spoiler ), 
  he 's always surrounded by his minions for protection . 
  name one scene where he 's by himself . 
  he never fires a single shot , he does n't even have a gun with him . 
  he was set up as a leader , not a fighter . 
  it 's pretty safe to assume that he has no combat prowess , there 's no proof against this claim . 
  heckin front-facing camera !, 
  the game is not what it could 've been . 
  lots and lots of wasted potential . 
  even if bioware does n't want to admit it , they had a lot of problems when developing me : a , it 's very obvious when looking at the concept stuff and test footage of drack 's loyalty mission . 
  it 's not even the story for the most part , the game as a whole suffers from incredible lack of polish , it 's so bare bones . 
  5 year development period was not enough . 
  to me it feels like for a large chunk of those 5 years , they were desperately grasping for ideas on how to make me : a work and then started working on it with less than 2 years to go . 
  they hired all the wrong ppl to design core parts of the game . 
  even with all its flaws , the game still managed to capture some of that quintessential me charm . 
  drack 's medbay scene , jaal 's character development , excellent squad banter etc. 
  also , someone should explain to that lady what mcguffin is . 
  not gon na bother watching a discussion with ppl who ca n't take anything seriously . 
  from me3 we know that long range communicators were the first target of the reapers . 
  separation is one of their strategies . 
  when intergalactic communication is down or in disarray , it 's almost impossible to coordinate retaliatory strike . 
  it 's highly likely that most communicators were down or used for more important tasks . 
  also , consider that the initiative was never taken seriously , it was a civilian project and governments refused to be involved . 
  it was said in the game that turian hierarchy was kept in the dark on purpose . 
  what a wholesome guy . 
  it 's impossible not to like him . 
  raeka is amazing . 
  first salarian female we see throwing down in a fight and she 's a badass . 
  supports ryder all the way to return the favor too . 
  he just buckled due to his own weight . 
  it 's all good . 
  if you do n't like anything , nobody is forcing you to like the game . 
  it 's a matter of opinion , i think it gets a lot better after about 10 hours . 
  so you 're one of those ppl who like plot exposition dumped on them like in the first 10mins on normandy at the start of me1 ? 
  i 'd rather have it sprinkled across the game in audio log form . 
  governor of aya says that ryder and his crew are the first outsiders to ever set foot on aya . 
  i think she meant to say that this is the first official contact between milky way races and main governing body of angara . 
  thx for sharing , that was incredibly educational . 
  he took a pretty nasty spill while saving her as well . 
  what a guy . 
  instead of being a stark bastard , he 's a targaryen bastard . 
  unless there 's a proof of marriage but everyone who was close to rhaegar and might 've shed some light on this matter is dead . 
  you ca n't exactly prove this with visions . 
  there 's absolutely no prejudice against germans . 
  germany is viewed extremely positively . 
  we actually strive to be more like germany but current economic situation and corruption are slowing the progression . 
  russian situation is more complicated . 
  many russian speaking ppl settled here during ussr era and they 're heavily integrated into our society . 
  it 's been so long that we learned to accept them as our own . 
  i 'm half russian , half lithuanian myself . 
  i can tell you from first hand experience that i never had any problems because of my russian surname or that i speak russian . 
  if they go through with this , paying taxes wo n't be that much fun either . 
  middle/lower class ppl will suffer from this the most . 
  from last season we know that lyanna did n't tell ned that she married rhaegar before she died so there 's no reason to assume that howland knew either . 
  even if he knew , nobody would take his word for it . 
  yes , ned obviously knew that jon is rhaegar 's son , but lyanna did n't say anything about marriage .
