to me it only happens when shooting near excavators , happens with penta and tonkor as well . 
  [ this is how usually ppl mod zoren ] ( http://warframe-builder.com/melee_weapons/builder/dual_zoren/t_30_400000001_224-7-5-226-3-5-239-6-5-241-1-5-244-5-5-247-4-5-254-2-5-292-8-3-321-0-0_321-2-241-11-254-11-226-9-247-9-244-9-239-9-224-9-292-10/en/4-0-32 ) . 
  you can use this as a guideline . 
  crit mods , point strike and 2 elementals are a core . 
  looks hella cool , i need dis !, 
  this excal skin will be released at some point , it was previewed couple of devstreams ago . 
  op is prolly referring to [ this bug ] ( http://i.imgur.com/us40w0d.jpg ) . 
  this is draco btw . _ . 
  there 's no reason to dislike him apart from that he fucked up hard when he decided to sell poachers he caught to some passing slavers . 
  all for love ... he 's the bad luck brian of westeros . 
  deus ex arima coming in to fuck shit up . 
  well , baelish is a lord paramount of the riverlands and he 's the ruler of the vale until robin comes of age . 
  on paper he 's one of the most powerful lords in westeros but reality is different . 
  riverlands are a smoking ruin torn by rebellion and lords of the vale hate him and mistrust him ( rightfully so ) . 
  his concern is justified , i would n't trust the ppl i fought couple of weeks ago . 
  varys killing kevan and pycelle would be a true wtf moment to end s5 . 
  ending it with night 's watch mutiny would be too cruel . 
  what an awful and annoying character she is . 
  loved hound vs brienne fight as well . 
  northeners would never kneel to a man who was instrumental in ned stark 's execution and the destruction of house stark . 
  those who read adwd know who northeners would follow , at least house manderly . 
  i like to play my 95 % dmg reduction mesa, 
  use terminal velocity on your quanta and take zephyr with a jetstream augment and some power strength . 
  you can actually make tonkor into a rocket launcher with this method , it 's grenades will explode on impact . 
  no , i was using this today for my triton core farming , i 'm pretty sure it 's intended . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` davos going to skagos in hopes of finding rickon '' ) . 
  ahhh shit , that would be so hype, 
  lannisters know , namely cersei . 
  she can use this and drag littlefinger down with her . 
  azor ahai prophesy is super cryptic . 
  all fingers point to dany that she 's azor ahai but she has nothing to do with white walker plotline anytime soon . 
  you mean the lord oaf of highgarden ? 
  omg omg omg this episode was the purest form of hype !, 
  that 's not even guaranteed to work . 
  greyscale might still spread even after the affected limb 's removal . 
  i think it 's awesome . 
  it was never shown in the books what happened at hardhome because jon never went there . 
  he sent cotter pyke , the commander of eastwatch-by-the-sea instead . 
  one of the best changes from the books for me . 
  tyrion was asking dany to spare him so dany banished him for the second time instead of executing jorah . 
  we do n't know how well informed white walkers are , it definitely was not a coincidence . 
  tormund yelled at him `` wun wun , to the sea ! '', 
  many ppl missed that cuz of all those screams and ppl getting slaughtered . 
  most of more prominent noble houses have one valyrian steel sword that 's being passed down from generation to generation . 
  usually the head of that house is wielding it as a symbol of authority . 
  valyria is was the ancestral home of targaryens . 
  the the most advanced empire the world has ever known . 
  it was positioned on top of active volcanic area . 
  the doom of valyria happened when all volcanoes erupted for unknown reason and wiped out the entire civilization and most of targeryens with it in a matter of hours , it 's speculated that magic was involved . 
  now it 's like a bermuda triangle , ships that get near , disappear without a trace . 
  it 's believed to be cursed . 
  greyscale is a highly contagious disease that hardens your skin and internal organs . 
  when it affects your brain , you go mad . 
  shireen had this disease when she was an infant . 
  stannis did everything in his power to stop the disease and save her life . 
  it is said that vinegar and scalding hot baths slow the progression of the disease but the cure is unknown . 
  the white walkers ( white-skinned dudes with wrinkled faces and blue eyes ) and their army of wights ( the undead ) attacked the wildling camp . 
  where they go , the cold follows so the storm started right before the attack . 
  the white walkers reanimate the dead to fight for them . 
  thousands of years ago the wall was built to keep the white walkers away . 
  aegon was n't even born when valyria got destroyed . 
  targeryens already lived on dragonstone ( stannis ' castle in the show ) when aegon was born i believe . 
  most likely yes , mormont is a dead man walking , although the greyscale can take months or years to kill a man . 
  wights ( the undead ) are controlled by magic , magic keeps them moving , they can only be killed with fire . 
  actually , at the start of his conquest aegon only had around 1,6 k men . 
  the dragons were the main force . 
  those 3 dragons , controlled by aegon and his 2 sisterwives annihilated entire armies of highgarden and casterly rock . 
  `` there are worse ways to die than warm and drunk . 
  i knew a brother drowned himself in wine once . 
  it was a poor vintage , though , and his corpse did not improve it . '', 
  this one is my favorite , he 's such an awesome character . 
  that 's actually not true , ice was even lighter than a regular longsword because of valyrian steel . 
  it was fun for pvp oneshotting but de nerfed that as well - __ -, 
  dayum , both augments are awful . 
  limbo one seems very situational and contagion does n't do enough dmg to make full use of it : /, 
  they said it 's in u17, 
  infested getting their own bullet sponge ? 
  now it 's gon na be even more annoying to fight infested ... de pls remove scorpion hooks from ancients, 
  this was the dragon glass sam , edd and grenn found near fist of the first men during the great ranging . 
  yes , it 's fucking horrible xd, 
  most of this list is outdated . 
  tonkor should be at the top of `` primaries '' instead of kohm , synoid is not endurance run weapon anymore etc. 
  bladestorm is armor ignoring dmg so it 's better is your team is not stacking 4cps although peacemaker is faster . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` drogon and daznak 's pit . 
  it 's gon na be epic as shit . '' ), 
  it makes sense if they 're setting up greyjoys for season 6 . 
  one of the casting requirements for season 6 sounds like euron greyjoy . 
  well , the life of a beggar made him bitter and angry . 
  he was called `` the beggar king '' for a reason . 
  he was traveling all over essos , pleading for support so he could reclaim the throne for targeryens but he had the shittiest luck . 
  in the end , his massive sense of entitlement and arrogance killed him . 
  we has n't inherently evil like joffrey or ramsay . 
  i 'm like most of the book readers want to know more about ashai . 
  mystical and cursed place melissandre and quaithe comes from . 
  that 's the scary thing about them , we do n't know what 's their endgame is . 
  no one knew what their endgame was the first time they attacked as well but the first men and children of the forest beat them back and raised the wall to keep them as far north as possible . 
  meatball needs to eat less meatballs . 
  you 'll get there . 
  building up your op gear and maxing all those rank 10 mods takes quite some time and patience . 
  yeah it 's fun to see for how long you can go and push yourself to the limit .
