  stofler defense on lua is another good alternative . 
  if you want something faster and more difficult , you run high lvl spy missions or adaro on sedna with naramon shadow step passive for stealth kills and massive exp . 
  loved him in house of cards and in luke cage . 
  i 'm glad to see that he landed a big role in hollywood . 
  the cast is amazing . 
  they just need a good script . 
  i really want this to be good . 
  mahershala ali was absolutely amazing as cottonmouth . 
  so was mike colter as the lead . 
  both have so much charisma , they just own every scene they 're in . 
  i loved seeing verbal battle between them and their clashing ideologies . 
  good idea on paper but ai in wf is so stupid that your kavat or kubrow wo n't pick up half of the loot . 
  takes only one asshole to ruin wf community 's reputation . 
  de did n't deserve this , even if their game changes can be questionable sometimes . 
  especially not rebecca !, 
  after almost 3 years , misa prime is still the best looking syandana in the game . 
  besides prime access or tennogen ones , i 'd say yomo and palatine syandanas are the most universal . 
  do n't mention that name , ever again . 
  also prepare to get mauled by aggp 's fanboys . 
  i agree , cottonmouth 's death was unnecessary but diamondback did n't bother me . 
  the moment shades started talking about diamondback , i instantly knew that he 's gon na be the main villain . 
  showrunners stuck to comic book roots and i appreciate that . 
  i do n't want another full fledged superhero drama like jessica jones . 
  each show needs to have a unique style . 
  it 's really really hard to challenge a person who 's nearly impervious to physical dmg . 
  just because you like your 50 shades of brown and blue , that does n't mean that you can judge other ppl 's colour schemes . 
  fashionframe embraces all . 
  at least it 's not that eye cancer infested colour pack scheme that keeps popping up from time to time . 
  i was talking about something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dvifb9r.jpg ) . 
  i see more and more ppl using this kind of stuff , straight out of someone 's acid trip nightmare ... 
  looks like he 's out of money . 
  let 's win this, 
  guaranteed slash procs on slide attacks that ignore armor and do finisher dmg . 
  of course it 's more effective than tonkor at killing heavily armored enemies . 
  ppl take atterax over telos boltace because its passive ca n't stack blood rush , you need to land direct hits on enemies which means you need to be relatively close to them due to boltace 's low base reach . 
  this makes telos boltace inferior in a lot of ways but that does n't mean it 's a bad weapon . 
  me and my clanmates did a [ 3 hour sedna survival ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2w4zep1.jpg ) last week and one of them had gas telos boltace with maiming build . 
  he got 1,4 k kills just by sliding around , his procs were burning down lvl300 + enemies . 
  actually , justin hammer is doing time in the same prison luke escaped from , seagate prison . 
  remember that he got arrested in iron man 2 . 
  someone else is running his company, 
  it 's been like this for months . 
  really needs a fix ... 
  nanoboosted symmetra is one of the most terrifying things in this game ... 
  it 's the `` arthur 's fist '' meme . 
  because you can do [ this ] ( https://gfycat.com/thriftyafraidindianpangolin ) . 
  there 's an overwatch hero called ana . 
  her ultimate ability temporarily boosts other player 's dmg output by 50 % , gives 50 % dmg reduction and 30 % movement speed . 
  symmetra has a `` lock-on '' primary fire mode that does n't require you to aim , it does a lot of dmg already by itself but with the boost you can nearly instakill anything but tank heroes . 
  it 's really hard to escape too thx to the speed increase . 
  i get where you 're going with this but if my brother brought a wanted criminal and a vigilante to our home , i 'd want her out too . 
  he does n't know better . 
  i think it 's too soon to judge him . 
  they could 've used it to erase last 3 seasons of fuck ups . 
  like bringing back a proper huntress and black canary . 
  flashpoint was a massive disappointment . 
  both in arrow and flash . 
  telos boltace passive does n't stack blood rush , only direct attacks do . 
  pretty much denying any genji or tracer main for the rest of the game . 
  this movie is going to break my heart, 
  hell of a character . 
  every diamond hanzo but only if he 's on your team . 
  if he 's on enemy team , he lands only headshots all game and buries your team . 
  baseless rumor , nothing is confirmed yet and upcoming logan does n't fit into the rest of x-men continuity . 
  it 's like an alternate reality story , like the old man logan comic before logan went back in time . 
  syndicates . 
  you can also trade them with other players . 
  use primed flow instead of streamline , equilibrium will keep you stacked on energy , you do n't need efficiency that much . 
  all of his augs are just great , which makes me want a dedicated augment slot on our frames . 
  that would be sick . 
  arcane pulse is absolutely amazing for fixing this issue . 
  it 's not that expensive either if you decide to buy full set . 
  you can buy them separate for 20p each if you 're patient . 
  i think it 's 600 years since first moon landing . 
  `` 600 years from where we stand now '' made and impression on me that me : a takes place 600 years after the first moon landing which means almost 400 years since the original trilogy . 
  arc looks too advanced for 2186 , shepard 's time . 
  what ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i got one right next to my home planet yesterday when i started new save . 
  all 3 planets had different primitive civilizations inhabiting them . 
  you ca n't crit on shields , by the time they reached high waves , they could n't take down the shields of enemies . 
  me : a takes place 600 years after sovereign 's attack on the citadel . 
  [ here 's some info ] ( http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1309671 ), 
  if he 's not the villain of season 3 , i 'll be disappointed . 
  tactical potato is the biggest wf streamer , due to his massive youtube following . 
  that and also there are no a list hollywood asian female actors . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's going to be pg13 movie , they ca n't show that . 
  rko out of nowhere !!, 
  we do n't know anything about rider 's backstory , maybe one of his backstories is that he followed his father 's footsteps in becoming an n7 but left milky way galaxy before finishing the training . 
  when they 're not trying to kill you , cats can be so adorable . 
  we 're talking about pre-me3 cerberus here btw . 
  it just makes perfect sense that they should be involved or at least mentioned . 
  strange that cerberus has nothing to do with a program , meant to further humanity 's interests . 
  infiltrator . 
  i just love sniper rifles in me franchise . 
  mantis , widow , black widow , javelin . 
  to me there 's nothing more satisfying than popping someone 's head across the field . 
  always thought that was a foreshadowing of the crucible kid . 
  really ? 
  are we still doing this ?
