  the goal and the missions of the french army , settled by the government or the assembly is more or less ( a bit less , i 'll give you that ) in accord with it 's funding and equipment . 
  outside of our territory , we except our army to engage herself in peace keeping operations , preferably in a un coalition context . 
  we do not except her , at the moment , to be able to bomb the shit out of a country during months or to be able to invade let 's say irak in order to overthrow it 's government by herself . 
  `` the mission of the armed forces is envisaged over a short period , from several weeks to several months . '', 
  ( white paper on defence and national security ) and according to the wp article posted before this discussion it is question of over 800 strikes in a month , it 's not something that we do every year you know , carrying over 800 strikes in a one month period . 
  1940 * :d . but my point still stand imo , germany did n't become a war machine in two days , nazy party came to power in 1933 , rhineland was remilitarized in 1936 ( and with it came the siegfried line which made an offensive from france more difficult ) , then anschluss and munich agreement happened in 1938 . 
  we had time to stop hitler , france did n't need to be in full war mode from 1918 to 1935 `` just in case '' but we iniated a massive rearmament in 1936 when things smelled bad so we were more ready than during the 20 's . 
  we played poorly and did n't figured how to combine arms as effectively as the germans but it does n't mean we did nothing when germany began to be a serious threat and it will be the same if any country begin to be one . 
  and btw the allies had more tanks and artillery than the germans during the invasion of western europe . 
  did n't stop germany to win this round , so reading comments about how not having enough bombs to carpet bombing lybia is a disgrace or whatever is amusing . 
  i think pumping money into research is more effective than pumping money into making bombs that will sit in a hangar so we can bomb fucking lybia all by ourself if the need arise . 
  what would be the point ? 
  be capable of saying ` ho yes , we tripled our stock of bombs but now we can bomb lybia without help , france is strong stop surrender jokes pls ' ? 
  it 's plain dumb imo . 
  if an all out war happens , we know damn well that every fucking human being and every factory in the country will contribute to the war effort and our productivity of ammunitions will be over the roof . 
  i would assume it 's because we have no countries who threaten us , wtf would we have enough bombs to sustain a war against say russia right now ? 
  waste of money and ressources if you ask me . 
  but if europe takes the path of war i assume our stockpile will be of another dimension . 
  war between major forces will not come suddenly , it 's not like putin will wake up tomorrow and decide that he 's in the mood for ww3 , if there 's war in the air i think we will be more ready . 
  that 's what is mind blowing , they raised their concerns in sept 2015 but nobody gave a shit . 
  if the population of wallonia have concerns about ceta , the parliament should n't agree to ratify it but express why they are against it to see if a common ground is possible . 
  and that 's what they do but some people are going crazy on this sub when democracy is working as intended . 
  rofl , as if they could have any significant effects yet especially since some parts of it will not be effective before 2017 . 
  well i have my harpoon in the trunk of the car during summer ... and if it 's a small beach ( with rocks and shit nearby ) it 's perfectly reasonnable to bring it . 
  the probl\u00e8me is to use it against people , it 's not personot very civilized . 
  maybe it 's true but i think he just invented the numbers . 
  and since i live in marseille i can tell you : it 's not that bad , most of the time they are even friendly . 
  yes , the guy who sell fruits in my street is doing his 5 prayers per day but he have a french flag in his shop since the euro so it 's ok i guess . 
  my friends always say these two , they are not awkard when you are used to it but the first time i was a bit surprised , it 's like when they say salam instead of bonjour when the pizza guy is arab . 
  well to be honest if i voted for a guy and a coup was on going i will not stay still . 
  maybe not ready to die but i would probably be in the streets . 
  if your cheese do n't stink it 's not cheese bro . 
  you have no idea what you talking about , i do n't deny that we do have a problem but do n't think that there is some guys waiting to beat the shit out of you and steal you at every corner . 
  lived in marseille my whole life , never had a problem , do n't be a dick and nobody will give a fuck about you . 
  if you end up in an argument do n't escalate things , do n't be a cowboy , be calm and it will be ended in 3 min max , even with the so feared french-arab people . 
  i do n't deny that people can be agressive here , but it 's not a french-arab thing only ... and right now it 's ramadan so most of those who are outside by 10pm just wants to drink coffee and play cards after dining with their family ... brrrrr . 
  i also have the impression that they are always 10 minimum ... 
  i 'll vote for my ideas , thank you very much . 
  if fillon go to the 2nd round i 'll abstain . 
  ( not sure about macron ) if the sole argument for me to vote in the second turn is `` muhhh fn '' then fuck it . 
  neither fillon or le pen deserves my vote and i 'm tired of voting against my ideas . 
  the fn is used to secure the 2nd turn of many elections but nothing is done to stop their rise . 
  fuck it , we 'll reap what we have sown . 
  i 'll give you one fine tip : when eric ciotti try to say something just do n't listen to him or try to process what he 's trying to say , it 's useless and most of the time he 's full of shit . 
  it 's never black and white but we certainly have a part of responsability . 
  how the fuck do you want a son of immigrant stuck in a banlieux with no futur to react when he learns about things like la folie in nanterre ( a slum of 20 hectares where we dumped working immigrants we imported to re build our country ) ? 
  i would have nothing but anger toward this country who put himself so high , who talk about human right or morality but treated my parents or grand-parents like shit . 
  it 's not self shaming , it 's acknowledging what we have done , we imported them to rebuild the country without planning or thinking about how we wanted things to go and we treated them like shit . 
  end of the story , now can we move forward ? 
  `` it has failed '' . 
  no it has not . 
  i count some of them as my friends and they deserves every fucking piece of their citizenship and i want them by my sides in this country . 
  i do n't say we do n't have problem of integrations , but we also have sucess and we must not be bigotted idiot , it would be as dumb as being the opposite ( that i think ) you despise so much . 
  again , things are never black and white . 
  it 's not it has worked or it has failed . 
  it 's both . 
  the fear of the populist electorate are legitimate and i even share them to a certain degree ( no , france will not collapse in 2 years ffs ) but the easy answer which consist of saying `` fuckin muslims who do n't integrate let 's spit our hate on em and throw pork sausage at them so they know it 's france , country of wine and charcuterie '' will achieve nothing . 
  never worked and never will . 
  and i 'm always fucking impressed how the few sons or grand-sons of harkis i know ( one of them is one of my best friend so we talked a bit about that , it 's still a touchy subject in their families ) are chill about the way we treated them ( for those who do n't know , we parked them in camps for 15 years guarded by military police with shit like curfew ) and how well integrated they are . 
  i have nothing but respect for them for how they approach their history , time is great healer i guess but still . 
  building reactors now would be dumb , that is clear . 
  it would be cool but dumb ( i love dem neutrons splitting shit , what can i say ) the window for nuclear energy is over but i 'm just saying that we could have done much more , that the field of possibility was much larger than what we have explored and we could have prevented a lot of future problem if we ( and by we it 's the west , france did his part imo ) had decided to do so instead of going full retard with fossil energies ( but it was too good to be ignored i guess ) . 
  we did not and i 'm all for closing the chapter of nuclear energy , it was fucking glorious but it 's coming to an end . 
  well , the chapter is far from over because decomissioning will take at least 50years . 
  maybe more . 
  and it 's so late i need to sleep , good night man . 
  i dont suggest anything because it 's too late for this discussion anyway . 
  renewable energies are coming and the development of the next gen is stopped . 
  the epr is just an improvement of our current rpw and we dont even know if it will be working one day . 
  what i 'm saying is nuclear energy could have been the bridge between fossil energies and renewables energy , at least for us the rich part of this world . 
  it 's too late for that and we will fill the remaining years with fossil energies , increasing the odds of a really painfull climate change . 
  we played badly if you ask me but i know it is easy to say it after the fact . 
  yes but it 's a bit late for that . 
  we have a big problem coming at us in france for example . 
  the firsts pwr we built do n't have much years left , the epr is far from ready , areva is in deepshit and since super ph\u00e9nix is dead we ca n't bet on a 4th gen coming anytime soon . 
  and there 's no political will to go for another 30-50 years of nuclear . 
  ca n't blame them tho , money is tight , people are skeptical and launching the development of a new park while handling the decomissionng of the old one would be a money sink and a nightmare . 
  just for this winter edf was forced to close a lot of reactors for inspection and this will be tight . 
  basically , we will have a void where we do n't have enough nuclear energy anymore while renewable energies are not fully ready to sustain our consumption yet . 
  it will be a fun ride , our electricity is cheap for now but in a few years ... 
  and i 'm interested in hearing how you deal with an auto sustained climate change when we dont even know what the impact of an ice-sea free summer ( projected for ~ 2030 ) in north pole will really be on global climate . 
  who knows where we could be if we kept invested in nuclear ? 
  it would n't be perfect but things like fast neutrons reactors produce less wastes for exemple . 
  i wo n't bother you with the details but its significant . 
  sure right now it can be nasty ( sodium or lead use can go badly ) but again , we dont know where we could be . 
  we are also capable of re using the plutonium created in the reactors and the non fissile uranium ( instead of 8 units of uox wastes you now have one unit of mox waste ) and we could be more efficient , like recycling the mox for another cycle . 
  but we chose not to . 
  and finally , no industrial process is safe so chose your poison . 
  but as i said earlier in this thread it 's a bit late for that so ... as someone who will certainly work in this field , i 'll just specialize in decommissioning but i think it 's a bit underwhelming . 
  we put so much in this technology but we 'll just keep some reactors to be sure we can bomb each other if the need arise . 
  nah she wo n't have the parliament . 
  right now fn have like 3 or 4 deputies and 0 senators and i doubt fn would get more if she wins , they dont have enough presence at a local level , especially since parties usually call for voting against the fn in the second round no matter who is against them . 
  and i can imagine both les r\u00e9publicains and ps making a stand against her in the assembly . 
  she would be able to do some stuff but not that much imo . 
  check jean lasalle altough idk if there 's a lot of stuff in english about him . 
  idk about that , the turks i know here ( marseille ) are either kurds or just do n't give af and are not really religious - ie drink alcohol and do n't observe ramadan - . 
  they ca n't really write in decent french but are hardworking and integrated enough and their childs are as french as i 'm . 
  and tbh sometimes they say some shit that would make the fn jealous and i 'm all ` wtf did kessi just said ? 
  does he know he 's also tanned ? 
  i may inform him about that ' .
