  i am so annoyed by the whole word `` multicultural '' . 
  it is an euphemism for `` a neighborhood where 80 % of the people are muslims from morocco '' in my country . 
  please tell us more about our own countries , oh american . 
  in france there are currently 2300 mosques , so something like 4 % of all mosques . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i thought it 'd be like 20 % or so , turned out to be 50 % . 
  overestimated or underestimated ? 
  i was thinking mostly about non-western immigrants when moving that slider , and 5 % is correct for non western immgrants at least for my country . 
  i ranked # 1 too . 
  i got very close with the amount of working women , amount if female mps and computer/cellphone connectivity . 
  the overestimations of amount of immigrants in a country are interesting to say the least . 
  i actually slightly underestimated it ( 5 % , whereas the real figure is 10 % ) . 
  oh do tell !, 
  there is a story in there !, 
  reminds me of my grandfather telling jokes about hitler when i was a little younger . 
  correct . 
  [ the stock prizes of weapon manufacturers rose immensely after the paris attacks . 
  ] ( https://theintercept.com/2015/11/16/stock-prices-of-weapons-manufacturers-soaring-since-paris-attack/ ), 
  [ many european countries are more developed than your country at least ] ( http://i.imgur.com/72hfcvu.png ), 
  i 'd like to think those represent south ossetia and abkhazia : two weak balls of bullshit that are nothing when not attached to their master russia . 
  that happens in polls . 
  people are usually allowed to indocate that they are `` undecided '' or `` not sure '' . 
  shaking my head at smh ( still laughing at that acronym ) , they are grossly mistaken and uninformed if they think that turkey has a chance to become an eu member . 
  why did you block out the party names ? 
  the belarus government is certainly mostly a puppet regime of the kremlin at this point , but i am positive many belorussians are not that fond of russia . 
  russians are too busy hating other countries to care about what other countries think of russia . 
  your country is doing a hell lot better than russia on almost all fronts . 
  i am reminded of the video game prison architect . 
  in that game , riots tend to break out most often in the canteen during lunch . 
  the bilderberg group and various yugoslavian mafiosi, 
  to be fair , the danish deserve a beating ^ ( please love me , sweden ), 
  de gaulle , juan carlos , elizabeth , and garibaldi have put on weight , jeez !, 
  * foreign relief rejected by the state . 
  * scholars disagree on the relative importance of natural factors and bad economic policies as causes of the famine but believe it was a long term plan of joseph stalin , an attempt to eliminate the ukrainian independence movement . 
  * michael ellman of the university of amsterdam argues that , in addition to deportations , internment in the gulag camps and shootings , there is evidence that stalin used starvation as a weapon in his war against the peasantry . 
  he analyses the actions of the soviet authorities , two of commission and one of omission : ( i ) exporting 1.8 million tonnes of grain during the mass starvation ( enough to feed more than five million people for one year ) , ( ii ) preventing migration from famine afflicted areas ( which may have cost an estimated 150,000 lives ) and ( iii ) making no effort to secure grain assistance from abroad ( which caused an estimated 1.5 million excess deaths ) , as well as the attitude of the stalinist regime in 1932 -- 33 that many of those starving to death were `` counterrevolutionaries '' , `` idlers '' or `` thieves '' who fully deserved their fate . 
  * genocide scholar adam jones stresses that many of the actions of the soviet leadership during 1931 -- 32 should be considered genocidal . 
  not only did the famine kill millions , it took place against `` a backdrop of persecution , mass execution , and incarceration clearly aimed at undermining ukrainians as a national group '' * `` grain supplies were sufficient to sustain everyone if properly distributed . 
  people died mostly of terror-starvation ( excess grain exports , seizure of edibles from the starving , state refusal to provide emergency relief , bans on outmigration , and forced deportation to food-deficit locales ) , not poor harvests and routine administrative bungling . '', 
  - economist steven rosefielde all from wikipedia . 
  check out the holodomor article , it also has academic sources for all these statements . 
  not true . 
  many languages do n't have a neuter gender at all . 
  i literally just randomly happened and my parents rolled with it . 
  they just happened to accidentally get my mum pregnant when having sex one time . 
  not everyone is planned . 
  remove patat seems to have succeeded this time, 
  gib mod and i can be your favourite mod ( try to read this in a sexy accent while thinking of the radiant , flawless face of willem-alexander ), 
  it 's a satirical article . 
  `` in unexplained events , a belgian aircraft carrier was seen painstakingly navigating the euphrates river near raqqa . 
  daesh combatants were reported to be fleeing the region for their home caliphate of al-france . '', 
  read the article . 
  you 're quickly becoming my favourite mod here . 
  * you have been surprise-aansluit 'd by the dank willem of tasty oranges and black petes . 
  accept your new sub-sealevel overlords or die . 
  o jee , i angered the belgian gods . 
  the wrath of heaven ( ly beer ) is upon me . 
  i fell for it for half a minute or so . 
  #this post has now been certified by a brit as `` top bantz '' ^ tm, 
   this ship is supposed to be under the command of the benelux admiralty all of belgium should be under command of the dutch crown . 
  the pax belgica is that which maintains global peace . 
  transgressions are put down with an iron fist and victories are celebrated with delicious beer and patat . 
   a single tugboat manned by seven men . 
  sounds like the premise of a sailor 's song . 
  americans are being mocked , that 's what 's going on here !, 
  a lot of people fall for his trolling because it is nearly believable enough that some gullible people take the time out of their day to respond to him with walls of text . 
  it is annoying really , it shits up threads and the shtick is n't really funny anymore . 
  if it was , this thread would be upvoted , i think . 
   the problem remains that if you are denied asylum the gov still ca n't send all people back to their home countries . 
  you put them on a plane back , by force . 
  this should n't be hard at all . 
  why you are not banned yet is beyond me . 
  yeah duh , that is part of the local ordnances . 
  you ca n't just carry open containers of alcohol everywhere , most dutch cities have that shit outlawed . 
  fact-checking someone 's story in various ways is an established part of the asylum process in the netherlands at least . 
  ask them to describe their town . 
  cross-reference this with verified accounts by people with knowledge of that area . 
  add detailed questionaires full of questions that only somebody from mesopotamia/levantine can accurately answer . 
  ask them to recount their life story and what their travel looked like , what made them leave , etc , that story usually falls apart pretty quickly if it is made up . 
  have an interpreter who speaks levantine arabic and mesopotamian arabic check if the arabic the `` refugee '' speaks matches up . 
  ask if family members in the area can be called to vouch for them . 
  seriously , this is not as hard as it looks like , to check whether someone is who he says he is . 
  it is incredibly hard to convincingly fake a nationality that is n't yours . 
  unlike all the fearmongering here over the past few weeks , it is highly likely if you 'd do that that you 'd be caught a few weeks in in the asylum procedure . 
   i guess a secular europe can continue to recede as we welcome more and more islamic migrants and islamic nations into the eu . 
  that is not what i implied at all . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  i am not in favour of accepting refugees , merely pointing out that turkey is part of both europe and middle east according to pretty much everyone . 
   turkey is n't part of europe . 
  most of it geographically is n't , but culturally it is between the middle east and europ . 
   considering it 's an islamic nation . 
  what about kosovo , albania ( and parts of bosnia herzegovina ) . 
  what in the living christ is that, 
   police in spijkenisse are actually pretty fucked up , bastards oh , do n't exaggerate , dutch police is great everywhere compared to many other countries . 
  you mean moldova ? 
   moroccans , algerians and pakistanis not going to get asylum anyway . 
  a random citizen is n't responsible for the actions of their government . 
  i could accuse you of being complicit in the extermination of native americans , but i do n't because i am not a moron that confuses collectives with individuals . 
   the turks do n't even admit the atrocities they committed . 
  how is a random citizen responsible for what their government does or does n't ?
