  you are lucky he even responds , when someone would accuse me of being a genocide apologist out of the blue i am not going to give him the honor of a reply . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  he was making a joke . 
  lighten up friend . 
  why ? 
  this is a fundamental aspect of france , has been for two centuries . 
  if you immigrate to france you got to respect the french culture . 
   as long as he does n't directly incite to violence . 
  and he did . 
  trying to avoid the existence of yet another safe haven for jihadists , i think . 
   similar to nazi germany where nobody told jews that they will go to a concentration camp , they were told that they will be resettled to a different country . 
  invoking comparisons with the holocaust is n't as effective in other countries as in your own country . 
  obvious , but a war crime . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams !, 
  you are reasoning from the perspective of `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' , which is not true for many of the relations between the various actors in this conflict . 
   yeah but when your getting bombed by a foreign power for so long , and lost people , and you finally take down one plane its understandable ( still wrong ) you have a no prisoner mind set . 
  that context is irrelevant . 
  it is a war crime . 
   reading the live reddit about the incident and apparently the turkish military started issuing warnings when the su-24 was 15 km from the turkish border . 
  if this unfolded over a period of 5 minutes , as the turkish military apparently claims , the su-24 would have to be doing 180 km/h , and that is a considerable lower speed than the su-24 's landing speed . 
  i 'm no expert , but the math does n't support the turkish claims in this case . 
  i still smell bullshit . 
  the plane could have approached at a small angle . 
  this is the future you 've chosen , poland . 
  enjoy the regressive politics . 
  are you american ? 
  guns are banned in the netherlands not because of terrorism but because the state wants to keep gun crime as low as possible , which is working . 
  it is spelled `` schengen '' , just an helpful reminder . 
   yeah . 
  having ** crazy leaders ** will sure do wonders for nato pr . 
  we also how balanced quasi-dictators are . 
  if he starts a crackdown on population , that 'll be just graaand . 
  turkey is fulfilling that role in the nato just fine . 
  click on the link , poor sod . 
  your standardized reply makes this even more hilarious . 
  almost everyone hates putin in western europe and i hope it stays that way . 
  shqip , i am going to upvote you anyway cause of the reverse psychology effect . 
  kuwaiti and qatari mosques are also wahhabi . 
  they are comparable to ksa when it comes to extremist ideas . 
  do you honestly believe this ? 
  both extreme nationalist groups like the grey wolves and far left kurdish groups like the pkk are fucking scary , man . 
  that is not what i said . 
  it just feels weird to see someone rank groups of human beings in a way that is reminiscent of someone comparing cans of soup in the supermarket . 
  ** ladies and gentlemen , come and see , the noble american ranks the minorities !, 
  come and see !, 
  free monster truck show afterwards !, 
   islam does n't cause street harassment . 
  testosterone and being an entitled creep cause street harassment . 
  islam merely causes women to be second class citizens . 
  islam is n't compatible with liberal values . 
   either way , the information 's very specific . 
  so specific that i find it hard not to believe . 
  i hope none of these attacks are successful . 
  it is not a lot of work to convincingly fake this . 
  you just pick a couple of bustling cities that do n't sound too obvious ( so not nyc , moscow or london , but atlanta , beirut , jakarta ) , a high profile target to spice it up a little , then find out using nightlife websites and public events calendars the gigs and festivals planned for that specific date , list them and send the whole shebang to a shitty clickbait site like rawstory . 
  easy enough . 
  for example , try this on for size , i just made this up just now : * haarlem central station , the netherlands * mall and a random bar in brussels * sufi mosque in beirut * random concert in belgrade * city hall of lille * city hall of nancy * new attack on the 10th arrondissement in paris, 
  lots of turks in the netherlands do , but sadly the moroccans remain painfully silent on denouncing salafism . 
  nasheeds exist because instrumentation is forbidden , but not singing . 
  also , a small rhythmic drum is permitted to accompany the nashe'ed singing . 
  that makes sense . 
   terror level 3 sounds like something straight out of a video game . 
  do they really call it that in the international air traffic world ? 
  that sounds silly . 
  it 's like saying boston-new york airport or orlando-miami airport . 
  i have to applaud the malinese special forces for rescuing so many people . 
  i did n't expect such a dirt poor country to be that effective at rescuing hostages . 
  tons of americans will be googling : `` how to say ` prayers for belgium ' in belgian '' if something happens . 
  sharia4belgium was forbidden by law in belgium in february 2015 . 
  the point is that there was probably a credible threat that an attack would be carried out today so they want to prevent that . 
  i hear great britain is nice this time of the year . 
  ^ ( [ muffled chants of `` brexit , brexit '' intensify ] ), 
  i 'd say more and more western europeans are voting for parties that base their party programs on how to stop this from happening . 
  in which neighborhood is that ? 
  it is saturday night though , so lots of people are out and about , clubbing and going to bars . 
  for a moment there i thought you had a lebanese flag and i was confused as to why levantine arabic had german loan words , but then it clicked . 
  there is a difference between `` at risk '' and `` in '' though . 
  i am still amazed that the two perpetrators have almost similar names , but are n't related to each other and supposedly met each other at university . 
  poland might be highly developed , but it is still a long shot from german living standards . 
  china does n't have much regulations and a massive amount of labourers . 
  also , in the case of the scandinavian countries , it is not `` millions '' . 
  you are not an intelligence agency though , those threat levels are determined from intel leads . 
  the netherlands is n't at all politically connected to the uk . 
  they actually seem to dig that , so let 's not hope that . 
   also id like to ask people to please not blame the swedes for being stupid or naive . 
  i dont think anyone whos not grown up here can even begin to fathom how deeply the propaganda and indoctrination runs in this country . 
  all the way from kindergarden swedes will be told nothing but how despicable the swedes are as a people , how their etnicity does not exist and how filthy their culture , traditions and history is while at the same time glorifying every non western culture in existance . 
  examples ? 
  this ride is never going to end , is it ? 
  we 're probably going to see a lot of small incidents like this in the wake of the paris attacks . 
  that rolling stone cover was so stupid , it made him look like an icon and a martyr . 
  that is not what that article is about at all . 
  awkward , `` forever alone '' nerds fall into this trap of hating women ( and feminism ) because they feel rejected by women . 
  you fit this stereotype perfectly . 
  i encourage you to think about that and whether that is the life you want . 
  you have the ability to transcend that , i am sure . 
  i quickly skimmed your post history . 
  you are falling in the trap of being rejected by women and now thinking that all women are evil . 
  read this , it will help you : http://www.salon.com/2015/01/10/the_plight_of_the_bitter_nerd_why_so_many_awkward_shy_guys_end_up_hating_feminism/, 
  that does n't make it so that he is `` glorifying '' them .
