  at least my country does n't have unelected religious leaders in the parliament . 
  ok whatever man i wish you luck in your continued search to find someone to argue with, 
  ok whatever man i wish you luck in your continued search to find someone to argue with, 
  ok whatever man i wish you luck in your continued search to find someone to argue with, 
  chill out , man . 
  there 's no need to be upset . 
  maybe i am a duty-shy dutchman , what do you care ? 
  people have different opinions on stuff . 
  i just happen to not support conscription for a multitude of reasons . 
  i am against any form of forced labour for the state . 
  my time is more useful when spent working or studying . 
  i can contribute more to my country that way . 
  ... the basic definition of conscription is that it is mandatory . 
  my point was never that i do n't feel like defending my country . 
  a lot of people think that when i say i am against conscription . 
  i feel it 's commendable to be in great physical shape and to know how to use a gun . 
  i can do that on my own terms . 
  i do n't want to be conscripted in an army for a year for a war that most likely will not come . 
  i will only allow myself to be conscripted if my country actually gets directly invaded . 
  i feel that conscription ( and the replacement community service ) are a wasted years for young people . 
  better to study instead of wasting a year doing meaningless stuff while getting shouted at by a fuckwad with a stick up his arse . 
  ah , i misread your comment . 
  \\  russia in 2015 \\  left ... mate russia nowadays is a neofascist state with oligarchic tendencies . 
  it is ran by billionaires . 
  putin insists on traditional values and skinhead groups are running amok , beating up gay people and immigrants . 
  the brigate rosse and the rote armee fraktion did a `` great '' job at threatening the stability of the social order . 
  both farleft and farright have the capacity to fuck up stable societies . 
  both are acting like utter turds . 
  i do n't understand your comment ? 
  russia has a much larger population than sweden , larger than a 9:5 ratio . 
  ** the netherlands ** * paintings that were stolen from the west frisian museum in the city of hoorn in 2005 turned up in the donetsk people 's republic . 
  seems like the netherlands is getting fucked over for a second time by an eastern ukraine-related matter . 
  * geert wilders praised donald trump 's remarks on muslims * sinterklaasavond on 5 december , the netherlands ' greatest and most controversial cultural asset . 
  now that the black pete debate fades away , we slowly enter the new year 's fireworks debate around here . 
  * the parliament leader ( translation ? ), 
  is caught in a scandal , she might have to leave her position . 
  * greek tourists on rental bikes were pulled off of the a10 highway . 
  * psv progresses in the champions league , making it the first dutch football club to do so in a decade . 
  * feyenoord fans that trashed downtown rome a while ago were convicted to sentences varying from jail sentences to community work * when you look at the groups for euro 2016 , if you listen closely , you might hear the world 's tiniest violin , the combined wailing of 16,999,999 dutchmen , and the excited sounds of my mother , who is overjoyed by not having to endure oranje football matches next summer . 
  what is the restriction and why do you think it would not enable her to travel to france ? 
  i am for gender equality and against conscription . 
  politicians * actively * pushing for gender equality , as opposed to * passively * supporting it , tend to also be against conscription . 
  thus , the push is to abolish conscription completely , not extend conscription to also include women . 
  my country technically still has conscription , but it is not used . 
  they send men a letter saying `` you are registered as a conscript but you 're not required to sign up '' . 
  if conscription were to be de facto introduced again , instead of just existing de jure , i 'd refuse to sign up and i 'd refuse to do community work . 
  correct . 
  my father is in favour of conscription , conveniently ignoring that he dodged the draft back in the day . 
  if finland were to be attacked by russia , there is no chance in hell the nato wo n't aid finland . 
  i am positive putin takes that in consideration when deciding upon further actions if suomi decides to go simo h\u00e4yha on a russian plane . 
  the fins have some historical experience with keeping russians out , i am sure they 'll manage . 
  `` i was read '' ? 
  now i am intrigued , is this a literal translation of a lithuanian verb construction ? 
  probably better than 95 % of all of the world 's nations . 
  the court case was about a rap song where the algerian-born , in france residing rapper insulted the french flag and `` the french nation of old roots '' , which the court decided was not equal to `` white french people '' , thus not hate speech . 
  the news headline is complete clickbait that makes it look like that court reasoned that `` french people do n't exist '' . 
  it is clickbait that plays into your fears that there is this mysterious conspiracy to eliminate the white race . 
  the case is a little more nuanced than that . 
  [ read this . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wizz7/french_court_confirms_the_rejection_of_the/cxwk4xg ) the court ruled that the phrase `` french from very old roots '' could n't be seen as a reference to white french people . 
  this headline is clickbaity . 
  it is designed to make you outraged . 
  the french ethnicity is also a difficult concept to delineate properly . 
  up until the 20th century , the majority of frenchmen spoke regional languages as their native tongue . 
  francienne , the gallo-romance variety spoken in the \u00cele-de-france , was used as the model for the standardized french that the french government made the sole language used for teaching in schools throughout all of france . 
  it effectively decimated regional languages such as occitan ( usec to be spoken in all of southern france , occitan is more closely related to catalan than standardized french ) . 
   britain does n't really have freedom of speech by us standards - they lock people up for writing inane things on twitter . 
  not doubting the validity of your statement , but what happened ? 
  do you have a link to a news article for me ? 
  i am in the mood to rage about british laws . 
  i 'd like to think they took a major landmark in rome , such as the colloseum or that sugarcake-looking massive palace whose name escapes me now . 
  i am perfectly aware . 
  i just heavily dislike the man . 
  also , i am not convinced he is such a geopolitical genius . 
  just an asshole who is pandering to the russian people to keep them complacent while enriching himself and his oligarchic buddies . 
  occassionally they 'll piss off the world by fucking up an economically irrelevant region somewhere in their periphery . 
  that 's about the extent of his shrewd geopolitical posturing . 
  all roads lead to moscow ^ 1 . 
  do n't be scared . 
  glorious motherland is still relevant . 
  ^ ( 1 - if you look at a map of russia this actually true , the road network looks like a spiderweb with moscow as spider sitting in the middle ), 
  all roads lead to andorra la vella !, 
  or at least , most in catalonia , southern france and basqueland . 
   i figure this is a map that shows the closest capital city by road for any point in europe ? 
  lol at that damage control mod tag, 
  on the basis of just looking at the regions iwthout context , you 'd expect the average to be about 100 % , but it 's 89 % because so much of the industry is in the donetsk and luhansk regions . 
  this really needs a clarification which countries have no data , somalia for example . 
  link to said documentary ? 
  of course , i was n't implying it was a good thing . 
  crowded in the sense of `` many international borders in close proximity to each other '' . 
  [ also there are in fact a lot of airplanes in that region . 
  ] ( http://m.imgur.com/obtaq6e ) an uncrowded airspace would be siberia or the deserts of kazakhstan . 
  the baltic states would have no need to be so openly anti-russian if russia stopped being so openly anti-baltic . 
  `` sometimes '' , and the article does n't specify whether that is near international borders or not . 
  of course , it 's their right to do that , but it is common courtesy to turn on your transponder . 
  not doing that is understood to be an act of intimidation . 
  that is not true . 
  outside wartime , functioning transponders in aircraft are the norm in crowded airspace . 
  case of `` i am not touching you '' , but between countries instead of middle schoolers . 
  putin himself said it .
