  yes , the signage is a little confusing sometimes . 
  sidenote , why do you use a black flag as flair ? 
  for that price i want caviar-flavoured lay 's chips in a fur parcel . 
  i have never flown to russia , but i read a book on travelling in difficult countries by a dutch journalist that lives in russia parttime , and he magnificently described the surreal hell that are russian airports : companies that suddenly go bankrupt , extremely rude staff , filth in every corner , weird lay-outs , little or non-existent signage , baggage getting stolen or lost , etc. 
  schiphol is great . 
  the one downside that comes to mind is the sudden changes in gate numbers for arrivals , which is annoying when you have to pick up people . 
  i decided to spend an impromptu day in ostia once , because the roma fiumicino airport employees were on strike so i had to stay in italy for a day longer than i had anticipated . 
  ostia turned out to be great , i stayed in this huge , almost completely empty hotel that looked like the the shining hotel from the inside . 
  very surreal but interesting experience . 
  is russian way of doing things : throw tantrum , get things . 
  then the echr is working against the public interests of the european nations and then the european nations should regain their sovereignty . 
  people who refuse to say where they are from should be offered a choice between saying where they are from and detention in a locked-down immigration centre . 
  the most persistent ones will crack within a few months . 
  ukraine has a pretty good climate . 
  not too much rain , warm summers and proper winters with snow . 
  you can still edit your original post and include both slovakia and correct the liechtenstein-typo . 
  what 's wrong with the ukrainian climate ? 
  you made a small typo , it 's liechtenstein , not lietchenstein . 
  do n't put words in my mouth that are not there . 
  i condone neither , obesity is also bad . 
  oh , it is definitely feasible , there is just not enough action coming from politicians . 
  round them up , put them in a detention centre , decide which ones are from wartorn regions , put those in a safe camp somewhere in tunisia ( which we will of course pay the tunisians or whatever for ) . 
  the rest gets a plane trip to country of origin the day after their asylum request is denied . 
  those who get to stay are sent back immediately when their country of origin is stable again . 
  like clockwork , the word * refugee * in scare quotes in every refugees-related thread . 
  do note , i agree with you heavily , just an observation . 
  or you can make change come about faster by signing laws that cover the subject . 
  people 's morals bring about laws , but laws also bring about people 's morals to a certain extent . 
  ai n't there already a wide push against commodification of unhealthy thinness ? 
  18.5 is a little high yes . 
  what is to stop france from using a lower limit , or a limit at the doctor 's discretion , as is the case with this law ? 
  it was not immediately clear what you meant initially , so thank you for enlightening me what your real point was . 
  it appeared as if you dismissed the law as useless because of bribery . 
  your point that one should be watchful for bribery and act against it is a very sound one . 
  i was talking about bribery , not obesity legislation . 
  i will address your point however : judging from what people around me think of obesity , i am not sure if that outrage would be genuine and pervasive . 
  do n't look at those who scream the loudest , listen to the multitude of voices not easily heard . 
  obesity legislation in advertisments would be met with applause from many . 
  obesity in advertisments is simply not as pervasive as unhealthy underweight models . 
  that is why they went after anorexic models first . 
  one at the time , as they say . 
  it is harder to pass legislation that covers many different topics . 
  i am not a hypocrite , thank you very much . 
  i too would desire legislation prohibiting both obesity and anorexic models in advertisment . 
  my condolences , though it might not mean much coming from an internet stranger . 
  both my girlfriend and another good friend of mine have struggled with it . 
  it has the capacity to destroy years of someone 's life , if not end someone 's life . 
  the focus on looks , unrealistic looks and that alone in consumer culture that permeates everything is sickening . 
   anorexia is a disease , why should people with a disease not be able to have a job ? 
  france is abusing human rights here and i think it is illegal for any eu country to have a law like this . 
  people that have aids or cancer might become very thin , should they not be allowed to have a job either ? 
  models are supposed to be good-looking , so agencies will not hire sick people that obviously look sick , like cancer patients and the like . 
  also , this law only covers modelling , as it is deemed that it has such an impact on national health what models look like , so it is deemed to be in the public interest to set standards . 
  model agencies do n't hire people because they have anorexia , they hire them because they look very thin . 
  once anorexia becomes very noticeable , it becomes offputting : visible ribs , hair falling out , lethargic expression , etcetera . 
  the army also sets physical standards . 
  actors are discriminated in favour of their good looks . 
  construction companies do n't want rail thin weak nerds , nor do security agencies . 
  a coast guard requires you to be able to swim and do so in an efficient manner . 
  school teachers ca n't wear hot pants ( or for that matter , most people in representative functions ) . 
  lots of people get `` discriminated '' against . 
   if it 's health you are concerned about , it would be a lot more reasonable to ban smokers having jobs than to ban thin people from having jobs but there are a lot of fat politicians that smoke so they would n't be willing to discriminate against themselves . 
  classic whataboutism , but i 'll bite , tobacco advertising and any other advertisments depicting smoking or smoking-related paraphernalia are banned in publications and on tv since ages . 
  we 've ** already ** covered that . 
  the legislation is to stop anorexic models , not models who are simply thin . 
  why ca n't legislation cover both ? 
  is the one mutually exclusive with the other ? 
  then what is the alternative , according to you ? 
  doing nothing because there is a chance some might skirt the rules ? 
  you , adherents of dark enlightenment ideas , too often confuse listing all the expensive words you know with a coherent argument . 
  please , enlighten me ( darkly , if within the realm of possibilities ) , what is the argument against liberal values ? 
  apparently . 
  the court reasoned that `` the french nation '' is not equivalent to `` white frenchmen '' . 
  apparently it is necessary under french law for a race , ethnicity or religious group to be the recipient of the hate speech , and just that , for it to be hate speech . 
  yes but it is n't hate speech in the legal sense of the word, 
  that 's what the radleft looks like . 
  radical left groups not only hate radical right wing groups , they hate the establishment and by extension hate the police too . 
   it appears that smaller countries ( population-wise ) have relatively more / r/europe redditors than larger ones . 
   while i expected this , i have no idea how to even begin explaining it . 
  the larger the country , the larger its native part of the internet , the less reason to spend time in non-native parts of the internet . 
  essentially , / r/europe is the `` miscellaneous '' section for internet users from small countries . 
  is there a precedent for the banning of an organization like scientology independent from the religion question ? 
  emphasis on the word `` most '' . 
  some kids feel the need to post inane comments about `` payback '' whenever something like this comes up . 
  at least my country 's native language wo n't be arabic in 50 years , sven :\\ ^ ) -- ^ ( that was sarcasm , for the poor sods that will inevitably take my comment seriously ), 
  the nordics were n't held back by the soviets . 
  it 's impressive how far estonia has come , relatively speaking . 
  dat dutch # 2 tho bb, 
  i do n't think that makes the pain of losing 23 people any less for russia . 
  the estonian numbers are beautiful . 
  i find it interesting how a country where most inhabitants speak a non-indo-european as native tongue have such an excellent grasp of the english language and such a high amount of internet users . 
  estonia is truly the post-soviet success story . 
  i hope that people will recognize the gravity of this disaster despite the usual anti-russian sentiment in this subreddit . 
  let 's put geopolitical differences aside and recognize that both russians and europeans are just trying to get by and that this is a disaster on the level of the bucharest nightclub fire . 
  my condolences and heartfelt empathy to all russians , especially those directly affected by this disaster . 
  at least they would only be able to radicalize each other further , not convert or radicalize regilar prisoners . 
  what exactly is your question ? 
  that 's it basically . 
  police spotted a couple of greek tourists on rental bikes cycling over one of the biggest and busiest highways of the netherlands , where vehicles drive 120 km/h . 
  the oblivious fucks thought this was a good plan or something .
