  he is selling sliced-up squid, 
  i see it is a requirement to look like a thug and/or gigolo/escort to participate in local bulgarian elections . 
  ataka is the far right party , right ? 
  priceless how that dude with the katana is trying to appear like a tough , putinesque leader . 
  i ca n't even satirize this . 
  russia is a morally corrupt country . 
  no compassion or empathy for the underprivileged ; a smug attitude towards the west , let russia rot . 
  in all european countries , how irreligious the general population may be , there are still considerable and very conservative pockets of christians , often concentrated in communities close together . 
  in the netherlands , there is a conservative christian party that has 3 out of the 150 parliament seats ( we have proportional representation , so that reflects 2 % of the population voting for that party ) , yet there are counties in the central and southwestern parts of the netherlands that have 30-50 % of the people voting for that particular political party . 
  conservative christianity still exists , and because those are the most persistent demographic pockets of christianity , they are also understandeably the most conservative ones . 
  even in sweden . 
  then give us a source for that claim . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  the people that did this are conservative christian swedes , not immigrants . 
  * swedish girls no fuck, 
  he is not spreading lies . 
  read the article . 
  it is about conservative christians having their teenage daughters tested . 
  read the article . 
  the people that have their teenage daughters tested are conservative christians . 
  proclaiming that you support a candidate while spreading ideas that are counter to that candidate 's ideas does n't make you a real supporter , it merely makes you a low-information voter . 
  why would they want to go to israel ? 
  i am so dissappointed that the article was n't about migrants literally cycling through all of russia . 
  most of law and our society is based on loose definitions and constructs that are n't easy to capture in clearly defined , measurable terms . 
  it is just the way things are . 
  try to see it this way : the punishment for regular violence is the intended severity of the sentence , and the extra punishment given to hate crimes is an added extra . 
  intention matters . 
  ethnic violence is much more dangerous to the stability of a society than , say , nightlife violence or domestic violence . 
  why does the url say `` doubles '' , but the headline says `` triples '' ? 
  yes , they put the burden on the state to solve this , and it is of course up to debate whether that is a valid assumption or not , but as i see it , change is going to be top-down , i.e. 
  change of policies . 
  it does n't even matter what those policies are - it can range from tough-on-crime laws to job creation to education reform to tearing down estates and replacing them with lowrise housing . 
  all it says is that ignoring what is going on is going to make it worse , regardless of the eventual solution the state is going to introduce . 
  that black dude in the photo looks damn good for his age . 
  in the article it says that he is 62 . 
  they are trying to say that civil unrest is symptomatic for deeper problems . 
  questions : is it possible to argue to the courts in strasbourg that this violates freedom of speech ? 
  yes , i agree immensely . 
  it is not that anti-immigrant people are at risk of doing these things , it 's that the rhetoric they use makes up the context in which this attacker grew up . 
  it 's a pretty old and common joke . 
  i originally know it as a whimsical piece of advice on how to survive a grizzly bear attack : just run harder than at least one person . 
  from one lover of music that revolves around dark imagery to another : it ca n't be denied that lone wolves seem to have a fascination with dark and edgy music , almost without exception . 
  rammstein is a left-wing band , but that does n't matter to the listener that does n't pick up on the satirical aspects of their nazist imagery . 
  when you commit an act of terrorism against immigrants i 'd say one most certainly qualifies for the label right-wing extremist . 
  joy division and siouxsie & the banshees are two examples of bands that flirted with nazi imagery , especially when they first started out . 
  the society of the spectacle . 
  celebrities have replaced the initially existing social framework . 
  now that people do n't have a good outlet to gossip about their community anymore because communities in modern societies are increasingly fractured and individualist , people have turned to celebrities to satiate their ( perfectly human , by the way ) desire to gossip . 
  celebrities are now one 's proverbial next-door neighbors . 
  your second point is a tad inaccurate . 
  it is not clear whether the guy had racial motivations for committing this attack , but it is certainly not the case that their is `` no reason '' to believe that . 
  the original commenter is n't saying that people that question mass immigration are dangerous either . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  his point is that the attacker 's views were most probably shaped by the overall context of far-right rhetoric , which includes a lot of baseless fearmongering . 
  you are reading something in his or her comment that is not there . 
  he or she is n't saying that people that want to limit immigration are at risk of knifing children - he or she is saying that the rhetoric of the past couple of months in the media , online and among the inhabitants of european countries has been the context that this person resided in , giving him an incentive for his actions . 
  the damage control from far-rightists that reply to your comment is astonishing . 
  no man is an island . 
  this man was shaped by the context of his surroundings . 
  it is much easier for single , young men to leave everything behind . 
  sadly , the same is true in / r/europe . 
  well-written , respectfully voiced pro-immigration comments are downvoted in oblivion . 
  i hope you 're not implying that there is some sort of conspiracy to make us empathize with them by putting the children at the front , because the logical explanation is that parents put their children in front of them in order to not lose track of them . 
  i do n't think we `` import '' muslims . 
  those people came here on their own accord and we failed to properly integrate them , and we also failed utterly at calling it quits at some point and limiting the amount of immigration . 
  the german exceptionalism of german officials is starting to piss me off indeed . 
  well yeah , of course . 
  there is a difference between highly educated , westernized immigrants and non-western immigrants with barely a high school education . 
  it is much easier to integrate and care for the first group . 
  furthermore , it costs a lot less too . 
  xenophobia with a side dish of legalized marijuana sounds like the average / r/worldnews commenter . 
  i do n't think that trump card is going to work in this case . 
  that says more about the alienation imposed by late stage capitalism than democracy per se . 
  libya is in an anarchic state right now , russia is a degenerated democracy that can be more accurately described as a dictature . 
  i think democracy is the best type of government for any society in the world . 
  all other forms allow more oppression because a subset of the population always seeks to exploit the masses for their own gains , and non-democratic societies allows them to do that easier . 
  so what is the point you 're trying to make ? 
  that there is something inherently wrong with saudi 's ? 
  i think it is more related to the extremely fast and unsustainable development of the country . 
  they went from medieval to nouveau riche in the space of 50 years . 
  it is no wonder that the country is still stuck in medieval values . 
  oh wait , i thought you were responding to another comment of mine ; a reply to a now deleted comment in another / r/europe thread , excuse me . 
  the flair was a very lengthy explanation of why the event was cancelled ; a long sentence that could be condensed into three words . 
  ~ ~ something about people believing in magic fairies and how they can not be trusted , standard euphoric atheist drivel . ~ ~, 
   yes , czechs are quite euphoric , that 's why we do a lot of meth . 
  :d that seems like a non sequitur, 
  stiff upper lip ? 
  begrudging tolerance ? 
  i see euphoria is also prevalent in the good ol' czech republic . 
  not necessarily . 
  most of the time those comments are autoremoved comments by automoderator . 
  most people catch on very fast that they are shadowbanned . 
  that modflair is awfully bloated . 
  naive as in a childlike worldview . 
  ayn rand 's ideas are quite possibly the most naive thing i have ever read . 
  [ youtube link for those unable to open the tweet video ] ( http://youtu.be/xgalny9zhhq ), 
  probably one of the nationalistic groups . 
  my condolences to all turks reading this . 
  my first thought , this is almost certainly one of the ultranationalistic groups , and most likely the grey wolves . 
  donate money to foundations that offer aid to people in refugee camps in turkey , lebanon , jordan ; so that the push factor for refugees to come to europe decreases .
