yes it does , and even if you assume it does n't it still does n't change a iota in what i said ; just mentally replace `` racist '' with `` discriminatory '' if my use of racism triggers you so much that you ca n't function . 
  you 're arguing semantics without adressing the main point of my comment . 
  so , i consider those posters ** discriminatory . 
  ** now happy ? 
  racism has different , narrow and broad definitions depending on who you ask . 
  in the broadest sense it is understood to mean discrimination towards people of a different ethnicity , in the narrowest sense it is discrimination towards other skin colours . 
   i do n't respect people who refuse to google the most basic of things , like a word . 
  i very clearly explained and sourced it ; and at this point we 're arguing semantics . 
  i could also have used the broader term `` discriminatory '' - yes , i find that poster discriminatory . 
  that 's my opinion and i gave some arguments why that is my opinion . 
  it is odd that you explode on me for doing that . 
  besides , are n't there like relatively little immigrants in ireland ? 
   lol the un has chosen to expand the definition of a liberals favorite insult ?!, 
  no way !, 
  who the fuck are they to alter they to alter the english language ? 
  maybe you should take up your complaints to the new heads of human rights over there . 
   the fact is there is nothing wrong with this advertisement campaign . 
  my issue with it is that it fosters an atmosphere of government-sanctioned messages of unwelcomeness . 
  nah , it is pretty commonly understood that racism implies `` other ethnicities '' , not just literally `` black vs white vs yellow '' . 
   you 're dismissed . 
  again , learn to remain respectful when debating people . 
  it makes other people more likely to respect your opinions in turn . 
  i think it is pretty relevant . 
  explain how it is irrelevant ? 
  i vaguely remember lebanese doctors being some of the best in the middle east . 
  could be wrong though . 
  the reason that lebanon turned from a majority christian nation into a majority muslim nation is , iirc , because of palestinian refugees in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  they definitely have an history of providing refugees with freedoms , rights and citizenship . 
  he was n't saying that racism is exclusive to europeans . 
  just that it is a factor in the universal hesistance to take up people from faraway countries . 
  ethnic discrimination . 
  racial discrimination . 
  whatever . 
  my point still stands . 
  ignoring that racism has gotten an expanded definition by the un ; the posters are xenophobic . 
  cut down on the ad hominems and insults . 
  it makes your point comr across stronger . 
   by chill , are you telling me to suck a dick , which the other definition unjust made up ? 
  i feel that 's inappropriate for our discourse , but it 's ok . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   think you 're looking to use xenophobia here , or discrimination perhaps . 
  i do n't really care . 
  i know that racism is about race , not the other things you and your ilk wish for it to be . 
  `` the term `` racial discrimination '' shall mean any distinction , exclusion , restriction , or preference based on race , colour , descent , or ** national or ethnic ** origin that has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition , enjoyment or exercise , on an equal footing , of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political , economic , social , cultural or any other field of public life . '', 
   no , fuck you , i 'm sorry . 
  fuck you is n't meant in the derogatory sense , it also means you 're wrong . 
  - see what i did there ? 
  chill , dude . 
  i only explained how racism is discrimination based on ethnicity . 
  old stock americans were racist against italian immigrants back in the early 1900s ; despite them being both white . 
   except , no . 
  many people who are no ws but are opposed to feminists use it to describe their focus on gender and race when it is n't needed . 
   what the hell is this ? 
  did i say anything of the sort ? 
  i was paraphrasing your anti-feminist fearmongering . 
   i was n't talking about that , i was talking about the focus on race and gender by feminists when there is n't a need for it , not the `` destruction of western culture '' , like supremacists . 
  that 's nice . 
  words have meanings though , and ` cultural marxism ' is universally understood to be a white suprematist term . 
  always them spooky feminists , huh ? 
  leaving scorched earth and castrated men in their wake !, 
   and others ca n't talk about it ? 
  that 's because ` cultural marxism ' in its current meaning is a conspiracy theory by white suprematists . 
  the other points are meaningless to adress because we 'd just argue semantics without touching upon actually meaningful discussion points . 
  what confuses me is that you attack me saying that `` gender '' is irrelevant to the discussion while you were the one that started out with a reference to some sort of strawmen feminists . 
   i just do n't think focusing on sex gender or race is relevant to discussion here ... you were the one that randomly started talking about `` feminists '' when nobody was talking about such a thing . 
  ` cultural marxism ' is a dogwhistle for white suprematists . 
  also , someone attacking both anti-racism and feminism in one sentence can hardly be considered a `` bleeding heart liberal '' , whichever way you put it . 
  racism means discrimination based on country/place of origin . 
  the definition is a little bit more expansive than just black , white or asian . 
  so yes , these posters are racists , as they : 1 . 
  target non-british illegal immigrants , largely from the middle east , only . 
  give of a sense of hostility and undesirability . 
  good luck integrating them now . 
   cultural marxist i see stormfront and their dogwhistles have immigrated to / r/europe as well !, 
  well , the word `` lesbian '' is derived from lesbos , as the allegedly ancient greek lesbian writer sappho lived on the island . 
  earlier in history lesbians used to be called `` sapphic '' , which gradually became `` lesbian '' . 
   hindu indian terrorist hindutva anti-islam riots kill hundreds on the regular . 
  then they did n't try hard enough . 
  i can also create an inane slogan such as `` today college student ; tomorrow academia killer '' and point to the unabomber as ( anecdotal ) evidence . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic , but in my country the first thing people think about when they hear ` albania ' is the albanian mafia , not islam . 
  i once told my friends ` did you know albania is a muslim country ' and they were surprised . 
  he is expressing that he or she also holds no ill will towards outwardly islamic societies . 
  i see the stereotype of swiss chauvinists holds true . 
  funnily enough , people react the same to polish guest workers in the netherlands . 
  the unknown is always scary . 
  radical feminism is n't equivalent to that strawman sentence . 
  that was my whole point . 
  i was saying that reddit does n't understand that radical feminism is a fixed expression and has a clearly defined definition that does n't mean it is a fringe ideology . 
  and it certainly does n't imply that all sex is rape . 
  at all . 
  yes , that would be correct . 
  first wave is the suffragettes . 
  second wave is the liberation movement from the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s . 
  third wave is very concerned with intersectionality , i.e. 
  how things like race , socioeconomic status , able status , sexual orientation and so on relate to gender issues . 
  `` all sex is rape '' is n't representative of radical feminism . 
  at all . 
  he is advocating treating over a billion people as vermin though . 
  there is n't a feminist ^ tm membership card . 
  certain people condemn certain people who are in turn condemned by other people .
