  eire , do n't do this to me in the early morning hours . 
  that 's true . 
  compared to what poland went through it is a walk in the park though . 
  ( not trying to marginalize the misery that london went through . ), 
  northern cyprus ? 
  ^ ^ pls ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ kill ^ ^ me, 
  i think he meant long-term peace on their own territory . 
  hans island is rightful danish clay though . 
  i suspected the danish to hate the canadians with their guts over this very crucial border dispute !, 
  i just see the colour white . 
  it 's the same in dutch , so i immediately recognized the mistake . 
  it is a common mistake in my language area too . 
  i do n't think they have sent conscripts to syria ( yet ) . 
  the word you are looking for is * country * , not * land * . 
  for a country that has seen so much war and suffering in the recent pas , they are doing extremely well currently . 
  rwanda is quite peaceful these days actually . 
  certainly true . 
  the overwhelming majority of that money goes towards research and development . 
  i am not a conservative and i have an intense dislike of dutch small town living to the point that i feel i would n't be able to live in any small town , regardless of country . 
  so basically you want to move to some idealized version of a conservative utopia ? 
  yes , but it is literally the only thing people talk about over here . 
  france is also one of my dream countries , especially the bourgogne . 
  the northern ireland news thread is the other way , friend . 
  not disagreeing , as i love poland , but why is that ? 
  it is new to me that americans are into poland . 
  it has beautiful mountains , friendly people , a high standard of living ( higher than some western european countries ) and a temperate climate . 
  also : little tourists and easy access to both the alps , the balkan and italy . 
  well , they were not forced to go back , but i am guessing that they implored them to return to the netherlands and seek treatment . 
  they were sent back according to the article . 
  yeah , / r/europe sucks these days . 
  i do n't mind either anti-immigrants or pro-immigrants , it is just tiring that every second post is about the refugee crisis . 
  i don \u00b4 t understand this sentiment either . 
  it seems like the original commenter is just trying to find something political in the article to agitate against . 
  i think , based on the origins of people that are shown to migrate to serbia , that those are not serbs but syrians/iraqi 's . 
  noticed that as well . 
  the georgians request asylum in the baltics a lot . 
  is there any reason for that ? 
  i do n't think that was the intention of that infographic . 
  i think it was just an interesting way of visualizing how big a crowd of half a million people is . 
  if you click on one of the western countries you can see something peculiar too : several nationals of those countries have requested asylum in other western countries . 
  for example , if you click on the netherlands you can see that 13 people have requested asylum in belgium . 
  i remember reading a news article about that , that most of those asylum requests are by schizophrenic and other mentally ill people . 
  i meant : if you look at the map , it shows a lot of districts with either 100 % turk cypriots or 100 % greek cypriots . 
  i would n't call it succesful , seeing what happened afterwards . 
  also , note how the communities are either almost exclusively cypriot or almost exclusively turk . 
  there seems to be little inbetween . 
  the psychological impact if you succeed is immense though . 
  it is the mirror , i 'd pad my cat 's litter box with that rag , nothing else . 
  succesful attacks on soldiers have an huge psychological impact . 
  they are supposed to be safe during peacetime , and able to defend themselves if necessary . 
  in about 20 years or so the saudi 's will take lectures from the collapse of their own society if the oil runs out . 
   and backed off a little after people explained to them how it actually works  can you explain what happened ? 
  not at all . 
  party-list proportional representation makes voting with long , long lists of candidates relatively easily . 
   they promised free apartments for young pairs does n't that make them economically left-wing on that specific point ? 
  i get that the reasoning is conservatively minded , as it seems like it is designed to encourage marriage . 
   radical centrists what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  the shart heart was more succesful though . 
   voting constitutional amendments requires 304 votes . 
  the same majority would be required for eu exit . 
  it 's unlikely that such majority could be assembled in this configuration . 
  in the netherlands , it is required that the parliament votes twice on the same constitutional amendment - once during the initial parliament term in which the amendment was proposed , and once during the parliament term after the next elections after that ; that way the voter gets a chance to vote on it too . 
  it surprises me that such a system is not in place in poland . 
  i thought that it was kind of common to have such a check in place in order to limit potential abuse . 
  how can someone even justify disallowing an abortion in the case of the mother 's life being threatened ? 
  then both the baby and the mother die . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  progressive is not similar to leftist . 
  it is often related , yes , but someone can be socially progressive and economically rightist . 
  left and right are useless labels anyway , since their meaning has become so distorted over the years . 
  in dutch we have the word * angstschreeuw * . 
  how is it a handicap if the bigger parties receive the seats from the parties below the threshold ? 
  the brits do . 
  you tell us , yank . 
  i much prefer this over a two-party system and a de facto oligarchic state . 
  the d'hondt method slightly favours bigger parties , it does n't give an handicap to the biggest party . 
  do n't they need to vote twice on the same constitutional amendment over the time period of two different parliaments ? 
  that 's how it works in the netherlands . 
  none . 
  someone replied to you that orban is the antithesis of honesty . 
  a highly upvoted comment reply that counters the original comment tends to make votes swing . 
  algerian and turkish ? 
  what are you even on about ? 
  that is just baseless speculation . 
  not a very good idea , seeing as orban is a corrupt asshole that embezzles money . 
  orban is everything but honest . 
  well , he used to be a bodyguard after all . 
  i love small talk . 
  it always makes me happy to exchange a few words with people about nothing in particular . 
  the immigrants came on their own accord . 
  germany already has a pretty strict immigration policy in place . 
  just because these people hop the border does n't mean they automatically receive citizenship . 
  violence is never justified . 
  but you tell us , america . 
   it 's clear germans do n't want this anymore . 
  you tell us , japan . 
  \\  selfhatingyank \\  critic of american policies here \\  posting in / r/europe \\  florida is rightful cuban clay all details check out . 
  of course , but europe is usually better at equal treatment than the us . 
  what islamists have not been punished for their crimes ? 
  also , in what world is it okay to not punish one type of criminal because we ( supposedly ) do n't punish the other type of criminal ?
