  he is just saying that he speculates that such an attack requires more planning than most people seem to think . 
   stop glorifying these fucktards . 
  he is n't glorifying them . 
  i do n't think that that fatshaming thing is a legit concern outside of a few weirdos ' blogs . 
  most people do n't care about the internet 's gender wars . 
  feminism also benefits men , as it frees men from the constraints of their gender roles . 
  women getting custody of kids a majority of the times and men having to pay alimony and child support is something that feminism tries to stop , because it is a result of old-fashioned gender roles saying that women are caregivers and men are providers . 
  rest in piece , pupper, 
  * take me down to tallinn city , where they are dressed in camo green and the girls are pretty *, 
  lol , that map is almost cute . 
  i like the stick figure with the flag . 
  once you understand the implications behind the map , it gets dark fast . 
   unless they pressed the fire button by accident . 
  you ca n't just `` press the fire button by accident '' in a buk system . 
  the leading theory now is that a baggage handler put a bomb in the cargo area of the plane while it was still at the airport . 
  if that is true , then it does n't have anything to do with the sina\u00ef . 
   turkey is an ethnically mixed nation to such an extent the word has lost its meaning . 
  the overwhelming majority of turkish citizens are ethnically and linguistically turkish . 
  sure , there are many minority groups scattered all over the country , but turkey is not a patchwork of ethnic groups like india , indonesia , papua new guinea or nigeria . 
  1 ) the usa is a super racist and segregated society . 
  if you do n't think it is , then you 're super sheltered and naive . 
  you 've been told every day of your life that the usa is the greatest nation on earth , so you think it is , ** but it really is not . 
  ** 2 ) this is not the moment at all to engage in american exceptionalism . 
  until september , the bataclan was owned by a jewish family , that had received threats from islamists multiple times in the preceding years . 
  i am guessing they are targeting football matches , because those form the heart of european popular culture . 
  call them daesh please . 
  not at all . 
  literally who ? 
  are you spamming your minecraft server in the wake of a tragedy ? 
  if so , that is properly disgusting . 
  that is all i have got to say . 
  when there was money to be made or interests to be protected , the dutch cared even less about morals and ethics than other european countries : we shipped millions of slaves from the african slave coasts to the new world . 
  the dutch were one of the major parties facilitating this centuries-long destruction of west africa . 
  the demographics of the americas including millions of black people is largely a result of dutch ( and english ) slave traders . 
  indonesia was exploited by the dutch colonial state company voc , the biggest company the world has ever known . 
  indonesians in bonded labour were used to work the plantations . 
  large cuts of the production were shipped to the netherlands and sold for great profits , all made possible by this slave labour system that entailed numerous cruel violations of human integrity . 
  the writer edward douwe dekkers wrote a world famous book about the exploitation of the indian masses on plantations , called * max havelaar * . 
  `` max havelaar '' is now also the name of a pretty big fairtrade label in the netherlands . 
  right after wwii ended , the dutch decided there had n't been enough carnage and promptly massacred civilians all over indonesia during the indonesian struggle for independence . 
  woop , there it is , the strawman . 
  look , my point is that you 'll act irrationally in that situation . 
  you wo n't know what it 's like because you 've never experienced it . 
  if you ca n't walk in a neighborhood at night , it is n't safe . 
  i know you are american and that every city in your country has these kinds of neighborhoods , but in western europe that is not the norm . 
  the southern and western parts of parisian suburbs are very rich , the northern and eastern parts are the banlieue we all know and hate , iirc . 
  the southern and western parts of parisian suburbs are very rich , the northern and eastern parts are the banlieue we all know and hate , iirc . 
  what happened to due process ? 
  hash is originally from central and south asia , and muslims smoke it a lot over there , despite islam prohibiting them from doing it . 
  i do n't think it is unreasonable to assume that you 'd be delusional too if you learned your child just blew up himself and shot dozens of other people . 
  you can certainly request flags . 
  just modmail the moderators . 
  that flawed icm poll is going to be repeated ad nauseum , innit ? 
  it is just the url shortener the guardian newspaper uses . 
  egyptians happen to immigrate to europe . 
  that is what warmongerers said to quell reasonable arguments against war before wwi too . 
  there were protests against the bombings in all western european countries . 
  nothing is confirmed yet , but it is highly likely most of them were entering europe among the refugees . 
  i certainly get what he means . 
  albania can be both culturally muslim , culturally christian and culturally albanian at the same time . 
  indeed . 
  i read an account by an us army employee that said that the saudi 's are - relative to the amount of money they spend on their defense budgets - the most incompetent he ever had the pleasure of encountering . 
  hezbollah is not a moderate group lmao, 
  then you certainly should be aware that france does n't fit the definition `` authoritarian '' at all . 
  no one in my family is culturally christian either , but a country 's society is shaped by the predominant faith during earlier times . 
  83 % of dutch people do n't believe in a god , yet the country is still shaped by the religious identity of centuries past . 
  if you think france has an authoritarian government , you might want to go on a vacation to a third world country . 
  as for the uk , i agree a little . 
  the dutch labor party has supported him continuously in these statements , he has also made similar statements after charlie hebdo . 
  i personally believe he does n't give that much of a shit about his parents ' faith anymore either . 
  ahmed aboutaleb 's faith seems to be a super minor part in his life . 
  i am under the impression he is mostly culturally muslim at this point . 
  any people who know him a little bit better , feel free to correct me . 
  it is culturally albanian like the netherlands is culturally dutch . 
  the netherlands is also culturally christian on top of that , like albania ( and kosovo ) are culturally muslim . 
  both apply . 
  if you 're willing to blow yourself up you 're also willing to drive to estonia from france . 
  foreign interventions almost never end well , certainly not in the arab world . 
  also , it will just end up creating the right conditions for even more civilians of those countries becoming terrorists . 
  civilians from syria and iraq are not automatons that you can bomb to shit without something happening . 
  these people have hopes , fears , dreams too - and many of them will not hesitate to pick up arms against european countries if their sister , mother , friends or other loved ones die in bombing raids . 
  yeah , let 's terrorize innocent civilians in countries far away because people from countries far away terrorized civilians in our countries !, 
  very black metal . 
  varg vikernes would be proud . 
  culturally muslim , religion barely plays a role in albania anymore . 
  goes to show that culturally muslim and culturally christian nations get along fine , the important factor is secularization of the islamic faith . 
  the quota system is irrelevant . 
  people just settle near a city that is a hub for illegal arms trade in a country that does take up refugees , and then they drive to their intended target in another country . 
  no border controls within the european union , remember ? 
  right , that is good to hear . 
  still , i am positive that several extremists ( including the perpetrators of 13/11 ) are hiding among the thousands of refugees . 
  at any rate , i amalso disgusted by the nationalists misrepresenting the truth for their own political gain . 
  the situation is bad enough already , there is no need for even more fear . 
  i am conflicted . 
  on one hand , the majority of the refugees are fleeing from a warzone and it is our moral duty to help these legitimate refugees . 
  on the other hand , the strain of failed integration and the discrepancy between european and islamic values has proven to be a great issue in the past and will thus also continue to be a great problem with these people . 
  also , it is not inconceivable that a considerable minority of `` fresh off the boat '' muslims harbor violent ideas , as polls have shown time after time . 
  no , the 9/11 bombers were found because flight lists always contain all passengers that boarded the flight . 
  they simply had to investigate all names and their movements , and some callers from the plane also gave their seat numbers for two of the planes or so . 
  the body of suicide bombers is usually mangled beyond recognition , but oddly enough most of the body parts stay in one place .
