  also , another `` interesting '' ( yet very morbid ) tidbit : the upwards power of the blast causes the head to come clean off as the neck is the weakest link so to speak . 
  often , the intact head is found meters away from the mangled body . 
  yes , but it is important that we find out the real identity of the attackers , as those are valuable to discover the identities of other , surviving members of the network . 
  was n't there an estonian journalist that interviewed an al-qaeda member in syria and then later on recognized him among a group of refugees in germany ? 
  relative to its population , the largest group of jihadi 's travelling to syria is from belgium , so your observation is not random . 
  i know there are a couple of belgian cities with ghettoes were integration failed in a spectacular fashion , even more so then in other western european countries . 
  what the other poster said is also true , belgium is the european hub for illegal arms trade . 
  money can buy every result possible . 
  i am guessing the grotesque version of richard d. james is supposed to resemble le pen ? 
  isis has taken responsibility in a statement . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  la marsellaise is universally known by french citizens , and probably the most popular intangible cultural icon of france . 
  i am positive they are ** very ** aware of their own anthem 's lyrics . 
  the us is more dominant compared to contemporary non-american armies than the roman empire or the british ever were . 
  i 'd be very surprised if a syrian refugee that entered the european union through leros on the 3rd of october would be attending an eagles of death metals concert a mere month later . 
  i think they carried their passports with them as a means of verification that they were indeed people who entered the european union among the stream of refugees , in order to sow more fear among the native european population . 
  i do n't have a problem with people expressing their sympathies , but i dislike the whole trend of hashtags and icons after a terrorist attack ( see also `` je suis charlie '' ) . 
  it feels like a commodification of grief . 
  i also feel as if people are too busy showing their peers that they care instead of actually caring . 
  that seems like a technicality that would be ignored . 
  nobody is going to say `` oh it is such a shame that / technically / isis is not a nation , now we ca n't attack it '' . 
  hindsight is 20/20 , i am not sure whether you can convict someone of high treason for bad policies . 
  that sounds like american-style populism . 
  americans always react super snarky to complaints about american policies . 
  you guys ' patriotism is hilariously fragile . 
  ca n't even handle objectively true arguments against us policy . 
  a lot of european buildings have those too , they just were n't situated at that side of the building . 
  when you join the army you are fighting a war for the elites . 
  you are not defending your home soil , you 're just terrorizing civilians in countries far away . 
  patriottism is toxic . 
  once you commit terrorist attacks you forfeit all your human rights imo . 
  i could n't care less if the attackers were brutally murdered . 
  i hope they get dragged outside and shot in the head , execution style . 
  serves them right . 
   while reporting on police movements at bataclan fuck i hate cnn so much i hate them so much , please someone make that channel go bankrupt, 
  please stay safe , friend . 
  please stay safe , friend . 
  i am praying for your friend . 
  i hope it is going to be okay . 
  yes , but the archipelago is called the `` british isles '' , regardless of political identity . 
  denmark would like a word with you . 
  the worst tv shows on dutch television are from the us . 
  american tv is screamy , obnoxious and lowest-common-denominator . 
  why do north american redditors always assume that we appreciate this banter coming from them ? 
  dutch : * de vries - the frisian * de vlaminck - the flemish * van [ city name ] - of [ city name ], 
  it 's * quran * and * geert * . 
  he or she did n't say that at all . 
  god , why is reddit populated with people that distill some sort of outrageous claim that was never made out of the comment they reply to ? 
  it is a seriously childish form of debating . 
  it is the perfect storm : a submission on negative actions of the far-right , but without bias in the title , submitted in / r/europe , during a period that the subreddit suffers from rampant immispam . 
  well , bring it on . 
  what is this magical `` often overseen '' aspect ? 
  anti-ziganism has always been present in / r/europe , but the recent onslaught of immispam is completely unprecedented . 
  * 1991 korfbal wk , we were so close to a back-to-back winning streak * ; _ ;, 
  like libertarianism , socialism , nationalism , conservatism and social democracy , green politics is an universal ideology . 
  i 'd wager that all democracies have at least one environmentalist party participating in the elections . 
  green politics is not this novel , gimmicky idea that exists in one or two countries . 
  not at all . 
  the article is misleading . 
  one green politician proposed this in his book , there is no actual proposal from the party itself . 
  not that i know of . 
  just the english-speaking countries and the former british colony of malta . 
  despite english being a popular language to learn , as it is the de facto lingua franca of the world , a lot of european nations take great pride in their own native languages and do n't see themselves as satellite regions of the uk/us cultural sphere . 
  this is becoming more and more untrue by the day , but maybe i should keep my mouth shut as a dutchman . 
  same here . 
  we also call them `` esten '' . 
  litland would confuse the hell out of me . 
  latvia is already letland in dutch . 
  that 's because gruzia derives from the russian name for the country . 
  sakartvelo literally translates to kartvelia . 
  the dutch , living up to their stereotype of bluntness , have an even more direct proverb : `` ongenode gasten zet men achter de deur '' which translates to : `` uninvited guests should be placed on the other side of the door '' . 
  correct . 
  historically , english also made this distinction . 
  icelandic does in fact still make this distinction , by using the \u00fe ( thorn ) and the \u00f0 ( eth ) . 
  old english also used these two letters , but they fell out of use after a while . 
  that is not a thing though , is it ? 
  i remember only the `` ci '' , `` cu '' and `` z '' being pronounced as `` th '' , not the regular `` s '' . 
  we already call it estland over here ( the netherlands ) . 
  i like `` esthonia '' more . 
  it looks more distinguished . 
   funny sounding runic speech it is a little known fact that the western parts of ireland are home to considerable populations of fluent elfish speakers . 
  your particular brand of the english language is recognized as its own language according to this commenter !, 
  look at it from the positive side : this implies your distance from britain even more !, 
  is n't that more a dutch thing , the directness to the point of being blunt and offensive ? 
  i always found germans exceptionally polite and indirect compared to my own countrymen . 
  well-written , and i agree . 
  there is a narrative in western european media that eastern europeans are supposedly barbaric and uncultured . 
  when i visited hungary , poland and the czech republic , i was pleasantly surprised by how hospitable the people were . 
  my cousin went hitchhiking to wroclaw and within minutes of arriving , people that noticed they looked a little lost helped them find their destination address . 
  i remember the same level of willingness to help complete strangers when in katowice and prague . 
   the tear gas used in west is probably more like a freedom gas , producing tears of joy for the migrants arriving to a democracy or something . 
  i laughed . 
  it was n't meant as an insult . 
  [ badlands is a type of terrain ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/badlands ) . 
  is n't that mostly because most people in the american west live in big cities ? 
  that might give the illusion of overcrowding even though 95 % of your state might be uncultivated badlands . 
  a self-aware yank . 
  i like that . 
  get on board , kid . 
  oh god i was not prepared for that at all .
