  religious marriage has literally no effect outside of church . 
  and if a church wants to grant their members some special status , let them . 
  it 's not like it affects you . 
  and why did you mention religious marriage anyway ? 
  a different kind of union available solely to parents of underage children, 
  all kinds of civil marriage should be abolished . 
  civil marriage \u2260 religious marriage \u2260 spiritual marriage, 
  what 's the original ? 
  i have him tagged as resident troll - he never disappoints, 
   french celebration is however about republican virtue , disconnected from nationality yup , that 's why france used to opress all those regional minoity languages . 
  what 's wrong with nationalism ? 
  every european state is built on nationalism . 
  no one goes to church anymore, 
  this is a post with landscape pictures and you act like he 's insulting your mother in it . 
  ca n't you see how childish you look ? 
   it 's deliberately meant to provoke as is obvious and so you consiously took the bait . 
  congratulations , i guess ? 
   if an albanian redditor with a history of trolling , provocative and nationalistic posting , genocide denial and spamming activities posted a thread entitled `` a few secenes of the republic of kosovo '' then i 'm sure the reaction would be the same . 
  it 's your problem if you hold personal grudge against this person but i do n't see why posting history should be a concern when he posts non-offensive content like this  i hope you do n't mind if germans invade half of poland , kill everyone in it , then some german redditor submits a thread entitled `` the beauties of danzig/breslau , germany '' on / r/europe . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it does n't exist, 
  i imagine you react the same way about kosovo threads, 
  bosnia is not a country . 
  surely you must mean bosnia and hercegovina . 
  nah , i was answering his question, 
  people who say things like :  it 'd be like someone writing `` the most beautiful pictures from novorossiya '' or `` some nice scenes from crimea , russia '' . 
  he does n't care about the pictures , it 's just a cheap provocation with nationalist undertones . 
  i do n't care about his other posts . 
  also my second sentence , from my comment above , still applies . 
  butthurt, 
  you 're delusional . 
  i had no idea so many people were this butthurt here in / r/europe, 
  or maybe , just maybe , he had a set of photos from that region and wanted to share ??? 
  things are only provocative only when you allow them to be, 
  the difference is that people 's republic of donetsk is not a recognized region but a breakaway state, 
  americans write things like miami , florida all the time , are they retarded ? 
  no they are n't . 
  they 're just descriptions . 
  are you people all retarded ? 
  if someone submitted a post titled `` a few scenes of nordrhein-westfalen '' or '' `` a few scenes of south tirol '' absolutely no one would give a shit . 
  but of course you people must turn a set of pictures into political shitposting . 
  grow up . 
  you 're reading too much into my comment i 'm saying that being polish helped the company because they spent less money on the developement but still sold their games to international market at what would be seen as more expensive for an average polish consumer, 
   but i doubt the witcher 's success you can pay the programmers 3x less than you 'd have to in wester europe , that 's a big differnce, 
  poland is getting more expensive faster than it is becoming richer . 
  that 's the biggest problem . 
  well maybe if bolsheviks actually read marx it would n't be so bad, 
  lots of infrastructure projects at that time http://www.msz.gov.pl/en/foreign_policy/europe/european_union/poland_ineu/poland_in_eu/poland_in_eu, 
  i wish it was n't, 
   everyone 's best interest you 're delusional if you really think that , and i say that as a federalisation supporter, 
  because it 's easier and better, 
  here 's an interactive website dedicated to this sort of thing : http://www.dawnotemuwkrakowie.pl/miniatury/1-ul-sw-krzyza/, 
   because poland is in 95 % flat country that number is not that high, 
  yeah but the people were always considered german by themselves and others until ww1, 
  americans on the internet are overly nostalgic for german prussia , for some reason, 
  yeah we get it . 
  you do n't need to say the same thing three times . 
  i do n't even understand what 's the point you 're making . 
  that 's beside my point, 
  true , though there was a sizeable polish minority there already and next to no russians, 
  exactly . 
  well in 1939 germany was very insecure from the west . 
  even the german commanders back then that invading poland was extremely risky . 
  france was well prepared and if it wanted to , the war could be over much quicker . 
  it was just cowardice ; and it did n't even save them as they were ran over by the germans a year later anyway, 
   becoming more isolationist by threatening iran and china ? 
  what ? 
  if there are relevant news stories involving him , as many people as possible should be aware of that . 
  pretending he does n't exist solves nothing , only makes people ignorant . 
  it 's not like he 's browsing reddit and looking for attention here . 
  except in palestine the local arabs stayed there so the ethnic conflict still exists  that also applies to prussia . 
  my second point does n't . 
  because it was a throwaway land anyway that was supposed to be taken from germany as a punishment . 
  all the german residents got replaced by russian settlers in a couple years . 
  migh as well have been jews instead of russians  and palestine was a suitable place for a jewish home state . 
  i 'd say it was n't in 1948 and isnt now . 
  all of their neighbors hate them . 
  jewish state after ww2 should have been made in prussia , not palestine . 
  well do you really want foreigners to own your land ? 
  what are the statistics when we compare countries by number of all sexual assaults ? 
   title learn to read, 
   if this is the type of content about the balkans that makes you laugh i never said that . 
  you could n't have a more butthurt title if you tried . 
  this is what all those people laugh at when they hear about the balkans . 
   accusing croatia of being a fascist state no one did that . 
  you 're just as bad as the other guy in this moment . 
   so next time you accuse an entire nation no one accused the entire nation . 
  and not even the nation , but the state . 
  but they were considered german by everyone before ww1 and still should be . 
  just because their northern country calls themselves germany does n't mean there arent other countries with germans . 
  not every country needs to have a separate nationality . 
  thanks to that way of thinking we get things like macedonia making up history when it 's not there, 
  is it used in the same manner as a duke in english ? 
  in polish we use ` ksi\u0105\u017c\u0119 ' for both duke and prince which makes it confusing . 
  while we could be using wojewoda for duke and it would also be historically accurate . 
  * * great nation but people are * kurwas . 
  it 's wojewoda in polish ... they seem to have dropped the first part, 
  that 's a very big if , you know that ? 
  that one poll was from like january when nobody even heard about duda, 
   you are right about the marshall plan , but its influence is commonly overstated it 's not when it comes to germany - in normal circumastances a losing country would have to pay huge reparations to the allies . 
  not only did they avoid that , they got the aid themselves,
