  i said that 's it 's wrong that a government of a country glorifies genociders of a neighboring nation . 
  that 's all . 
  i never said anything about the people . 
  i feel offended . 
   do n't judge people by their government ? 
  i never did ??? 
  strawman dude, 
   , it would become a superpower overnight only if it wanted to . 
   increase your public spending in social benefits then . 
  `` just stop being poor '', 
  why is everyone itt forgetting that the litas was pegged to the euro since 2002 ???? 
  no shit nothing changed, 
  but east slavs do n't have vowel length . 
  wtf are you taking about . 
  czech and slovak are the only ones with vowel length , and this length is not directly related to the one in proto slavic . 
  you mean free word stress ? 
  every slavic language can be called an outlier . 
  serbo-croatian has pitch accent . 
  czech and slovak have vowel length . 
  polish has nasals . 
  bulgarian has no declension . 
  golden hours lmao, 
  your government does . 
  this is unacceptable, 
  do n't be silly . 
  having policy that welcomes refugees and ignores international agreements and the usual definition of refugee is inviting . 
   she said things like that the german constitution knows no limits for asylum seekers and that she wo n't be ashamed for the fact that germany is being friendly . 
  she 's not stupid . 
  she knew very well what that would sound like to refugees . 
  to them it 's basically an invitation . 
  well you 're not wrong, 
  i have trouble believing that . 
  serbo-croatian has like half the phonemes of ukrainian and has like 3 additional tenses and has many turkish loanwords , while both russian and ukrainian were united little over 1000 years ago, 
  why are people downvoting this ? 
  it 's factually true . 
  is someone from latakia a refugee ? 
  i know it 's not a good thing but i do n't see anything about it that has to do with free speech, 
  as in , shared budget , fiscal policy , common agencies and everything ? 
  infringement on free speech would be if they banned different point of view from being published . 
  if you do n't like tvp you can watch another channel with different bias . 
  that 's what free speech is about . 
  so do you want united european tax policy ? 
  if there was to be a currency union it makes sense for participants to be similar economically . 
  i know it sounds like a joke nowadays , but if someone cared in the 90s this could have happened . 
  or any kind of economic union . 
  because it exists but does n't do anything . 
  kind of like the nordic group . 
  the member countries are very similar culturally and economically but unfortunately everyone thinks pan-european integration is more important than that with the nearest regions . 
   free speech what 's wrong with that in poland ? 
  nothing changed . 
  it was different with tusk . 
  that was about political struggle between pis and him . 
  this is about economic interests that could affect not only poland , but also rest of the region negatively, 
  either way the french have no right to complain . 
  same thing happened to poles , [ during ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ) and [ before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd ) the war . 
  how are these statistics relavant ? 
  they are n't about the uk but about the respective countries, 
   if it was n't a codified crime at that given point . 
  holocaust was n't illegal under nazi germany law . 
  so we should let it go , right ? 
   have you seen what counts as art nowadays ? 
  you mean all the movies and songs ? 
  they 're great , are n't they ? 
   what i ca n't respect is you being pro russian at the same time . 
   i do n't see that, 
  buda *, 
  i was suspected that but i was hoping that it would n't come down to this . 
  how is that propaganda ? 
  it 's a statement by a polish minister, 
  how does that relate to my question ? 
  the point is , trump 's behaviour does nothing to help him , it only makes him look bad in fact . 
  probably because it 's genuine . 
  so why would he be doing this intentionally ? 
   proto-slavs just branching out of baltic language group or we could say proto-slavs branched out of proto-balto-slavic , like people said here itt . 
  how is that any different ? 
  we 've got migrants from ukraine already tyvm . 
  christians , speak similar language , have similar culture . 
  this way of thinking not only is not solidary but it 's also shortsighted , completely uneconomical and petty . 
  yes , the great patronizing `` we pay you , now shut up and do what i say '' attitude, 
  gravity is a theory . 
  taking care of refugees is not part of eu members responsibilites . 
  this whole thing is a case of power abuse by germany . 
   returning the national prosecutor to the ministry of justice somehow nobody had a problem with this for 15 years, 
  you mean 11 ? 
  why ? 
  nah it 's punching souther scotland for sure . 
  the leave campaign was not representative of the uk society or leave voters . 
  anyone could campaign for either side . 
  so he actively pretends to be stupid to what ? 
  to look like an idiot in front of everyone ? 
  he gains nothing from this . 
  it 's not some 13d chess play . 
  occam 's razor . 
  so he 's just pretending to be retarded ? 
  he speaks like a 10 year old . 
   it 's a case of talk shit , get hit see this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  everyone treats this like the entire british nation personally insulted them and their mother by deciding what to do with their country . 
  we should accept it , not be hostile, 
  you ca n't just attach a group from 1100 years ago to a modern ethnicity , if they 're not directly related . 
  are you serious or going along with the joke,
