  death penalty ? 
  the jewish state shold have been founded in prussia instead of palestine, 
   that is against the constitution well you 're not getting the pointof this thread, 
  there 's a team in polish top football league called bruk-bet termalica nieciecza . 
  so much product placement because it 's a small village . 
   then tried to reform into a usa-esque system ( we have the exact same branches , executive , legislative and judicial . 
  [ that 's not unique to the usa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers#montesquieu.27s_separation_of_powers_system ), 
  because it 's true . 
  it 's very apparent when you look at how they dealt with greece after the crisis . 
  what about * sacredieu * and * sacrebleu ? 
  doesnt corbyn want to make st patrick a national bank holiday ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i feel some misunderstanding here . 
  closed means that you vote just for the party list ( [ pic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/bulleten_gosduma_2011.jpg ) ) open means that you vote for a candidate and a party list at the same time with one vote ( [ pic ] ( http://3obieg.pl/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/karta.jpg ) )  some of them even allow people to decide who should be put on the list and all allow some kind of feedback on how they should be ranked what do you mean by this ? 
  is it official or is it done through the party ? 
   especially their president ( our version of george bush ) have become the butt of all political jokes . 
  he was everything , minister for defence , who oversaw the most `` transparent '' arms deal in history of slovenia , which just happened to be also the biggest case of corruption withing government . 
  he was minister for environment , where had to step down , because he fucked up with trash cans some how . 
  and now he 's for some reason our foreign minister . 
   he 's 56 and was 44 when he joined the party ... hmmm ... 
  why do you have a system with closed party lists ? 
   as you see which wiki article is this from ? 
   always created in 2015 . 
  also this is their first time in the parliament . 
  so what is this comment based on ? 
  you could have said psl, 
   but as nationalists are , all others are evil , the own nationalism is always good . 
  well that 's like saying you like winning wars and at the same time hating when your opponent wins wars . 
  seems logical enough to me , as silly and obsoloete nationalist movements seems nowadays, 
   fein  fianna  fine are these words related or do they just sound alike ? 
  how does that work out ? 
  does the hungarian minority benefit from that in any way ? 
  we kind of have that with the partition borders being visible - former russian and austrian parts vote conservative as they are more rural . 
  [ see this ] ( http://www.newsweek.pl/g/i.aspx/860/0/newsweek/635683545043103943.png ) interesting how it prevails despite the population movements after wwii in western poland . 
  btw are there any differences between regat and transylvania that carry over to politics ? 
   erika steinbach one of the most well known german politicians in poland , at least a few years ago, 
  obviously he was implying they do n't care about the voters at all . 
  city ? 
  country ? 
  failures to protect it from serbia , yeah, 
   for me a day is 12h of sunlight but you know that 's not how it works , outside of 2 days in the year ? 
   second favorite minority , first being slovaks . 
   for fillon he wanted to fit in, 
  wow , that 's shorter than i expected ... 
  i guess that 's normal in countries with truly representative systems . 
  seems like that the more representative the system is , the shorter time people spend in the parliament . 
  in the uk dennis skinner has been in the house of commons for forty seven years so far . 
  [ this is how it looks over here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vrs8mhz.png ), 
  is that actually true ? 
  he 's been there since 1998 , that does n't seem that long, 
  what the hell does that mean ? 
  what dialect is it in ? 
  are they worth watching ? 
  can you explain them to me in this case ? 
  i was just trying to get the closest phonetic approximation . 
  more like mhladimior pution, 
  i do n't really see how that 's offensive . 
  i mean i understand it implies ireland is a british country and that can be painful to the irish . 
  but i have no problems with the name as the word `` british '' comes from a celtic nation that were the ancestors of the welsh . 
   also , and this is a cheap shot but i 'll say it anyway , the percentage of ethnic romanians in interwar romania was the same as the percentage of ethnic poles in interwar poland . 
  would you be comfortable applying a similar logic to it ? 
  not the same logic because there is more behind poland 's demographic . 
  the state we got in the interwar period was a bad compromise between tow ideas : the national polish state and a larger federation of all the nations like poles , ukrainians etc. 
  , more similar to the 1st republic of the old days . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it should have become independent - see , it 's not just romanians that lived there but also hungarians , gypsies and germans . 
  so you want to forcefolly move people , and treat them like property of the nation-states ? 
  why not just move the border to be accurate with the population ? 
  even if it was non-continous and messy , it 's still a lot better than your proposal . 
   a population exchange should 've been organized . 
  are you serious ? 
   additional i read conspiracy theories that the european union has interests in building a greater albania ? 
  what would be the aim of eu by doing so ? 
  this does n't sound lke a conspiracy theory but i still do n't think that 's necessairly correct . 
  i think americans prefer kosovo to be separate from albania because they can have more control over it that way . 
  it would be better for everyone if transylvania became an independent country after wwi . 
  why ca n't they go to a neighboring country ? 
  it 's not europe 's respnsobility to take care of the whole world . 
  if europe really cared we 'd intervene in venezuela politically or otherwise , it 's not enough to pick up the casualties after someone . 
  how is \u044d connected to other letters following it ? 
  is the middle dash continued in the next letter ? 
  why are your tittles one spot to the right ? 
  except the ones in ` like ' and ` lift ', 
  it 's not . 
  you 're only saying that because you 're not familiar . 
   does your country 's handwriting have number seven with dash or without it ? 
  i have noticed that british and americans do n't write a dash , but we do . 
  [ all i have to say ] ( https://68.media.tumblr.com/8cff389176b7cad624e462d014315eb9/tumblr_olun4odvtr1sl58vfo1_500.jpg ), 
   so why not legalize state-recognition for gay marriage ? 
  i never said that . 
  i said that we must either reduce or expand the current legal unions to be logically consistent , or separate those , and decide if we want to base them on children or not . 
  if yes then i have nothing against gay parents using those . 
  i 'm using this discussion top propose something else entirely because the current system is really strange when you think about it, 
  i meant non romantic partners . 
  also half of your post is a giant straw man . 
  i never said i support the christian side of marriage , i was just saying historical facts . 
  in fact im completely against legally recognizing church marriages as it happens in some countries . 
  and against legal recognition of organized religion , as something different that a non profit ngos . 
  infertile people get married because of tradition . 
  in the past there was no way to check for infertility and obviously it was a custom to marry first , have sex later . 
  do n't forget that civil marriage in europe comes from the christian tradition .
