  this guy has a point . 
  that 's how the seats are given out in european parliament . 
  would you people be happy if germany had 200 times more seats than malta ? 
  this post would n't be so high on / r/europe if he voted for le pen, 
  back in my days university was a word that did n't get thrown around like that . 
   for us , nazi germany was lesser evil . 
   because germany lost the war . 
  if he won there would be no lithuania or its nation . 
  yeah but killing is n't actually necessary . 
  it 's just easier that way . 
  [ do n't you remember when komorowski tried to suck up to russians ? 
  so just like literally every other eu country ? 
  just create condominiums/buffer states in the contested areas :\\ ^ ), 
  `` central europe '' was never about the geographical center, 
  shame that your comment got burried while all you did was bring a balanced view, 
  so you agree that back in the 50s france was an african country because algeria was 4 times bigger than the metropoly ? 
  source ? 
  and that 's not enough anyway . 
  the western world believes crimea is a part of ukraine while the truth is that crimea is here to stay with russia and no amount of wishful thinking can change that, 
  colonies of europe, 
  it feels so weird how so many people do n't agree with you there, 
  explain why france is n't a south american country . 
  so let 's start asap, 
  it was but it was n't a sovereign country, 
  4 % is still huge . 
  afterall 16 % was the largest percentage , in poland . 
  getting a parliament that actually represents people 's opinion would be a good thing regardless of some fringe parties getting in . 
  why is the eu fine with uk 's parliament supremacy ? 
  thanks to our voting treshold 15 % or 1 million votes went to the trash and one party got 51 % of the parliament seats with 38 % votes . 
  i wish we switched to sainte-lague with no voting treshold and to mandatory voting with ` none of above ' option on the ballot . 
  history has shown that the more direct the democracy , the better . 
  giving privilege to the biggest one or two parties does nothing good , it only widens the gap between the needs of the society and actual postulates that get proposed by politicians . 
   kwje\u0107y\u0144 holy shit why does this silesian orthography exist . 
  i mean i already think the polish one is bad enough , but there are regional dialects , like northern masovian where it 's pronounced exactly the same as in silesian but they still use polish orthography because they are smart enough to realize that orthography does n't have to be exactly phonetic . 
  some of the features of silesian only exist to separate connections between polish and silesian . 
   russia is simply too large that does n't matter . 
  after all center of europe is in czechia by all means . 
   then almost half of this map is east which does n't make much sense what ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  if something is in the middle then it 's not eastern . 
   you sound like one of those guys for whom being lithuanian means , in addition to other things , having as little to do with poland as possible . 
   that was pretty much the basis of lithuanian nationalism in 19th century . 
  unfortunate . 
   russia  it 's complicated pretty sure it 's as east as it can be . 
  and russia and macedonia, 
  clearly not in this case . 
  technicalities . 
  most irish people ca n't say anything in their language other than a greeting . 
  let 's be real . 
  english is the language of ireland . 
  i 'm not happy about it but that 's the truth . 
  the eu is already desperately fighting against it they 're not fighting against english , they 're fighting for other languages . 
  it should n't be mandatory to speak english in the eu . 
   the uk leaving could easily pave the way for formalising english as a european common language , as doing so would no longer represent the eu favouring one member state over another ireland ? 
  i 'm not . 
  he 's a disgrace to the european union . 
  he embodies what many people dislike about it, 
  politics are no place for banter . 
  god you sound so pretensious and snobbish . 
  `` broken version '' give me a break . 
  that 's my point . 
  just because a politician runs a campaign focused of bringing jobs back , does n't mean he will bring every single one . 
  it 's just a ridiculous thing to point out . 
  some jobs are just not worth taking back for anyone . 
  andpeople who make these kinds of articles like to circlejerk how this one thing is totally making those politicians dumb hypocrites . 
  if wwii did n't happen there would be no need for israel . 
  either that or it could be created regardless of the war . 
  after all , jewish settlement in palestine has been a thing since late 19th century . 
  or maybe the world is n't black and white and there 's no point in bringing back textile industry jobs back to a developed country ? 
  this is totally unrelated but what language do they speak in the football nt of belgium ? 
  i bet not even the president knows, 
  exactly no details are known yet . 
   polish president andrzej duda has said that the nation should decide whether to introduce changes to the constitution , proposing a referendum next year . 
  `` poles have a right to say whether the constitution , which has been in force for 20 years , should be changed , '' duda said during events marking the 3 may constitution day celebrations in warsaw . 
  `` it 's time for a serious constitutional debate , not just with politicians but with the whole of the nation . '' duda added that poles themselves should be able to decide on the directions of the country 's development . 
  `` which civil rights , which freedoms must be more strongly highlighted , '' he said . 
  wednesday , a national holiday in poland , marked the anniversary of the signing of the polish constitution in 1791 , the first such document in europe . 
  poland `` should be a country where everyone is absolutely equal before the law '' , duda said . 
  he said the country should be a place `` where there are no unfounded privileges , where there are no better castes of citizens , where all citizens are united . 
  this is a task which , in my opinion as president , must be fulfilled . '' in his speech in from of the royal castle in warsaw 's old town , duda added that such a choice should be taken through a public vote . 
  `` i want to have a referendum on the constitution of the republic next year -- the 100th anniversary of independence , '' duda said . 
  the pioneering 3 may constitution was considered a threat to the european status quo by russia , austria and prussia , especially in the light of the french revolution , and the polish reforms hastened the dismemberment of poland by the aforementioned countries . 
  however , although the 3 may became a public holiday after poland was reborn following world war i , the holiday was banned by the moscow-backed communist regime that took power after world ii . 
  so why do you say  putin refuses to let that happen ... 
  i wonder why ? 
  no sane country would allow that , regadless of it doing the crime or not, 
   putin refuses to let that happen ... 
  i wonder why ? 
  stop saying things like these , it only makes you seem uneducated https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/656vk1/russia_vetoes_un_security_council_investigation/dgbpgux/, 
  yes ordering a strike before anyone had the chance to investigate on what exactly happened is such a level headed action . 
  oxens , feets and mices, 
  i 've been there , it 's horribly tacky . 
  arabs are also white . 
  you got downvoted because you sound like a douche in that comment, 
  the guy before said :  after that eu elites would probably try to populate this no man 's land with mahmouds fron middle east , so i 'm pointing out the hypocrisy . 
  yeah but it 's in russia . 
  that 's even worse . 
  they have high ratio of isis volunteers per capita and now want to put gays in camps , no thanks . 
  nationality is about your self-identification . 
  citizenship is about your legal status .
