   but look at the difference between poland and the ukraine . 
   that 's more on ukraine fucking up , not poland doing great . 
  establish colonies and send the power hungry corrup ones theme, 
  why would it not be ? 
  it just implies the church exists , that 's all . 
   but it currently implies there 's a significant amount of othodox christians in the uk no it does n't . 
   where 2 executive powers ( wtf ) are always going to clash am i the only one who thinks this is a good thing ? 
  actually it 's 4 +3 : francophone community , dutch-speaking community , german-speaking community , bilingual community + flanders , wallonia , brusselles . 
   i think the flaw with this map is that it does n't proportionately show the influence of each church . 
   it 's not supposed to ? 
  why do you assume k15 will approve of these changes ? 
  it 's a funny coincidence how orban was a prime minister , lost the job , and then returned 8 years later . 
  pis did the same thing , only later - '07 - '15 as opposed to '02 - '10, 
   pis is very popular with young people . 
  pis is very popular with no one . 
  half of the country does n't vote and out of the ones that voted , majority chose the opposing parties . 
  i hope so, 
   but choosing who would be the king , oh boy , i can already see that shitstorm . 
  well i 'm not a fan of democratically choosing a king because then he 's just a president for life . 
  once i had a silly idea that monarchs could be chosen via a sport - each team would stand behind one candidate and they would determine the winner in a tournament . 
  that assumes that if the king is a figurehead anyway , why limit it eternally to some rich family ? 
  why not have fun with it ? 
  it 's not and it 's been proved to work in those other countries, 
  how are you not getting it ? 
  if the person is elected by the bigger majority , that means he is ready for compromise, 
  a compromise president is better than the president of a simple majority - which should be represented by the parliament anyway i 'm not saying he should be a perfect human being , i 'm saying he would be a person that more than one party can agree with, 
  because the parliament or an electoral college can hold talks and choose their candidates , all in a group of less than 500 people . 
  then they can try voting in a candidate they like , and they can try many times until they finally elect one . 
  try doing this with referendums . 
  not really , not if it requires larger majority, 
  as long as the post is n't hereditary , i 'd be fine with it . 
   `` you ca n't act in accordance with the values of the party that you were in pre election ? '', 
  see my other reply . 
  banning people for that would be counterproductive as people would find workaround , and would be impossible to judge objectively whether the president is breaking that rule or not . 
  the real solution is choosing in consensus . 
  i do n't know either . 
  ideally a president would be someone chosen by the larger majority , like 2/3 . 
  this would ensure that the person chosen is the one whose views cross party boundaries and it would be known that he would n't just ally with one party . 
  but that 's pretty much impossible . 
  it * would * be possible if he was chosen by a legislature , or maybe even some kind of electoral body , but not by the populace . 
  i wish in poland the president would be required by law to be above party politics ( not literally ) , that 's not how it is at all and has n't been that way since 2005 . 
  nowadays the only thing that matters about a president is if he 's with the ruling party or not . 
   `` i 'd order the police to beat the protesting unionists ( ... ) if i were the prime minister or the police chief i 'd go out myself , so that some policeman would n't be afraid do beat the president [ of solidarno\u015b\u0107 ] i 'd beat him up myself ''  what 's the original quote ? 
  relevant username, 
  stop believing memes , there 's no alt right in poland, 
   kaszcinsky fucking kill me already, 
   / u/weneedtofederalize not even subtle, 
  i wish more lithuanians thought like you , people of the land need to be respected . 
   it was started in poland nazi-occupied polish lands k thx, 
  what kinds of enclaves ? 
  of people with different ethnicity ? 
  with a different political views ? 
  this whole deal makes you think fondly of the pre-modern times , where certain ethnic groups had certain privileges in their areas , like jews or armenians . 
  there was no nationalism driving the state , nobody was expected to lose their culture and integrate into the country 's leading culture . 
  countries like france or lithuania are the worst examples of that , ( in the past ) oppressing not the immigrants but the native people of the land like bretons , basques , alsatians . 
  in this way today 's countries are a lot more oppressive . 
  people always say how progresive and inclusive they are , yet they still are very protective of their native culture which goes against the ideas of democracy and the natural evolution of the world as it has happened over hundreds of years . 
   this is very vulgar usage of word `` democracy '' . 
   democracy protects those who lost the elections and does n't ask certain questions . 
   sounds more like liberal democracy for me rather than just democracy . 
  tolerance = / = acceptance unless you actually want to kick them out or limit freedom of speech for them, 
   still calling it polish city is a stretch because it was never part of poland . 
  choose between the pre-partition definition of poland and lithuania or the nationalist vision . 
  if you choose both then your way of thinking is exactly the same as poland 's in the 20s . 
  so obviously different cases should be treated differently ? 
  mass murderers , war criminals and national traitors usually have no chance for redemption and it 's not crazy to think that in such cases the focus on resocialisation should go away . 
  why do you insist that the system must be so rigid ? 
  it makes no sense . 
   you have never been truly alone in life then . 
  i do n't understand why it is so difficult to grasp the concept that to take away someone 's freedom of movement is basically taking away someone 's life but without the organs stopping of course . 
  what a bunch of bollocks . 
  sounds like a personal projection to me . 
  you use this argument whil eprobably saying at the same time that he 's not ever going out because his prison time will be extended ... 
  which one is it ? 
  obviously a person who 's there for life does n't need to be resocialised, 
   for the other ones that did n't murder a whole island full of people and did something more human instead . 
  those prisons are n't custom made for each prisoner , so he 's got ta make do with what the standard is . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  maybe , just maybe , the sentence should be appriopriate for the crime ? 
  how many users are active though ? 
  poland relevant !!! eleven !! 1 !!, 
  this would have never happened under the po government !, 
  not really . 
  most young people do n't care about politics at all . 
  why are you so bitter ? 
   but due to anger at liberals i mean pis is somewhat leftist in their economic policies but i do n't really see the hate towards the liberal economic decisions of the po government . 
  most people that hate them , do for their corruption . 
  yeah and even if you try to vote for someone new your vote gets thrown into trash . 
  just like it happened to razem , the left and korwin 's party . 
  the current system is in place to keep the old boys in and everyone else out . 
  seriously ? 
  the difference is pretty big , uht seems like dyed water in comparison, 
  the real white privilege, 
   you can tell he loves his country imo . 
  you 're going too far right now . 
  your view is very naive . 
  user *, 
  no , not really . 
  it 's not funny 1 . 
  it 's not accurate 1 .
