  you should know that . 
  i 'm mostly asking those who experienced it . 
  for example in poland there were many chechen refugees because they are from actually neighboring country . 
  you might as well answer the question if you 're here . 
  if not , fine . 
  but that 's like saying `` who cares about genocides in bosnia , rwandan genocide was bigger '' . 
  it 's not a popularity contest . 
  i just wanted to know . 
  i do n't understand . 
  bulgarian uses the cyrillic not latin , what does that even mean ? 
   / g / i did n't realize swedish even has this sound, 
   < ae  and < oe  as ' \u00e4 ' and ' \u00f6 ' respectively  makes sense , since you even have words like \u00c4sthetik , where ae becomes \u00e4 i think it 's kind of silly to borrow words in this manner . 
  yeah , the sound matches up but the umlaut in german occurs in places where the actual process of umlaut actually occurs . 
  kind of like we never use \u00f3 in loanwords . 
  though we use - io in all kinds of places , so i 'm kind of contradicting myself . 
  why are you so anglicised ? 
  makes me sad ... 
  even \u041b\u043e\u0434\u0437\u044c is not really correct , it should be \u041b\u043e\u0434\u044c, 
  also the way you transcribe / y , y / to \u044e and / \u00f8 , \u0153 / to \u0451 send really strange to me . 
  and i have problem with how you write other slavic names , for example polish . 
   even tough athens is closer to china than budapest really made me think, 
   the marshallplan is in my opinion a little overstated on reddit , it was great no question about that , but far from the sole reason . 
  you know what happens after like every war , right ? 
  the loser has to pay huge reparations to the one who caused the defeat so yeah , it 's not overstated in the slightest . 
   what still baffles me is the absolute lack of consideration for word stresses in english . 
  i get pronouncing the ` r ' as if french , but stresses are essential . 
  i do n't agree with you on that . 
  languages have their own patterns and when you 're speaking french , that 's it . 
  you 're not gon na switch into english for one word . 
  in polish there 's this really rigid system of adapting names from standard german ae , oe -  e i , ue -  i/y so generally poles can read german well , of course without going outside of polish phonology, 
  people literally reading their own names pisses me off so much . 
  like , did they never talk with their parents or granparents ? 
  how does that even happen ? 
  / 'd \u025bjkst\u027ea\u0308 /, 
  foreign names are sometimes strangely transliterated to russian, 
  strange , you have ch and tch in french so theoretically it should n't be a problem, 
  or like in the english word `` question '', 
  i mean that scots sometimes do n't even realize what benefits the union with uk bring and how it may be more important than the one with the eu . 
  i 've seen some hypocritical arguements from the people in question so that 's why i 'm asking, 
  but the rest of uk is bigger trading partner for scotland than any other country, 
  not in the mountains though - i happened to get a ride in a minibus and the drivers speed all the time while making seemingly dangerous turns and playing loud disco polo, 
   the polish have that weird name for danzig . 
  we had that name first though , so yeah, 
   `` w \u0141\u00f3dzkiem '' is `` in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a voivodship '' not really , it just means in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a area but not necessairly in the warlordship, 
  it 's normal standard procedure same with nak\u0142o-nakielski , jas\u0142o-jasielski, 
  i know but a circlejerk is a circlejerk - pointless and distracting, 
  i 'm asking this question because the threads on the front page of / r/europe seem to be giant anti-pis circlejerks and not actually about tusk . 
  i have n't seen a single comment describing his achievements as a president, 
  well maybe voter is a wrong word but for example in poland janusz korwin-mikke finds the most support amongst the gymnasium-age people, 
  netherlands ? 
  france has a 2 round system , multi member constituencies and party primaries - the best of all, 
  i meant the voiced equivalent of a soft ch - [ \u029d ], 
  soft ch , sch , z , pf have no voiced equivalents, 
  i 'm oing to say the favourite thing about it : the phonology . 
  my favorite of any foreign language . 
  i love the distinction between the long and short vowels and how the r-colored vowels are pronounced in the standard german . 
  the only flaw i find is the lack of voiced consonants . 
  i hate that because i prefer order-free languages, 
  the first two have the same legal status as the british ones . 
  is it because catalonia does n't have its own national sport team ? 
  i mean they probably exist but they do n't play in the world cup or anything . 
  and it 's not like the legal sovereingty matters - just look at british nations . 
  wales has had separate national football team since 1876 and became a part of fifa in 1906 . 
  even though they legally became separate from england in 1998, 
  even in the most optimistic scenario : let 's assume putin goes away and russia becomes pro-eu . 
  but would they even be allowed to join ? 
  are n't they too big , territory and population wise ? 
  are these popular in your country ? 
  did you have to read them for school ? 
  i do that , it just feels natural to me, 
   in staggered elections , not all places in an elected body are up for election at the same time . 
  for example , united states senators have a six-year term , but they are not all elected at the same time . 
  rather , elections are held every two years for one-third of senate seats . 
  i do n't think a system like this would be possible in the dutch system without very major reforms , because they do n't use electoral districts . 
  assuming 4-5 term lengths , yearly elections and that a country is divided into equally populated regions that vote in particular years : pros : * national opinion is reflected in the legislature and is up to date * there 's rarely a feeling of being trapped within an unfortunate political configuration - like one party getting a majority and doing whatever they want for the full term * nation can react quickly to the policies enacted by the government * you still get to vote as frequently as you 'd normally do . 
  * there 's more fluidity - it would be rare for huge upsets to happen suddenly ( like for example in france , socialist party went from having a majority to being irrelevant ) * smaller and regional parties might be heard more cons : * in smaller countries with little regional media , the country can become trapped within a constant electoral campaign season * it might be more expensive to run . 
  * it 's impossible to call for early elections - ( though they may be less necessary due to frequent election , but you still need to wait for the regular election ) * it can be confusing for some people to follow , with deputies coming and going every year edit : i made a ( bad ) mockup of how it could look like in poland . 
  do mps have to give up their seats when they become ministers ? 
  or is it a requirement to be a deputy to become a minister , even ? 
  i hate how belarusian orthography went full serbocroatian . 
   we call russians vends hungarians call slovenes that . 
  or so i heard that it 's archaic . 
  that 's would be a shame . 
  not really . 
  i saw te photo and the first thing i thought was `` yup , that 's malta '' before looking at the title, 
   you find that there were and still are many prisons specifically for sexual deviants around the world where many homosexuals and transgender people are locked up . 
  they might not endure torture but that 's just one step better . 
   in some countries they do n't bother , they are just sentenced to death, 
  you know i do n't edit my comments out of spite . 
  i 'm on my phone and i 'm getting reply notifications late . 
  wow , way to be bitter . 
  i did n't comment on the rest of what you said because i agreed with it  please inform me on who my ancestors were . 
  what are your getting at ? 
  i do n't care who your ancestors were . 
  you 're fighting a straw man . 
  stop being so insecure . 
  but people who claim that in belarus are minority , even amongst nationalists  i love how that sounds btw . 
  lithuanians are not lithuanians ) . 
  that s not really a good point , names do n't always make sense after a passage of time . 
  see rome , macedonia , ruthenia/russia,
