  what ? 
  i said that belarus does n't really about the grand ducal heritage , so how are they similar to macedonia who claims history of a nation that was there 2300 years ago and is not connected to them in any way except location ? 
  iran was occupied in ww2, 
  why ? 
  poland . 
  they rebranded themself as a modern leftist party but the same people were running sld . 
  but lithuanians claim otherwise , hence the problem . 
  and i would n't say they 're not related - they very much are , just not to the extend they think . 
  and belarus does n't really pursue the grand ducal lithuanian heritage under lukashenko so it 's not really a matter of discussion in diplomacy , like in macedonia v. greece, 
  source : http://matritum.deviantart.com/art/if-england-was-divided-stupidly-as-castile-was-597546184  an administrative division for a piece of england including an inner region of england in its name : england-wessex ( inglaterra-wessex ) . 
   an administrative division for a piece of england including a region that is not england : england and wales ( inglaterra y gales ) . 
  like castile and le\u00f3n ( castilla y le\u00f3n ) . 
   an administrative division for the region near biggest city not including word `` england '' in the name : community of london ( comunidad de londres ) . 
  like community of madrid ( comunidad de madrid ) . 
   an administrative division for a little region of england with a name that does not match so-called region exactly : sussex . 
  like la rioja ( although la rioja , actually , is a natural region , not an historic region ) . 
   an administrative division for a region of england with a name based in a people that lived there , supposedly , millenniums ago : brigantia . 
  like cantabria . 
  not completely . 
  warsaw was a city of noble residences . 
  many of them were destroyed and never rebuilt . 
  saxon palace being the prime example . 
  we need more skywalks . 
  it 's the only thing left to make the cyberpunk fantasies some true , we 've already got surveillance state and high-rise buildings, 
  tatar for crimea and albanian for kosovo , i guess, 
  no , real life, 
   the irish attempted a coup or rebellion literally once a generation so that 's what the irish and the polish have in common, 
  so what 's the best way to get around ? 
  i suppose i will have my wallet stolen in public transport ;p, 
   by creating uber medallions ? 
  dude why are you so mad . 
  you 're fighting a strawman . 
  i never said that taxis must become like ubers or that ubers must become like taxis . 
  3 million is not much in a hospital, 
   i 'm from an eu country which was an ex british colony until soon after ww2 cyprus or malta ? 
  that one graphs that show poland amongst arab countries because a large % of people declare themselves religious, 
   polish friends well i do n't want to be that guy who says poland is not eastern europe but when it comes to mentality the eastern one really begins on ukraine, 
  i 'm sure the same thing exists in 3rd world countries, 
  either way , taxis and uber cars should be on the same ground legally, 
  i never though about this way . 
  it really seems like they 'd be better off if decolonisation happened after the cold war . 
   not as bad as their shitty anti-bussels questionnaire they gave us explain, 
  i do n't think they 're the worst ever , there 's just a lot of them, 
   if austria-hungary survived as some kind of a personal union/federation , i 'd be fine with that . 
  that was exactly franz ferdinand 's plan, 
  not true . 
  we were steadily improving . 
  eu only sped up the progress . 
  uk , france and germany are getting asking fine so it 's understandable, 
  are you that naive ? 
  have you never heard of illegal labor ? 
  the difference between greece and netherland is far greater than between mississippi and ney york . 
  of course alaska is even more expensive but a minority lives there, 
  you 're a prick . 
  genociding armenians helped, 
  how is fn a nazi party, 
  this image does n't even suggest putin is gay to be fair, 
   ironically , the richer you are , the cheaper it is , compared to the west . 
  it is a well known fact that being poor is expensive, 
   36,000 french communes . 
   2.5 % of french towns oh come one , french communes are not equivalent to towns . 
  also most of them are pretty small . 
  sounds like europe has no culture , 
  well if there 's only one kind in the country there is n't much point to naming them locally , do n't you think ? 
  have fun buying electronics or cars - they tend to be the same price, 
  alright then, 
   pre-modern era architecture this is from the modern era, 
   aldi ( stylized as aldi ) is the common brand of two leading global discount supermarket chains with over 10,000 stores in 18 countries , and an estimated combined turnover of more than $ 50 billion.based in germany , the chain was founded by brothers karl and theo albrecht in 1946 when they took over their mother 's store in essen which had been in operation since 1913 . 
   the brothers built up a chain of stores until , by 1960 , they owned 300 shops , and split the operation into two separate groups , that later became aldi nord , headquartered in essen ; and aldi s\u00fcd , headquartered in nearby m\u00fclheim.the two operate independently , each within distinct geographical areas . 
  both are among the world 's largest privately owned companies . 
  decembrists , not decabrites , mistake on my part https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decembrist_revolt  also , does that mean that there was some kind of `` brotherhood '' between russian and polish populace ? 
  like , we 're both oppressed by the tsar , let 's fight for freedom together kind of thing ? 
  spot on . 
  russian populace , and particularly decabrists this was from the november uprising , which was directed against the tsar, 
  is / r/aeiou like an austrian / r/murica ? 
  i think you as a frenchman will find it faster than me, 
   austria : formerly aeiou [ all i can think of ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv6rbeolqro ), 
  the original french motto was [ * libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 , ou la mort * ] ( https://bibliothequedecombat.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/liberte-egalite-fraterniyc3a9-mort.jpg ) why was death dropped ? 
   unless its islam but thats an oddity it does n't work like that m8, 
  you 're forgetting about all the newly independent countries in wwi that became soviet satellites after wwii, 
  i know , short hand . 
  vocabulary is not everything . 
  grammatically most similar is russian, 
  i 'm talking about languages, 
  that 's just because there has been a huge indian and pakistani community since the 50s so they 've have time to establish . 
  poles , lithuanians and romanians on the other hand first started going there massively only since they joined the eu . 
   it 's like koreans , japanese , and chinese well except russian and ukrainian are close related while these 3 are not at all, 
   i know vladimir of kiev refused to have his country take up judanism or catholic christianity because of its restrictions on meat and alcohol . 
  he took up orthodox christianity instead and feasted like no tomorrow well it turned catholic after some time anyway, 
  til . 
  i thought they were british because they have many subsidiaries there that also make the most games . 
  for example rockstar north created gta before it was bought out, 
  debatable, 
   cdproject might be the most successful eu game developer right now ubisoft , rockstar , just of the top of my head, 
  yeah ` appointed by eu ' was an exaggeration on my part . 
  poland is doing pretty well right now . 
  what do you mean, 
   but for a group of people as its usually generalized as , hence why i said racism do n't do that no more . 
  that 's a very bad practice . 
  it 's polarizing and harmful to the discourse .
