  gerrymandering in this case also does n't bring anything other than it does in normal full house elections every 4 or so years . 
  which is very little . 
  if your districts are constitutionally required to be sufficiently large and representative as is in poland , there 's very little to gain from it . 
   some people will always be close to an election , that 's not true . 
  everyone will have the same cycle , the cycle is just differently positioned depending on your location . 
  nobody in particular loses or wins , it changes dynamically . 
   and the remaining two thirds would be fixed for 4 or 6 years . 
  the same as it currently is ? 
  i do n't see people complaining much about it . 
  i think 3-5 year term length is fine . 
  yearly elections would require the deputies to campaign all the time , and it would introduce electoral fatigue for the voters . 
  oops i forgot for a second there that france has a semi-presidential system . 
   the problem is that the french politics is not really one of consensus , people stick to their parties and fight the other side . 
  so we could have blocked parliament during the entire time with this new system . 
  right now , at every election the president gets a majority and nothing happens . 
  so well . 
  i do n't know what 's best . . that 's one of the reasons why i dislike presidential systems . 
  how would you feel about haing such system in the national assembly ? 
   it is obviously an undemocratic part of the election system and made to keep out far-right and extremist parties i think this argument is ridiculous . 
  it implies that extremist parties are inherently unpopular , which is just ridiculous . 
  us uses fptp single member districts . 
  most european countries use open party list proportional system with multiple member per district . 
  there 's a world of difference between those . 
  in fact that proportional system is far closer to the dutch one than to the american one . 
  what do you think about the german system ? 
  about the single-member constituencies and about the 5 % treshold ? 
  i have my fears because the eu ca n't deal with some migrants on boats . 
  imagine what will happen next time there 's a national disaster in africa . 
  that 's why i hope more central institutions are created , like military , unified fiscal and tax system . 
   i grew up reading ukrainian , so sometimes i still mix up a latin letter with the cyrillic one i never have any problems when reading cyrillic or greek . 
  but i often make mistakes when typing due to remembering shapes rather than sounds - with typing \u043f instead of \u0440 or \u0446 instead of \u0441 . 
  i do n't want to be intrusive but your other english language posts seem to be on the native level . 
  and you can only say you truly know a language when you can verbally think in it . 
  stephen king . 
  aside from that , nothing at all . 
  http://deviantsock.deviantart.com/art/zapadoslav-republic-686132356 http://soaringaven.deviantart.com/art/federation-of-zapadoslavia-524300427 http://kazumikikuchi.deviantart.com/art/zapadoslavia-flag-365374698, 
  i think you might have gotten that impression because of landscapes in both countries , which are mainly flat . 
  other than that i do n't see how slovakia is completely different from hungary and poland . 
  rada j\u0119zyka polskiego to jedna z gorszych tego typu krajowych instytucji , dokonuje bardzo arbitrarnych decyzji  i think you should use posz\u0142em in your cv and then you could tell us how that went , hm ? 
  you 're so sure of yourself , should suffice . 
   yep . 
  it 's about the standard polish , otherwise there 's no topic at all . 
  and you know it . 
   also , the masculine form of i went - ( ja ) poszed\u0142em . 
   nope . 
   though , that 's a mistake not just a pronunciation case . 
  but how common it is that you went somewhere to take something ...  that 's only a mistake if you 're an extreme predescriptivist . 
  there 's really no reason to consider * sz\u0142a * as correct but * sz\u0142em * as incorrect . 
  both cases drop the historical * d. *  then 600 . if our lives depended on saying it perfectly , the death toll would be better than after the swedish deluge . 
  it should be sze\u015b\u0107set . 
  it 's super straightforward , it 's just sze\u015b\u0107-set - six-hundred . 
  but no , we make a szejset out of it , and that 's how you have more poles correctly pronouncing seicento than sze\u015b\u0107set . 
  same as above . 
  that 's also not a mistake . 
  that 's just standart consonant reduction that occurs everywhere in polish . 
  unless you say * mie\u015b\u0107ski * instead of * miejski * and * bia\u0142ostoczski * instead of * bia\u0142ostocki . 
  *  ah , 3 . trzy - three ; some make it czy - whether ... 300 - trzysta becomes czysta - clean/pure ( f. ) . 
  if your number starts with 603 you ded . 
   v\u00e4stkustskt ( adjective to describe something particularly westcoasty ) . 
  the ending with - stskt makes it particularly difficult . 
  i ca n't pronounce it without sounding like i have a speech impediment pro tip : say the ` ts ' as a single sound . 
  perfectly possible that way, 
  is it true that certain sounds appear only in certain grammatical conditions ? 
  like only ever is some noun case or in certain tense, 
  is n't ae the same sound as e ? 
  serbocroatian has the same sound as gl - lj, 
  how would it sound if someone used the \u017e sound for \u0159 ? 
  that 's pretty much what we use in polish for rz, 
  this must be good for northern ireland though ? 
  not really because most often / r/poland is not an actual community and it 's just posts by foreign tourists, 
  / r/polska is one, 
   of east prussia just prussia . 
  no east here . 
  never gon na happen anyway . 
  close enough, 
  what does it mean ? 
  yeah i always thought it sounded like a horrible american impression of a british accent, 
  i made it up on spot, 
  we have rada j\u0119zyka polskiego ( council of the polish language ) . 
  most people do n't care but if anyone who 's interested in linguistics dislikes it for its strange arbitrary prescriptivism, 
  most of the crossed the border illegally , did they not ? 
  do you not remember what happened in hungary ? 
  for traitors , we have the [ targowica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/targowica_confederation ) participants, 
  most of the refugees are illegals though, 
  austrians have always called themselves german before the end of wwii, 
  i was thinking about more political drama because i feel like a great story like that of the hussite wars might be wasted as just a background to some adventures, 
  not at all . 
  the name ` cesko ' comes from the name of land of cechy anyway . 
  he 's not a jew so it will never happen, 
  not my country but i would love to see a high-budget tv series about the hussite wars . 
  i wish it was called bohemia . 
   it would n't be a problem of territory or population though . 
  really ? 
  so you would n't have a problem with a democratic country on a level of let 's say latvia that has population of 130 million and stretches all the way to china and north korea ? 
  what if russia somehow balkanized ? 
   with an analogy regarding proportions : let 's imagine that all the central american countries formed a union ( from guatemala to panama + the islands ) , and then mexico would want to join . 
  htat 's an unfair comparison . 
  it would be valid for the case of a south american union and then brazil wanted to join . 
  morocco got kicked out of the waiting list for not being european , even though cyprus got in later . 
  why does n't the us apply ?
