   mostly people from the past who benefit from the former cleavages wait what, 
  the french use single-seat constituencies which are designed to artificially create a majority in the parliament, 
  legally ... 
   not satire top banter , mods, 
  thanks, 
  no , i just happened to mention it in both threads because it was relevant . 
  and i was n't aware of the negative connotation . 
   where you use this term as a somewhat favorable or acceptable outcome ... 
  i never implied that, 
  why ? 
  the nato commited warcrimes , not just the serbs, 
  balkanization could easily happen if it was n't for the nukes, 
  logically the later members of nato should n't be affected ... oh shit , poland joined two weeks before the bombing started : dddddddd, 
  holy shit how could anyone hate that ? 
   keep the sinners out  sinners very clever, 
  hillary was estabilished politician for decades , trump was new to politics . 
  dude , every single american presidential candidate has been supported by saudis . 
  including trump , so your comment makes no sense ,, 
  of course i know i 'm saying something different . 
  why would i want to say the same thing ? 
  there are no goalposts to be moved here , i 'm not arguing with anyone . 
  i 'm just telling the facts . 
  men are not in charge of having baby , at least not to the extent that women are, 
  the bosnians do n't, 
  what 's it got to do with kaczy\u0144ski , or even trump ? 
  this meeting would happen regardless of the current leaders . 
  yeah , it 's all good . 
  let 's forget aboyut the fact that 9 nigerian states have literally adopted the sharia law https://www.naij.com/1092383-sharia-law-nigerian-constitution.html https://www.worldwatchmonitor.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/nigeria_sharia_states_map_518.jpg, 
  i know . 
  i 'm joking . 
  i do n't think so . 
  england + wales is usually reffered to as such , or as just * england *, 
   great just `` britain '', 
  [ reminds me of this soviet flyer ] ( http://studioopinii.pl/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/rzo%c5%82nierze.jpg ) the very first word is misspelled and there are tons of grammar mistakes . 
  daily on / r9k /, 
  joke, 
  is n't everyone registered as a voter by default ? 
  i know how it works . 
  i 'm just saying that i believe most people vote for the party not for the individual, 
   we would still be voting for the individual and not the party that they were a member of . 
  i do n't believe that in the slightest . 
  yeah right it 's about the individual . 
  so why are there no independents in your parliament ? 
  just banter, 
  what 's the advantage of the german system over a simple proportional system ? 
  well to be fair av is still really bad compared to any proportional system, 
  yes but the proportional system is better . 
  two round system only make sense when you have one office that needs to be filled , like a president . 
  when you have 600 mps , there 's no point to it . 
  it 's better than fptp but still contributes to the two party system . 
  so naturally the next step is to devolve the whole uk at once , to create a new parliament ? 
  i 'm not talking about mining companies , i do n't consider these to be an investment . 
  i meant the likes of ports and railroads . 
  i think comparing countries ' pollution is a bit silly because american companies still pollute very much . 
  they just do it in china . 
  a greek saying this , of all people ... 
  are you fine with paying several times more for the same chinese made products ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  uhh but everyone realizes that . 
  one child policy has not been a thing for like three years now, 
   5 years ? 
  we are talking about ~ 50 years and counting  that 's still a short time . 
   east africa is , let 's be honest , hopeless for decades to come . 
  are you so sure ? 
  it 's the main area of chinese investment there , and the east african community wants to make a 5 country federation , with major steps underway . 
  giving aids is pointless . 
  we should invest in infrastructure because it 's something that lasts, 
  i think the argument was in favor of giving bosnia more coast , not less . 
  these borders are just silly, 
  if they want to , they 're free to do so . 
  just leave the rest of europe alone . 
  how are these two thing related ? 
   you  your i 'm not american , mate unless you know something about the polish presidential campaign of 2025 before any politician does . 
  it 's even better if you remember that trump wo n't be a president forever . 
  how is the polling even done in a fptp system ? 
  obviously you ca n't just ask the entire country and sum up the results . 
  why not ? 
  poland is still a contributor to the eu , even if we get more than we pay . 
  i did n't realize that was his point , thanks, 
  he 's not even 70 . 
   i have no idea who bosnian muslims trolling or just passive aggressive ? 
  `` berlin plus '' way to make it about yourself germany, 
  szyd\u0142o is not a psudo-autocrat . 
  wait , merkel is 62 ? 
  she has n't aged well then, 
  you know that the eu funds do n't go to the national budget , right ? 
  buying gas from russia , in a way that directly is harmful to other members is unsolidary . 
  pis winning in such a manner was a fluke in our electoral system . 
  two parties - a liberal conservative and a leftist coalition - did n't manage to get into the parliament because they scored just below the national voting threshold . 
  one is based on facts , the other on contradicting stereotypes . 
   as if they would go to poland anyway . 
  what is your point exactly ? 
  he 's saying this as a member of the european parliament . 
  poland is one of the most pro-eu countries though . 
  people in the comment sections on the internet are not representative of the society . 
  so if sudan area desertifies you 'd be willing to invite up to 50 million people to europe ? 
  africa is predicted to double in size in a couple decades . 
  with the global warming underway , we 're going to see some nasty things down there . 
  so do we have to take on all the people from there ? 
  yeah but as another poster mentioned montenegro was bombed by nato .
