  native , non-latin names are better . 
  not to mention that the months from september to december do n't make a lick of sense . 
  september means 7th month & c. 
  there can be though, 
  good comment  plus the us , along with russia , israel and greece is one of the few nations to host a diplomatic mission specifically from srpska , in addition to the one from bosnia proper . 
  but at the same time the us is kosovo 's best ally , how would that work out in action ? 
  so bosnia is bosnian , kosovo is serbian by your point of view ? 
  i personally think if we 're gon na have nation states they 've got ta represent the actual nationalities and vice versa , especially in countries with such problems as in former yugoslavia, 
  that 's where i do n't agree . 
  by that logic ukraine , latvia and estonia should n't have been able to become independent iby the end of wwi ? 
  or kosovo recently ? 
  or macedonia ? 
  or czechoslovakia ? 
   i 'm not engaging in whataboutism . 
  it 's called not having double standards , not whataboutism, 
  having self-determination is not being rewarded for genocide . 
  this comment is pure example of far-reaching hypocritical way of thinking that has no use for arguments, 
  now that 's arbitrary . 
  i think the historical contexts is of smaller relevance here . 
  and bosnia had lots of serb-majority areas before the war anyways, 
  i do n't remember that exactly but i know i would n't say that if it was as high as 75 % . 
  and it was about the context as most comments were political arguments and not the actual topic of the post , with people thinking that even mentioning the name republika srpska is advocating for its independence . 
   only 85 % upvoted only ? 
  that 's a lot . 
  yes , my agenda is to call out hipocrisy , since you wo n't just admit it even we both know it nice instant downvote btw, 
  so i guess poland should give the western territories back to germany , even though the germans have been removed by the soviets ? 
  not all serbs are responsible for the ethnic cleansing you know . 
   good luck with the separatists . 
  are you not for self-determination ? 
  let them do whatever the people want, 
   hmm i guess the same as crimea as well ? 
  the thing with crimea is that the referendum was under gunpoint and it did n't have the status quo option, 
  stop living in the past btw why are you ok with kosovo 's independence but not with bosnian serbia 's ? 
  ( not using the term serbian republic because it 's confusing ), 
  ca n't read ? 
   austrian nor german that 's pretty simple . 
  austrians are one group inthe german nations , just like saxons or the swabs . 
  austrians have referred to themselves as german for hundreds of years . 
  i do n't see why bdr has to have a monopoly on german nationality . 
  when i read the title i thought gay sex was banned before / r/titlegore, 
  it might be because in bulgarian they reduce o into / u /, 
  changing your plans because of cherry-picked photos on the internet ? 
  such a shame . 
  you have the best part of danube and most of carpathians , as well as transylvania . 
  i wish the polish party in lithuania was actually decent and not a bunch of kremlin agents, 
  interesting , last time a post about rs was posted tons of people got butthurt about the op claiming its independence . 
  and now , next to nothing . 
  to the people who made some ridiculous accusations last time : why ca n't you guys admit you 're just serbophobes ? 
  dissolution of czechoslovakia was a mistake, 
   if i recall correctly they were an indepedant kingdom before ww1 and somehow got annexed by the serbia during on shortly after the end of the war , which is surprising seeing how they both fought against austro-hungary . 
  it 's not surprising at all if you notice this country called yugoslavia, 
  russian one is better, 
  idk , in school you can get picked on for everything pretty much, 
  did you just use umlauts as quotation marks ? 
  it was made up by unfairly punishing hungary in trianon, 
  and people claim that germany is n't privileged insie the eu euro is continuation of the mark , of course it is, 
  yes , of course , this is just regional taste preference . 
  just like we like to have worse detergents . 
  obviously . 
  this is why latin is dead . 
  at least they avoid most of the nazi blame, 
  and you even had to give land to austria, 
  * brexit and trump happened so now every unlikely thing in the world is going to happen *, 
  but no one has ever heard of duda before 2015 le pen has been known to most people for a while so people had time to make up their mind, 
   since scotland does n't have a real language on their own it has two but no one speaks any of them so yeah , pretty much, 
   not that i have something against it its just a pain in the ass to read it and try to pronounce it i doubt you even know how, 
  take notes , swedes and russians, 
  until the early 90s poland was a part of the soviet block and this port that 's being connected is a minor one, 
  we drown the [ marzanna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marzanna ) though :d, 
  we have plenty of land , there 's no need for that, 
  yup , they promised this back in 2006 . 
  because only since 1945 there is a border through the lagoon, 
   i mean no one even thinks of the danes as vikings . 
  thats false . 
  especially if you consider that most vikings were danes . 
  some things have n't changed throughout history, 
   4 : no gay rights . 
  china has rights for gays , same rights all other chinese have , what are you on about ? 
  they simply do n't get - more - rights !, 
  that would be unfair , china is a nation of equality . 
   that 's false , ethnic minorities have some rights different like when one-child policy was still a thing , minorities were exempt from it, 
  there 's a theory that polish/croatian/hungarian king and lithuanian grand duke w\u0142adys\u0142aw did n't actually die in the battle of varna but instead later sailed to america in 1492 ... 
  as a gay atheist jewish vegan i do n't like it all . 
  lots of wasted space . 
  the header takes up half of the screen . 
  yeah try convincing russia to cooperate edit : nvm , i do n't think that 's even necessary , we could just wall it off at the border, 
  [ well that 's not the case in poland ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45wrvu/pasta/d00uy27/ ), 
  let 's just accept it as our common heritage, 
  ami right to think that the potato dishes you ate had little variety ? 
  i 'm not claiming europe is # 1 , just disproving people saying such boasts, 
  read the actual 13th ammendmend , it says it outright . 
  it 's not a loophole . 
   section 1 . 
  neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , *** except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted *** , shall exist within the united states , or any place subject to their jurisdiction . 
  section 2 . 
  congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation . 
  death penalty not to mention , slavery is allowed in a constitutional amendmend . 
  we just should n't allow them to have civil marriage . 
  after all : civil mariage \u2260 mariage on a emotional marriage \u2260 church marriage . 
  too many people forget about this .
