   that entity was created out of the genocide of our people , and i do n't think anyone will want to let it go without a fight , because that would be admitting that the crimes committed were successful . 
  i imagine that somewhere around 80 % of bosniaks lost a family member or friend during the war . 
  here 's where i disagree . 
  what is done is done , you ca n't change it . 
  you have to do what 's the best for everyone , sometimes regardless of your pride . 
  it 's a hard thing to do but irrationally holding onto the past is just counterproductive . 
   why should it then secede ? 
  i 'm not saying they should secede , i just think the issue has to be addressed in a civil manner . 
  i think the big issue is the bosnian state itself . 
  what is the point of it ? 
  is it a nation state ? 
  no , as it 's very ethnically divided country with 3 distinct groups that do n't really get along . 
  what is it then ? 
  a post-yugoslav state with borders based on the ones from 500 years ago that are no longer hold any relevance . 
  i think it 's very peculiar and should be solved out , as holding onto the status quo may blind the judgement and cause more problems in the future . 
  ironically yugoslavian homogenisation or nationalism might have arguably solved the problem , if it survived long enough . 
  i just do n't like hipocrisy and do n't like when perfectly acceptable opinions get downvoted for petty immature political reasons . 
  i 'm not a genocide apologist but i guess one may get that impression when thinking in a childish black and white way of viewing things . 
   i heard that poles in general hate muslims so that probably has something to do with it ? 
  do you just want to insult me ? 
  i do n't care about your faith . 
   they are simply saying that any split of the country would not be peaceful . 
  67000 bosniaks were killed in the war and hundreds of thousands are from the so-called ` republika srpska ' no need for the quotation marks ? 
  yes this entity exists . 
  you 're not advocating for genocide when you say its name , it 's not a magic word . 
  and as i see it , the resolution can come if both sides start looking at long term perspectives and what way would be the best for both of them . 
  a divorce may be the most effective , as i do n't really see why bosnia needs the serbian part , it seems to cause more trouble than it 's worth . 
  and i say that with no sympathy towards the serbs , just a realistic outlook on the region . 
  who is the joint criminal enterprise ? 
  i only ever see bosniaks saying `` serbs will start a war by seceding !!!!! '', 
  and of course they always say they ca n't let them go without a war , not the other way round . 
  this is warmongering . 
  but like half of macedonians have bulgarian passports . 
  no , it 's based on current birth and migration rates , and how these rates themselves are changing . 
  why is macedonia 's projection better ? 
  pretty sure that 's not correct . 
  most of the syrians here crossed the border illegally, 
  warmongering by bosniaks, 
  wow this comment sure is not emotionally driven, 
  why do people northern europeans hate larger families that are close together ? 
   germanic is of latin origin, 
   well the electorate decide do you even know what i 'm talking about ? 
  i know , that was the point of my post . 
  but it 's arbitrary who 's votes should be transferred . 
  it could be improved if there were 2 different ballots , for the first and the second choice . 
  but that 's speculation on my part . 
  i mean he posts this shit in every thread and people still fall for it . 
  you know that civil marriage is not the same thing as church marriage ? 
  corruption . 
  such tax deals are common in the eu . 
  yes , accompanied an army . 
  through an allied country . 
  how is that comparable to the current situation ? 
  exactly . 
  some people want eu to become a superpower capable of rivaling us and china . 
  how can we do that if we ca n't even sort out our illegal immigration problem by imposing our will over a literal failed state ? 
  poles in syria and iraq were soldiers , and poles in iran were refugees in a neighboring country . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  that 's not true though . 
  that would mean in extreme cases nobody gets any seats . 
  oh i did n't know . 
  yeah that 's insanely high . 
   except because of districts the theoretical threshold is much higher in finland . 
   you have up to like 20 members per constituency though ?!, 
  that 's huge !, 
  not in german though, 
  fair point . 
  the point about centralization still stands . 
  in such a small country as the netherlands it may not matter that much but it 's pretty important to me that the elected officials are not all from the capital but from all over the country . 
  i like how germans have two votes as well . 
  one in the district , one national . 
  i 'd like to have a small portion of seats reserved for people known all over the country but i would n't like them to be a majority . 
  it allows for local parties and decentralizes the country if done properly . 
  single member-district countries are not a good example of this however . 
  yeah i like highest averages method the most as it produces the closest results to the actual vote . 
  only problem is figuring which divisors to use . 
  1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... like in d'hondt or 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 ... like in sainte-lague ? 
  the former one benefits the larger parties and latter the smaller ones . 
  i wonder if there 's one set of divisors that 's perfect . 
   the point stands though that by averaging over a region , some people may fail to get `` their '' representative . 
  i 've heard for example that in the us , some minorities prefer to have their own voting district not to get drowned in several ones by votes outside their minority . 
  and similarly i think that in countries that have a strong history of small independent entities it is understandable that they decide to have a more granular approach to their election districts . 
  well that depends on how populous the districts would be and how numerous in mandates . 
  and then there 's a question if minorities even deserve to have such advantages . 
  gerrymandering is not really a thing in proportional regimes though , because the districts are rather large , usually being based around a city and its region the issue of representing minorities could be solved by having a completely different rules in the upper ( ? ), 
  house, 
  doyou really not believe that everyone 's voice should be heard in a democracy ? 
  such governments should be based on compromise between different groups . 
  that 's what society is . 
  if people 's wishes do n't align with what they got , how is that answerable to them ? 
   i ca n't really imagine forming any kind of stable and effective government in france if fn gets roughly a quarter of the vote and the various far-left groups gets roughly a quarter of the vote . 
   yeah , so you do n't want a fairer system just because parties you do n't like might get in ? 
  also the system like in france promotes extreme parties . 
  if there was a proportional system , you 'd see more parties that would overlap ideologically with others , because they 'd have less to lose . 
  see this simulation : http://icon.cat/util/elections/umwvaewolq it 's very unrealistic , bear in mind, 
  well i have to say i was mistaken as the netherlands do n't use the same system as in poland , they use a nation-wide voting with no districts  so let 's say a country has only 10-mandate districts . 
  if a party scores below 10 % in every district it gets 0 mandates in total ? 
  if it 's the largest party , it will still receive the most seats . 
  it depends on how much votes all the party lists receive . 
  bear in mind i am talking about * highest averages methods , * particularly the [ d'hondt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method#allocation ) one .
