  i 've mistaked . me for . com, 
  alright , that 's just bad predictions, 
  i kinda hope it 's the same as the difference between hoe and whore, 
  skurwysyn in polish, 
  no polish king got assasinated . 
  most likely due to gradual weakening of the office and shift of power to nobles . 
  the closest they got was in bar confederation but they still counld n't bring themselves to it . 
  if israel was invited then iran and iraq would n't come, 
  i disagree . 
  only the copts can . 
  after all their language is descended from ancient egyptian, 
  iron silk ? 
  that sounds badass, 
  unless the kingdom is poland ... 
   and the arguably greatest emperor , augustus . 
  the first emperor ftfy, 
   the new york times put hillary clinton at a 98 % chance to win . 
   that was based on the popular vote . 
  and they were correct . 
  i think split fans would be better at this , seeing what happened at the euros, 
  learn welsh then, 
  france has both party primaries and two round system . 
  / r/notcirclejerk, 
  tell me about hamon, 
  he may be talking about st. alexander church on saxon place, 
   they are competing with the us and eu for influence in africa by dumping money into the continents ' infrastructure and using their own workforce to build them without any regard to who pockets the money . 
  how dare they invest in infrastructure by making deals with permission of the african countries . 
  chinese investments are a lot more productive than the foreign charity aids that africa has been getting , as the aids can do more harm than good by devaluating entire branches of industry . 
  investing in infrastructure is pretty much the best thing out there to help developing countries, 
  thank god for global warming, 
  i do n't see how that 's news worthy ... 
  typical diplomatic message, 
  funnily enough , the city is really car-centric in its urban design unlike most of the other polish ones, 
  or bukaresta , 
  yah but in a rail road it 's actually a problem because you can see that some rail lines got cut of in sweden . 
  in the op map no relevant information is lost . 
  but every country is on the map ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  or do you need to see all of norway in a map where the whole countries are painted one color ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  we do n't need to see all of french guyana either . 
  yeah but that does n't change the order in which countries joined . 
   churvatinu i do n't think i can trust a website that ca n't even transcribe accurately, 
   oh , a cab driver asked if i was cia , lol . 
   he worked for the mercenary , the masketta man, 
   the name croat comes from an old slavic word meaning `` highlander '' . 
   whare did you get that from ? 
  i very much doubt it , it 's most likely of non-slavic origin, 
  also well known dying ritual takes place there for czechs ( maybe it 's because of all the saltwater ), 
   croatia is as of today the newest member of the european union and its 28th ( soon to be 27th ) member state . 
  it 's still 28th and will always be, 
  of course you had to omit this part ...  this radically changed on january 3 , 1941 , when martin bormann issued a circular to all public offices which declared fraktur ( and its corollary , the s\u00fctterlin-based handwriting ) to be judenlettern ( jewish letters ) and prohibited their further use . 
  better question - why does it use antiqua now ? 
  it 's very biased and it 's still among the best newspapers in poland . 
  that 's a problem . 
  do you have the polish text ? 
  it 's behind a paywall, 
  no such thing sadly , you have to read news from both sides, 
  it 's very biased . 
  and in the european parliament , and it 's a good thing . 
  the timespan is not correct . 
  has everyone forgotten there have been coups in turkey in 1960 , 1971 , 1980 and 1997 ? 
  that 's even worse than people saying crimea wil directly lead to ww3 in 2014 . 
  too much simplification for a clickbait article and not enough actual logic, 
   if life expectancy increases at the same rate it has done for this decade so far yeah that wo n't happen - there 's an upper limit . 
  unless the invent a genetic cure for aging, 
  i imagine it will be available only to the richest at first , which would increase the inequality even more, 
  january 2nd , 2100, 
  how to deal with a dirty truck in russia ? 
  of course you turn to krokodil ... 
   jamaican violet brown sounds like a name of a colour, 
  china would perform a coup as soon as the war started , they want to keep nk friendly to them and they do n't want to deal with the war or millions of refugees, 
  why ? 
  so that means it 's just swedish that does n't allow those . 
  idk why people forget there are 7 monarchies in eu other than the uk, 
  well in canada she is known as the queen of canada . 
  her position in britain does n't mattes in canada . 
  monarchy could be abolished in the uk and she would still remain on all these thrones around the world . 
  you got downvoted for saying the uncomfortable truth, 
   which is exactly the purpose of esperanto - to remove the bias of any language this could n't be more untrue . 
  half of the vocabulary is romance and another huge chunk is germanic . 
  and all the sounds are the same ones that exist in polish and belarusian ( remember , zamenhoff was from bia\u0142ystok ) . 
  the sounds are in no way universal . 
  if he cared universality , the only vowels would be / i a u / and the consonants would be probably / p t k m n s / to be the most inclusive . 
  read this : http://miresperanto.com/konkurentoj/not_my_favourite.htm, 
  sign languages also do, 
  also canada has a queen, 
  who are `` you '' '', 
  i guess they just get used to it . 
  and also the chinese speak with somewhat rigid rhythm , so that helps . 
  i have a tinfoil hat theory that traditionally the chinese ate dogs because they could n't get across to them because of the tonality of the language . 
  but that 's probably bullshit . 
  [ pinyin uses tonal diacritics . 
  ] ( http://dev.hanbridgemandarin.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/chinese-tones.jpg ), 
  america 's problems in afganistan are irrelevant when you notice that it has troops deployed in over 30 countries and therefore can project power there and in the surrounding . 
  no other country even comes close . 
  alright . 
  why do you doubt it ? 
  i do n't have any sources aside from anegdotes on the internet that all confirm what i 'm saying ( because i ca n't read chinese ) . 
  but is n't it logical that they 'd learn a phonetic script first and logography with 10000s of characters later , do n't you think ?
