   anglo-saxons for christs sake , just like us germans til germans are anglosaxons, 
  sadly this sub has become really bitter about the uk . 
  shame . 
  you can see the patronizing attitude all over the place towards the brits . 
   well the koran is pretty much against the jews . 
  actually you 're wrong . 
  this concept is called [ people of the book ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people_of_the_book ), 
  nice dog, 
  ukraine is not getting in until , at best , the late 2030s, 
  i know . 
  but in russian it sounds like \u015b so it 's just as invalid by your logic, 
   fact is that serbians do n't want to enter eu https://europeanwesternbalkans.com/2017/02/06/47-of-citizens-support-serbian-membership-to-the-eu/ it shows that * yes * has a plurality and almost 50 % so i 'm not sure i can agree with your statement, 
  it 's like st in question, 
   ok , now i 'm confused . 
  is n't that exactly what pawel said was wrong about the map ... ? 
  it 's correct but inconsistent, 
  and bulgarians, 
   serbia has started at least 3 wars in the last 25 years and has sent 2 army convoys to neighbouring countries the last 5 years . 
  does serbia have any ongoing wars ? 
  that 's what matters also ukraine is huge . 
  that 's one reason why no one really wants them in the union of the old members . 
   serbia is much worse in this regard i think your neighborhood bias is showing through edit : why the downvotes ? 
   but because they tend to be extremely close to the eu 's greatest foe russia . 
  you 're overestimating the influence . 
  it 's mostly symbolic . 
  actually it 's the eu that supports current state of serbia - being a semi-autoritarian corrupt country , for being pro-eu on paper, 
  60 degrees of amplitude . 
  i never thought about it this way . 
  that 's funny , because before 1920 gdynia was an irrelevant village, 
  nothing like a religious statue in the middle of fucking nowhere, 
  at least brussels is its own part of belgian federation , separate from flanders and wallonia . 
  the same ca n't be said for strasbourg . 
  if the eu ever manages to federalize , at least brusselles could become its own subdivision - the capital, 
   also , the strasbourg one is making conspiracy theorists go mad because of the tower of babel reference how is that a conspiracy theory ? 
  it legit looks like it . 
   wwi was not about remaking europe at all what ? 
  what was the [ mitteleuropa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitteleuropa#the_prussian_mitteleuropa_plan ) plan ? 
  if tht 's not remaking europe then i do n't know what is . 
   neither belarus , nor ukraine did n't have nation states during interwar . 
  wrong, 
  i just noticed that finland has a very convienient shape for weather forecast, 
  do lithuanians learn about the witold/jagie \u0142\u0142o conflict ? 
  what was up with that ? 
  well it 's clearly an indicator than benelux is richer than all those countries in green , how is that meaningless ? 
  [ related : male name tonibler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tonibler ) [ and a cheesy song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2rtafbqepg ), 
  because it was contested area and its fate was a result of two wars this was n't exactly the case with core poland, 
  not necessairly - i would n't consider the former congress kingdom area to be conquered by poles for example, 
  what is this , suwalszczyzna ? 
  indeed , it 's a medieval borrowing, 
  that does n't change that it was conquered, 
  the eastern territories got under polish control due to wars with neighbors there , you could call that conquest, 
  well he 's not exactly wrong, 
  gwa\u0142t means rape in polish, 
  i wonder if there was a chance for czechoslovakia to get silesia after wwii . 
  just you . 
   congo was landlocked they had a port though, 
   the dark ages nice meme, 
  no it fucking was n't . 
  no `` communist '' country has ever called itself communist . 
  and of course north korea is democratic and republican ? 
  as we know official propaganda is always accurate with reality - it 's not like those countries were miserable because they were totalitarian dictatorships . 
  why ca n't people realize the economic system that was n't implemented there and was mostly used to maim people . 
  let 's look at the definition  ideology and movement whose ultimate goal is the establishment of a socioeconomic order structured upon the common ownership of the means of production and the absence of social classes , money and the state . 
  show me a soviet aligned country that did this . 
  before anyone calls me out : no , i 'm not a fan of communism . 
  but that does n't mean that i have to believe such lies and inaccuracies . 
   case in point : greece and turkey barely manage to not have a war , nato be damned . 
   `` barely manage '' but do they have it ? 
  that 's what matters . 
   and show me two countries that , before wwi had anything remotely resembling the coal and steel union . 
  [ latin monetary union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latin_monetary_union ), 
  the goal was to implement communism , or at least socialism ? 
  i 'd call that ambitious . 
   was n't it mostly countries held together through russian military might that does n't come in the equation . 
  - said this subreddit 3 days ago, 
  now you 're going to far . 
  i 'm fine with pointing out spelling mistakes , i 'm not okay with criticizing people for the way they speak . 
  never heard of dialects ? 
   i find that many people forget that the ue is the most ambitious project ever created . 
   this is false . 
  soviet union was far more ambitious . 
  learn to read . 
  there was no counter force that had major effect in collapse of yugoslavia . 
  it collapsed due to internal struggle . 
  only places in the state of war are the ones outside nato . 
  what do the soviets have to do with yugoslavia ? 
  joining nato = increasing chances of a new war ????? 
  i very much doubt so . 
  i think germany would get involved in fighting the communists . 
  what higher school , if i may ask ? 
  why do you live in poland ? 
  holy shit he even labaled the eu flag, 
  source ? 
  soviets were pretty clearly the lesser evil . 
  the reason why you all did n't all get genocided was because the german occupation lasted just a few years and germany lost the war . 
  there is but you ca n't say a slavic group is las slavic culturally . 
  and us is n't a unitary state , it 's a federation . 
  let 's forget how sld was in power a few times, 
  wtf are you taking about . 
  slavs are a linguistic group , nothing more .
