  tell me about chechnya . 
  no he 's not telling you that . 
  he meant that citizenship and nationality are two distinct things that do n't completely overlap, 
   you 'll always be french . 
  a passport is just a piece of paper or plastic . 
  your citizenship does n't take away anything from who you are and how you feel . 
   well actually french people are weird like that because they think ethnicity does n't exist , only citizenship . 
   more attractive for people to live their `` just stop being poor . 
  and do n't you complain about all the negatives of the eu , you get a lot of money , now shut up . '', 
   can indeed be complicated enough as children are n't inherently able to distinguish between the languages this is just wrong . 
  multilingual children are perfectly capable of distinguishing between languages , it 's natural . 
  where did you get this from ? 
  what can you do . 
  i personally believe it 's nicer because everyone and their mother uses white red dark blue . 
  introducing orange and lighter blue would not only make yous stand out but you would actually have orange on your flag which could be a big deal yeah i know it was the dutch that started the 3-color scheme ... 
   because that was 100 % the right move to make is this a joke ? 
  he ordered strikes before any investigation could be done on the chemical weapon use . 
  this is the same shit as starting the war with iraq because of the wmd in iraq that did n't exist . 
  just on smaller scale . 
  what 's up with all the polonophobic poles ? 
  i know it comes from their upbringing and they want to counter the beliefs of their conservative parents but this is just ridiculous . 
  this is just a video briefly showing the history of polish flags throughout the years , in patriotic tone for the flag day . 
  what does kaczy\u0144ski have to do with anything here ? 
  it is that way because flags in general had two uses historically : naval and military one , to use during battles . 
  after all `` banner '' was a military unit . 
  poland had just one big port for majority of its history so it 's understandable they focused on military in this clip . 
  also the current polish colours come from the 1790s when poland was losing independence . 
  so there was not a polish state flag for the entire 19th century . 
  the only flags that could be remembered fondly would be the ones under which poles fought for independence - under napoleon , in the 30s and in the 60s . 
  and of course they had show the current design which became official upon independence . 
  how so ? 
  are n't those the monarchist flags ? 
   his lover who spied on his wife who is that ? 
  yeah but moldova and moldavia basically mean the same thing . 
  same with hibernia/ireland or macedon/macedonia . 
  they are separate terms in english for political reasons . 
  also moldavia is a traditional country that 's in romania , moldova and parts of ukraine . 
  i know, 
  what does \u0392\u03b1\u03bd\u03ba\u03b1 mean ? 
  wow , what a quality comment . 
  beautiful ad hominem . 
   that allows your people to easily move to many other , bigger , richer and more advanced economies great stuff . 
  now we have a shortage of professionals like doctors because they all moved out . 
  they should just form a stable coalition with po - it 's mostly the same target demographic anyway, 
  anything but english phonetic transcription attempts please . 
  you ca n't write down phonetics using a non-phonetic alphabet , at least not if you want it to look half decent . 
  you mean [ \u02c8f\u02b2i\u0259n\u032a\u02e0\u0259 \u02c8f\u02e0\u0251\u02d0l\u02b2 ] ? 
  so pretty much \u0444\u044c\u0438\u044a\u043d\u044a \u0444\u0430\u043b\u044c for a bulgarian . 
  austria is not western europe . 
  churches do n't have to pay property taxes in some european countries, 
  every one talks about christianity though . 
  that 's what separation of state and church started from . 
  if your religion tells you `` be a good person , love your brethren '' the it 's a positive influence if it tells you to stone apostates , then not so much . 
  thanks, 
  more like heraldry . 
  flag checks out . 
  it doesnt equalize between rural and urban states . 
  it make the swing states matter and heavily leaning ones irrelevant . 
  the worst thing about american system is that it uses fptp when avarding votes in states . 
   ukraine is most equal it 's not . 
  it has a lot of corruption and grey area , so it seems so in the official data . 
  same can be said about all the tricolors, 
  where are you getting all this from ? 
  you 're arguing with a strawman . 
  did you reply to the wrong person ? 
  all i 'm saying that monarchs can be backed by the population , as a result of an election . 
  and it does n't contradict the monarchy in any way . 
  it has been done historically plenty of times though mostly before the time of common democracy . 
  i do n't know why you claim that a king ca n't be elected . 
   any government form that is not backed by it 's population simply has no legitimacy . 
  and then you say a king ca n't be elected . 
  sounds like you really want reality to match up with views but you do n't even think about changing your views . 
  well you 're just incorrect in your beliefs . 
  there 's more to monarchy than just hereditary rules of succession . 
  well you 're being anachronistic . 
  why do you insist holding up something from over 250 years ago that is long gone , to current standards of democracy ? 
  casting invalid/blank vote is the same as not voting . 
  only think that changes is that some people feel good about themselves for silly reasons, 
  cyprus is not in europe, 
   i do n't . 
  nasty little fuckers ruin this country national polish idiots, 
  what previous monarch ? 
  after he 's dead ? 
  what 's your actual point ? 
  the edited section in your post seems like a huge piece of damage control and nothing else . 
   secondly , was the polish king democratically elected . 
  if you think that the aristocracy from feudal corporative states are democratic when they elect kings you , while apparently not alone on the internet , are in contrast to every literature on the subject . 
  again , you might think it is correct , but that does not make it so . 
  moving goalposts . 
  also it was not aristocracy that voted for polish kings , but the whole nobility . 
  they could be rich as kings or they could be poor as peasants . 
   the monarchy fanboys are going crazy over here . 
  this has been fun and i will return in six hours , may the downvotes be with you my polish friends this is just unnecessairly rude . 
  it 's still democratic . 
  just because not everyone can vote does n't mean it is n't . 
  in poland we call our elections 5-adjective : universal , direct , equal , proportional , anonymous just because the elections in the commonwealth are n't universal , it doesnt make them not democratic . 
  they also have to spend money on previous presidents that are still alive, 
  interestingly you named all the presidents that have/would have a lot of power in a presidential system . 
  there are systems where the president has little power . 
  and you also named wilders for some reason .
