  and you 're saying like it 's so obvious that indoor people should have the right to marry . 
  it 's not like that . 
  you 're cultural environment familiar to you is clouding your judgment . 
  i know civil marriage is not just a sack of money . 
  i never implied it . 
  who are you arguing against ? 
  i do n't believe romantic relationships deserve special benefits . 
  why should they ? 
  those that come with it should become easily available to other people , like friends , partners and relatives . 
  and the culture is undergoing a change . 
  the line between girl/boy friend and a spouse is blurring , also in the case of legal marriages , less people are getting married, 
  how is that related to my post ? 
  did you not read it ? 
  username checks out, 
  what about the voivodinian slovak ? 
  supposedly east slovak dialects sound similar to polish, 
   1 is because imo the word marriage means man and woman well that 's silly is n't it ? 
  are n't you conflating church marriage with civil marriage and spiritual marriage ? 
  i personally believe that most people are bisexual without even knowing it . 
  it 's a spectrum after all , it 's not binary . 
  so that means you can choose . 
  if too many people choose homosexual relationships , that means demographical problems as few people want to deal with adoption . 
  no , it 's because homosexual people ca n't have children naturall without adoption . 
  religion does n't allow for gay marriages because of this , these rules came after human ( or rather animal ) nature has been a thing . 
  it 's not like religion made this stuff up for no reason . 
  after all love and marriage is based primarely around having children , even if some people may not realize it . 
  so i say that state sanctioned marriages should n't be a thing . 
  let 's take this back - let 's make this about children , not the couples . 
  the state institution i mean . 
  so attach those benefits to having children , not to marriage . 
  well just like central europe has no jews ... 
  shame, 
  because we translated it from english without thinking but mostly it 's just inconsistency . 
  there are no reasons why these two should get called separate titles and not the other ones . 
   a saying here is `` vsaka vas ima svoj glas '' , meaning : every village has it 's own voice/dialect . 
  what does this sound like in your village ? 
  yeah but that 's not the case in english . 
  in polish kr\u00f3lowa means just the wife of a king . 
  in english it can mean the monarch . 
  they are though https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_greek_catholic_church and to answer your question : because poland has been terrible at things like this, 
  also how the commie era church repression by the government made you even less religious while in poland it had the opposite effect and was heavily tied in with the struggle for freedom, 
   sometimes as a french i am under the impression that some france 's downsides ( huge centralization , bare to none regional cultures , `` republican monarchy '' even ) are a direct result from the modernist ideas of the revolutionaries . 
  i feel the same way, 
  til truth is dumb, 
  well you do have more luxembourg in belgium than luxembourg has, 
  fun fact : ireland and scotland are of pretty mcuh the same size . 
  if that 's true then the spanish government sounds paranoid, 
   english condom : a condom . 
   http://pix.iemoji.com/images/emoji/apple/ios-9/256/thinking-face.png, 
  how so ? 
  catalonia is no different from wales and i said in the op that its legal status does n't matter anyway or should i take your flag as an answer ? 
  this just shows your national butthurt, 
  only the transylvanian germans tho, 
  how is that related to my question ? 
  just wait a decade or two, 
   hair stylists what does polish hairstyle look like ? 
  not even 30 year war ? 
  that 's the most important war if the century, 
  [ also image macros with duda are pretty good ] ( http://www.poznajmemy.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/cenzo4.jpg ), 
  you forgot the original stonoga, 
   or that it was once part of poland well, 
  some assume that middle ages only started after christianization . 
  and the 30-year war and the hussite wars, 
   was n't it in lithuania that dannebrog fell from the sky ? 
  it was in the baltic while crusading , because the holy-lands were too far off , right ? 
   esthonia, 
  czechia actually, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  there are whole protests about it, 
  even if it was n't used as an official design it still was used in some designs in the netherlands , and also even in south african flag, 
  yeah , two people fighting of course has to be sexual ... 
  if anything , your way of thinking is homophobic . 
  not saying it is but that would make more sense than what you said . 
   it amazes me how fucking coins are needed in this city in super tiny inconvenient places , especially toilets . 
  after all that 's what coins are for ... you should n't be surprised, 
  you know that swastikas were used in pretty much every culture ? 
  but it takes one guy and his 11-year reich to ruin it all ... 
  though it 's our fault that we still associate swastika with just nazism . 
  we should get over it already . 
  it 's funny because most people agree that the lithuanian flag is ugly, 
  so some groups have used it for a small portion of dutch history an this somehow invalidates all that it stood for for hundreds of years ? 
  visegrad group - poland , czechia , slovakia , hungary . 
  group that barely does anything but its members are very close culturally and economically . 
  `` what is v4 '' or `` why v4 '' ? 
  how do you get along with hungarians ? 
  proof : eurovision, 
  yeah i do for other v4 countries, 
  what about hungary ? 
  how so ? 
  so jews were not a nation in pre-war europe ? 
  nation is also a group of people even if they do n't have a country, 
  are you sure ? 
  in canada she 's queen of canada , in jamaica she 's queen of jamaica . 
  i hate the english view that every state has a nation and that somehow nations can only be tied to a country, 
  chechnya is not a country so technically poland is a next door neighbor . 
  i already know all of this and i do n't see how this relates to my comment . 
  sounds like they are n't refugees at all, 
  the war is over though , how are they considered refugees ? 
  and afaik there 's no oppression in chechnya nowadays , so what 's the basis for them being refugees ? 
  because nowadays people have a lot to say about syrian refugees without knowing them .
