  look at the bottom of the page on british-related threads to see all the downvotes they woulnd get if they werent british, 
  and if they did , would their electorates combine ? 
  or would they go to other candidates ? 
  i wish the photos were named , the way you posted photos and the names separately is just confusing, 
  germany and luxembourg, 
  people in / r/europe just really hate england, 
   unless the langauge is hungarian rude, 
  this is n't a jakubmarian map, 
  [ it 's true though ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dc/white_serbia_white_croatia01.png/250px-white_serbia_white_croatia01.png ) and before anyone asks , white just means north in the slavic culture . 
  you know the 4chan post came before the incident , right ? 
  and the imagery really does n't matter that much, 
  how does that relate to the topic in any way ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it is . 
  the sole mentioning of the exact location in such a cryptic manner next to pictures of weapons show that . 
  more unlikely would be the shooter seeing the 4chan post and playing along with it otherwise it would be a incredible coincidence . 
  it 's not like that sort of thing gets posted everyday . 
  how is this a coincidence ? 
  the guy who caused the whole thing just posted that on 4chan . 
  if the british did this then this sub would not react like in this thread, 
  you still have a lot in hamburg port , until 2020 given to you under versailles treaty, 
  37 % voted for pis ... and even then the turnout was about 50 % , voter apathy is a great problem here, 
  and many hands, 
   germany is one of the few countries actually acknowledging the atrocities it committed in the past . 
  not in namibia, 
  you 're so naive ... http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4185550.stm, 
   5 march 1998 -- 11 june 1999  17 february 2008, 
  how so ? 
  serbia did n't start a war again when montenegro or kosovo separated, 
  well no one really knows how it went with slavs , they appeared in 6th century somewhere in eastern europe . 
  i see . 
  so why is cyprus in the union ? 
  but what 's the point of a war ? 
  it would only cause misery . 
  bosnia is enough of a failed state already , with its arbitrary borders from 500 years back and with a eu puppet with powers of a prime minister . 
  i believe if the group that often disagrees with the others left it would be better for everyone involved, 
  i do n't see that happening , the infrastructure for future jobs is all in the cities, 
  that would be really stupid of them . 
  i really hope bosnians wo n't do that . 
  they did n't make this up with his reelection , they first made that claim right after the crash, 
  we do n't need to have a lot of old people and few young ones though, 
  do you know which country is at the top when you count all sexual assault ? 
  what 's the difference between nationalism and patriotism when your country is a homogenous nation state ? 
  is n't that how it 's distributed though ? 
  [ the stereotypical name used to negatively personify the polish way of thinking ] ( http://litosci.pl/photo/70125/photo.jpg ), 
  at least we have the eastern migrants to fill the hole, 
  ireland had 2/3 of the uk population back in the beginning of 19th century . 
  now it 's one to ten ... 
  good old times when all the nobles in your country were german and pretty much all the esthonians were poor peasants ? 
  i hope that name is in relation to the russian rule , because otherwise that 'd mean you have pretty low standards, 
  [ same ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_\\ ( history \\ ) #destruction _ of_the_commonwealth ) i bet germans and czechs feel the same way due to the thirty year war, 
   heck you might even set an example ( ... ) and romania i do n't get it , do you want independent transylvania ? 
  smoking only shortens lifespan by a couple years, 
  soviet union was more ambitious, 
  that picture has nothing to do with eu remaining `` the most ambitious political project the world has ever seen '', 
  rude, 
   that 's xenofobic bullshit . 
  it 's not . 
  terrorism are activities carried out by the enemies of the people to achive their goals , to terrorize and kill people . 
  diseases and accidents are unintentional consequences of doing normal harmless things . 
  it 's comparing apples to oranges . 
  the difference is that terrorist attacks are completely preventable . 
  there has n't been a terrorist attack in poland for decades . 
  shitty comparison . 
  now you 're just making shit up about me i never said . 
  stop . 
  the context matters and the context is just this thread . 
  let 's not dig up each others reddit profiles for this . 
   you also probably do n't care if you 're talking to a shill , right ? 
  who cares , as long as it validates your pre-existing viewpoints ? 
  textbook example . 
   you do n't care if a white supremacist throws gives you the propaganda they intentionally engineer to make their racist ideas palatable ? 
  it 's still a valid question that deserves to be answered in a civil manner , and not called a shill . 
   why should i love the european union ? 
  that 's just a bunch of guy born randomly in the right place . 
  i do n't care about his other posts and neither should you . 
  what he said seems to be a perfectly valid question . 
  if you want to prove him wrong then address his points , not person, 
   oh look , it 's our resident white supremacist . 
  well that was uncalled for . 
  you know wwi was n't just a giant trench war right ? 
  that was just one front, 
  or they think that macron would have a better chance against le pen than against any other candidate . 
   and then the soviets would have been unsustainable . . 
  compared to what ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there 's no reason to compare it to anything , where did you get that idea ?? 
  you just look at it and see if it works . 
  the 80 's were clearly an economic disaster for the soviet block due to its policies, 
   and in the end they liberated you from the soviets . 
  how so ? 
  the shitty soviet system was unsustainable in the long run and collapsed on its own . 
  america mostly had to wait . 
  i still see no explanation from you why america deserves to be called the `` leader of free world '' . 
  you can have market economy without capitalism , you know, 
  just do n't call it a `` media freedom '' issue . 
  that 's not what it is . 
  so americans are great not because they liberated the world but because they were better than the soviets ? 
  wtf ? 
  listen to yourself .
