  tons of options . 
  all better than our current rules . 
  well there it is . 
  there were 29 parties back then because the democratic system was fresh and the parties were n't estabilished . 
  it would n't be the this way now if the system survived , or if it was brought back . 
  if you really want a way to limit the number of irrelevant parties , increasing the number of signatures needed to create an electoral comitee is a better way . 
  [ right now there are just 1000 signatures needed for that . 
  same with creating political parties - it requires 1000 votes to create one . 
  those , in turn , can create electoral lists without a hassle of collecting signatures . 
  i believe this needs to be changed . 
  he does n't make them . 
  he is a meme . 
  there 's a difference . 
  you say that while quoting him and claiming that quote is still relevant ? 
  i 'm not saying that having few people is bad . 
  i 'm saying that letting it play out naturally , as is , is bad . 
  the trends in europe will result in small population but it will also result in fucked up age group proportions . 
  if you want a healthy society with fewer people find another way than just letting people grow old and die out . 
  well it does n't count as rigging if the system is simply broken . 
  the bullshit 5 % threshold made pis rule alone with less than 40 % votes and it threw away 15 % of the votes to the bin . 
  removing it , as well as introducing staggered elections would also help inb4 but 1991 election, 
  yup . 
  remember , using condom is a sin . 
  forget about overpopulation and stds . 
  you of course forgot to mention their stance on contraception , or rather lack of . 
  i was talking more about planned vs accidental and wealthy vs poor, 
  whoever thinks europe is the place that needs lower birth rates to combat overpopulation is an idiot it 's the african people with 8 kids per woman who ca n't afford it that are the problem . 
  pension system is just one reason why we need more people of the productive age in our society , over old people . 
  try having a society where most people are senile . 
  good luck . 
  actually i meant sarmatia, 
  very mature . 
  not enough lettering . 
  also poland ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  the threshold should have basis in anything really . 
  the current minimum for legislative initiative is 15 deputies , so logically the limit should be 15/460 . 
  but i think there should n't be a threshold at all . 
  that happened in 1991 happened because the democratic system was new and there are n't really any established parties with a few exceptions . 
  even if we switched to it now there would n't be 20 parties popping out as people know what to expect . 
  why do you think the dhondt system is complicated ? 
  it 's pretty simple for a multi member constituency system . 
  every party gets what it deserves . 
  that 's what matters the most right ? 
  though i prefer the highest remainder systems like hare , they are even more representative . 
  irish reunification means the opposite of balkanization . 
  can we get days without news articles and without politics ? 
  those get boring really fast, 
  the * prezes * of poland, 
  spisz is included in the 330 figure, 
  explain to me why it 's not insecurity . 
  you ca n't . 
  justified or not , it 's still insecurity . 
  and i corrected myself over `` serbian bosnia '' , you 'd know if you read the whole post . 
  insecurity, 
  we need a new plague . 
  well that 's a simplification , neither china nor south korea want the status quo to change, 
  makes sense , seeing how you have so few people there and such a small market and economy . 
  could the price difference have anything to do with you having the euro ? 
  not just recently , your old currency was pegged to the euro for a long time before, 
  which tourist destinations are the most popular amongst lithuanians ? 
  in the country and abroad ? 
   whenever i go to our own seaside , i get most food at supermarket and try to get accommodation with kitchenette . 
  in poland . . fuck that , eating out every day . 
  any differences in quality ? 
  that seems to be a pretty petty reason . 
  the word was proposed for far longer , it 's not like he made it up . 
  when did i blame germany and the union for anything ? 
  nowhere . 
  i only said the issue must be solved at the eu level . 
   if this is a cost of living issue i 'd advise you take it up with your government . 
  that would be what they are for instead of blaming everything that goes wrong on the eu or the germans . 
  especially since all these prices are compared after vat and shop margins . 
  this is such a silly point . 
  this issue can only be solved at the eu level because of the free trade and the connected economies in the eu . 
   i wonder how much of this new-found anti-eu agitation is directed from russia . 
  are you being serious right now ? 
  let 's blame russia on everything . 
  very mature . 
  / r/badlinguistics, 
  there is a difference between poor treatment of minorities and killing tens of thousands of people in such a way, 
  how about you notice that the genocidaires are considered national heros in ukrine ? 
  that 's the point, 
  what are you talking about , po is a conservative liberal party . 
  they 're not leftist . 
  i mean they are pronounced the same , but not the letter that comes before them, 
  hungarians should switch to rovas anyway, 
  at first i was surprised because basic vat is 23 % here but you say it 's on all foodstuffs . 
  po and nowoczesna are center right and less conservative than pis, 
  most of the young generation does n't vote, 
  for some reason a lot of czechs seem to dislike * czechia . 
  * strange , considering czechia v czech republic is the same as \u010cesko v republika \u010cesk\u00e1 . 
  though to be fair that is consistent with the trend of eveerything being more expensive in lithuania than in poland . 
  stores in suwa\u0142ki and sejny are full of lithuanian shoppers . 
  can any lithuanian explain to me why that is ? 
  who said they were n't ? 
  maybe they just did n't care enough . 
   this is how it has happened everywhere in the world and it works . 
   this always ends in disaster . 
  you communists fucking never learn . 
  vietnam had thousands of years of history as a nation .
