  exactly, 
   404 file not found really makes you think, 
   france -  fa guo , `` law country ''  england -  ying guo , `` brave country ''  these are named after the first letter or cluster in the country 's name , not after bravey and law, 
  call me retarded but how i am supposed to read that ? 
  which got just 38 % votes so i deo n't really see your point, 
  have you seen how people vote in elections ? 
  how can you equate an accident to a hateful intentional crime ? 
  accidents are unavoidable in a large country , attacks are and you seem to think that terrorists mostly care about killing as many people . 
  no , that 's not the point . 
  til an accident = an intentional terrorist assult, 
  / pol / please go, 
  try doing this with detergents, 
  actually the maker originally used it on the map but changed it after someone in the comments pointed out it 's wrong at / r/vexillology, 
  what is your definition of alt right ? 
  so during the feudal era all the royals were not being honest with their human nature ? 
  we do n't really have alt-right in poland, 
   and it 's not always cheaper and worse in eastern europe . 
  usually it 's more expensive and worse . 
  he was a convicted murderer who only got out because of the war, 
  i mean he realized that austria-hungary was a flawed concept that would do no good for hungary in the long run, 
  looks even less impressive considering the mountanous surrounding, 
  someone needs to make an image like this but for english ... translating the latin and french borrowings into english, 
  i wonder if some of the differences exist solely because people in some countries prefer not to geotag tweets , ever . 
  this is something totally different . 
  it 's an important matter . 
  click the ` hide ' button if you do n't like it . 
  the arguments they give are n't very convincing, 
  i mean it 's in the name : eastern realm, 
  i know , the point i was making was that some of theme were artificially evolved, 
  i 've been there in the summer and it was n't that bad, 
  yeah , czechia has literally nothing in common with kingdom of bohemia, 
  i would like to live in venice if tourists were not allowed in, 
  how new are you, 
  czechia is the center of europe and has been for centuries , are you kidding me ? 
  unlicensed oscypki are often advertised as * serki g\u00f3ralskie * ( highlander cheese ), 
  meanwhile this is the etymology of polish * wielb\u0142\u0105d * ( camel ) :  from proto-slavic * vel\u044cb ( l ) \u01ebd\u044a , v\u044al\u044cb ( l ) \u01ebd\u044a , from gothic ( ulbandus ) , from latin elephantus , from ancient greek \u1f10\u03bb\u03ad\u03c6\u03b1\u03c2 ( el\u00e9phas ), 
  why not africaner ? 
  actually many slavic words in your language were replaced by latin borrowings in 19th century, 
  they do not look japanese and i 'm saying as someone who does n't know japanese in the slightest , just the phonological rules, 
   the only reason assad is still in power is russia . 
  and the only reason fsa and rebel groups still exist is support from the usa and the gulf countries . 
  why is the summit called sn\u011b\u017eka while snow is called sn\u00edh ? 
  is it standard process in czech ? 
   visengard group visegrad, 
   we voted for pis for a reason pis rules alone because of a fault in the system, 
   pis is parading itself as a warrior against `` muslim barbarism '' not really though unless you mean right wing media, 
  are you a troll or just stupid ? 
  i thought this would be the [ greater belgium ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-6138c4ea65df23330c9726e2f13d86e1 ) ? 
  actually it would be really neat if the netherlands were third country of belgium , alongside wallonia and flanders, 
  how does her having a priest son imply fundamentalism , or that there is a religious influence on the government ? 
  it 's different to do this in parliament and to do this in a 28 country international organization where every country is sovereign, 
  they are called right wing because they are conservative and they have authoritarian leaning, 
  illegal ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  illegal to own as a pet ? 
  no ukrainians in poland have a legal status of refugee though, 
  religion is an ideology , lifestyle , culture , moral code . 
  there are more polish migrants in germany than in britain and that has been the case for decades britain only became popular after accession of poland to the eu, 
  this sub has a hate boner for the uk , england in particular, 
  loaf of bread comparison is bad . 
  there are prices that are consistent like electronics and cars . 
  only admins can change titles on reddit . 
  lmao the bot was deleted after an hour, 
  you know it 's quality journalism when it uses polandball jokes and images, 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa , where is my 100 mln ? 
  i wish polish had such diversity . 
  other than kashubian and silesian only older rural people speak the dialects , the rest speaks standard polish with just a few phonetic and lexical changes in some regions, 
  why are diminutives not allowed in writing ? 
   raking in tourist money look at all this money france is not getting from tourists in versailles !, 
  btw do people in ireland have their names in two versions ? 
  in english and irish ? 
  so john o'neill would be called sean o neill ? 
  or am i completely wrong ? 
  i 've seen that in couple places on wikipedia . 
   o'sullivan that would be \u00d3 s\u00failleabh\u00e1in in irish ? 
   now you understand how we feel reading you :   i just responded to a guy saying  french science is warfare . 
  things frenchmen love is war . 
  wow . 
  how is being wiped out of the map for 100 years relevant here ? 
  it 's not in the slightest and there 's no reason to bring it up other than to create an uncivil discussion . 
   what should they have done differently from that point on ? 
  act ? 
  declaring war on its own means nothing . 
  what was so brave about anything the french did in 1939 ? 
  i could understand if you called it clever , or reasonable even if i disagreed . 
  but brave ? 
  doing nothing is brave now ? 
   no , later . 
  then it 's irrelevant ? 
  i clearly said 1939 . 
  read what franz guderian and other german officers had to say . 
  the invasion of poland was all-or-nothing operation that relied on poland 's western allies not reacting . 
  are you saying that france lost battles in 1939 ? 
  they did nothing back then . 
  facts are bad history now ? 
  tell me how brave the french were in 1939 . 
  the war could be over much sooner if even just france reacted . 
  yup , exactly like that . 
  either that or they try to cooperate . 
  if we 're speaking about hypotheticals : they could have a day 1 international agreement for that .
