  they do n't need the eu . 
  why do you think it 's the only organization that can guarantee freedom of movement ? 
  this scenario assumes the countries would have somewhat friendly relations and would n't build walls on their borders . 
  and of course the freedom of movement, 
  where ? 
  just split it neighborhood by neighborhood . 
  one hand i think that 's how it should be , on the other women 's toilets tend to be more filthy, 
  male privilege \u2122, 
   i 'm saying i 'm proud / r/me _ ira, 
  campaign means nothing in relation to actual decisions my by the british cabinet . 
  these are not the same people who run the campaign . 
  i do n't understand why people use this argument . 
  brexit is brexit . 
  you ca n't say it 's only a half . 
  there was no one organized brexit campaign , it was run by plenty of independent people and everyone had a different idea of brexit . 
  and even if there is , the uk government does n't follow the agenda of the brexit campaign . 
  it never said it would . 
  in fact we have no idea what is going to happen , there is chaos inside the tory party and it was there also when they had majority in westminster . 
  i did n't realize denmark was so warm . 
   winters in denmark are usually like 0-10 degrees you mean negative 10 degrees ? 
   but that is not what uk wants . 
  source ? 
  how can you say things like this when not even the uk knows what it wants, 
  norway enjoys plenty of benefits while not being a memeber of the union . 
  why does it have to be different for the uk ? 
  if it does , then it 's a punishment for leaving . 
   why did they build highways along the rivers ? 
  that has nothing to do with car-centrism . 
  roads have always been built along rivers . 
  conservative christians do n't want to implement religious law as a legal base in their country, 
  but some ones are truly embarassing to look at : http://www.theus50.com/images/state-licenses/idaho-license.jpg famous potatoes ? 
  really ? 
  but some ones are truly embarassing to look at : http://www.theus50.com/images/state-licenses/idaho-license.jpg famous potatoes ? 
  really ? 
  but some ones are truly embarassing to look at : http://www.theus50.com/images/state-licenses/idaho-license.jpg famous potatoes ? 
  really ? 
  triskelion is a symbol not exclusive to sicily , you know that 's like saying denmark has monopoly on crosses on flags, 
  triskelion is a symbol not exclusive to sicily , you know that 's like saying denmark has monopoly on crosses on flags, 
  triskelion is a symbol not exclusive to sicily , you know that 's like saying denmark has monopoly on crosses on flags, 
  triskelion is a symbol not exclusive to sicily , you know that 's like saying denmark has monopoly on crosses on flags, 
  triskelion is a symbol not exclusive to sicily , you know that 's like saying denmarkhas monopoly on crosses on flags, 
  was n't montenegro ruled by a bishop ? 
  lol i mean how the recent crisis affected the north and south differently, 
  do we really have to make everything about trump ? 
  what are the differences between the north and the south ? 
  our government said they would be supporting their neighbors but then changed their mind when it came to the actual vote . 
  that was the previous po cabinet though and it was one of the reasons they lost the election later that year, 
  a bit ? 
  po was popular but during the 7 years of tusk rule it got into lot of scandals and after he left , kopacz looked incompetent and the party looked disorganized . 
  people forgot about the chaos of the pis rule before 2007, 
  what you mean , do n't like the good old eye pee aye transcription ? 
  most of the actors are irish, 
   possibly the weakest in the west for a long time . 
  recency bias . 
  so it 's legal to stone apostates ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  < ch  and / x / , never / ch /, 
  how do you know ? 
  because irish treats letters like other languages treat diacritics, 
  / u/umunthu did you really submit an `` article '' that is a / r/mapporn post ? 
  why is this on the front page of / r/europe ? 
  usually no one cares about letters involving national leaders, 
  in dutch it would be tiesjach, 
  the traffickers purposefully sink the boats so the european agencies have to pick them up . 
  yeah but why is there a need of source at all for this kind of thread ? 
  would n't this be ok if op just copied and pasted this and passed it as his own ? 
  why is there a need of source for this ? 
  not really, 
   polish gordon ramsay ( mak\u0142owicz ) lmao, 
   czexit stop adding - exit to country names if it does n't make for a good pun czechout is better, 
  but i 'm pretty sure poland 's constitution does n't allow for forced relocation of people , and neither do other international deals, 
   fight against trafficking in human beings they do n't seem to be doing a good job of that, 
  because of the pollution , i think so, 
  it was a basic symbol in almost every culture . 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e9/e6/ef/e9e6ef78c8f6508c1507f8f6371dc6f3.jpg it 's like banning a cross or a square . 
  i understand both of these words , but it 's not funny or clever . 
  i do n't get it . 
   call assad to hand us syrian citizens criminal records this would be smarter than what anyone in europe is actually doing, 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu1prygkggi, 
  i do n't think his show would look the same if it was made for brits, 
  w\u00f3dka gda\u0144ska is a trademark of a german company now . 
  how about greeks stop being paranoid ? 
  jesus christ , you 're all acting like macedonia is going to invade you tomorrow . 
  i think it 's the delivery . 
  the writing is ok most of the time . 
  west bulgaria, 
  til macedonia is literally isis, 
  omfg land claims ? 
  are you serious right now ? 
   making money is n't the god damn point it kind of is, 
  well av is not proportional so it might have to do with that . 
  `` strong push . '', 
  one retired rockstar thinks it will make the elections `` for the people '' . 
  his party got 9 % with 50 % turnout , and most of his `` party '' are just random anti-estabilishment candidates . 
  i do n't think even his voters care much about that . 
  thanks , i had no idea, 
  ~ ~ wrong again . ~ ~ `` first past the post '' means that the true majority ( 50 % ) is n't required . 
  clearly there 's no other way other than true majority when there are only 2 candidates . 
  it 's not first past the post if there are two rounds ... 
  the term you 're looking for is a single member constituency,
