proto-slavic had no f , only w ~ v, 
  lithuanian and russian sound more alike than russian and czech . 
  in poland there 's a line that separates placenames ending in - \u00f3w to the south and - owo to the north . 
  [ map . 
  potato potato . 
   armenia/georgia/azerbaijan it 's called transcaucasia, 
  every one here would consider asia minor european if they were greek and christian, 
  germans came up with the term * middle europe , * though it existed for longer than that, 
  well that and the fact that the central european culture exists and is more noticeable in poland than the eastern culture . 
  people care because to us , eastern european means eastern orthodox . 
  what about your neighborhood ? 
  2390 visits to estonia in 1000 trips ? 
  what ? 
  people itt forget that geographically continents are more defined by tectonic plates and not really just as land above water . 
  oceanic and continental plates also have diffrent geological formation . 
  because crimea is just an excuse . 
  geopolitics do n't care about just someone waging a war . 
  i 'm not talking about the downvotes , i did n't downvote anyone . 
  i thought you were asking about the actual argument . 
  it 's just that having more options is a lot better than being stuck in binary . 
  with my tap , if i wanted freezing or boiling wate , i can still do that . 
  so it 's just objectively superior . 
  whatever , have fun with your worse taps . 
  all of these are probably true for the whole central europe, 
  no i meant , is it empty just in regat , as opposed to transylvania ? 
  just on one side of the carpathians ? 
  i feel like that 's mostly true - except northern scotland and some islands in the north, 
  that 's just nomenclature . 
  scotland is a devolved autonomous region inside the uk , catalonia is a devolved autonomous region inside spain . 
  that it 's called * country * comes from tradition . 
  how are pis members reacting ? 
  pis actually wanted to move the constitutional tribunal seat to another city because of the protestors a while back, 
  thanks, 
   ordnungsbussenverordnung what does this word look like when you hyphenate the elements inside it ? 
  the `` democratic '' system in poland is broken though . 
  51 % seats with 38 % votes , 15 % of the valid votes went to trash . 
  yet people , even here , will defend the 5 % threshold . 
  they 'll say `` it prevents extremist parties from getting in '' bullshit . 
  it 's a well known tool to limit any new `` players '' in politics . 
  yeah but the difference is that the judges in the us ca n't be removed, 
  i do n't think a polish political party should care what the name sounds like to foreign language speakers . 
   middelbare school ( ages 12 - 18 ) ; 3000 + sounds like hell, 
  thanks for understaning at what i was getting at . 
  other people who replied to me here were still thinking aout the sovereign german nationstate of the present , instead of this potential-future idea, 
  it 's a trade off . 
  big countries still have the most votes . 
  small countries have the most representation . 
  why ? 
   an injustice in need of righting if we should ever federalise . 
  yes , by breaking the larger countries down . 
  so ideally , no federal subject is larger than 15 mln in population . 
   and has been an independent state for fifteen years longer . 
   it 's not like the tourists were discouraged by the union of serbia and montenegro, 
  could you elaborate ? 
  how was it for them ? 
  did they get back to whatever they were doing before ? 
  was there any government assistsance ? 
  but i do n't care about americans , i want to compare different countries inside europe i have seen a thread like this on askreddit once but as you can guess almost all replies were american, 
  or maybe they just see hundreds of years of german influence ? 
  we have several . 
  in or coat of arms we have the white eagle , of unknown species , if it 's even real and not just heraldic . 
  we also have the wisent/bison / \u017cubr and the white stork . 
  fitting as we have one of the biggest populations of them . 
  i thought it was called the cock ? 
  like in french, 
   yes , but it should never be done on a pre-teen unless there 's a pressing issue like an infection or something like that . 
  the foreskin is supposed to have retracted naturally by the time you hit your early teens , so diagnosing phimosis before that makes no sense . 
  even in adult cases , it can pretty much always be fixed by stretching the skin , so surgery is n't even necessary then . 
  to confuse the shit out of everybody , i assume, 
  i have a feeling that any foreign swearwords feel weak in comparison to my native polish ones . 
  do you feel the same way about the german ones ? 
   people often vote for the candidate instead of the party that 's kind of besides the point . 
  does your stv involve lists or do you vote for an individual ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the system, 
  is that because you do n't use party lists or what ? 
   have a substitute hold their mandate the next person from the party list or do you have by-election ? 
  i like irish, 
   sure , but when only a third of parliament is up for election , that effectively amplifies any rounding errors . 
   under the current system , around 3.5 million votes are used to fill 179 seats in parliament . 
   with staggered elections , you 'd have , say , 1.16 million votes , split across 9 parties of varying sizes , to fill just 60 seats . 
  the lower number of seats means the number of seats won per party wo n't be able to match their proportion of the vote as accurately as it does today . 
  so the composition of parliament would diverge more from the actual votes cast . 
   look at the example i gave in the op , in the last line . 
  i divided the country by districts but kept the districts in tact . 
  remember , the core election and seat distribution happens inside the district . 
  it poland districts have between 7 and 20 mps for each of them . 
  this changes nothing when it comes to the way mps are chosen . 
  the timing is the only difference . 
   ( again , assuming the us system with staggered 6 year terms replacing our current 4 year terms ) . 
  to be fair that 's a strange assumption . 
  there 's no reason to make the term lengths longer under this system . 
   i 'm pointing out that on average it 'd be the same . 
   not really . 
  you 're telling me about the faults that both systems have and yet someone declare that this one is worse . 
  i 'd be interested in what you consider to be better . 
   since that depends on being able to divide seats based on the total nationwide vote . 
  you could kinda sorta approximate something similar within individual electoral districts , but it would be much less accurate because of the smaller number of people being elected . 
  and introducing electoral districts also open up possibilities of gerrymandering and other sneakiness . 
   what do you mean ? 
  denmark already has multimember proportional party list system .
