  but kind of misleading to people who know little about french fries . 
   'm sure that you acknowledge what fyrom 's doing but for your own unknown reasons you simply ignore it . 
  i 'm not ignoring anything , you said yourself the name is unbreakably tied to the national myth which i disagree with . 
  and you said you would n't be fine with them having the name eithier way , regardless of beliefs of whoever is in the country of macedonia as long as the people there are not greek, 
   cuprus was one before it was split . 
  and when it was split the northern part was named `` northern cyprus '' ( officially the turkish republic of northern cyprus - which btw nullifies your earlier comment that `` there 's no reason for a `` northern '' in the name since there is no sovereign country with `` southern '' . 
  well there 's no `` southern cyprus '' either and look at that . 
  northern cyprus got a geographically distinctive just to separate it from cyprus . 
  not so international standards after all huh ? 
   not at all , since there is n't a sovereign country that goes by the name of macedonia or anything similar . 
  but i admit it was a bad example for a reason that 's it 's not recognized globally, 
   what standards are these ? 
  united states of ** america ** russia cyprus - despite there being two of them ( that 's a fact whether you like it or not ) india greece - it 's one of 2 greek countries, 
   it is however the only state with `` germans '' as its people . 
  artificial difference created after wwii . 
   like i explained above , the name as it is now is wrong both historically and geographically geographically it 's correct and up to the standards of international community . 
   i 'm not interested in other countries frankly . 
  i can see that , as you want macedonia to change their name without a major reason to . 
   because the myth could be abandoned and then they could start with it again that 's just a very silly assumption . 
   northern macedonia there 's no point to that name . 
  there 's no sovereign country in the world called `` southern macedonia '' or even `` macedonia '' there 's a region in belgium that 's called luxembourg . 
  and it 's bigger than independent state of luxembourg . 
  yet both sides manage to get along . 
  would you have a problem with the name if they abandoned the ancient macedonian national myth ? 
   europe is the name of the wider area in which greece is as well . 
  should greece change its name to europe ? 
  horrible comparison and you know that . 
  changes like that happened all the time . 
  current france has very little connection to the franks , russia called itself that to claim suzereignty over other ruthenian states , many african countries are named after geographical features , croatia also contains slavonia , istria and dalmatia , germany is not the only german state , netherlands is one of the few countries in the low lands . 
  macedonia is a name of geographical region . 
  what 's wrong with calling it that ? 
  most of macedonia is within that region . 
  so is it about the name , or their stupid nationalism ? 
  those are clearly two separate issues butgreeks seem to think they 're one and the same . 
  west bulgaria, 
  just because the government is retarded and claims greek history does n't mean there 's anything wrong witht the name . 
  macedonia is the name of a geographical region . 
  what else should they be called ? 
  is it wrong for english-dominated great btitain to call itself that ? 
  descendants of anglo-saxons are not celtic . 
   it 's time for the us to have 3 major parties again where the third actually has seats in the senate that 's pretty much impossible under the us electoral system, 
  you 're wrong with your logic . 
  the name french fries is about the way of frying , not about the country of origin . 
   future eu will likely also include serbia which will only tip the balance ( slightly ) more in favor of russia serbia is less russophilic than you think and even that would n't matter that much . 
  that belief is based on history , not on actual current relations . 
  eu already does far more for serbia than russia does nowadays, 
  you realize those who stay are not the same people who emigrate ? 
  right ? 
   barbarian  ( ... ) from ancient greek \u03b2\u03ac\u03c1\u03b2\u03b1\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 ( b\u00e1rbaros , `` foreign , non-greek , strange '' ) , onomatopoeic ( mimicking foreign languages , akin to english blah blah ) yup , germans . 
   niemiec  from proto-slavic * n\u011bm\u044cc\u044c ( `` foreigner ; german '' , literally `` a mute one '' ), 
  poland is n't a presidential republic yet every major thing about presidency is in the consitution too \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30b7 ) _ / \u00af, 
  really ? 
  interesting . 
  in poland the electoral system is mostly in the constitution, 
  it 's not very different because it still uses single member districts . 
  which is pretty pointless . 
  there can only be one president , so it 's natural to use . 
  but when you have 577 mps , why not have proportionality ? 
  back then it was called constantinople, 
  i wish that was the case in poland [ this is what our lower chamber would look like if this was a rule ] ( http://www.fronda.pl/site_media/media/uploads/article/.thumbnails/wyniki_wybor%c3%b3w_proporcjonalne-746x280.jpg ) - 5ft party from the left and the last two did n't get any seats out of 460, 
   it 's actually winning three seats or getting over 5 % . 
  they used to write the letter * nn . 
  * i wish it was considered a correct alternative , like ae oe ue in german or ae oe aa in danish . 
  we have it in polish, 
  why 5 % ? 
  it 's very arbitrary . 
  at least it should be a treshold of 2 or 3 seats in the parliament . 
  5 % just fucks over everyone . 
   with proportional voting , you just have to be influential enough in your party to be near the top of the list that 's not true . 
  in poland you check in a box next to a candidate 's name on a list . 
  then the list is reordered from the most to least votes , and the ones at the top get the seat . 
  it usually does n't matter though as the most well known politicians are put at the top . 
  though there was a case when somewhat controversal ziobro was put in the last place on the list and still got the most votes out of all of them . 
  actually he got the highest % in poland , when it comes to voting for a candidate on a list . 
   that sentence it 's not one sentence . 
  listen to the original . 
  i 'm not syaing it about the 2020 date , just explaining the rules . 
  sometimes people can be very forward thinking , you never know . 
  i 've met with a few who though foreign debt between two countries can be just paid off by the state , or ones who though all government agencies and administrative offices all share the same budget . 
   then it is tax avoidance , not tax evasion for a layman it 's the same thing, 
   european funds dont have a set expriy date we 'll still be receiving , just less than we 'll be giving . 
   the right side on history i hate this term, 
   there 's exactly 0 reason to make this a hover thingy , or a link to a jsfiddle . 
  also it does n't work on mobile . 
  well do you think there 's anything wrong with not perceiving the genders as equal in all areas ? 
   it 's gdp per capita yes i can read . 
  it 's still irrelevant and dodging the question . 
  so it has to be black or white ? 
  no middle ground whatsoever ? 
  eh , if he does n't get involved with politics i doubt much of the hat will trickle down on him . 
  you do n't understand what 's going on . 
  do you think i 'm stupid and not realize ? 
  how gdp relavant to the discussion ? 
  you 're just using it as a instrument to your patronizing attitude towards bulgaria . 
  show me how eu is working on correcting price and quality inequality amongst the member countries . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  or gropecunt lane, 
  but it 's still a shitty single member constituency system . 
   the eu is fixing the issue show me how . 
  source ?
