   warsaw is liberal we 're not in america , please use the correct terminology, 
  this map is n't implying that . 
  you 're overexagerating . 
  most poll showed that polish people would choose clinton if they had a choice, 
  even that would n't be correct , as polish and belarusian authorities are setting up a new deal when it comes to belsat, 
  this has been the belarusian stance for a longer time ; he said the same things in 2014, 
  serbian , croatian , montenegrin and bosnian are dialects of one language : serbo-croatian . 
  hell , [ they are n't even proper dialects ] ( http://www.pinteric.com/pic/stand1.jpg ) ; they are actually more of literally standards for each of the countries that pretend to be separate because of the conflicts between the countries it 's really silly , there are more differences amongst dutch or italian dialects but these realize and accept that fact . 
  former yugoslavs are still angry in that manner, 
  it 's true but there are other sensible reasons as to why this is being proposed , not voter-related ... 
  but of course this valuable article does n't mention them in the slightest ... not a pis voter , i just hate shitty reporting, 
  i disagree with you on that matter as i 'm more of a europhile , but if someone said fuck trump or putin , he 'd get up voted, 
  why is this getting downvoted lmao, 
  ukraine was n't a thing in 1775 . 
  and crimea was the only autonomous province of ukraine and it split off along pre-existing lines what 's your point ? 
  why would finnish need a pronounciation guide , for fucks sake . 
  it has one of the simplest scripts out there and this sounds nothing like finnish anyway, 
  to be fair i only hate criminals , not entire nations, 
  these israelis accuse those people of antisemitism because they are snobbish hypocrites, 
  french does n't even have a h sound, 
  why does the german host randomly insert english phrases ? 
  xenophobia towards the brits is the worst , no one wants to admit to it, 
  why are there south african mods in / r/europe, 
  actually , they were extremely dangerous and have been dealt with . 
  and what is this strange reason ? 
  i hate the pole jokes because the punchline is just stupility and not any cultural or historical aspects, 
   polish cinema probably is where my addiction in poland comes from . 
  i have about 100 polish movies in collection . 
   i do n't even know if i watched a hundred being polish myself ... care to share some titles ? 
  germanic , not german, 
  polish victory in 1683 was actually a bad thing for us in the geopolitical sense , it only benefitted the habsburgs and not us . 
  us has a fical union , the eu does n't, 
  so people native to the land as much as you should be less respected because leader of their most voted party is a harmful politician , and because they do n't speak pure polish ? 
  that 's some bullshit reasons, 
  but you complained that you do n't like the poles who do n't assimilate . 
  and they should n't have to . 
  maybe i used the wrong word in my reply . 
  i 'm not deluding myself . 
  i am actually very much in favour of federalisation . 
  i just do n't like that guy 's way of thinking, 
   they dont like us much for some reason other way round . 
  [ we still wear them , you know ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rogatywka ), 
  yeah . 
  we 're the worst when it comes to that, 
  you know , the goal of europe is n't federalisation ... only for some people . 
   name days til some countries do n't have them also what we share with romania is the best date format : 31 i 2017, 
  how do the prices compare for some everyday products ? 
  does anyone speak polish in israel ? 
  is it just the old people ? 
  [ even the hole in the middle is kind of historically accurate ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bb/irp1.png/1280px-irp1.png ), 
  polish people have been there for centuries , they should n't be forced to assimilate, 
  poland , slovakia , czechia and hungary are practically at the same development level . 
  croatia and slovenia could join , but i do n't see ukraine , with its war and other problems, 
  we 're already ahead of our schedule ) ) ) ) ) ) ) http://www.irishcentral.com/news/irish-now-the-third-most-spoken-language-in-ireland-after-english-and-polish-145200025-237438651, 
  are the groceries cheaper because you have euro , and had the euro-pegged lit beforehand ? 
  but this winter has been one of the warmer ones ... 
   ~ ~ l ~ ~ \u0142, 
  great argument , dude, 
  til there 's just one tourist attraction in all of slovenia , and it 's this lake, 
  yes , the republican primary system was set up in favour of the estabilishment candidate . 
  but they did n't expect there to be like 7 of them . 
  this helped trump really stand out , with his convincing speaking abilities, 
  the primary system in the us would be considered wildly undemocratic here ... and i 'm not even talking about the dnc scandal . 
  if you want to see a primary that 's not blatantly rigged to support the estabilishment candidate , look no further than france and how their parties do it . 
  so if a reality tv star started running in your country , would you really say that you knew him for decades ? 
  trump was never a politician . 
  this side of him was unknown to the people . 
  people in france actually have a choice , unlike america where they have only 2 candidates, 
  the freedom to not have tresspassers running across your property, 
   surely regardless of your stance on trump or any other issue i never mentioned my stance on trump and it 's irrelevant anyway and it is direct because those people directly force the state to take action, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=jakub+rozalski&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all reddit seems to like his work, 
  i do n't think that direct democracy should exist in the realm of foreign policy making ... 
  i mean , just look at brexit . 
  anyway , cancelling this meeting would be just counter-productive . 
  why are you ommitting the fact there are millions of refugees in russia ? 
  warsaw is already too car-centred , for a polish city especially edit : in terms of the city planning , not the bahaviour also , your post went too far . 
  my post was just about the parking spaces, 
  how are downtown parkings related to low-density suburbs ? 
  maybe some of those slovaks were born in czechoslovakia so it does n't count them as foreign-born ? 
  also , what is your data about ? 
  self-identification or place of birth ? 
  you know that my comment was a comparison ? 
  i 'd rather have british rows of semi-detached houses or american suburbia than fugly commieblocks, 
  they look out of place and are an eyesore to see a huge building like that abovethe horizon, 
  well if my country ended up looking [ like this ] ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/images/map-poland-1947.gif ) , with just the white part , after the ww2 i 'd be butthurt as well, 
  if anything , fire arms are lame . 
  you just point at some guy far away , pull the trigger a few times and he 's dead . 
   it 's still better than a few ruins . 
  the ruins can be renovated , unless it 's really bad, 
  when did ukrainians overtake slovaks in chechia ? 
  they liberated themselves by taking refuge in those countries . 
  very relevant comment to this picture, 
  similar thing happened in the netherlands . 
  fair point . 
  hawaii was n't even a state back then, 
  still , very insignificant . 
  that 's just silly , why would they represent just the bosniaks and not all the bosnians ? 
  is n't that a bit too submissive towards the danes , to have as a national symbol ? 
  what was the problem with it ? 
  and which design are you actually talking about ?
