   but the monarchy from then on became hereditary . 
   what a douche . 
  that was the worst pun i 've ever seen, 
  [ if their religion goes against everything in modern european civilization , then it makes sense . 
  ] ( https://counterjihadnews.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/bq2mi3mciaedhl5.jpg ), 
  it was the congolese that were single handed , not the king . 
  i see nothing but wishful thinking . 
  and i disagree with his point about the far right . 
  alright but do n't call it winning . 
  the fight is n't over , so why claim that ? 
  theres no way to find out because french censuses do n't record that data . 
  we have to rely on less reliable data . 
  `` you '' are n't winning you dummy . 
  attacks are still happening . 
  yeah but there werent any laws passed that lowered the media freedom , right ? 
  even if the national media were changed to become more propaganda , how does that affect press freedom ? 
  how is that related to my point ? 
  fptp has nothing to do with homogenity . 
  my point was that fptp is bad because in a swing state , normally votes would be around even in proportional system . 
  but instead someone can win all of its votes because he got 1 % better result in the popular vote . 
   it would look be a mosque museum *, 
  russians are the only ones that can launch people into space atm, 
  what do you mean ? 
  have you not heard how the brave swiss citizens defented their country against the nazis using their hunting rifles ? 
  rip portuguese empire . 
  the usual definition is all of europe without fennoscandia and british and irish isles, 
  do n't worry about it , you french already killed off all the minorities ' cultures and languages, 
  two times the croats ruined it * / s, 
  half of the things you said are invalidated because almost all states use fptp, 
  look again . 
  you see the uk , icaland , british middle east and the soviet union ? 
  they should really have two boxes , one green and one red next to `` allied-held areas '' , so i understand your confusion . 
  explanation : tatraism ( i just made this translation up , it 's originally * taternictwo * ) is a polish equivalent to alpinism or himalaism , named after the tatra mountains . 
  you knew where stalingrad is , right ? 
  should n't hamon have gotten more unemployed voters ? 
  he wanted to introduce basic income, 
  yeah and poland attacked the gliwice radio tower, 
  i mean hungary , albania and bulgaria have better borders but those are the only things good on this map, 
  either way , he 's right about the west looking for markets to exploit . 
  holy shit dude learn to punctuate . 
  http://www.ef.com/english-resources/english-grammar/comma/ http://www.ef.com/english-resources/english-grammar/apostrophe/, 
  what is your comment about ? 
  just because ethnicities are not recognized legally does n't mean the problems mentioned by him doe n't exist . 
  what a dumb ( literally ) way of thinking , i 'm shocked . 
   and neither did french muslims  and the terrorist attacks done by them did n't happen ? 
  why are you lying to yourself ? 
  and if you seriously equate dislike of a genetically determined physical features and a dislike of a philosophy , a moral code and way of life then you are blind . 
  oh i do n't know about that , there are many single-issue voters . 
  ideally we would have multiple round elections where only one candidate is eliminated per round but that 's too expensive and not worth it . 
  this is how they do it in some closed voting enviroments but it 's not feasible when you have the whole nation voting . 
  i thought it would be the closest because despite of them being from theoretically opposite wings , they still have quite a few common postulates, 
  melenchon - le pen would be entertaining . 
  i mean as entertaining as a risky extreme sport, 
   hence why le pen tried appealing to left-wing voters . 
  but there was n't any support for her there . 
   why would a leftist vote for le pen when there 's melenchon ? 
  meluche ? 
  that 's not answering my question . 
  has he said anything yet ? 
  did the voting stop in the metropoly ? 
  if not , when does it ? 
  what time ? 
  when are the offical results ? 
  who is the witch ? 
  not to mention the us is the hardest country to predict the result in due to winner-take-all . 
  you never know if a swing state with polling being even , will bring +20 electors to one candidate or the other, 
  if you visited the linked sub you 'd understand, 
  seriously , that was a disaster . 
  good thing the president is mostly ceremonial in austria . 
  why is melenchon called meluche ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  or is it just a french equivalent to `` drumpf '' ? 
  it 's not decorative / r/badlinguistics, 
  what about rich people who will vote melenchon ? 
  do they exist ? 
  no it does n't . 
   did he really refer to the german reunification as an annexation because it objectively was annexation of east germany into brd . 
  with consent , but an annexation nonetheless . 
  true, 
  alright , i see now that he said `` majority of poles '' , not `` majority of voters '' big difference . 
  the turnout does n't matter in this argument , only the opinion of people who voted matters, 
  really ? 
  you have forgotten about the tk scandal already ? 
  i think what pis did is worse in this case but po is n't innocent either . 
  we all know that 's just in theory and not the case in practice . 
  all the other high officials in the eu worked to benefit their home states . 
  most famously juncker . 
  tusk seems to be an exception . 
  i know it may sound scummy but try being polish and realizing that having a polish president in the eu does little for poland . 
   all his actions lead one to suspect he is a man without morals there are no morals in geopolitics . 
  you could say that about any powerful world leader . 
  but that one actually happened in real life in bolivia, 
  you werent paying attention then, 
  you 're missing the point . 
  apparently a couple pics of european scientists are too much , but these jokes mods love are so hilarious, 
  who 's the guy reading in the video ? 
  ffs we do n't need a megathread for everything . 
  this is made up btw . 
  he never said that . 
  wow strawpoll looks awful now edit : wew i 'm retarded .
