  the difference is , belgium is rich . 
  it was the second country in the world to industrialize after all . 
  also the internal division of belgium actually makes sense, 
  you 're not a racist if you dislike a religion . 
  race and religion are completely different matters . 
  it 's like apples to oranges . 
  not to mention one of their highest goverment officials is appointed by the eu . 
  and to think people in poland complain about being ruled from brussells !, 
  at least we have a vote . 
  oh so a religion , ideology , way of life , moral code is now the same thing as perception of hereditary features ? 
  bosnia was a mistake . 
  there 's the reason why this part of europe gets called `` butthurt belt '' you sound russophobic , no offense, 
  judging by the points/comments ratio i guess this topic is controversial, 
  to be fair that frog thing was true, 
   democracy is a joke * lack of democracy is a joke . 
  looking at the last decade in my country and in neighboring countries , i can for sure say that the more direct the democracy is , the better . 
  otherwise it 's just used like a tool for tyranny . 
  by more direct i mean one where most people go to vote and do n't stay home and complain ; or a countries with no electoral treshold which is just spit in the face of voters and the democracy itself ( pis won over 50 % seats in parliament with just 38 % votes ), 
  it 's not about population size but about age structure, 
  are you agreeing with / u/evil _ robot_king or not ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  anfd are you saying what japan is doing is good ? 
  japan is a complete disaster demographically . 
  there is no way a healthy society can function with so few young people . 
   some immigrant groups are n't paying even after 18 years . 
  that 's why we need only select groups of migrants, 
  well if you import people this year you 'll have people right here , right now that are in the working age . 
  if you decide to have a baby , you 'll have to wait 20 years for it to enter the economy, 
  of course they did , just on a smaller scale, 
  i 'm laughing out loud , this is hilarious, 
  the ottomans are back, 
  [ i think i did pretty good considering i used a trackpad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ddwrrel.png ), 
   you 're the guy who would n't tell me what you do for a living ? 
  i wonder why . 
  it 's still irrelevant and avoiding the topic . 
  and yes . 
  i 'm anti-migration when educated people migrate away from my country , pro-migration when ciriminals go away and when my country gets educated migrants . 
  just like people in western europe do . 
  of course you 're going to be unhappy if you 're at the worst end of things . 
  alright , thousands . 
  still , ammount that could have helped polish people immensely instead . 
  my point was that no one wants to come to poland becuase of low wages and thus poland is left with no specialists left . 
   poland is also one of the worst examples you could give , there 's hundreds of thousands of polish people in the uk alone . 
  there is no contradiction in my example . 
  the whole thing might be good for couple individuals who emigrate but the whole nation suffers at the same time . 
  how is that relevant ? 
   portugal has too many nurses , uk needs nurses . 
  perfect . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  at all . 
  we in poland educate doctors , they in turn emigrate massively to richer countries for better salaries . 
  meanwhile we have a deficit of doctor and that 's a great crisis . 
  you seem paranoid if you think that 's the primary reason . 
  it 's just common linguistic sense to consider them a single language . 
  you do n't need to be a fan of yugoslavia in the slightest . 
  it 's actually sad what happened in croatia in the 60s , how they declared croatian separate mostly for political reasons . 
  this choice is not only closer to the truth but also it unites people which is always good . 
  ( and no that does n't mean yugoslavia is coming back ) even if what are they going to do to croatia ? 
  go home juncker , you 're drunk . 
  what about ~ ~ coastal serbian ~ ~ montenegrin ? 
   you can introduce a new sign , which corresponds to ije/je/e . 
  i suggest \u00e9 or \u00ef . i suggest a digraph ie . 
  kind of a middle ground between i/e/ije . 
  if you really want to use a diacritic , it 's best to use \u011b as it 's the same as in proto-slavic notation for yat ' sound or the czech letter . 
  there'a cyrillic letter for that already . 
  it 's insane that karadi\u0107 did n't use it . 
  one of few reasons why both of serbo-croatian scripts are bad . 
  very phonetic when there 's no need for that . 
  the ligature letters would be good to have as exactly that - ligatures , but having them as distinct letters bring nothing except having 1:1 character : phone ratio , which is in itself pointless . 
   well the thing is that serbocraotian is a product of yugoslavia , and it has indeed moved the languages closer to each other . 
  but you have to look to the more then millennia old literary traditions of both . 
  there you 'll see that they have developed separately quite a bit and that they distinguished each other as such . 
   you have this the wrong way round . 
  they are , and were very close and a part of a single dialect continuum but then they developed different literally traditions that pushed them apart, 
   so you 're a yugoslavian now sweet !, 
  that 's true . 
  jesus , croatians are really childish and tribalistic about this, 
   as a kajkavijan - fuck that noise . 
  we had 100 years of that bullshit . 
  think we 've had enough . 
  serbia and bosnia can do with their languages whatever they want , we 're just fine as it is . 
  this is from another reply itt people are really childish, 
  all 4 literary languages are based on a single dialect though . 
  are n't bulgarian and macedonian the same language with literary standards based on different regional dialects ? 
  edit : or should i say , a dialect continuum, 
   and those in the know spread it to the commons , and then you end up with the translated ( = invented ) word sounding moronic to people . 
  some of the most retarded proposals i heard of were `` isko\u010dnik '' ( pop up window ) , `` o\u010dvrsje '' ( hardware ) , `` dodirnik '' ( touch screen , and no i kid you not , they came up with that ) . 
  one of my college teachers ( i 'm in it ) actually requested that we do n't write that nonsense on tests because it makes him die inside . 
   are you saying that because the thought itself is laughable for you or because these words you listed could have been translated better ? 
  if it 's the first one it 's a matter of attitude . 
  i personally like when words i 'm using have actual underlying meaning that 's understandable to a speaker upon inspection or even without it . 
   for me personally they are different languages how so ? 
  all the literary standards come from the same dialect of serbocroatian . 
   also more than a thousand years of history ... no , seriously , this is the strongest theory on `` where we came from '' ,  the irony is killing me . 
  so we were separate people even before we came to balkans do you not realize that all slavs at that time spoke proto-slavic ? 
  they got further apart only in the following centuries, 
  i do n't think they were ever used much , i suspect they were only used in old ruthenian, 
  well technically \u046d and \u0469 are both , 
  i think you have trouble reading . 
  no offense .
