  what exactly is slowing down integration ? 
  that 's a big number though . 
  and regardless of size , as long as there is minority it should have some of its rights . 
  look at how romania does it, 
   we do not ask you allow latvians to use latvian in the polish government because there are next to none native latvians in poland meanwhile almost every pole in lithiuania is a native, 
  i 'm not stirring anything . 
  in poland there are ethnic groups that have less than a thousand members and still are recognised locally . 
  that 's why it seems so bizzare to have a big minority and ignore it, 
  are you trolling or do you really think that ? 
  but the language is still not recognised legally , that 's a problem . 
  through greek , yes, 
  so lithuania seems to be the worst part of europe when it comes to minority rights ... 
  in poland we have less than 10 000 lithuanians but they 're still a recognised minority and have dual language use in their municipalities lithuanians seem really insecure when it comes to the polish question . 
  are you serious ? 
   a trade war refers to two or more states raising or creating tariffs or other trade barriers on each other in retaliation for other trade barriers . 
  polish is n't official in parts of lithuania ? 
   you either have islamist/wahhabist syria or assad 's syria . 
  or a federation , like the kurds want, 
  ruthenia and rus are the same thing in english, 
  yeah , them as well . 
  and macedonians . 
  so yeah , that point about serbs and croats is completely wrong . 
  i agree . 
  it 's silly to think that bundesrepublik deutschland has a monopoly on german identity . 
  it ' got something to do with this new anglo way of thinking that every country has a corresponding nation . 
  in polish for example these are independent . 
   serbs and croats are only slavic nations that have name origin outside slavic language family . 
  uhh , bulgarians ? 
  ruthenia, 
  are you serious ? 
   since they 're trying to please the americans over nato . 
   that does n't make sense , you meant over eu military ? 
   it 's not a rich jew 's fault you are mediocre at everything and your salary reflects that . 
  that 's just stupid to say . 
  not everything in this world is fairly achieved , after all much wealth is inherited not earned  if anything , you should befriend a jew and ask them to `` lend '' you some money , if you believe that . 
  if their criticisms were true then do you really believe the jews would befriend them ? 
  you obviously know nothing about polish politics . 
   that argument does n't make any sense because poland was never occupied by the ottomans heard about podole ? 
  even in 16th century it was a huge deal, 
  tell me about it, 
  according to this doefinition social economic groups ca n't be subjects to genocide . 
  so technically pol pot did n't commit genocide ? 
   more than what common people actually wore they were never supposed to represent that - they 're mostly supposed to be festive costumes, 
  but feel free to enjoy all of their achievements , amarite ? 
  yeah one person, 
  no one 's arguing yet lol, 
  you missed my point . 
  * tips fedora *, 
   it is a religious view , christianity and islam made homosexuality bad . 
  actually the human nature did , no matter how you look at it . 
  the ultimate purpose of love is the survival of the species . 
  it 's not like christianity got that out of thin air . 
  the real logic is that grandmothers can look after their grandchildren, 
   main concerns in a nutshell ; currency [ we have no scottish currency that is n't pounds . 
  ruk wo n't let us continue with pounds ] the way i see it , you 'd have to create scottish pound being pegged to the sterling for the first few years, 
  please use a better template also , a lot has changed since 2014 - the refugee crisis and ukrainian migration happened, 
  ideally , the eu headquarters would be located in prague, 
  pis is not eurosceptic . 
  maybe in rhetoric but not in actions, 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure it comes from the word l\u0119dzianie . 
  there was no such thing as lechici , it only appeared in historiography centuries later . 
  the word lechites is from latin . 
   ( think about it . 
  almost all words starting with f are of greek origin , at least in indo-european languages ) . 
  that 's only the case in slavic and baltic languages , since there was only * w in proto-balto-slavic but not * f, 
   the current borders do have a historical precedent because they closely resemble the medieval borders before the hre conquered parts of poland that 's not how it went at all ... first the country was split up in 1138 and by the time it got reunited in the early 14th century by w\u0142adys\u0142aw i , he failed to incorporate some territories , particularly silesia because it was so fragmented , every bigger city had a duchy around it . 
  and later some of these joined the hre but not because they were conquered but because of inheritance , in most cases  are lubusz and lower silesia . 
  and western pomerania and lusatia, 
   pomerania and parts of silesia for instance have been ethnically german since the middle ages actually most of these areas only became majority german in the 17/18th century  but the polish historical claim to these regions has always been very important not really ... only to gda\u0144sk pomerania and upper silesia . 
  and the current borders do n't have anything to do with what the polish people thought because they were drawn by stalin, 
   had to reform the language to phase out many slavic loan words still got a lot of those, 
  and putin is literally hitler amarite ? 
  no actually , szeklerland has been hungarian since the middle ages, 
  why are you feeding an obvious troll ? 
  [ you can do it like the nigerians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_youth_service_corps ), 
   also where is this decline in employment rates in eastern countries ? 
  as far as i know most of eastern europe has record low unemployment numbers . 
  no shit , if the unemployed leave , the employment rate goes up, 
  this guy is a troll, 
  your knowledge is wrong . 
  cyril and methodius created the glagolitic, 
  sorry , i though your flair as a german flag orz, 
  i think sometimes it depends on education and self awareness ... 
  if you look to see polish phonology explained by polish authors you 'll think that polish is really rigid and never changes , only devoices consonants at the ends of words . 
  which is wrong of course , there 's much more variety and yes people usually do n't notice it , to them it 's their nature . 
  top banter, 
  slavic nations call you niemcy or other variations , meaning the mute ones, 
   / \u026f / in english , short u is the most similar, 
   yep , mostly because our professors have a bad accent though lmao . 
  so we learn it wrong . 
  `` bitch '' is difficult because of that would n't german bietsch and bitsch sound identical to those two words ? 
  that may sound like a strange realization but phonemically it 's just / m\u00e6n\u02c8h\u00e6t.\u0259n /, 
   right , polish has a very rich collection of consonants , but it is poor in vowels . 
  not really ... 
  the 8 vowels have got many allophones, 
   but occasionally the phonetic alphabet does not capture some subtle differences only if your linguists are dumb and deaf ( just like polish linguists , who ca n't accurately describe polish phonology for some reason ) , you can write pretty much everything down with ipa but usually the precision is n't that necessary in your example spanish would be [ \u028e\u032a ] and italian would be [ \u028e\u0339\u02e0 ], 
  which dialect ? 
  vallachia and dobrudzha are in the balkans , transylvania and moldavia are n't, 
  are you dumb or just pretending ? 
  because of the tribe in greater poland called polanie,
