  you 're comment is nothing but whataboutism . 
  just because the state-run tv and radio are propaganda tubes does n't mean the freedom of media has changed in any way . 
  indoctrination at its finest ... 
  poles were also subjects to genocide . 
  but after the war jews were better off with their newly estabilished state , meanwhile poland became a soviet satellite, 
   jews at least have a decent excuse . 
  how so ? 
  rude . 
  i 'm not a troll . 
  it 's just that romanians have really weird way if thinking when it comes to their country, 
  what 's wrong with social welfare ? 
   wtf is the government trying to incentivise . 
  well i do n't think it applies to english or french so it should n't to romanians either, 
  moving goalposts . 
  i said romania . 
  it 's obvious i meant romanian nation . 
  why are you bringing up dacians ? 
  that 's like poles bringing up sarmatians, 
  so why are you saying `` reunification '' if it 's the first one ? 
   transylvania was empty until 1000 years ago ? 
  nope . 
  where did i ever say that ? 
  why are you putting words in my mouth ? 
  and also 1000 years ago the states were n't based on nationality so that 's an irrelevant point, 
  all i see itt is hungarians saying facts ( that transylvania was theirs before ) and romanians saying wishful thinking ( that transylvania should be theirs ), 
  your side of the story is just wrong . 
  it was n't reunification because these lands were never toghether to form romania before, 
   faked bombings unfortunately the bombs were very real . 
  you must mean false flag instead, 
  how exactly are women at a disadvantage right now in europe ? 
   not to defend a religion , but if she was 12 , that was definitely normal back then - so if you have basically any hero from medieval or pre-medieval times , he will probably count as a `` pedophile '' . 
  the average age at marriage in middle ages was in 20s . 
  we 're talking about 2017 . http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/29/which-countries-still-outlaw-apostasy-and-blasphemy/ and no one reads the bible literally, 
  everything is a paradise compared to syria ... but following bosnian example is a bad choice . 
   dayton well that went fantastic bthe first time ... 
   women were always at a disadvantage bullshit . 
  very funny https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_communist_parties_represented_in_european_parliament, 
  pretty much \u044f\u0440\u043e\u043c\u0438\u0440\u044c in ukrainian , i think, 
  i need the european anthem source :d, 
  this sub really hates the english for some reason, 
  but california will never get to vote, 
  yeah . 
  this sub loves to hate on england . 
   quebec in canada and texas in the us you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  quebec has had 2 referendums, 
   ** \u2105 ** care of, 
  all i 'm saying is that whenever you find someone fawning over kitschy turn of the century architecture , you 'll usually find a connection with the far-right ...  oh come on that 's just stupid to say . 
  listen to yourself . 
  soviet union actually got bombed by a totalitarian regime . 
  so obviously ussr was not a totalitarian regime ? 
  you should also mention the wiki user . 
  it 's used by american republicans instead of `` liberal '' because it means something completely different over there and is a dirty dirty word, 
  we know it would have been funnier with rise, 
   ( rightly or wrongly ) rightly, 
  exactly . 
  they would have none . 
  that ukraine :( [ here 's ] ( https://burkonews.info/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/main-terminal-with-name.jpg ) the freshly modernized donetsk airport in 2012, 
   what i was hearing when some voices in the austrian government began advocating for a change to a ` first-past-the-post ' system for parliament elections . 
  we 've got the same thing in poland . 
  kukiz was the biggest advocate of that and he ran as anti-estabilishment . 
  his entire `` party '' is not even that but a collection of people who do n't have a common view aside from the anti-estabilishment one . 
  yeah totalitarian state-capitalist dictatorship with privileged party members sounds exactly like classless moneyless stateless society, 
   neither does communism well , we do n't know that . 
  we never got there . 
  but attempting it in most cases can be dangerous . 
  do you people even know what tusk has done as a president or do you just want to shit on pis ? 
  what if everyone has money to invest ? 
  russians have always been the biggest victims of the russian rule, 
  dude i 'm not saying china is heaven on earth , i 'm not even defending it . 
  i 'm just saying that internal affairs of china never appear in the western media , partially because of a political bias, 
   maybe if they decided to quit acting like a leader and squabbling over islands and instead focus on their own people there would n't be literal slaves in china the issue is overblows anyway and in shows in what you just said . 
  china , like most countries , does plenty to improve livelihood internally , you just never hear about it on the news in america . 
  why ca n't i report my on post ? 
  weird ... 
  banned, 
  i do n't see how that 's progressive, 
  i think you 're colorblind to some extent if you see it that way they 're very distinct . 
  that 's not a contradiction . 
  you can have two kinds of refugees : * the one that does n't want anthing to do with poland and will cross the border first chance it gets * the one that stays in poland for some reason and ( the following applies to whole europe , not only to poland ) will stay in europe forever , even after the syrian war is over it 's clear that he was making a point about refugees moving back to syria , not about them going to richer european countries . 
  that 's not a strawman, 
  what 's the name after germans ? 
  i only know of * franca *, 
   but the poles here repeatedly used fallacies to counter actual lithuanian arguments it 's just me lmao  you can not go around and say that no other countries in the civilized world does not recognize the language of regional minorities . 
  lithuania is not alone there . 
  i never said that, 
  it 's not a thing to be proud about when you 're french ... 
  and this is where the lithuanian way of thinking kicks in ( no offense ) . 
  a native minority should n't have to integrate . 
  you 're saying that you want them to learn lithuanian first . 
  would you be fine with learning russian first under the soviet union ? 
  your reply above does n't even make sense . 
  how do you expect them to learn lithuanian first ? 
  first language is learned under influence of parents and the closest enviroment . 
  i see no problems with them learning lithuanian as a second language as long as it 's learned early enough . 
  do you really want a community of people that has been there for centuries to forget their language in favor of the state one ? 
  it 's a legitimate criticism . 
  stop being so defensive about it . 
  i do n't want to shit on lithuania just for the sake of it . 
  it 's just lithuania is clearly behind the rest of europe in this manner . 
  every other country has rights for its non-immigratory minorities,
