  at least gas is not bad for the enviroment, 
  even then , does linux have more software overall ? 
  not really . 
  there 's a objective advantage of windows : it has the most software . 
  that 's the biggest reason to use it . 
  i agree with you when it comes to a casual user perspective , but it 's different when it comes to ( local ) government, 
  pay ww2 reparations ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ guess, 
   50 000 that 's like 1,5 % of the working age population, 
  i never said the situation is improving . 
  read my comments . 
   you should learn critical thinking rather than rely on everything the government says . 
  i 'm not listening to the government . 
  i 'm listening to what different news sources say . 
  then tell me how our relations changed exactly , aside from a couple leaders being deeply concerned . 
  our relations with most european countries have stayed exactly the same . 
  not sure where you 're getting that info from . 
  just because some unkind remarks are thrown around does n't really mean anything - at least not for country like poland . 
  the most significant changes in recent years were russian sanctions and joining the chinese institutions like the aiib bank . 
  neither of which happened under pis government anyway . 
   donald tusk was a much better leader for poland not by much , maybe used better rhetoric - that 's for sure, 
   this stone is somewhat dark i do n't believe you , it 's most likely from the centuries of air pollution / r/powerwashingporn, 
  that church is pretty dirty, 
  fake . 
  it 's the white bears that roam poland , everyone knows that . 
  no , north of the prut river, 
  i wish polish foreign relations with belarus were based on actual interests and not just morals, 
   same city are one of biggest wine producer in poland since early medieval era the biggest one is probably in podole, 
  how does that have anything to do with your question and my answer ? 
  and what does that even mean ? 
  it does n't, 
  yeah i get the part about employment and labour but do you really want a society that old ? 
  so you want to live in a society where most people are over the retirement age ? 
  really ? 
  it 's absolutely not the same country . 
  next thing you 'll tell me is how macedonia is the same as the ancient one ... 
   they are causing problems socially , its by far the worst backward country in europe , they are causing problems economically , sucking in too much money , i 'd rather send money to spain and greece than to poland right now , they created a migration problem in the uk and a dumping on worker wage in the whole eu , they also cause problem military , they 're always the one pissing off russia , asking for allied troops , creating fake huge training and whatnot , and now asking for nukes ( but then backstabbing its allies on military spending ) . 
   is this bait ? 
   go full polish and instead of \u017e use zs that 's hungarian though and yeah polish would really benefit from having cyrillic , or at the very least a less phonetic script but more phonemic, 
   but making a new alphabet for every single language would n't be very practical that 's what cyrillic alphabets do though and arabic ... and pretty much every script except latin ones, 
   hungarian is an awful mess , yet i never see anyone saying it should use a different script . 
  well . 
  serbian cyrillic is an abomination anyway - it has all those ligature letters but not even a yat ' ( \u0463 ) ? 
  that one letter alone could unite all the dialects and serbocroatian writing system is so simple that it does n't really matter which one you use - they 're 1:1, 
  it 's the same thing but * e changed into softening digraph ie , which at some point changed to io before hard consonants and kept its form elsewhere, 
  because lithuania was considered a land area back then more than anything just like german prussians had little to do with actual prussians , even though many of them were descenants of the baltic peoples . 
   polish was simply lingue franca of commonwealth and under russian empire the catholic church encouraged use of polish language and common identity ( polish ) in a struggle against russians . 
  the change occurred much earlier , it was just a side effect of polish being the language of culture and power . 
  it was before anyone cared about nationality in the modern sense, 
  and most hungarians are hungarised slavs ... many poles are polonized germans ... 
  but all of that happened centuries ago , what 's the point of mentioning it ? 
  modern lithuania is a nation state and they were hypocritical to take vilnius as their own, 
  so a [ huge ] ( https://www.zum.de/whkmla/histatlas/eceurope/gdlithuaniaadm15691772.gif ) multicultural feudal state where socioeconomic position and religgion matters ( and not your nationality ) is the same as [ a much smaller ] ( http://smartraveller.gov.au/maps/lithuania.gif ) nation-state ... do you really believe that ? 
  i 'm not saying it should be illegal lmao, 
   this is as stupid to say as that a child should not grow up in single parent family environment . 
  well they really should n't . 
  so every frog is a pepe now ? 
   biologically heterosexual children is that even a thing, 
  look at belarus and ukraine, 
  i could see it happening but only after scotland goes independent, 
  compound word is a compound word in itself ;p, 
  english has the same thing - they are called compound words the english just put spaces between the components, 
  so that 's why their new supreme court judge is a catholic, 
  china does n't care about european borders . 
  she cares about buying out the less fortunate ones ( farmland in ukraine , ports in greece ) and trading with all of them . 
  i think there 's more money to be made in peacetime for them . 
  but the border was in romanian favour . 
  [ there have been more hungarians left on the romanian side than opposite . 
  ] ( http://www.dvhh.org/history/1900s/tianon/6-trianon_ethnic_map_1920-hun.png ) same thing happened in slovakia . 
  romanians should admit already that the border was set up that way to punish hungary . 
  slovak also has uhorsko - for the crown lands of saint stephen, 
  you must have been blind if you really though belarus was just a loyal russian puppet before, 
  why are you so bitter in your way of words ? 
  your comment would be much better received if not for that, 
   i mean , for fuck 's sake - geert wilder 's party will probably receive the largest share of votes in the netherlands this year and there is a genuine possibility that marine le pen will become the french president . 
  that would be like the bnp winning here , let alone ukip , but there is no chance of that happening . 
  even in countries like denmark and sweden the far-right parties poll at over 20 % . 
   these are not comparable . 
  uk 's voting system encourages strategic voting because of the single member districts, 
  well in europe some people still prefer to greet women in different way than men, 
  you ate the bait, 
  but it 's clear that 's one of the goals . 
  to punish the uk and show an example to the eurosceptics, 
  pis foreign policy barely did anything to be different from the previous government , i do n't know what you 're talking about it 's mostly just words and when it comes to v4 , the group is n't inactive because of the different stances but because it has no powers . 
  it does n't do anything , it never did . 
  the only thing that changed is that it 's occasionally used as a voting block within the eu , and more people talk about it . 
  that 's about it . 
  but their sexuality can be a factor , that 's the thing . 
  one of many but it still matters . 
  i do n't think having children is a right , it should be a privilege . 
  / r/badlinguistics, 
  februar is an older word though, 
  wow who cares, 
  why did you specify that you 're talking about illegals ? 
  why does it matter if they 're legal or not ? 
  does this work differently for legals ? 
  and fyi majority of ukrainians in poland are legal immigrants , so that 's not even relevant, 
  personally i 'm not . 
   polish voters i 'm talking about the general population not dual citizens, 
  this does n't even make sense both greeks and turks have used both names, 
  i do n't want to be a douche like all the gold receivers or to be featured in / r/awardspeechedits because it 's fucking cringe so i 'll thank for the gold in this reply instead please downvote this comment if you see it edit : http://i.imgur.com/musr4ai.png,
