  the same ca n't be said about all those made up post colonial countries in africa . 
  it 's not just pre made food . 
  detergents are known to be more expensive and worse as well . 
  according to serbs it was serbian soil so your point is bad, 
  it was more on french in rwanda, 
  if you read the notes of german officers like guderian , you 'd know that germany was even less prepared for the reaction from the french and english, 
  fun fact : albert speer 's son is called the same and is an architect . 
  he 's working in qatar for the world cup . 
   and were always so are you sure about that ? 
  because the whole thing smells like historical revisionism to me . 
  have you tried looking up any sources in czech ? 
  so what do you call all the mountains along the polish border ? 
  we call them sudety , as they should be called and were always so . 
   that 'd be like destroying the nation-states within eu today , redrawing borders everywhere , getting some half-french half-german `` regions '' for example . 
  absurd . 
  yeah , imagine that happeneing in germany in the 1870s . 
  unimaginable !, 
  romania is a member country of the eu and syria and lybia arent . 
  and both for good resons . 
  sweden yes, 
  if anything , geopolitically speaking czechia is more western european than austria because austria is not in nato . 
  this is what western europeans actually believe, 
  when reading the title , i thought it 's the easiest for them to arrest people at the festival, 
  according to the un crimea is ukrainian, 
  critical of the eu is not being against the eu, 
  i 'd prefer prague for that purpose, 
  everyone has their own idea of a european federation . 
  i 'd like to see the going away from the current nation states , replaced with self determined member states no bigger that 15 million in size, 
   sry get triggered by this . 
  as does every bosnian in / r/europe whenever they hear just the name for some reason i do n't like using foreign language names in other languages . 
  but serb ( ian ) republic is just confusing when you have republic of serbia next door . 
  i guess i can type serb republic in bosnia , that way it 's correct in every way . 
  which one ? 
  why do only uk coutnries and serbian bosnia get separate data out of all sub-national divisions ? 
  why not flanders , wallonia , the states of germany and austria , autonomous communities of spain and serbia , cantons of switzerland or subjects of the russian federation ? 
  you 'd like that , would n't you, 
  like , i do n't know , the european union ? 
  we saved austria 's ass back then which allowed habsburgs to take over hungary . 
  meanwhile we got just podole out of the whole deal . 
  no one wants to destroy distinct cultures . 
  federalization implies that the subjects have relative freedom but in some areas they are unified and act as one . 
   what happened last time when europe was united under one rule ? 
  it collapsed after few centuries , causing the dark ages of europe . 
  what do you mean, 
  but federalization means having autonomy . 
  as for the us , you should blame the american civil war . 
  that was the final thing that made the us into a nation where the federal government became so powerful . 
  let me guess , those are the lyrics to some sabaton song ? 
  you say  ` the left '' is n't some unified hive mind that just wants to wipe out european civilization and replace it with shit while stealing money from rich white men to give it to illegal immigrants . 
  no , that 's just a particularly nasty and hypocritical subset . 
  then you say  they may not be blowing anyone up but some of the things they stand for are very worrying , downright fascist . 
  whether it 's islamofascist , catholifascist or evangelifascist is of no concern to me so you 're in favor of generalizations when they concern opinions you do n't like ? 
  by the same logic i think it 's right to consider kopernik polish , because he even took great part in defending olsztyn from the teutonic order . 
  let 's not forget it 's not like any peasant could get education in the early 1900s ... edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i said overrated not bad . 
  which eu member does the turkstream hurt , exactly ? 
  [ good point ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/908/183/b57.jpg ), 
   poland can rely on friends in the eu in energy field ? 
  well we ca n't rely on germany , jsut look at nordstream 2 . 
  but there was the three seas summit a couple days ago and energy was a topic there ? 
  i hope the eastern eu can push the eu to implement an energetic union . 
  the most overrated king in poland . 
  the austrians should glorify him more than we do , if anything . 
  / r/me _ ira is taking over / r/europe not that i have a problem with that, 
  he 's a weak man 's impression of what a strong man looks like . 
   that `` gospostrateg '' word makes my skin crawl . 
   sounds soviet as fuck, 
   molotov -- ribbentrop pact 2.0 exaggeration much ? 
  assymetrical war from the east and a lack of actions from the west is exactly the same as being attacked openly by two countries in cooperation ?? 
  you could have at least picked sudetenland annexation or anschluss , thought they 're also not directly comparable, 
  maybe because it 's a bit pointless sharing propaganda 500 years after the fact, 
  so khmer regime crimes are not ? 
  it 's not a genocide because it was n't based on race , ethnicity , religion or nationality . 
  instead it was based on social economic belonging of the people . 
  that 's the definition in international law \u00af \\ \\ __ ( \u30c4 ) _ \\ _ / \u00af, 
  what genocides does that rule include ? 
  is there a list ? 
  what does your username mean ? 
  [ basque country when ? 
  ] ( http://www.freeworldmaps.net/europe/spain/basquecountry-map.jpg ), 
  in shakespearan times it was a normal word for polish people . 
  i think it got ruined due to american 19th century xenophobia . 
  actually no - it 's easy to imagine for bulgarian , italians ,, 
  livonia was a german state , the latvian and estonian majority there had no rights and were mostly peasants, 
  well bringing it back from the dead sure helped it remain the same, 
  gypsies ? 
  what i said in above comment is how the public judges them generally , however all that matters in his job is whether he agrees with the cabinet or not man , i wish we had a president that did n't come from one of 2 biggest parties , or one who would be independent, 
  is he called tadas rejtanas in lithuanian ? 
   who is like hundred times more positively perceived in poland than disaster that was before him . 
  all that polish presidents have to do is not to fuck up too bad and present themselves decently , so i would n't judge them by that, 
   pislamists president am i reading onet comments ? 
  because gay marriage is completely irrelevant to international politics, 
  it 's very convinient when it comes to buying cars or electronics , 
  dupa means ass in polish and bogdan is a typical male name , mostly popular with people aged 30 +, 
  now that 's a clickbait . 
   but i did n't bother removing myself from church , because its an enormous pain in the ass to do so . 
   and there 's no point to it , it 's not like in germany . 
  is it related to the word * \u00e1tok ? 
  educate yourself . 
  it was done by the ~ ~ russians ~ ~ soviets .
