  no but birds are, 
   poles are a tricky bunch . 
  they are in the same time very pro european and also very conservative . 
   is that contradictatory or what ? 
  pis is not anti-european , what are you smoking ? 
  i do n't believe that , i 'm just saying a lot can happen in the meanwhile . 
  [ do i have to remind you of another poll that was taken 2 months before the election ? 
   because it 's leaps and bounds worse in poland than in any other country . 
  source ? 
   how can you justify attacking portuguese students because some of them looked `` dark and foreign '' and were assumed to be muslims by the perpetrators ? 
  this was proven to be fake news . 
  over a million work visas were granted to ukrainians, 
  `` party '', 
  in comparison , american superhero comics really seem like satire of american stereotypes, 
  or the flag of warsaw, 
  good thing you 're not in charge of the judiciary system . 
   serbia and croatia quite literally had more than 1300 years of separate history and politics . 
  we did n't even come to the balkans together . 
  they turned towards constantinople , we turned towards rome . 
  we were with versions of austro-hungary for 800 years ( !, 
  ) , they were either independent or conquered by ottomans . 
  well guess what ? 
  germans had the same thing . 
  they were divided into like 100 different countries for hundreds of years . 
  yet they unified despite that and become the strongest country on the continent . 
  well the only change i like from that reform is dropping the redundant final \u044a . 
  the rest should have stayed . 
   from photos i 've seen written bulgarian looked more like russian back then with lots of '' \u044c '' - s sprinkled about . 
   did it really change that much ? 
  i can read 16th century polish and it 's pretty much the same as the current literary language with a few obsolete words, 
  you are uneducated on what trump actually did . 
  read up on it . 
  his tweet is not a piece of legislation . 
  240 years ? 
  america has existed for 150 years longer than that . 
  their history does n't start with independence . 
  why are you typinge like thise ? 
   ca n't have the strongest military when your president tweets to 15,000 service members `` you 're fired '' . 
  that 's dangerous uncertainty in the chain of command that ignores protocol . 
   when did that happen ? 
  are you fucking serious, 
  zurich is in the middle . 
  what system is out there that 's better ? 
  i personally prefer the largest remainder method , i think it 's much more fair . 
  particularly the hare system . 
   and then in 2009 by sainte-lagu\u00eb / schepers . 
  well sainte-lague discriminates against smaller parties even more than d'hondt . 
  only since 2005 ? 
  that 's a very long time for a non-dictator, 
  well said . 
  this happpens in many tourist hotspots , that the tourists ' needs are put above residents ' . 
  / u/ginaginger 's comment sounds naive or ignorant . 
  the d'hondt system is very good , it 's not a problem in the slightest . 
  the problem is that we have a nation-wide threshold of 5 % . 
  pls no anyway \u0448 is a sof \u0445 if that 's better for you, 
   but it 's everywhere in ex-yu names where a \u0447 would be that 's a pretty ignorant view . 
  based on this , you should have c 's instead of \u0447 because that 's how the phoneme evolved in polish : [ see this table ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_bulgarian_language#traits ), 
  \u0413\u0435 and \u0433\u0438 should be written \u0433\u044d and \u0433\u044b in russian anyways . 
  similar thing with polish but polish has more problems with everything being so goddamn phontic , we write \u0107 as soft t etc ,, 
  except you 're wrong because it 's \u0447 that 's the soft \u043a . 
  yeah but it 's not about the sound it makes . 
  it should be compatible with all the other slavic languages , having it otherwise is inconsistent, 
  holy shit his voice is so horrible to listen to, 
   even poland had a leftist party in charge prior to the flood of immigrants  are you insane ? 
  po is center right, 
  they are much better raw, 
  religious cleansing is so much better than ethnic cleansing . 
  til some countries do n't . 
  the area they 're cutting the trees in is not protected . 
  tell me about their policies , and which ones are communist . 
  so he 's a nazi . 
  confirmed, 
   kashinski how can i take what you say seriously if you ca n't even copy and paste his name ? 
   kashinski was not even born in the war , i suppose neither was you , for that you want me ( who was born more than 30 years after the war over ) to pay for you ? 
  ( you get more than you deserve right now if you ask me ... ) that has nothing to do with war reparations . 
   if poles really want to go down that road , bring it on , with regard to your famous military achievements i am confident that in the end danzig will officially be called danzig again ... bravo , responding to a legitimate complaint by joking about another war ... 
  very mature . 
  no , the eu funds are not reparations at all . 
  unless you want to say that eu is just another greater germany project . 
  why is everyone so butthurt about digging into the past ? 
  the reparations have not been paid as they should have , grudges or emotions or `` anti-german sentiment '' have nothing to do with it . 
  and if you bring up the eu funds , then i hope you 're joking . 
  yeah but eu = / = germany, 
  what aboutism . 
   a populist right-wing party . 
  how is pis right wing ? 
  with the exception of having conservative christian social values , they 're not . 
   in the other side , when its below 0\u00bac its considered a coldwave , and if it goes anyplace near -5 \u00bac its probably red alert . 
  does n't portugal have a lot of mountains ? 
  i thought it would be colder up there, 
  but it tastes nothing like coca cola ... 
  kofola is the drink of the gods, 
  croatia and slovakia were puppet states , not allies . 
  i imagine pi\u0142sudski is kaczy\u0144ski 's role model due to the way he achieved power . 
  pi\u0142sudski also ruled poland without holding any official position for a while . 
  impossible . 
  hitler 's ideology would stop him from making slav allies . 
  if another nazi was in charge , i could agree with you though . 
   which is our equivalent to reddit . 
  digg *,
