   correct me if i 'm wrong : in a proportional system , the number of mandates you get is proportional to your result in the whole country . 
  well not exactly . 
  that 's the case when there'a treshold but does n't happen otherwise . 
  country-wide results do n't affect what happens in districts . 
  the end result is just a sum of all the districts combined  hence winning in your district does n't give you necessarily any mandate i do n't know what you exactly mean but as far as i can tell this is completely wrong . 
  where are you coming from with this ? 
  please elaborate . 
   and you can get elected without winning your district . 
  there are no winners of districts in proportional system . 
  that 's not a thing . 
  unless someone gets all the seats , i guess , but this is the first time i 've heard of such concept in this context . 
  you get a seat if you have enough votes for one . 
  that 's how it works . 
  if you got 16 % votes you should get around 16 % seats . 
  the more seats in the district , the more accurate the results . 
   countries like the uk or germany have historically strong and heterogeneous regions and it seems only natural to give regions separate representatives . 
  i do n't understand . 
  what do you mean by separate representatives ? 
  you know there are still voting districts in countries with proportional representative system ? 
   just look at polish 1991 legislative elections - 29 parties !, 
  that was quite an exception to the rule . 
  it was the first free election in like 60 years . 
  no parties were estabilished back then . 
  if we let them , the joke parties would die out naturally and the ones that had something to say would come out on top . 
  i know that 's not the intent but you have to be careful with the wording nontheless . 
  if your nation got one of the worst treatments in wwii and then 80 years later would get blamed for wrongdoings you would be triggered as well, 
  third reich was a german country . 
  how can anyone argue that ? 
  yeah because we know how many independent mps there are in systems like the british one . 
  party lists are not ideal , i agree . 
  but it 's better than anything i can think of . 
  i wonder what results would approval voting for individuals bring in such such scenario . 
  however i suspect that people would just approval-vote for just the politicians of the biggest party just because there would be more of them . 
  i have n't seen a study of that though so i do n't know . 
  if france of today changed into proportional system , it would n't cause too many problems . 
  it 's not only the seat appointment that differs the iv and v republic . 
  you can have a natural tershold by reducing the number of seats in the parliament , or in districts . 
  also i 'd say that these governments are more stable because they accurately represent what people want , and thus the changes between different terms are more organic . 
  here in poland pis got a majority with just 38 % voters . 
  how is that acceptable ? 
  also , having no treshold encourages people to vote because they can vote for a smaller party that more acurately represents them and not just like 5 big populist conglomerates . 
   it means nothing ever gets done . 
   no it means that the government accurately represents what people actually voted for . 
  having 2 round system , where you can choose between two final cnadidates is not ideal , but is fine in presidential elections because only one person can be a president . 
  however there are 577 seats in french parlament and there 's no reason for this . 
  edit : downvotes for opinion , really mature, 
  sounds horrible . 
  whole europe should move to system like in the netherlands - proportional without treshold . 
  edit : after looking into it , i can say that the dutch system is less than ideal due to districless voting . 
  no i 'm not implicating that . 
  how do you say * your day will come * in irish ? 
  soon, 
   we can quit whenever we want . 
  if by quitting you mean quitting life ... 
   proper dubbing was too expensive for a poor market even slovakia has their own dubbing though, 
  we have separation of church and state you know . 
  becuase most of polish actors are stage actors . 
  well you 're talking about legal matters . 
  i 'm talking about loyalty towards the country of residence . 
  well it depends on the * lektor * reading and the audio balance . 
  it can sound decent . 
  most middle age people and older are used to it , the younger generations partly prefer subtitiles . 
   polish is just not a really pleasant language to listen , for someone who is not familiar with the it . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  in poland we have one-person voice over talking over the original actors , or subtitles . 
  almost never dubbing except some kid stuff . 
  to me , you 're only a true national if you root for the national sport team . 
  i hope it 's in polish, 
  group suicide is n't solidarity . 
  why ? 
  do you think it 's staged or something ? 
   austria has a much longer history than germany . 
   nobody 's talking about the post-prussian german state here . 
  is this a troll ? 
  the distinction between german and austrian as it is today was created in late 19th century . 
  austrians are a group amongst the german nation , just like saxons or bavarians , or how syrians and egyptians are different groups amongst arabs . 
  not according to canadians but generally yes, 
  but as a ideology they 're not opposite . 
  how about we do something constructive ? 
  why do you have impression that conservatism is opposite to and incompatible with liberalism ? 
  too much american politics ? 
  there 's always this guy who has to assume linguistic project has to be about russian imperialism, 
   at that time the slavic languages had n't diverged and were mutually understandable false . 
  the split happened a century before . 
   of these 119 seats , 76 ( 64 % ) are required to form a government , why not just 50 % ? 
  64 seems very arbitrary . 
  or are you talking about the current situation , not the legal requirement ? 
  people on reddit are so uneducated when it comes to this . 
  not all xenophobia or predujice is racism . 
  race is about genetic-influenced appearance . 
  disliking or even hating a culture is not racist . 
  ffs . 
  it 's not baseless . 
  prices are rising faster than wages . 
  the guy before said  except ukrainians idolise an organisation who committed what the polish government considers to be genocide against poles . 
  it 's more or less obvious `` ukrainians '' means the government in this context . 
   that rather hints that you believe all the people in a country , should take responsibility for their government 's actions . 
  you pulled that out of thin air mate . 
  stop overthinking stuff . 
  i meant exactly what i said .
