  already sounds nicer when i can relate to the meaning . 
  sometimes fellow slavs borrow words with absolutely no after thought and when we get med\u017cugrje in polish instead of mi\u0119dzyg\u00f3rze and no one has any idea what it means . 
  annoys the hell out of me . 
  excuse the rant . 
   becoming fluent in serbo-croatian as a second language is probably not possible bullshit . 
   me\u0111uvr\u0161je what does that mean ? 
  `` between vrsa '' ? 
  are they similar to ottoman turkish ? 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  he asically told his voters to decide for themselves . 
  look at the scale again . 
  it 's not like they eat the same amount of both in italy . 
  why ? 
  if it did , then the nationalism would have went a different way . 
  the nationalism of poles = citizens of the republic already existed in the end of 18th century . 
  the partitions divided the ethnicities of the republic and they all went their different ways as an effect of that . 
  lithuanians for example wanted to have as little to do with poles as possible . 
  if the country survived , there could possibly be an uniting factor natio-wide that would be more directed against the neighboring countries , not families next door . 
  no , we fully embrace how awfully incompetent the republic was getting in our history lessons , no sugar coating . 
  but there 's still some pride for it , because why not . 
  it sure would be better for us if it survived into the 19th century , that 's what everyone can agree on i think, 
  even militarily it was n't that good ... sure , they won battles but the wars were lost and victories were sometimes harmful , as was in the case of vienna, 
  it 's true . 
  the country was riddled with wars , poor governance and growing oligarchy . 
   all muslims as potential suspects https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law, 
   the only real solution is to start deporting those who have failed to integrate into british society despite many decades of living there . 
   just like czechia did in 1945 ? 
  they would n't . 
  only if scotland broke off illegally . 
  a shitstorm is an opposite of that . 
  where 'd you get the idea ? 
  this started 6 years ago ffs , it 's not an ancient history, 
   i did not france did . 
   for example germany nope . 
  check out bundersat of germany . 
  i agree with everything you said in this comment but the idea of voting blank out of spite is still ridiculous . 
  that 's just childish . 
  so you 'll give up your vote because everyone has to vote ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  a federation , not a unitary state . 
  here 's the reason . 
  yup . 
  there is a common currency but no common fiscal policy . 
  what a joke . 
   i do n't think the difference can be that high anywhere in europe between luxembourg and a gypsy village in the balkans ? 
  i heavily disagree . 
  i do n't see why the system of balance should change if europe became a federation . 
  you have the most meps , what are you complaining about ? 
  the general elections are on different dates in different countries . 
  although this does n't have to be an issue , the meps do n't have to all be elected at the same time . 
   i would vote blank every time , if voting was made mandatory . 
  do you not vote ? 
   or to forcefully increase the voting age to 18 when some countries allow it at 16 obviously i assumed that 18 was the age of suffrage everywhere in europe . 
  but even then , the age of maturity is 18 so it would make sense for it not to be mandatory for the first two years , as well as after retirement age . 
  they could stilll vote , but they should n't be forced to . 
  this is why voting should be mandatory . 
  with clear * none of the above * option on the ballot . 
  and mandatory from the age of 18 to around 70 . 
   the russians actually offered to give back k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad during the reunification negotiations but germany rejected . 
   this is an urban legend . 
  show me a source if you think otherwise . 
  i love this guy . 
  ask the soviets if you have any complaints, 
  flag checks out, 
   everybody he met on his travels was somehow inferior to him , every culture he encountered was worse than his that 's not true though . 
   laughing at negros how so ? 
  he comes off as respectful in his travel documentaries, 
  back to kurahen, 
  poland versus homoempire : how we defend against the terror of the `` progressives '', 
  i love david cerny 's work . 
  the babies crawling up the tv tower are my favorite . 
   if the general consensus in rs was n't that mladic and karadzic are heroes , if they stopped denying war crimes , if they did n't name streets and dormitories after karadzic , if they stopped attacking bosniak returnees and shooting at mosques , then perhaps i would think again about secession , but as things stand it 's simply unacceptable as they deny any crimes were committed and praise the war criminals . 
   good point . 
  majority of the serb population was already there before the genocide , and genocide wa n't the only factor in the population change . 
  that 's what i partially mean by blaming the whole population for genocide , as well a the number of people involved in it . 
  the serb state in bosnia is not based around genocide , it 's based on region with majority population in it being serbs . 
  you seem to think otherwise . 
  the people in charge of the genocide have been appropriately punished for it as far as i know . 
  sounds to me that you think doing anything that benefits the serb republic is supporting genocide . 
  even saying its name out loud . 
  you have to explain what ` being rewarded for genocide ' means to you and why does the bosnian case apply to that, 
  it 's not being rewarded for genocide . 
  you are too close minded to look at it objectively and realize what ridiculous thigs you 're saying . 
  you call it `` rewarding for genocide '' . 
  that 's just a ridiculous term to use . 
  are you blaming all the srebs in bosnia for the genocide ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  that would happen if they did , so what ? 
  sorry to say that but that has been the case for a long time and still is . 
  i probably would . 
  that 's precisely why emotional people should n't be in charge of decision making . 
  you 're being too emotional . 
  sounds like revenge to me . 
  well , is n't that what some serbs were motivated by in the 90s ? 
  the cycle of spite has to stop somewhere , or the balkans will be the laughing stock of europe for a long time . 
  after the war germans and the french managed to build an alliance that still stays strong to this day . 
   you mean like saying ` kosovo is serbia ' while at the same time calling for the secession of ` rs ' ? 
   i never said that . 
  i 'm completely fine with kosovo being independent . 
  but the way it happened , it was n't fully democratic so i have some issues with it .
