  it 's posted by a uder with known agenda, 
  you conviniently forgot to mention what happened 20 years before . 
  germany does n't do this out of kindness , but because of business . 
  yet people will tell you here that poland is getting enough and should treat eu funds as war reparations . 
  and the next day , they 'll tell you how the eu is not another great germany . 
  germany in 1916 had more important things to spend money on than on some poles, 
  also it 's not like everything of the funds goes to prezes kaczy\u0144ski 's pocket . 
  people here love to generalize , and create images of nations as homogenous creatures , where the people have the same opinion as their ruling party . 
   you are aware of that some 10-15 years ago , polish people were considered almost the same as the refugees are today , by polish standards ofc ? 
   absolutely everywhere and no one had anything good to say about them . 
  it has changed today , obviously , but it honestly feels pathetic how nationalistic poland is today knowing how they fucking flooded all countries of europe only some years ago ?!, 
  please tell me you are trolling and you 're not such an idiot as you seem rn . 
  you do n't even realize that people who left poland are not the same ones who stayed, 
  / u/hipokryzja loves all things self-hating, 
  if people can say * america * for the us , they can say * europe * for the eu . 
   like the abortion thing . 
   it was citizen initiative , not a part of pis plans . 
   i mean , what alternative to peaceful protest you propose ? 
  illegal means . 
  that 's how real progress gets done . 
  people have protesting for the last two years , it never stopped the ruling party, 
  he 's just pointing out that one should n't get a philosophy degree and expect great things out of it, 
  how about western bulgaria ? 
  that was sarcastic, 
  kukiz '15 is n't that unified - i would n't be so sure about them supporting pis when it came to it, 
   you are free to build your own slovakian cars and sell them for full price . 
  yeah anyone can go and create his own car company . 
  works for countless of nations . 
  so you admit the * threshold * you 're talking about is n't actually real ? 
  it 's obviously just a side effect of redistributing votes . 
  but it is n't set in place at any solid percentage so it 's not actually a threshold . 
  except it 's never 20 % for 5 seats ... http://icon.cat/util/elections/ownqweinnk i could set up the number so each party gets barely above 5 % and still get the seats but you should get the point now . 
  what ? 
  it ca n't go on like this , greece is fucked if this continues . 
  why are you saying that districts have a different threshold from 5 % ? 
  they do n't , look at this simulation : http://icon.cat/util/elections/qknqdbinoz you must be confused about the d'hondt system because what you are thinking of does n't actually exist but i understand why someone would make that mistake, 
  single party majority for a party with less than 38 % votes . 
  and 16 % of all valid votes went to trash . 
  look at the results of the polish election in 2015 . 
   stop acting like they all share the same values and beliefs . 
  most muslim countries ' populations worldwide support sharia law . 
  i do n't see a relation ? 
  globalization has happened worldwide but only in greece a small village turned into a capital with 40 % population in a span of couple decades . 
  what happened ? 
  were n't athens a small village just 200 years ago ? 
  terminal cancer, 
  because there are protests in poland literally every week , nobody cares anymore the opponents wo n't achieve anything with protests . 
  they need to figure out another way . 
   the 5 % mark , which gets you seats in the parliament . 
  ( if you get 4,99 % , you wo n't have any seats . ), 
  cancer on democracy . 
  this is the most basic linguistic knowledge out there . 
   the logic is `` they came from what is a russian territory now - so they must 've been russians ! '' . 
  first time this logic is what about tsar ivan ? 
  he named himself the caesar of all ruthenias to claim all of the ruthenian land . 
  i 'm not even gon na talk about the third rome . 
   all in all the soviet demands were n't unreasonable . 
  then give bosnia some more coastline, 
  explain the differences between greece , czechia , austria , finland , baltic states . 
  look at their gpd and other economic indicators before and after the cold war . 
  it was soviet leninism that brought one side down , and free market capitalism that allowed the other side to grow . 
  well i have no idea what any person 's * liberal values * actually are because it 's one of the buzzwords thrown around on / r/europe . 
  similar to the terms * european values * and * fascism . 
  their use in video games is not gloryfying them . 
  it 's simply historical revisionism when you have a game set in historical context and all the swastikas are gone . 
  it 's whitewashing . 
  the court ruling is bullshit because video games in your country are treated as toys in some legal sense . 
  there are similarities but you are delusional if you think both of these statements are ture . 
   democracy is in the worst crisis in a hundred years . 
  are you mental ? 
  what happened before and after wwii was far worse . 
  liberal values and diversity have nothing to do with foreign relations . 
  what about replacing swastikas with crosses in video games ? 
  sounds like not only censorship , but also revisionism . 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
   that 's basically it , pis started to talk against mass immigration and suddenly they skyrocketed . 
   that 's bullshit . 
  this had an effect but a very minor one . 
  the people were just tired of all of po 's scandals . 
  not really . 
  it 's the foreign policy that matters . 
  [ this was 2 months before the election ] ( http://karolwrochna.blog.onet.pl/files/2015/02/sonda%c5%bc-prezydencki-cbos-16.02.jpg ), 
  he literally never said that, 
  what is your comment gon na look like if i say : there should be no wars on earth . 
  are you going to crucify me for this in a paragraph long comment ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/sejm_rp_okr%c4%99gi.svg/700px-sejm_rp_okr%c4%99gi.svg.png only 4 voivodeships are undivided . 
  i do n't believe in splitting them up because then each district will have less deputies in it . 
  currently half of our districts have less than 11 mps in them . 
  if you split those up , let 's say in half , then you 'd have less that 6 mps per district . 
  this would guarantee no more than 3 parties getting in those . 
  they 'd become really unrepresentative . 
  it could only work if the largest ones were split , the ones with over 12 deputies . 
  but how exactly do you split warsaw ? 
  overall making them all less representative in such a manner is not a good way . 
  touching the districts at all could open the pandora box . 
  i do n't want the districts to be tinkered with . 
  or a 3.26 % threshold - that 's 15 divided by 460 , with 15 being the minimum for legislative initiative . 
  either that or we could have district-wide instead of nation-wide thresholds . 
  the way it is , it eliminates any regional parties which is really bad for democracy .
