  in the street . 
  in front of all those impressionable children !, 
  i think the british actions in tasmania pre-dated that action . 
  i thought the french one was the most complimentary . 
  and , accurate . 
  but , only the brits could turn whiskey into gold . 
  so much of the spelling and pronunciation comes from french , i 'm amazed that anyone can learn english . 
  ok , now we have to go outside and fight . 
   i freely admit that i find single-malts overwhelming . 
  now , a nice 10 year old bourbon ... 
  i think whisky is the scottish spelling , and whiskey the us . 
  but , its not a hard rule . 
  after goggling around , it appears that whisky is used to denote scotch made in scotland . 
  anyway , why drink scotch ? 
  you guys have some of the best gin i have ever had . 
   genever ( sp ? ), 
  is delicious . 
  for whiskey , i personally prefer bourbon . 
  any port in a storm . 
  thanks . 
  what country ? 
  my family is english , but i live in the us . 
  so , i do n't use the extra letter u , but i do write grey . 
  whiskey vs whisky is not a us thing , but british vs. scottish . 
  in the us we drink whiskey . 
  specialise vs specialize is another one where i tend to use the british form . 
  so there is the irish sun !, 
  i think there is still a fair bit of cooperation going on whenever the politicians stop looking . 
  more than i get  seems that it includes parking tickets . 
  there you go !, 
  my bad . 
  i should make things more clear on an international sub like this . 
  most of you speak such good english that i forget you may not know every joke ever made . 
  true . 
  and now , with the global war on terror , they have finally found a war that never ends . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  sry , its a compliment . 
  old saying : it is n't the size of the dog in the fight , but the size of the fight in the dog . 
  i do n't understand . 
  all the ship names are listed . 
  unless you want one where there is a separate silhouette for each ship ? 
  best i have found was this : http://fr.calameo.com/read/00033187619f879f74b63, 
  sorry , my bad . 
  edited to add french navy infographic . 
  not enormously surprising , as the us is overwhelmingly the dominant world power . 
  it 's like many former soviet bloc countries , where you can almost guess someone 's age by whether they speak russian or english as a second language . 
  english is not an easy language , and i am often impressed by how well it is spoken . 
  i am curious though , about whether these english-as-second-language speakers use british or us spelling . 
  anyone care to educate me ? 
  dominique strauss-kahn ? 
  i was on a swiss train once that broke down . 
  the shame , the shame . 
  and at every level the arguments would prevent anything from being done . 
  irish computer techs british security officers ( with bobbie helmets , please ) german engineers czech weapons officers french communication officer  italian chef and shuttle pilot swiss purser polish damage repair officer spanish morale officer ok , i 've run out of positions . 
  was not upside down . 
  was correct orientation for looking in floor hatches for potato . 
  but , yes , i did notice that . 
  what can i say , canadians are polite , but sometimes a bit careless . 
  gold shirts were command officers . 
  redshirts were engineers and sacrificial security officers . 
  so , ok . 
  did n't you guys used to have a navy ? 
  if you put the brits in charge , next thing you know , they are in your backyard , claiming it for their `` empire . '', 
  hated them so much that ensign pavel chekov was the helmsman . 
  yeah , but the stridently indignant responses from some brits makes it all ok . 
  cccp ? 
  i least i know what a merkin is , you bald-bollocksed anglo . 
  hard to read , but it does have the number and names of each class . 
  here you go : better british one http://i.imgur.com/rmvqjlv.jpg french navy http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-wpa0mlp6laa/vgvdycrtioi/aaaaaaaafi4/aucqnroodms/s1600/french%2bnavy.jpg, 
  i believe the us navy is the 2nd largest air force in the world . 
  but , i could be wrong about that . 
  edit : if i 'm wrong , please correct me , but do n't just downvote . 
  yes , we spend way , way too much fucking money on our military . 
  something something size of the fight in the boat . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  you calling me a goldarn commie ?!, 
  yes , drivers in the northeast of the us do n't really have any rules of the road . 
  but , once you get away from up there , traffic stays right , people use turn signals , and cops let you drive 20-30 kph over the limit , on rural highways . 
  i 've done well over 300 km in less than 2 hours . 
  i doubt you could do that , even on the autobahn ( which i must drive some day . ), 
  ( oh , and that epic run was in an alfa romeo 164s . 
  with a 5 speed . 
   americans could n't speed if their life depended on it . 
  because someone said that . 
  i have personally never exceeded 225 kph on a us highway . 
  used to run alligator alley with the cruise control set on about 200 kph . 
  had to stay in the right lane , as i would be passed a lot . 
  ok , then . 
  what is the highest state speed limit in the us ? 
  that is why we ** do n't ** violate traffic laws ? 
  well , new york occasionally does with all the un diplomats , who are horrible offenders . 
  i have heard the us embassy in london refuses to pay congestion charges , too . 
  who cares if my german car gets 15 mpg , and requires premium fuel ? 
  gasoline is cheap !, 
  i know this will disappoint you and your prejudices , but i , an american , have three cars , only one of which is an automatic . 
  and that one is german . 
  do you know what the speed limit is in the us , i wonder ? 
  the lowest number of violations per vehicle . 
  you 're welcome . 
  scotland , wales , and northern ireland ?
