  no , no interest in this any more . 
  all i needed to say has already been said in the thread . 
  and , frankly , you are rude . 
  it is your country 's choice . 
  if you do n't think 2 % of gdp on defense is reasonable . 
  or , just be a nato freeloader . 
  if you do n't want your country to spend that much , i can understand that . 
  but , the agreement and commitment was to spend 2 % of gdp . 
  countries that are not doing that are freeloading . 
  i think the eu should have its own military . 
  i think that would be good for the eu . 
  do n't get me started on that !, 
   we traded our jobs for cheap manufacured goods . 
  no , sorry . 
  you asserted expertise , while not knowing a fundamental concept . 
  nato countries agreed to a 2 % of gdp defense spending . 
  any country that is not abiding by that agreement is freeloading . 
  frankly , it is very clear that the us ( and some allies ) and the rest of nato have diverged greatly in the importance of the treaty . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  it is your country , and your decision . 
  if you do not feel that your defense justifies a 2 % gdp spending , then you probably should not be in a treaty organisation that has agreed on that level . 
  not that it is relevant to your decision , but i think nato is bad for the eu , in that it prevents the further integration of the eu . 
   the us currency is n't used by north korea because they love you obviously , lol no , its because they are probably [ the largest counterfeiters of us currency . 
  ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2016/07/whats-behind-north-koreas-recent-counterfeiting/ ) the us is a struggle between what powerful interests want , and what people want , and i think you do understand that . 
  so , when you hear people talk about wanting the government to take actions that are not supported by a majority of the country , you have to see all of those as part of a larger conversation about what type of governent do we want : individual right 's based , or something more authoritarian . 
  a lot of the furor over the second amendment is just that . 
  even people who do not own guns support the individual right . 
  it is part of our law , and should not be overturned at the request of a vocal minority . 
  so , when gallup asked :  do you think there should or should not be a law that would ban the possession of handguns , except by the police and other authorized persons ? 
  76 % of the country says , `` no . '', 
  ( as of october , 2016 ) even though only about 40 % actually admit to owning a gun . 
  so , who wants the us to keep giving weapons away to nato members ? 
  the defense industry and some nato members . 
  yes , we have a large trade deficit . 
  more importantly , offshoring of jobs in high profile industries has deeply concerned a lot of the country . 
  its a bad thing when what the government and its allies want , and what the people want , diverge so strongly . 
  and that is how we got president trump . 
  you know , that 's sort of funny . 
  i was born in europe , lived there for years , still have immediate family in the uk i visit regularly , read at least 2 british papers daily ( plus the economist ) . 
  but , i would never assume to lecture a european on what europeans feel . 
  our media does not reflect us as a country . 
  the recent election should have demonstrated that to everyone . 
  suffice to say , the world is changing . 
  the us is moving closer to energy independance , and oil was the primary driver for its worldwide reach ( after the fall of the soviet union , of course . ), 
  i do n't know if you are aware how much sentiment in the us there is to bring most of the troops home . 
  from the right and the left . 
   i know more about it than you . 
  the person who does n't know what logistics is ? 
  thank you . 
  needed the laugh . 
  still saying it is 2000 km from france to libya , hm ? 
  no , most sorties were [ north of tripoli ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/world/middle_east/11/libya_airstrikes/img/libya_airstrikes_976map.gif ) ( see what i did there ? 
  its called looking it up . ), 
  that is a very , very fair question . 
  when did nato become the military arm of the un ? 
  the `` gun industry '' is not the same as the defense industry . 
  nato provides very little benefit to the us , and costs us a huge amount of money . 
   nato is a way for usa to keep its sphere of influence . 
  no , i disagree 100 % . 
  what `` sphere of influence ? '', 
  but , i do agree that the us military defense industry loves nato . 
  which , by the way , is different from what is called the `` gun lobby . '', 
  which is the civilian firearms market . 
  i apologise , you are absolutely correct abotu the portugal join date . 
  i wrongly assumed the years under estado novo were not part of nato . 
   the first nato secretary general , lord ismay , stated in 1949 that the organization 's goal was `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down . 
   i 'm not even sure what you mean by that . 
  lol that sort of says a lot , in itself . 
  the euroepan armies do not do anywhere near the training that the us does , because of limited budgets . 
  i am saying there is no european military alliance . 
  there is only nato . 
  no , you can check unit readiness numbers and compare the maintenence levels . 
  the distance from tripoli to marseille is [ actually 1300 km ] ( https://www.distancecalculator.net/from-tripoli-to-marseille ) . 
  but , please , tell me more about how to look at a map . 
  and , you know nothing about the balkan wars of the 1990 's . 
  so , you might want to actually learn a bit about the topic before opining , and insulting people . 
  umm , not not really . 
  the us interest was lack of desire to come back to europe for a third time in the 20th century . 
  but , portugal was a later member of nato , and has a differnt history . 
  if france can not mount air operations across the med , how could they ever do so across the continent ? 
  1949 until around 1991 . 
  unless you think the soviet union had no interest in europe ? 
  but , what country are you in ? 
  no , they really , really do n't . 
  no force projection , limited logistics , limited training , no co-ordiantion outside nato , what material they have is under-maintained . 
  best military in the eu is france . 
  and we are all aware of the challenges the french have , even in something as simple as bombing libya . 
  the debacle in the balkans in the 90 's showed exactly how effective eu militaries are . 
  do you have any arguments for why my government should spend my money on nato , to protect you ? 
  do you want to get rid of nato ? 
  because , that 's how you get rid of nato . 
  well , they do n't legally , but one can still argue that they are not keeping their end of the bargain . 
  the term is `` freeloading . '', 
  depends on the american accent . 
  in the northeast ( eg new york , boston ) , the t 's sound like d 's . 
  i do n't pronounce it that way . 
  it is easiest to hear in the word water . 
  in some parts of the us its wadder , and in others you hear the t in the middle . 
  so , when i say water , you hear the t as a t. 
  well , depends on where in the us you are .
