  i love the old art deco cars ( and [ pickup trucks ] ( http://images.classiccars.com/classifieds/169292_11032354_1938_chevrolet_12-ton%2bpickup.jpg ) ) , but not really a fan of the 50s-60 's cars . 
  no , as to the photo , i was just asking about the looks . 
  probably did not get the accent from my english . 
  supposedly i spoke italian before i spoke english , and my mother 's family are english . 
  my step-mom jokes that she would have me translate for her . 
  well , i 'm not . 
  although i could not go back until i was older than 35 , or i would have had to do national service . 
  one funny thing . 
  i sat in on an italian class in uni , just to learn how much i had forgotten . 
  i was terrible , but the teacher did comment afterwards on my roman accent . 
  ( pretty sure i got the tense wrong . ), 
  you have [ excellent taste ] ( http://carphotos.cardomain.com/ride_images/3/127/1321/25315660015_large.jpg ) . 
  do n't worry , shakespeare is actually very difficult to read . 
  english changes so fast . 
  if you can communicate , then that is the purpose of language . 
  i would rather speak 5 languages poorly , then only 1 well . 
  yay , i accomplished something today !, 
  yes , if you had not said anything ( or had flair ) i would not have thought you were not a native english speaker . 
  hmm , wonder what a transylvanian accent sounds like ... . 
  i have , what i feel , is a perfectly normal aversion to turbos and 12 cylinder engines . 
  i did own a twin turbo alfa once . 
  scared the living hell out of me . 
  has your joke been cleared by the national humour sensitivity council ? 
  my buddy voldemort has no nose , and i think your joke might make him worry about his self-image . 
  stop face-shaming . 
  but , but , he 's a communist !, 
  yes , they also sent a police-dog to arrest the pug . 
  little column a , little column b. 
  is your malamute , by any chance , jewish ? 
  i did nazi that coming . 
  why do i think the cop looks canadian ? 
  found the islamaphobe !!, 
  and you know what that makes you ? 
  a climate denier !!, 
  https://mitgsl.mit.edu/news-events/islamophobia-accelerating-global-warming , 
  i had to shake my head . 
  it seems bad taste is now a crime . 
  because , now that the dog is a nazi , he 'll have to be put down . 
  ffs !, 
  / u/verylateish and / u/hrab , your english is excellent !, 
  the point is to communicate , and you both do that well . 
  ( in a non-native language for you both . 
  damnit , i can barely speak english . ), 
  if i had to drive in the city all the time , i would have an automatic . 
  but , outside the gridlock , i prefer a manual . 
  i have 3 old cars . 
  german one is auto , alfa and jeep are stick . 
  a foot operated parking brake . 
  had you never seen one before , really ? 
  < looks it up  huh , i guess it really is a weird thing in the uk . 
  looks like only some volvos and a mercedes c class have them . 
  that is n't a bug , its a feature . 
   i have to admit , the new automatics are more efficient than an old stick , but i still prefer to row my own gears . 
  well , that took longer than i thought . 
  there have been 3 ford gts . 
  the middle one was a 5 litre supercharged engine . 
  the new one is a 3.5 liter twin turbo ecoboost . 
  so , 4 points to hellstrike . 
  that is more than my old 2 litre alfa spider . 
  `` stupid flappy paddle gearbox . '', 
  that is surprisingly true . 
  even more so in the city cycle . 
  can confirm , is german . 
  i have a 15 year old german sedan . 
  my car is far more competent than i. 
  ( supposedly , if i took off the speed limiter , i could hit about 280 kph ) danke schon . 
  oddly , almost all the european cars in the us are very high horsepower models . 
  always takes me a week or so to adjust to switching sides of the car . 
  i just keep muttering `` butt on center line . '', 
  while i am driving . 
  good question . 
  making me think . 
  trump has an image of himself as the best deal-maker on earth . 
  i truly think that his narcissism as a deal-maker would prevent him from just doing things by executive order ( * a la * bush and obama ) . 
  if you look carefully at what his supporters latch onto ( more useful than looking at what he says , which is everything ) it is far more about enforcing existing laws , nascent isolationism , and rejection of pc culture . 
  ( at least , that 's what they tell me . ), 
  i do n't think trump would be very effective as a legislator , as he will have not only a hostile democratic party , but a hostile republican party . 
  maybe he can make deals that bring both to the table , maybe he ca n't . 
  but , i suspect that trying to govern by executive order would be a personal admission that he could not cut a deal . 
  and i do n't think his ego could handle that . 
   plenty of right-wing evangelicals believe in a de facto large government through social conservatism . 
  no , they do n't . 
  unfortunately , i am sure that i have more contact with highly religious people than you do . 
  what they want is the government to leave them alone to live out whatever their religion dictates . 
  i can only assume the risk of fraud by a representative for dc is just too large . 
  well , no . 
  i disagree . 
  the far right in europe , for instance , is fascist ( authoritarian large government ) . 
  the far right in the us , conversely , is libertarian ( small government ) . 
  in europe , liberal refers to the right . 
  in the us , liberal refers to the left . 
  no , you keep forgetting that europe is not the world , and that european social constructs are not universal . 
  well , i suspect that every political movement was originally anti-establishment . 
  but , the right-wing twisting of socialism into fascism just is n't part of us history . 
  our right wing is more about putting limits on government , not expanding it . 
  ( actually , in the us , that is one of the traditional tenets of the republican party . 
  it is only recently that the republicans have embraced big government . ), 
  i 'm not enormously worried about trump . 
  obama struggled with a hostile republican party . 
  a pres.
