  but in boston ? 
  yes , they do . 
  i , though , pronounce the t 's as t 's . 
  i have more southern us in my accent . 
  it is easiest to hear in people who say water , vs wadder . 
  st. paddy 's day patty is a girl 's name ( patricia ), 
  sensitive and caring , even . 
  they are a great band . 
  seen them twice . 
  pogues , or gtfo . 
  now , the best irish-american tune ? 
  [ this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7ivah1jaue ), 
  thank you , that makes sense . 
  i 'm a nazi ? 
  ok , i guess that says it all . 
  sure , i 'll take that bet all day long . 
   `` the exclusion of aliens is a fundamental act of sovereignty ... inherent in the executive power , '' the supreme court said in 1950 . 
  and lest there be doubt , congress adopted a provision in 1952 saying the president `` may by proclamation and for such period as he shall deem necessary , suspend the entry of all aliens and any class of aliens as immigrants or non-immigrants '' whenever he thinks it `` would be detrimental to the interests of the united states . ''  it does n't even specify that the people commiting the crimes have to be sentenced in order to be put on the list . 
  pretty sure you are wrong . 
  but , as i said , i do not agree with that policy , at all . 
   everyone in the us is technically an immigrant dude , wtf . . no , they are not . 
  anyone born in the us is a natural born citizen . 
  though , i am an immigrant , technically . 
   that also does n't absolve you of being an asshole . 
  if you ca n't have this discussion without resorting to insult , maybe you need to refrain from discussing it . 
  have i shown you any disrespect ? 
   i will repeat , read the judge 's reasoning . 
  i did . 
  and it will be overturned . 
  it is not a muslim ban . 
  it does not address most muslims in the world , and it does not allow non-muslims formt he named countries . 
  if you have access to classfied reports as to arrests and activities , you probably should not be talking about it in public . 
  but , suffice it to say , it was the obama state department that named these specific countries as the greatest risk for terrorism . 
  taking freely available public records , and presetning s usbset of the data , by demographics ? 
  no , there is nothing illegal about that . 
  i am an immigrant , technically , btw . 
  will be overturned , as you can not say that trump using a list of most dangerous countries supplied by the obama administration is evidence of religious discrimination . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  well , that is rather sucky , but as all judicial decisions are public record , all that does is put them in one place . 
  yeah , i do n't like it . 
  oh , it is n't a muslim ban . 
  why ? 
  are non-muslims from those countries allowed to enter ? 
  are there any bans in place on any of the 205 million muslims in indonesia ? 
  the 178 million in pakistan ? 
  india ? 
  yes , islamic terrorism is a problem . 
  and yes , islamic terrorism typically occurs in predominantly muslim countries . 
  but , not all muslim countries suffer that problem . 
  only the ones the have the worst islamic terrorism problems are on the list . 
  which is why the us still deals in bilateral agreements with many european countries . 
  okl , i see that , thank you . 
  how about the part further south , around the parc naturel r\u00e9gional du morvan ? 
  can you point me to the bill or order that would ban muslims ? 
  can you point me to the proposal for a weekly list of immigrant crimes ? 
  trump is way , way more europe friendly than obama was . 
  and , you did n't even give him a nobel prize . 
  does the us have a muslim ban ? 
  has one been proposed ? 
  does the us have a weekly list of crimes by immigrants ? 
  has one been proposed ? 
   that would be akin to only trading with a particular state in the us no , not really . 
  do the individual eu countries have their own foreign secretaries ? 
  do they have their own tax structures ? 
  the eu is not a single country . 
   she said estimates range between 160,000-250 ,000 jews who escaped and sought help from fellow poles . 
  she said only about 10-20 percent of those survived , with the rest rejected , informed upon or killed by the rural poles themselves . 
  truly stunning , and better in person , even . 
  why is eastern france so empty ? 
  serious question , btw . 
  no , i am pointing out that even the article admits it is n't much money . 
  amusingly , if you read the article , they admit that it is n't very much money , and the amount this year is less than last year . 
  you just have to compare median to mean . 
  but , yes , there are a few very , very rich people in the us that skew the numbers . 
  um , this part of nato does not want a post cold war conflict , thank you . 
  switzerland , australia , us , uk , belgium . 
  well , thank you for the beginning of a conversation , anyway . 
  ok , i give you one . 
  out of how many ? 
  well , i think you massively oversimplify the mental health issues that lead to such high suicide rates among middle aged men . 
  yes , men are affected by domestic violence . 
  deary , ian j. ; irwing , paul ; der , geoff ; bates , timothy c. ( 2007 ) . 
  `` brother -- sister differences in the g factor in intelligence : analysis of full , opposite-sex siblings from the nlsy1979 '' . 
  wai , jonathan ; cacchio , megan ; putallaz , martha ; makel , matthew c. ( 2010 ) . 
  `` sex differences in the right tail of cognitive abilities : a 30year examination '' . 
  or , just read [ this quartz article ] ( https://qz.com/441905/men-are-both-dumber-and-smarter-than-women/ )  according to josh aronson , a professor of applied psychology at nyu . 
  `` yes , the pattern that i see most often in the iq literature , and the one that accords with my experience of nearly 40 years being near universities , is that you find more men at the extremes of performance , more among the mind-blowingly brilliant handful that you meet in a lifetime , and also more among the truly intellectually challenged handful . 
  within the extreme tails of the distribution , however , performance is generally equal between the sexes . 
  but yes , men seem to have an edge at the extreme right end of of the bell curve . '' the list you gave me , which i did go through , was all groups who wanted men to be more like women . 
  i do n't call that addressing mens ' issues . 
  i would be more interested in increasing the number of men in teaching , addressing the huge inequities of college attendance , etc. 
   why do men feel they need to be `` providers '' in the first place ? 
  that 's entirely cultural , aka : related to how they 're raised . 
  well , yes , but that does not make it any less real . 
  kids got to eat , you know ? 
   do you think women are less intelligent than men ? 
  if not , why are there fewer women in stem fields ? 
  i think men are more represented at the extremes of the intelligence scale , more stupid men , and more genius men . 
  because few women exhibit the type of almost obsessive and isolated behaviour that male kids get around their early teens regarding whatever interests them .
