  uk person listens only to uk music ? 
  i am shocked . 
  shocked , i say !, 
  lol i think you won that round . 
  in the 2011 census , greater london comprised about 8.1 million people , or approximately 13 % of the population of the uk . 
  i love things like this , thank you . 
  in case anyone cares , in rtp , nc ( university and research area ) i pay about $ 1,050 for 850 sq. 
  ft per month . 
  or 895 euro for 79 sq m. so , 11.32 . 
  or , about the same as bonn . 
  um , sort of . 
  but , as every other system we have seen just has the wanes , this sucks slightly less . 
  i think there is a very strong chance that the world is entering another recession , no matter what happens . 
  um , yes , i am an outsider . 
  but , there are a lot of european countries that are known for their arrogance . 
  your post sort of displays it , too . 
  just sayin ', 
  that 's how i learned it . 
  they are just talking prejudice . 
  did i say the us did n't have a race problem ? 
  < checks  no , i did n't . 
  i assume you intended this reply for someone else . 
  is that like reverse polish notation in mathematics ? 
  no , calling all jews or poles lazy is prejudice , but not racism . 
  at least in the us . 
  but , for all that we constantly talk about racism , we do n't really have that much . 
  its the very loud people who are claiming victimhood . 
  if you want a laugh , read what the differ groups say about each other . 
  who is the bigger victim ? 
  white women , black men , or gay white men ? 
  the vast , vast majority of the country does n't give a shit . 
  i work in a very racially diverse group , and we all laugh at this shit . 
  ( throwing bananas on the field and chanting monkey noises ? 
  try that at a us football game , and ** everyone ** around you will smack you upside the head . ), 
  tl : dr racism is one type of prejudice . 
  yeah , i 'm going to back out of this intra-european discussion , and just say that anti-polish sentiment is not racism , but it is prejudice . 
  mmmm , i have never heard it that way . 
  i have always considered racism to be a specific type of prejudice , based on race . 
  maybe your country just uses the words racism and prejudice interchangeably ? 
  oh , i do n't care about that . 
  i was saying that anti-polish feelings are not racist , but prejudiced . 
  what are the `` distinct physical characteristics '' that differentiate poles and english ? 
  no , the english are not racially prejudiced in their view towards poles . 
  just normal prejudiced . 
  no , you can not . 
  you need to look up some definitions . 
  start with the definitions of race , and racism . 
  no , they are not . 
  they are nationalities . 
  i said english and polish are not ethnicities , ergo can not br racism, 
  english and polish are not ( edit : races ) , ergo can not be racism . 
  as i said , racism is a specific type of prejudice ( based on race ) . 
  being anti-polish is prejudiced , but not racist . 
  the proper word is prejudice . 
  i 'm a usian . 
  we are the acknowledged experts at this . 
  racism is a type of prejudice . 
  i think that what we are talking about here is anti-polish prejudice in the uk . 
  but , do you understand the confusion ? 
  on top of that , if you ask a scot if they are british , 66 % will say no . 
  if you ask someone from northern ireland if they are british , a slight majority say no . 
  so , there does not really seem to be a definition for who is british , and there does not seem to be a word for someone from the uk . 
  getting back to the original point , i have been `` corrected '' so many times by people with identity issues from the uk , that i have simply given up . 
  i just use ukian . 
  so , citizens of the uk in northern ireland are not british ? 
  and there is no word for citizens of the uk ? 
  so , irish and northern irish are both irish ? 
  does that get confusing ? 
  do [ scottish people ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/who-do-we-think-we-are-scottish-and-not-british-1-3113520 ) call themsleves british ? 
  is there really no word for a citizen of the united kingdom ? 
  is it the only country that does n't have a collective term ? 
  i know . 
  i just got tired of there being no rules as to when to call someone english , british , whatever-you-call-citizens-of-the-uk-who-aren ` t-british , and european . 
  seriously though . 
  if british refers to the british isles , does that make the irish , british ? 
  and , if it refer to great britain , does that mean the northern irish are not british ? 
  if so , what is the collective term for citizens of the uk ? 
   also , lot 's of ukians seem to get angry when referred to as european . 
  double negative . 
  please stop . 
  well , i guess its just something i 'll never understand . 
  i read a couple of british papers each day ( guaridan , telegraph , and independent ) and they are almost completely full of us stories . 
  and such a weird view of the us , on top of that . 
  and my mum was english , i lived in leeds , and my brother lives in the grid near wimbledon . 
  i just do n't get it, 
  hey , i have no argument with that at all . 
  i think you should be you , and stop obsessing about us . 
  what is the carbon footprint of all those unnecessary `` u `` s ? 
  6 words . 
  ( you making us look bad . 
  uk is a european country, 
  there is no ban on the confederate flag . 
  its just really rude . 
  ( we do n't have the concept of `` hate speech . '' ), 
  i personally do n't think we have , or should have , any control over who people fall in love with . 
   the commitment to free speech is one of the things i like best about the us . 
  dihydrogen monoxide : is also known as hydroxyl acid , and is the major component of acid rain . 
  contributes to the `` greenhouse effect '' . 
  may cause severe burns . 
  contributes to the erosion of our natural landscape .
