  well , if you include the entire smsa ( standard metropolitan statistical area ) , it is about 22 million . 
  that is an area of about 6,720 sq mi ( 17,405 km2 ) , including parts of new jersey , pennsylvania , and connecticut . 
  works out to about 6.5 % of the us population . 
  again , for contrast , the london smsa accounts for about 22 % of the population of the uk . 
  that is true . 
  if you want , we could look at the percentage that live in the biggest city ? 
  new york city - 8.4 million - or 2.6 %, 
  huh . 
  15 % of brits live in london ? 
  just for contrast , the number for the us would be 0.2 % . 
  yes , i think it is the prudent path . 
  sa is no longer part of the gps satellite 's capabilities . 
  but , i completely agree with your post . 
  i can not imagine why . 
  how does that work , exactly ? 
  is there a minimum number of runners required ? 
  if someone runs from spain to norway , would that be for dis-unity ? 
  well , new gps system has no selective availibility . 
  galileo is only slightly better than gps at high latitudes ( glonass is much better ) . 
   more i 'm interested in the better northern latitude coverage , given my location here in winter wonderland up north . 
  you need a phone with glonass support , then . 
  better coverage at high latitudes . 
  gps satellites orbit from +55 degrees to -55 degrees . 
  ( galileo is + / - 56 degrees ) . 
  glonass is + / - 76 degrees . 
  hang on a second . 
  yeah , the first time we were n't invited . 
  but , dolf invited us the second time , and the un invited us the third time . 
  do we really still need an invite , at this point ? 
  edit : yes , we know to take off our shoes now . 
  did soemone say they have oil ? 
  i think we need to free it . 
  well , they were correct . 
  ca n't argue that . 
  well , for me at least , experience . 
  once i learned how to do it , i could brew excellent beer tailored to my tastes . 
  you know , beer existed before the huge companies with their laboratories ? 
  is that anything like a hectolitre , or is this some new measurement system ? 
  lol i ` ma let you finnish, 
  i like you . 
  you 're funny . 
  i was born in rome . 
  does that make you sad ? 
  how i am claiming to be a victim ? 
  well , nevermind , do n't care . 
  i am not a victim , and you did completely misunderstand what i said . 
  american ( us and canadian ) english sounds more like 17th century english . 
  in the 18th century , some upper class speech patterns in the uk moved into general usage , and caused a divergence from that . 
  `` bbc english '' sounds very proper to an american ear , but part of that is the careful enunciation . 
  more working class accents can approach incomprehensibility for an american . 
  the quebecois are much more accepting of my poor schoolboy french than parisians , but outside the city they manage to understand me . 
   i have heard that the french can be very rude about the `` provincial '' accent of canadian french . 
  no , you just misunderstood what i was saying . 
  the joke about feeling exceptional was that i travel to a foreign country , where they speak a language other than english , and see a huge sign in english . 
  but , i will make a note , and if i ever have the pleasure of visiting helsinki , you can buy me a beer . 
  and then we can watch some rally together . 
  thank you . 
  but , would a castillian ( or other spanish ) say barthelona ? 
  does the lisp sound odd to spanish speakers other than castillians ? 
  so , in england , maybe 300 years ago , members of court would force a lisp so they would sound very refined and upper class . 
  but , these days it just sounds like a speech impediment . 
  ( sort of similar to the rhotic shift . ), 
  barthelona ? 
  given how different accents in english sound good or bad , or stupid or whatever , i find those sorts of interpretations of accents in other languages fascinating . 
  for instance , had a cab drive tell me that egyptian arabic sounded `` proper , '' because they created so much of the tv shows and movies . 
  yeah , not what i said . 
  but , good try . 
  ok , i can not argue that . 
   question : can hispanics from the americas distinguish a catalonian accent from a spanish/castillian one ? 
  i know castillian has the lisp , is that also in the catalonian accent ? 
  fair enough . 
  it just surprises me . 
  i find it odd when i see huge signs in english in non-english speaking countries . 
  it makes me feel , i do n't know , exceptional ? 
  well , every country loses planes in learning carrier operations . 
  2 in three weeks seems high , but i am sure that the military wanted more time to train , and putin needed the carrier operating for political reasons . 
  at least the pilots ejected safely . 
  i can not figure out your point . 
  is us success in it due to `` poor '' labor laws ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you can not simaltaneously say that the us has an advatage in it because of poor labor laws , and that us it workers have flexibility and can negotiate salaries . 
  you are wrong , either way , in fact . 
  us tech companies have been offshoring work to other countries for years . 
  nah , it ca n't be overall violent crime rate , as the us is n't really that high . 
  obviously , homicide rate is part of it , but access to guns might also be part . 
  they do n't actually publish the methodology ( at least i could not find it ) . 
  the site is very , very pro-uk , and commonwealth . 
  turkish coffee is like a weaker cuban coffee . 
  you would have to actualyl look to find some thing that nasty . 
  i 'm sure we have it , but i have never seen it . 
  a burger with fried chicken on it ? 
  brrr !, 
  nope . 
  other then a drop in tourism to france , no one really cared that much . 
  if you had been in alabama , maybe , but not manhattan . 
  they may have just thought you were canadian . 
   conversely , i was in paris that summer , and found the local store owners more accepting of my poor french than usual . 
  well , not the whole country . 
  just congress . 
  who are notoriously stupid .
