  have you ** seen ** our politicians ? 
  and you give americans shit about their food ? 
  `` pizzaburger topped with fried chicken breast and cheese . '', 
  i understand what you are saying , but trade does not effect all countries , or all companies , equally . 
  they buy more from you then they sell . 
  if neither can find alternative markets , their benefit from not sending all that money to the eu outweighs the lesser cost of lost revenue from selling stuff to the eu . 
  i am simplifying enormously , of course . 
  that is n't what we are discussing, 
  pronounced : chumley , sin-jin , and fenshaw . 
  technically ? 
  they can listen on your phone calls , but not those of us citizens . 
  technically , they ask the british to do that . 
  and one aging socialite . 
  yeah , it actually does n't work like that . 
  what you would end up with is some companies being better off , as goods sourced from the uk have to have an alternative supplier , and other companies doing poorly , as goods they sold to the uk need to find another buyer . 
  but , over all it comes down to how much more would the uk have to pay to replace suppliers , vs how much the eu would have to pay to attract new customers . 
  uk imports about a quarter of its food from the eu , true . 
  but , if that was cut off , i am sure that canada and the us could easily make up the shortfall . 
  the uk 's primary exports are services , which is very difficult to quantify ( how much is export vs uk nationals aborad ) . 
  they never really did like us . 
  we supported the military junta because it was anti-communist . 
  there was a huge amount of communist support in greece in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  ok , in all fairness i did live in the uk . 
   but , nothing can compare to some of the family names : cholmondely , st. john , featherstone-haugh . 
  i love those . 
  no , you do n't . 
  because individual companies in the eu are not 8x the size of companies in the uk . 
  yes , the eu sells more to the uk than the uk sells to the eu . 
  so , if all trade between them stopped , it would cause more harm to the eu than the uk . 
  this is just basic macro-economics . 
  without looking it up , i would say `` les-ter '' and `` burn-muth '' lots of native american names on the east coast , too . 
  ( eg massachusets , connecticut , manhattan ) new orleans was founded by french huguenots , after being kicked out of canada . 
  so , you did n't understand why it would be worse for the eu than the uk ? 
  that 's ok . 
  admitting you do n't know something is the first step to enlightenment . 
  yeah , not really true . 
  well , los angeles-rhymes-with-cheese is mostly the brits . 
  and , much like making maps , pronounciation of foreign words is not something they are known for being good at . 
  eu sells more to uk than vice versa . 
  well , the `` new '' versions do n't really bother me . 
  but , the overuse of paris is a touch over the top . 
  i did not know there was a paris in denmark , though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_ ( disambiguation ) ( oh , and los angeles more properly rhymes with `` miss '' but you are certainly within acceptable parameters . ), 
  not sure why . 
  there is a worcester in massachusets that is pronounced the same way ( woo-ster ) . 
  http://www.worcestermass.com/pronounce/worcestercounty.shtml its not like gowmanchester . 
  ( seriously ? 
  all of the names in the 13 original colonies were put in place by europeans . 
  but , i will admit that ones after the united states do show a lack of imagination . 
   i do n't suppose you would accept that they are an homage ? 
  it amazes me how many people pronounce los angeles to rhyme with cheese . 
  nah ... it 's in arkansas . 
  wow . 
  amazingly , you would be completely wrong about that . 
  most us place names are derived from native american languages , but they did n't have many established cities . 
  the funny thing is , it was the europeans who gave european names to places , and now its europeans complaining about those names . 
  no , it just confuses easily butt-hurt europeans . 
  who also complain when faced with place names they can not pronounce , like monongahela , withlacoochee , or los angeles . 
  i may only be a stupid american , but that flag next to / u/karmantsien 's name looks french . 
  what you do n't understand us that most americans do n't want our country to dominate the world . 
  most people in the us have no desire for an empire . 
  in fact , there has always been a strong isolationist streak . 
  it is really only since ww2 that the us has been dragged into being the world 's policeman . 
  global trade has led to a lot of money for those at the top , but has hurt just about everyone else in the us . 
  and , the us has managed to [ reduce ghg emissions ] ( https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/styles/large/public/2016-05/sources-lulucf.png ) more than most countries , without even trying . 
  no , that just wo n't happen . 
  sorry , but it just wo n't . 
  you are confusing different issues . 
  unless mexico also wants to start a trade war with the us ( hint : they do n't . ), 
  they will not follow the proposed tariffs . 
  no , china absolutely can not afford to endanger the $ 480 billion dollars of exports to the us . 
  their biggest fear is large-scale unemployment leading to civil unrest . 
  sarkozy is just spouting shit . 
  as if anyone could spout shit better than trump . 
  no , you are not listening to me . 
  yes , some luxury goods would be impacted . 
  but , apple would either move the production to the us , or to another low wage country . 
  as mexico is a [ lower wage country than china ] ( http://qz.com/538056/the-country-china-outsources-to-when-chinese-labor-gets-too-expensive/ ) , there would be significant long-term benefits to apple . 
  the cost to china for a trade war with the us would be far larger . 
  unless they can find alternative markets for their manufacturing , they risk having to close the factories , and lose the employment . 
  protectionism can have a lot of benefits , especially if you are a net importer . 
  but , that is immaterial , as the risk to the eu and china of a trade war with the us is far greater than the risk to the us . 
  ter eis nothing manufactured in those areas that can not be readily sourced within the us . 
  the primary beneficiaries of offshoring jobs are the large corporate stockholders , the beneficiaries of bringing the jobs back are working class people . 
  no , really does n't . 
  first of all an iphone is very fungible , being easily replaced by phones from many other manufacturers . 
  secondly , the only advantage china has is cheap labor . 
  an iphone factory could be built anywhere there is cheap labor . 
  say , mexico . 
  but , could china find enough new customers to keep their factories open ? 
  sure , some things would get more expensive . 
  but , increased us employment would offset most of that . 
  and , as i said , a lot of what the us imports from europe is luxury goods . 
  well , given the imbalance in trade between the us and china , and the us and eu , that would probably be a huge stimulus to us manufacturing . 
  yes , we would have to pay more for our tvs and all those bmw and mercedes owners might have to suffer with a ford or lincoln , but they 'd manage . 
  i had no idea that [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7244707/8-03052016-bp-en.pdf/88e97313-dab3-4024-a035-93b2ab471cd9 ) was part of the gop . 
  or [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/apr/10/us-carbon-emissions-set-to-fall-to-lowest-level-in-two-decades ) i learn something new every day . 
  i do n't think nato is going anywhere , but if it does , it will be very quickly replaced with a lot of bilateral treaties . 
  nato is just a way that people in the us can funnel us money into their pockets , buy buying a lot of crap no one wants for countries that do n't need it . 
  no , the us exports a lot .
