  accelerates corrosion and rusting of many metals . 
  may cause electrical failures and decreased effectiveness of automobile brakes . 
  has been found in excised tumors of terminal cancer patients . 
  despite the danger , dihydrogen monoxide is often used : as an industrial solvent and coolant . 
  in nuclear power plants . 
  in the production of styrofoam . 
  as a fire retardant . 
  in many forms of cruel animal research . 
  in the distribution of pesticides . 
  even after washing , produce remains contaminated by this chemical . 
  as an additive in certain `` junk-foods '' and other food products . 
  done , and done . 
  now , i just have to call 911 , and report a doughnut shop on fire in nantes . 
  ( if i say paris , they 'll just go to texas . ), 
  well , hell . 
  get a few dozen doughnuts together , and we can send some right over !, 
  hey , i 'm american . 
  when we suck at something , we have to suck the most in the world !, 
  shit , i ca n't even spell iq . 
  where i live , that is called a personal pan pizza . 
  how about a few oversize bottles of cardinal beer ? 
  with dark rum ? 
  i do love me a dark and stormy . 
  i think they bring the deep-fried mars bars . 
  in some ways , i think scotland is like the florida state fair . 
  oh god , stink flipper . 
  like any european picnic would have enough food for even a couple of us . 
   do n't ask me , though . 
  i make my own tapenade . 
  no , tone does n't come across in writing . 
  hey , we got some cops that would love to handle that for you !, 
  want to work out a trade ? 
  it is kind of distressing how many articles in / r/europe today are about some government banning some form of speech . 
  that 's about the only one we could win . 
  we spend more money on health care than almost anyone ( [ except norway and switzerland . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sh.xpd.pcap?order=wbapi_data_value_2014+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=asc ) must try harder . ), 
  there are some things we are terrible at . 
  big government programs is the worst . 
  die gedanken sind frei is one of my favorite songs , too . 
  kind of sad . 
  between 1992 and august 2004 , 41 criminal defamation cases were brought to court in the united states , among which six defendants were convicted . 
  google translate , but it may give us an idea of the content . 
  sack goofy , cowardly and jammed , erdogan is the president . 
  his gel\u00f6t stinks bad to pizza , even a schweinepfurz smells nice . 
  he is the man the girl kicks , while wearing rubber masks . 
  he likes to fuck like goats , and minorities suppress , kurds occur , christians hew and this view child pornography . 
  and even evening hei\u00dfts place to sleep , fellatio with a hundred sheep . 
  yes , erdogan is fully , a president with a small tail . 
  every turk hear flutes , the stupid sow has schrumpelkl\u00f6ten , from ankara to istanbul , facing each , this man is gay . 
  kink , lice and zoophile , recep fritzl priklopil . 
  his head as empty as his balls , the star of every gangbang party . 
  until the tail pissing burns , that 's recep erdogan , the turkish president . 
  some words did n't translate . 
  could one of our german friends clarify those ? 
  very true . 
  you are right . 
  you know how many people are killed in europe each year by dihydrogen monoxide ? 
  37,000 every year . 
  as little as a few cc 's of the stuff is enough to kill . 
  and , entirely unregulated . 
  who will think of the children ? 
  just for comparison : my mid-atlantic coastal state is north carolina . 
  max recorded was 43.3 in 1983 . 
  lowest recorded was -37 in 1985 . 
  but , does n't that make it harder to blame everything on the us ? 
  i would be interested in a smartphone with all the old nokia qualities of battery life and size . 
  interesting to see what they come up with . 
  well , then . 
  happy constitution day !, 
  in american middle-aged bachelor speak , the word for this is `` sunday . '', 
  it 's like a line of high income , and the farther you get from it , the less you make . 
  i actually was at the aussie grand prix when lambo was supplying an engine to some team . 
  yeah , the merc is an old e55 , and they are well known for racking up really high mileage . 
  its an old 2001 . 
  fingers crossed , its been pretty good . 
  150k miles , and i need to get the headliner replaced . 
  are n't skoda/seat/vw all basically the same thing ? 
  my old merc is not too bad on maintenance . 
  rarely have to fix anything , but expensive when i do . 
  where 's my tatra ? 
  just going by wikipedia articles ( yes , i know ) it looks like tea became popular in both russia and england in the middish-17th century . 
  the articles are actually interesting reading . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_tea_culture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tea_in_the_united_kingdom, 
  well , anyone who has a house has a yard , and its great for bags of mulch , renovations , hauling dirt , etc. . or , some people put their dirt bikes in the back , instead of using a trailer . 
  or , it is also a work vehicle . 
  we do n't really have the ford transit van kind of thing ( british white van ) that role is filled by pickups . 
  as for towing , boats are probably the most common . 
  ( you are making me think about something i had not given much thought to before . ), 
  people will also take them offroad . 
  according to wikipedia , at least , the russian tea culture is older than the british tea culture . 
  maybe the brits got it from the russians ? 
  its like cuban coffee . 
  so much sugar you can stand the spoon up . 
  well , i think we lost the `` fun '' in the effort to make cars more `` safe . '', 
  changes to cars that protected drivers at the expense of driver involvement became mandatory , and manufacturers responded by trying to add features to offset that . 
  i do n't need power everything . 
  my 1982 alfa spider is a joy to drive . 
  under-powered , light , great mpg . 
  my jeep is silly , but a hoot to drive , as it is so basic . 
  no abs , no airbags , no power anything .
