  no , i do n't think so . 
  so many mexicans are already leaving mexico for the us , that we are effectively , by population , the largest state in mexico . 
  damnit , you are right . 
  but , oddly , they could divide into five seperate states . 
  i was born in europe , british mother , us father ( who actually served in ww2 , as did my british grandfather ) . 
  here is the real root of this . 
  europe is the second most successful intervention and rebuilding effort the us has done . 
  ( japan probably being the first . ), 
  for most of the 20th century , europe was an ongoing problem that kept sucking in an inherently isolationist us . 
  so , for americans , to hear a european rant about us interventionism is just the height of hypocrisy . 
  the us had to intervene in europe 3 times in 80 years to stop them killing each other . 
  and that has strongly influenced how the us views europe . 
  serbia ? 
  stop me any time . 
  go ahead and downvote , but shoryukenist is correct . 
  layer on top of that a touch of schadenfreude , after being berated over our immigration policies , and seeing how europe handles much less . 
  oh , there is that self-lauded british wit !, 
  never got over the fact that we made a big deal out of not wanting to be like you , have you ? 
  texas is the exception ( of course ) . 
  as they were a seperate country when they joined the union , they have the option of reverting back to that state . 
  there are 556 indian nations recognised by the us government , currently . 
   differences between 50th and 1st state for gdp per capita is that last place mississippi is about half of first place maryland . 
  i think you are on old info . 
  discounting dc ( $ 169k ) , the highest state per capita gdp is alaska at $ 66,160 and the lowest is mississippi at $ 31,151 . 
  so , your comparison is exactly correct , but maryland actually ranks 10th . 
  [ source - 2014 ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/248063/per-capita-us-real-gross-domestic-product-gdp-by-state/ ), 
  something like 15 % of mexicans already are under the jurisdiction of the us supreme court . 
  not a great example . 
  ok , how many languages does the german government print official documents in ? 
  in the us , the social security administration [ provides 18 languages ] ( https://www.ssa.gov/multilanguage/ ) ( plus english ) . 
  no ... you ... are n't ... !, 
  hang on , when the us said the exact same thing , all the euros called us racists !, 
  but when tall , blond , and attractive white people do it , it 's fine . 
  i accuse you of scandinavian privilege !, 
  i am even willing to accept south carolina mustard sauce , though it took me a while . 
  just saw this . 
  i am in 27519 .  [ backyard bbq ] ( http://www.sweetribs.com/ ) for the win !, 
  forgive them , they know not what they say . 
  yeah . 
  our government agencies suck , and we know it . 
   south american churrasco is grilled meat . 
  us barbecue is not grilled meat . 
  first of all , yes it is unique to the us . 
  you are still confusing grilling with barbecuing . 
  secondly , it is not `` near religious '' but actual religion . 
  ah , my buddy married one . 
  yes , she is fiery , smart , and all round great . 
  living in florida , you meet a lot of canadians . 
  as a group , great bunch of people . 
  i 've always been partial to their women . 
  ** no ** bbq is grilled meat . 
  bbq is cooked slowly , over indirect heat , with smoke being part of the cooking process . 
  grilling is fast cooking , over direct heat . 
  frenchman knows his cooking . 
  no , bbq is not grilling meat . 
  bbq is not a verb . 
  heretic !, 
  yeah , but then i screwed it up . 
  :( etats-unis d'europe or eue, 
  everyone needs a visa , almost . 
  yeah , i 'm not real happy about our new border controls : harder for friends , ignore the illegals . 
  maybe you should just fly to mexico , and walk in . 
  well , when their grandparents spend winters in florida , they are called snowbirds . 
  crap . 
  you are correct . 
  barbacoa is native caribbean , bbq is an evolution of that . 
  do n't even start that argument . 
  this is religion . 
  well , its close between that and bbq . 
  i think the french would force everyone to call it the esu . 
  and you guys are the great white north . 
  please , do n't confuse things our government says with what the country actually feels . 
  you may have noticed we are having a particularly loud election over exactly that issue . 
  lots of love for poland in the us . 
  american . 
   joking . 
  no , i think the best skill to learn is how best to use a translation device . 
  you might not be able to have conversations , but you will have a basic level of communication with everyone you meet . 
  [ smartphones have a lot of processing power !, 
  ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.translate ), 
  very cool we get along well with one of our neighbors , at least . 
  obama continued bush 's economic policies ( stimulus was passed under bush , and qe was an extension of bush policies ) . 
  and the aca is not working out well , at all . 
  but , more people have insurance , so i give him credit for that , even if it is a monstrosity of regulation that has driven up costs . 
  as another poster pointed out , cuba was a good accomplishment , but that is about it . 
  otherwise , the us is weaker than it was 8 years ago . 
  i do n't blame obama for the hostile congress , but for never being able to work with it , as other presidents have . 
  passing the aca without a single republican vote had terrible consequences . 
  the economic policies regarding the economy were extensions of the bush policies . 
  no idea why the us should be held to a higher standard . 
  sounds like `` exceptionalism . 
  the iran `` deal ? '', 
  yes . 
  well , i do n't really agree . 
  obama has been an ok president , at best . 
  better second term than first , i would say . 
  but , no foreign policy accomplishments to speak of , and domestically a very mixed bag . 
  yes , he had a hostile congress , but he never showed the political skills to work with a hostile congress . 
  but , i am curious . 
  from outside the us , what do you see his greatest accomplishment being ?
