   i see that currently the us is no longer willing to fullfil this role . 
  i would not go that far . 
  i would say it is a discussion we , as a country , are starting to have . 
  after so many years of wars , the population is starting to question our aggressive foreign policy , and this is part of that conversation . 
   in either case , i think we need a closer defense cooperation within the eu outside of nato , because i feel like with trump as the president , we simply can not rely on nato anymore . 
  yeah , i would n't really count on that . 
  we have n't figured trump out yet , but we do know that he says lots of things to influence future dealings . 
  trump personally is far more pro-british than obama , for instance . 
  us presence in europe is the main vector to project the us 's interests in the world ? 
  how do you , as a european , feel about that ? 
  but , should that be within a us framework , or a european framework ? 
   and you need to understand europe is n't relying on usa for defense , well , i think that is arguable . 
  i am not pointing any fingers , but i think many people were surprised that the uk and french air forces could not operate less than 2000km from france , without direct us support . 
  i am not asking about the us view , but what europeans think . 
   if they leave i 'm sure european defence spending would go up , while us influence will go down . 
  ok , i can understand that . 
  but , as a european , is that something you want ? 
  thank you , i 'll look a tthat . 
  always curious about the / r/europe view though . 
  its a bit less restrained . 
  ok , thank you for that . 
  my question is simply about european views towards us involvement in europe 's defense . 
  would i be accurate in saying that you do not feel a need for the us , and that you do not believe the potential threat justifies 2 % gdp spending on military ? 
  ok , i can understand that . 
  so , would i be accurate in saying you do n't really see a need for the us to be so involved in european defense ? 
  i am just pointing out that the raf and french air force ( i think we can agree are two of the more capable air forces in europe ) could not mount operations over a distance of under 2000 km . 
  i believe that the eu is roughly 4000km north to south , and about 3200km west to east . 
  i am trying to understand the views of europeans toward defense , especially in light of the eu . 
   `` the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognized by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  each country gets to decide what response it deems neccessary . 
  if the us left nato ( or reduced its presence in europe ) : do you think that would be good for europe ? 
  well , the uk is a bit different , as no matter what happens with brexit or the eu , the us will always have a strong military alliance with the uk . 
   ( countries can be forced to go to war by the us - who is the majority power holder - without a vote in their own parliaments ! ), 
  that is n't really true . 
  not that it matters , but i agree with you . 
   we pay our own defence . 
  well , i am not sure that you do . 
  the failure of the french and uk air forces to mount a bombing campaign over libya without us direct support showed that there is a capability gap . 
  its only about 2000 km from france to tripoli . 
  do you feel that europe could defend itself ( or could the netherlands defend itself ) without the us ? 
  as i say , i 'm not talking about the us interests . 
  ok , so you feel that the us is not critical to european defense , and they would just continue using nato as a framwork without the us ? 
  but , would a eu army not have the same deterrent effect ? 
  i am just trying to guage how europeans feel about relying on the us for defense . 
  is it just a case of `` its always been that way ? '', 
  i 'm not getting into the us reasons for nato support , but just interested in the views from europe . 
  i 'm not very clear about your point . 
  are you saying that there is no real need for nato ? 
   i think a better solution is a common european military . 
  means we 'd be better able to supply what a 21st century military needs . 
  thank you . 
  that is the question i was curious about : what europeans think is better for europe . 
  so , how do you feel about the us buying influence in europe by funding defense ? 
  would you prefer no us influence , but paying for your own defense ? 
  or , do you accept the us influence , with not having to pay for defense . 
  i am interested in whether europeans feel that relying on the us for defense is a good thing , for europe . 
  so , you think the us does this to exert control over europe ? 
  is there any resentment of that , or desire to toss the us out ? 
  your last point is the most interesting , to me . 
  do you really think that , say , france would not directly assist estonia if the russians invaded ? 
  also , may i ask where you are from ? 
  i did n't know sweden was almost as large as north carolina . 
  op did not give their source . 
  and gdp growth is measured by a common formula . 
  should be no vairation by source . 
  i suspect they actually used 2006-2015 . 
  us was actually 1.6 http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?end=2015&amp;locations=us&amp;start=2005, 
  i have been a guardian reader for about 7 years . 
  they have really gone downhill . 
  everything is opinion , and its all establishment left = good , anything else is you are literally satanhitler . 
  cif was the best online forum around , but now they rarely open articles for comment anymore . 
  is it friday already ? 
  weekly willy thread . 
   ( usually uncovered with a concealed carry permit ) i think you meant concealed . 
  lol i have to say , the most depressing phrase in weather is , `` too cold too snow . '', 
  brr . 
  at minus 40 all the farenheits and celcii come to agreement that it is just too fucking cold !, 
  those damn baptists . 
  always trying to destroy the ana-baptists . 
  and do n't get me started on immigrants from canada !, 
  always playing hockey , and smelling like maple . 
  sorry , i should have been more clear . 
  they have to go back to their citizens and say that the tax money they `` loaned '' to someone else is never going to be paid back . 
  we-e-e-ell , it sort of does . 
  that would be the difference between a `` loan '' and a grant . 
  remember , the country that made the loan carries it as an asset . 
  if they forgive ( or erase ) the loan , they have to take it as a loss . 
  stickers ? 
  well , when one does not pay off a debt , one can never again get a loan . 
  so , there really is a down side . 
  new york city and area account for about 9 % of us gdp . 
  la is about another 5 % . 
  for context , the state of texas has about the same gdp as the new york city area . 
  yes , la and nyc have a large presence in the us , but not as dominant as the larger cities in most other countries . 
  chicago has almost the same sized economy as la. 
  my little state of north carolina has about the same gdp as sweden . 
  mostly due to its size , the us does not have productivity as concentrated as most countries . 
  i would say china is the most similiar , in that way . 
  i think it is only relevant in that london has a much larger impact on the uk than new york city does on the us , and that holds for other european countries as well . 
  people tend to over-estimate the influence of nyc and la on the rest of the us .
