  i 've been part of it . 
   does not change my point . 
  google would have to pull out of the eu market . 
  now , if they realyl wanted to go nuclear , they could pull completely out of the european market : search , maps , gmail , youtube , adwords , and the [ other 140 things they offer ] ( http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/google-services-tools/ ) but , that cuts off a huge revenue source ( europe ) . 
  yeah , would suck for the eu , but they would either find replacements , or live without . 
  in the long run google wants the eu more than the eu wants google . 
   edit : i just want to point out that one way to resolve this in the past would have been to have google ( or better said alphabet ) split their search engine from their other businesses . 
  fair enough , but then why would google provide a search engine at all ? 
  if it can not promote sponsored results ( while celarly showing that ) , then how are they supposed to pay for the service ? 
  yet , altavista was the absolutely dominant search engine , until a better one came along . 
   according to the latest numbers , comscore reports that bing 's share of the search market grew more than google 's this past april . 
  to be exact , bing 's market share rose by 0.2 % while google 's dropped by 0.2 % . 
   google 's total share of the us desktop search market has dipped below its previous 64 % to 63.8 % . 
  microsoft 's share of desktop search is now sitting at 21.6 % . 
   so , why is bing 's search share growing while google 's dropping?the growth of windows 10 could have had an effect , since bing is integrated throughout the entire desktop operating system . 
  will the eu fine microsoft for this ? 
  no arguing , just want to figure this out . 
  if i search on google , it shows advertisemnets first , and marks them as `` ad `` s . if i search on google shopping , it says `` merchant links are sponsored . '', 
  so , i assume this is about google search , not google shopping . 
  is the fine because the ads are not marked clearly enough ? 
  youtuber . 
  good one . 
  off-topic , but that is where i recognise the name . 
  i am done with windows 10 . 
  all the ads ( in my desktop pc !!, 
  ) , crapware i ca n't uninstall , and forcing me to login to microsoft just to use my pc . 
  time to swtich to linux completely . 
   microsoft is not a monopoly well , they have monopoly position in computer os . 
  i dont ' see the difference . 
  if apple had more market share , they would be guilty of exactly what microsoft was convicted of over browsers and choice . 
  microsoft defaults its search to bing , and its browser to ie/edge . 
  but , you paid for that os . 
  android defaults its browser and serach engine to whatever the phone maker decides ( typically chrome and google ) , but you do n't pay for the os . 
  but , use of google is voluntary , right ? 
  is there someone who can explain the legal underpinnings of this ? 
  in the us , you cannto use an acquired monopoly to attempt to get a monopoly in another market ( the famous microsoft / internet explorer case ) . 
  but , i am puzzled by what this is about . 
  google shopping will proritise paid results above non-paid results , yes . 
  but , they mark the paid results as ads . 
  ( and say `` merchant links are sponsored '' ) normal google search results will put the paid results at the top , but marks them with an `` ad '' logo . 
  is the fine because they mixed paid results with unpaid results ? 
  or is it more basic , and a company can not differentiate between its customers and non-customers used in a price comparison ? 
  anyway , can a lawyer clarify this a bit ? 
  devolution do you find that answer [ satisfying ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jadvt7cbh1o ), 
  wow , that is beautiful . 
  yes , i lived in the swamp for a few years . 
  its the winter that drove me out : 33 degrees and raining . 
  and nver ever seeing the sun . 
  we are having very unseasonably cool weather here in nc . 
  only 21 now , and wo n't go above 28 today . 
  its wonderfullly cool . 
  epoch time is best time . 
  ok , i know this is wikipedia , and must be used cautiously for any politically divisive issue . 
  but , [ this entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grenfell_tower_fire ) says that the tower was owned by the kensington and chelsea council , and managed on their behalf by the kensington and chelsea tenant management organisation . 
  i am not in the uk , so this might be wrong . 
  here is my view : people are less interested in learning about issues , as they feel distanced from the political process and results . 
  ( plus , all those issues are complicated , and its hard to learn . ), 
  so , they replace issues with personalities , and dissension with hatred . 
  add a media that desires conflict and indignation above all else , and you get a toxic mess . 
  was n't this building owned by the local government ( council ) ? 
  the guardian is blaming it on trump . 
  the us celebrates its slave owning heritage ? 
  do brits celebrate their empire ? 
  do the spanish ? 
  who did we elect recently ? 
  barack obama ? 
  yes , we understand that some californians are that way . 
  lol you just can not bring yourself to look anything up , can you ? 
  are you afraid that your deeply felt superiority might not have any foundation ? 
  racist - so , how many race riots has western europe had this year ? 
  how many incidents like the one at the top with neo-nazis ? 
  monkey chanting at football matches ? 
  how are the roma doing these days ? 
  xenophobic - the country that has the largest foreign born population in the world . 
  currently , that percentage is nearing an all time high , even more than the huge migration waves of the 19th century . 
  stop imposing your problems on us . 
  europe is staggering under a million migrants . 
  the us takes in a million legal migrants a year , plus the odd few million illegal migrants . 
  and you say we are xenophobic ? 
  here , have a happy read about [ a swedish survey of racist views . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ), 
   migrant issue in eu is a whole other scale than in us . 
  you are correct . 
  the us issue with illegal migration is at least a factor of 10 larger . 
  the eu ( with a far larger population ) is in meltdown over a million migrants . 
  current estimates for the us are about 10-13 million illegal migrants . 
  no , trump is not extreme right . 
  he actually campaigned ** against ** the extreme right in the primaries ( eg cruz , rubio , carson , etc. . ) trump is trump . 
  he is an outsider , who does not fit into the box . 
  he has n't really done much that would be considered extreme right . 
  we are still coping with a media that was firmly committed to mrs. clinton , and has not accepted that she lost . 
  and , respectfully , your perspective only tells us about your impression of the us , not the facts on the ground . 
  i personally think there is just a wider spectrum of poltical belief in the us than europe , and less concern with consensus . 
  de nile ? 
  so , no actual actions , then ? 
  it is a weird , and fultile , game to try to impose european politics on the us . 
  the two are just so different . 
  the us does not really have any socialists/communists , and europe has no libertarians . 
  if that proposal to temporarily suspend travel from some countries until tighter vetting could be done is the worst thing that trump has done , then he really has n't done much .
