  we just voted against ** illegal ** immigrants . 
  people like you that do n't get that are part of the reason that trump won . 
  aw , someone got their feelings hurt ? 
  yes , we are glad you live in europe , too . 
  maybe you can find someone closer to home to lecture ? 
  first of all , no one knows what trump will do . 
  but , he can not unilaterally withdraw from treaties . 
  there is a feeling in the us that we are paying for europe 's defense , and that might mean europe has to spend more , but that is probably about it . 
  i am fiding it interesting how badly the press reported this , and how so many misconceptions are out there . 
   an election eve poll finds sweeping support for immigration enforcement even among most hispanics in the united states , potentially bolstering donald trump 's presidential bid . 
   the pulse opinion research survey found that 51 percent of hispanics believe that there has been `` too little '' done to enforce immigration laws . 
  what 's more , by a margin of 49 percent to 36 percent , hispanics `` support a policy causing illegal immigrants to return home by enforcing the law . '', 
   overall , the survey done for the center for immigration studies , found that most americans , 54 percent , believe that the administration has done too little to enforce immigration laws and 56 percent support returning illegals . 
  i think you meant to say . . all your nuke are belong to us . 
  well , if you have to tax things multiple times , that is a very inefficient tax system . 
  sorry , but vat is a terrible taxation system , that is highly regressive , and serves to dissuade complex processes . 
  secondly , you are assuming that taxes exist only to redistribute wealth , which is true in some places , but not all . 
  thirdly , yes , the complexity of a tax code creates incentives for those who can afford to hire people to parse it for loopholes . 
  your post is internally inconsistent . 
  if all you want to do is move money from the rich to the poor , then you need to take money from the rich . 
  but , if the consumers of the product are not rich , and you are increasing their costs through corporate taxation , then you are actually taking money from the poor , and giving it to government , supposedly to help the poor . 
  and yes , this activity is enormously penalising economic success . 
  it only serves to create a wealth transfer to accountants and lawyers . 
  always , always ask * cui bono . 
  * who benefits ? 
  corporate taxes are an odd thing . 
  all of the profits are already taxed , when they are paid out to shareholders . 
  so , its just a way to tax the same income twice . 
  but , when you add in a tax code that is so complicated that it acutally incents the hiring of accountants and lawyers to minimise tax burden , and all you end up doing is taking part of that income stream , and handing it directly to accountants and lawyers . 
  not really . 
  almost every candidate led at some point , but then self-destructed . 
  if you do n't have a problem with what they did , then you do n't have a problem with what they did . 
   there 's literally noevidence there was any rigging . 
  every time i ask for sources nobody seems to be able to provide anything remotely incriminating except the above . 
  i thought a lmgtfy would be simple enough , but it you actually find that too confusing : [ washington post ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/07/24/here-are-the-latest-most-damaging-things-in-the-dncs-leaked-emails/ )  one email from dnc chief financial officer brad marshall read : `` it might may no difference , but for ky and wva can we get someone to ask his belief . 
  does he believe in a god . 
  he had skated on saying he has a jewish heritage . 
  i think i read he is an atheist . 
  this could make several points difference with my peeps . 
  my southern baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a jew and an atheist . '', 
  [ huffington post ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/wikileaks-emails-show-dnc-favored-hillary-clinton-over_us_57930be0e4b0e002a3134b05 )  the emails show the dnc working against bernie sanders during the primary , with some startling tidbits such as how the dnc considered denying a bernie delegate admittance to a fundraiser because she supported bernie . 
   you guys need to accept the fact a lot more people chose clinton over bernie and move on . 
  i ask again : rigging an election is ok , if you were going to win anyway ? 
  no , i would n't agree with that at all . 
  fptp is implicit to a 2 party system . 
  multi-party systems have some advantages , but also lead to much less staibility . 
  this is nothing new is us elections . 
  we have had corrupt party politics , and reform candidates many times in our history . 
  my only point is that the view you get in europe is not very similiar to the views of the voters in the us . 
  no , trump 's supporters are not all racist xenophobes , and no , mrs. clinton is not a highly qualified candidate for presidency . 
  but , i do appreciate your politeness , and that you ask questions . 
  there is a german person i was speaking to in another thread on this , that only wanted to lecture me on what americans thought , even though he had never actually been here . 
   are you italian ? 
  i was born in rome ( left as a very young child ) , but visit my brother 's flat in lucca whenever possible . 
  so , rigging an election is ok , if you were going to win anyway ? 
  well , it appears we are at an impasse . 
  i am not defending , or pushing trump . 
  i was just trying to explain that the reasons he does have support are not well understood in europe . 
   a welfare state can coexist with immigration as long as this immigration is well controlled . 
  i do n't see why welfare state matters either given that it 's very limited in the usa and it 's been mostly built by democrats and not republicans you are starting to lose me here . 
  most people would agree that a country can not have a strong social safety net , while having open borders . 
  no , trump 's support is not built on anti-black policies . 
  in fact , he enjoys a far higher level of support among african-americans than previous republican candidates . 
  nor is it based on white extremism . 
  when i talk about corruption , i am referring to bribery , influence peddling , and `` pay-to-play . '', 
  well , we have had one clinton presdency already , so we have a fair idea of what it would look like . 
  and obama 's presidency has not been , in any sense , a `` good '' one . 
  race relations have gotten much worse , the economy remains stagnant , we are involved in more wars than before , and his signature health plan is collapsing . 
  some people think that our situation is so bad , that any change can only be better . 
  well , i disagree . 
  do you have much experience living in the us ? 
  well , i only lived in italy for a short while , but as i recall most of the papers identifed with a [ particular political alignment . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_italy ) in the us , everyone claims to be impartial , but all except fox support the democratic party . 
  trumps rhetoric against minorities - well , more specifically illegal immigrants , but yes . 
  there is a long history of `` nativism '' in the us . 
  but , as milton freidman famously said , you ca n't have open immigration and a welfare state . 
  most of the burden of the federal government 's refusal to enforce border controls falls on states that are very far away from washington . 
  and the group most harmed by millions of illegal immigrants is the ( want to be ) working poor . 
  berlosconi - i should have been more specific , in that i am referring to how he came to power , as an anti-corruption outsider . 
  the us population has a very low tolereance for corrupt government , more scandinavian/german than italian/spanish . 
  absolutely no one knows what a trump presidency will look like . 
  i do n't think even trump does . 
  and , he is a brash new yorker who says lots of shit , without really meaning it . 
  but , we know exactly what a clinton presidency will look like : lots of scandals , lots of lying , lots of influnce peddling , lots of coverups , and very little competancy . 
  i despise mrs. clinton , but i admit that at least she has access to a pool of people who have some experience at the jobs of government . 
  no one knows who and how a trump presidency would be made up of . 
  imo , they are both bad choices . 
  but , one is a continuation of a bad path , while the other is a chaotic force for change . 
  ( oh , and for all his failings , bush was not corrupt . ), 
  well , i do n't understand , then . 
  in europe , rampant patriotism led to fascism . 
  the us does not have fascism . 
  our right-wing is firmly anti-government power . 
  kind of hard to build an authoritarian state out of people who want to limit the power of government . 
  this entire election is not about left-right , in any meaningful sense . 
  trump is not really a republican ( any more than sanders was a democrat ) . 
  he is a rejection of the republican party 's preferred candidates . 
  the election is about establishment ( business as usual corruption ) against the outsider ( populist `` reformer '' ) . 
  on many issues , mrs. clinton is well to the right of trump ( especially her interventionist foreign policy , support of trade agreements , and support of the banks ) . 
  the us right is basically isolationist , not interventionist .
