  ( did n't vote for him , do n't like him . ), 
  and https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/25/world/europe/refugees-migrants-austria-greece.html, 
  so , its not trump who is extreme right wing , but the whole us ? 
  and the us does have mandatory health insurance , just like germany . 
  and the us has free education up to university level , and the federal government hands out about $ 20 bilion in university grants per year . 
  i did n't vote for him , but what exactly has trump done that is `` right-wing extremist ? '', 
  are his followers breaking into concerts and screaming `` foreigners get out ? '', 
  but , seriously . 
  what is the worst thing that trump has done , in your opinion ? 
   popularity in america entirely based around having an english accent and regurgitating the opinions which his target audience already holds ? 
  yup . 
  he can be funny , in small doses . 
  but , entirely predictable . 
  but , not that many people watch . 
  about the same as the other `` parroter of bien pensant '' , bill maher . 
  it is not enough to oppose policies , but you have to hate everyone who disagrees with you . 
   turn the uk into a real version of 1984 . 
  bit late for that , mate . 
  oh , if only everyone was as smart , handsome , and omniscient as you . 
  please , be our emperor !, 
  in general , when people tell me what those they oppose believe , i do n't give it a lot of credence . 
  it looks like we have [ a lot of anti-dup protests ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/anti-muslim-act-america-stage-marches-against-sharia-law-nationwide-n767386 ) going on in the us right now , then . 
  best wishes to the poor victims of this terrorism , and their families . 
  nah , they shoot back . 
  well , taste is different mostly due to being grain fed , versus grass fed . 
  i 'm no mcdonald 's shill , but they do pay attention to quality . 
  i think they are phasing out hormone fed meat currently . 
  their meat is actually of a very high quality . 
  they have n't used pink slime for over 10 years, 
  ok , a few things that need to be said : 1 . 
  trump is not really a conservative . 
  he just got elected as one . 
  obama had to sign the paris accords , rather than a treaty , because the us senate would not ratify the treaty . 
  before trump was elected . 
  if discussing the probable effects of policy changes is `` science denial '' then i suppose i am a science denialist . 
  ( which will come at the amazement of any of my science profs , or work managers . ), 
   while the u.s. spends more per student than most countries , this does not translate into better performance . 
  for example , the slovak republic , which spends around usd 53 000 per student , performs at the same level as the united states , which spends over usd 115000 per student . 
  - [ oecd report ] ( http://www.oecd.org/unitedstates/pisa-2012-results-us.pdf ) funding for state universities is a combination of state government assistance , and tuitions . 
  most of them also have an endowment . 
  i went to a public university , btw . 
  but , to the original point , us public schools are very , very well funded . 
  and you do n't see any value in discussing whether the proposed ( voluntary ) actions of the signatories will actually do anything worthwhile ? 
  ever heard of the kyoto accords ? 
  i was being polite . 
  i think anyone who is incapable of even imagining that people may disagree with them without being insane is a tedious narcissist . 
  well , i am not in a position to call 60 million or so people insane . 
  but , their opinions still matter . 
   the primary news source of a country with over 120 million people bbc ? 
  population of the uk is 65 million . 
  popular vote is meaningless in the us presidential election . 
  a lot of the us is thoroughly fed up with business as usual . 
  it is the people that are his biggest supporters . 
  the media and establishment hate him . 
  us education is anything but underfunded . 
  eu leadership ? 
  be interesting to see what that looks like . 
  does not really matter , the the country does not . 
  the guardian has lost it , sadly . 
  in the last year or two , they have really stopped doing good journalism , and now its just the daily competition to see who hates trump the most . 
  yup . 
  so why does the eu charge 4x the import duty on us cars that the us charges on european cars ? 
  no , the nation , the united states of america , does not have an official language . 
  who is the s ? 
  us does not have a `` national language '' or official language . 
  anyone know what the relative automobile import duties are in germany and the us ? 
  9.8 cents per kwh, 
  the [ hottest of them all . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knr5bg3bmdo ), 
  hard to beat [ the mexicans ] ( https://the10bestreview.com/top-10-hot-mexican-weather-girl/ ) for weather bunnies . 
  does the color of that sweater have a name . 
  because , it should n't . 
  i liked the guy , though . 
  that is what the whole `` obamacare '' law is about : heavy subsidies for low income insurance , and penalties for not having insurance . 
   your claim that 50 % of us population does n't pay taxes . 
  again , i did not say that . 
  how many times do i have to repeat it ? 
   so we have 26 % of us adults who do n't pay taxes . 
  no , that is not what i pointed out , is not true , and is not relevant . 
  they should just bribe the eu lawmakers directly , and cut out the middleman . 
  well , its being driven by the content producers . 
  who is the google of europe ? 
  the netflix ? 
  the facebook ? 
  so , if you are going to use quotes , do n't make up the shit you put between them . 
  better ? 
  only fair , as your responses have been painful to me . 
  if you are going to use quotes , then do so accurately . 
  almost half the us population pays no income tax . 
  which is easily checked . 
  you can not be uninsured , it is against the law . 
  well , i can only repeat myself so many times . 
  if you choose not to listen , i can not help you . 
  if you wish to discuss ** why ** provision of healthcare by the government is such a problm in the us , i would be happy to . 
  if you just want to assert superiority , go ahead . 
  you may even be correct . 
  i 'm just not interested . 
   you started out by seemingly arguing that the american system was n't worse at all than the spanish one . 
  no , i said very specifically that of the 6 services , 5 were available in the us , and the 6th partially was . 
  i have also stated ( more than once ) that the us healthcare system has serious problems .
