  the [ newer long-range drones are completely operated over satellite links . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/special/national/drone-crashes/how-drones-work/ ) again , why are you being so insulting ? 
  the us military has a full [ constellation of communications satellites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defense_satellite_communications_system ) , allowing coverage around the world . 
  i have no idea why this conversation suddenly became so insulting , but i have no interest in talking to you any more . 
  most of the drone operators are in the western part of the us . 
  creech afb is in nevada.i suppose there could be some advantage to using a fiber ip link , but it could easily be replaced by sat link , or a smaller relay station could be used almost anywhere . 
  it just does not make any sense . 
  no , i do n't think the us needs to have a huge base in rammstein . 
  i think it should be closed , and those operations repatriated tot he us . 
  that was cringingly bad . 
  so-o-o-o , the drone has a landline to rammstein , and then it goes over a satellite link ? 
  that would be a long wire . 
  we can do surveillance from anywhere . 
  why do we need a european command ? 
  too many drones , but relay is by satellite . 
  i do n't see any actual benefit to the us of having rammstein . 
  ( no idea what rammstein has to do with aircraft carriers or china , but whatever . ), 
  we do n't want the influence . 
  it does n't seem to get us anything . 
  keeps our politicians happy though . 
  and the people who sell to the military . 
  no idea why we are still in europe . 
  no more soviet union , and if europeans want to have another wear , i do n't think we should stop them . 
  most americans still are isolationist . 
  we let our governmetn get away with all sorts of shit because of that . 
  but , countries that beg us to be their defense are just enablers . 
  well , it was certainly bad for the us . 
  although our isolationism was tested by ww1 . 
  if you go back and read us newspapers after ww2 , it seemed opinion was about half stop-the-commies , and half `` if we do n't stay , they will just another war in 20 years . '', 
  * pax americana * has been great for lots of people , but is absolutely not good for the us , any more . 
  hm , world war 2 ? 
  st. helena was also the last place in the british empire with legal slavery . 
  off to read about st. helena . 
  is there anything that can not be blamed on the us ? 
  there are 320 million americans . 
  i guarantee i can find an example of anything you want . 
  yeah , do n't care . 
  ( oh , and i was born in europe , and have lived in various western european countries . ), 
  my mistake . 
  its just the constant comparison to everything us that threw me off . 
  see number 1 . 
  yes , i know you were making some sort of snarky stupid american comment . 
  see number 2 . 
  i can not think of any usage of the word europe that would exclude the british isles , other than the british view of themsleves as exceptional . 
  i am rather sure that the dutch , portuguese , and spanish had as much outward trade . 
  little in the way of intervention into european politics ? 
  between , say , 1200 and 1815 , what was the longest period the english went without having a war with france ? 
  i understand that brits refer to continental europe as europe . 
  that does not really negate the fact that the entire world would characterise the uk as a european country . 
   a surprising number of americans think nestle is american and nokia is japanese . 
  that is what you said . 
  and now you are back pedalling . 
  ah , fuck it . 
  believe whatever you want . 
  just do n't be surprised when americans do n't care . 
  i do get tired of people misunderstanding us culture , condemning us for their misunderstanding , and then telling how wrong we are when we try to explain it . 
  maybe this thread is a good example of why so few americans choose to engage with europeans , or give much value to their opinions . 
  but , i ca n't stop europeans from thinking that us tv and movies are an accurate representation of life in the us . 
  just like downton abbey is a perfect representation of english life . 
  that was very informative . 
  thank you . 
  oh , it 's a ** mistake ** now ? 
  no , the uk is part of europe . 
  culturally , geographically , historically , and economically . 
  your protestations and assertions of exceptionalism notwithstanding , the entire world considers the uk to be a european country . 
  yes , you are . 
  portlandia is a comedy about how insular people can be . 
  it uses the comic trope of exaggeration . 
  as to what country nokia and nestle are based in , what does it matter to the average american ? 
  how does it affect their life in any way ? 
  did you know that citgo was venezuelan , or that stella artois is made by the same brazilian company that makes bud light ? 
  i 'm sorry , but while country of origin for some products may be important to you , it would be arrogant to assume that everyone shares your interest . 
  i probably only have a few meters of ducting on my whole flat . 
  the air handler is in the middle , and ducts surround it . 
  the refrigerant runs in an insulated pipe to the heat pump downstairs . 
  i had always learned that a single , larger unit is more efficient than multiple smaller units . 
  i love the fact that 4 people have pointed this out . 
  yes , to the rest of the world , the uk is part of europe . 
  and the world includes the uk in europe . 
  also , at least for a while longer , as part of the european union . 
  i know . 
  everyone else in the world does , though . 
  `` fog in channel . 
  continent cut off . '', 
  then how the hell do you get from portlandia 's jokes to an assertion that americans think that nestle is american and nokia japanese ? 
  i swear , i will never figure out the arrogance of some people . 
   `` history is more or less bunk . 
  it 's tradition . 
  we do n't want tradition . 
  we want to live in the present , and the only history that is worth a tinker 's damn is the history that we make today . '', 
  ( chicago tribune , 1916 ) . 
  well , i am not typical but i have three cars . 
  1 ) my classic - an 33 year old alfa spider that i have restored and take to shows 2 ) my driver - an 14 year old amg that i drive to work when it rains , and on long highway trips 3 ) my jeep - a 23 year old jeep , all beat up , and i drive it for fun and on the beach . 
  i can only drive one at a time , though . 
  well , there are considerations . 
  in the eu , people go by rail , and cargo goes by lorry . 
  in the us , it is the opposite . 
  a 500 km drive is n't really anything ( that 's about how far my brother lives from me . ), 
  on the highway , larger cars are far more comfortable , and do n't really suffer much in fuel economy . 
  i am in nc now .
