honestly ? 
  i really do n't know what your point is . 
  i assume it is some sort of assertion of european superiority , but beyond that , i am lost . 
  sorry , so the `` european value '' is rejection of an abstract concept ? 
  what `` free '' market are you referring to ? 
  the us is highly regulated , as is most of europe . 
  how then , do you reconcile that with your earlier assertion that a free market is `` absolutely insane ? '', 
  the us is about as `` free market '' as the eu is `` socialist . '', 
  capitalism has lifted more people from poverty than every centrally-planned economy combined . 
  but , i got what i wanted . 
  straw purchases are illegal . 
  also , most felonies are committed by people with felony records , who can not legally own a gun . 
  so , it really is over 90 % . 
   shootings in the us are done with legally bought guns ( mostly ) actually , it is estimated that over 90 % of the shootings in the us are from illegally owned weapons . 
  compare the us homicide rate with the rest of the americas . 
  seems to be more related to post-colonialism than anything else . 
   civilised countries ( e.g germany ) . 
  an arrogant german ? 
  do people know such a thing exists ? 
  that is not a value . 
  that is just a goal . 
  a value would explain why capitalism is bad for europeans . 
  i funderstood that !, 
  the eu has no force projection capability , even to the point of being able to operate planes over the med . 
   europe can very much defend itself with its current military budgets . 
  well , based on how poorly `` europe '' did in the bombing of libya , i 'd have to disagree . 
  if you are receiving public money for your studies , what benefit is it to society that you have a degree in lit ? 
  no one is removing choice , but talking about how much money we as a society should dedicate to the study of literature . 
  lol actually , i spend a lot of time in the uk , and yes , the food is not good . 
  but , back to your taking offense ... 
  itt : brits who like to show how thin-skinned they are . 
  we keep the good stuff here . 
  it was funny back in 1970 , when monty python first told it . 
  today , however , it is only told by people who do n't know anything about us beer . 
  does that mean that , when shot , i can be simultaneously dead and not-dead ? 
  some of those were just whinging . 
  who is the us 's strongest ally ? 
  well , i 'd say canada , for strength of relationship . 
  militarily ? 
  probably australia . 
  economically ? 
  japan , i suppose . 
  i do , but i still say he should have kept mum . 
  no , get behind me , satan !, 
  canadians like mayo on everything . 
  maybe they got it from the french . 
  i still think obama should not have commented on brexit . 
  its their decision , let them make it . 
   with real mayo for fries . 
  speechless . 
  simply speechless . 
  tried to puzzle that out . 
  could n't . 
  what ? 
  and pay for their own defense ? 
  why would they want to do that ? 
  silicon valley is n't really that important any more . 
  lots of other , less expensive areas in the us are seeing increasing start-up activity : austin tx , rtp nc , etc. 
  well , they do n't if they do not bring the profits in . 
  so , for instance , apple has about $ 200 billion in profits held outside the us , whcih they do not want to repatriate because of the high corporate tax . 
  if the eu could sort out it 's conflicting tax codes , it would remove a lot of the advantage to keeping that money outside the us . 
  but , little to show for it . 
  just having a large population does not make a successful tech hub . 
  in the us , at least , most of the technology hotspots are in places with a lot of research universities . 
   my euro mind can not comprehend that . 
  moving up means promotions . 
  promotions means bossing other people around . 
  i would say about half of my job advancements have come from a new employer ( i 'm in it . ), 
  i 've been offered management jobs , but do n't like them . 
  i make a good living . 
   but , the benefit is most people have time for family . 
  but , are n't fewer europeans having families ? 
  embrace the suck . 
  lol yes , the us is fatter than the uk . 
  which is fatter than almost everyone else . 
  what would you do without us ? 
  face your own problems ? 
  ( it 's funny , but when people point out the us is fat , you never hear `` but , < other country  is fatter ! '' ), 
  you call ** that ** fat ? 
  wot ? 
  the cooking ? 
  and that is specifically what is being rejected by this latest eu action . 
  as an american , i am all in favor of the eu cleaning up their tax laws . 
  us corporate income tax is so high that companies park huge amounts of money offshore . 
  apple alone is sitting on about $ 200 billion of profits that they refuse to repatriate , to avoid paying the tax . 
  well , not in this context . 
  as each country has its own tax code , the multinationals have gotten very good at leveraging the difference to minimize tax load . 
  so , its not really a single market . 
  from an it perspective , localisation into the various languages is very expensive . 
  would a company pull out of germany ? 
  of course not . 
  but , would they pull out of , say , estonia ? 
  that is a possibility . 
  ok thank you, 
  why is it not in cyrillic ? 
  i 'm not sure that sweden has higher taxes than the us . 
  why do you have to get insulting ? 
  no , i am not `` too lazy to read . '', 
  i read it , and it is incorrect . 
  the us flies drones in lots of places , and does not need to go through rammstein to do it .
