  people have [ drank glasses of the stuff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eypujxm4ibo ) ( its 99 % sand and water ) . 
  it is protecting the wellshaft as it passes through the water table that is the issue . 
  `` interventionism '' means intervening . 
  yes , we intervene a lot . 
  the three us interventions in europe in the 20th century are good examples . 
   they do n't have the interventionist ideas that russian and the us have shown in the last years . 
  please point to a country that the us has taken over in the last , let 's say , 50 years . 
  taken over in the way that china invaded and took over tibet . 
  are you sure we do n't need to teach you some history ? 
  did not say you were . 
  i made an effort to find a source that was not partisan political in favor of fracking . 
  did you notice that the energyindepth link was to a 1965 document ? 
  did you notice that the enrgyindepth link was to a primary document from 1965 ? 
  i even went to the trouble of finding a left-wing site for you . 
  i do not get the impression that you are interested in evidence . 
  a country that china invaded in 1951 , and has since brutally repressed . 
   soon to be appointed us . 
  ambassador to the eu no one has been nominated for that job . 
  trump had a meeting with malloch , but has not nominated him . 
  one thing we know about trump : he says lots of shit . 
  i pay very little attention to his posturing , and just watch what he actually does . 
  my opinion is that this is all just lead up to trying to get a more equitable tarrif structure with european countries . 
  prize-winning documentary ? 
  sorry , that is what you consider supporting evidence ? 
  daily kos is a very left wing site http://www.dailykos.com/story/2013/7/7/1221731/-fact-checking-josh-fox-gasland-2-oil-gas-industry-not-exempt-from-clean-air-clean-water-acts so , there will be a trial . 
  has there been a decision ? 
  i would refer you back to the link you posted . 
  also , you need to read up on the causes of the spanish-american war and the tripartite convention of 1899 . 
  you really do n't seem to be very well informed as to the subject . 
  not even at a basic wikipedia level . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2011/03/07/dont-be-swayed-by-faucets-on-fire-and-other-anti-fracking-propaganda/#fda5ca025e0b https://www.michigancapitolconfidential.com/19050 http://energyindepth.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/problems-associated-with-natural-gas-in-michigan-1965.pdf, 
  kleptocrat ( and upvote ), 
  i 'd just be happy if they dropped their import tariff on us cars down to match the us tariff on german cars . 
  but , i suppose you ca n't let the proles have 700hp . 
   that trump and his staff clearly attacked the eu . 
  i missed that . 
  details ? 
   suez crisis . 
  well , that was more like everyone in the world , vs the brits , french , and israelis . 
   most americans are less educated about american foreign history than foreigners i 've found . 
  speak for yourself . 
  how many of those were in defense of ( and in conjunction with ) an ally ? 
  ask a tibetan . 
   the world 's biggest terrorist organization for future reference , this is where is stopped reading . 
  well , i 'll be honest . 
  i think you are a loon , who believes what they want to believe , even in the face of evidence and common sense . 
  one strong indicator of this is your need to turn this into a condemntation of americans , and what we term `` shit-dumping '' of unrelated grievances . 
  as such , i do n't see any way we can have a meaningful conversation . 
  if you have no problems with russia , why am i paying taxes to provide for your defense ? 
  the rest of your post is just weird hullcinations . 
  no , the us did not `` lure the soviet union '' into afghanistan . 
  the idea that the us had that power is just paranoia . 
  yes , we helped overthrow an iranian government , in concert with the british . 
  no , we did not create the taliban . 
  no , we did not create isis . 
  no , hussein was not put in power by the us . 
  the us had nothing at all to do with the ba'ath party , and hussein 's primary sponsor and weapons source was the soviet union . 
  no , the us never supported bin laden . 
  where do you get your distorted views of history ? 
  whatever , its wrong . 
  sorry , i got my threads crossed . 
  um , no , you can not blame your problems with russia and violent islmaic extremism on the us . 
  the first is a purely european problem , the second is the result of european colonialism in the middle east . 
   with the exception of battling christian crusaders , most muslims had little to do with the west . 
  in fact , ottoman turkey , the dominant islamic power in the 16th century , viewed the west with what islam expert bernard lewis , in his book islam and the west , calls `` amused disdain '' for its inferior culture and religion . 
   by the 17th century , however , as the west achieved military superiority , lewis writes that the tone shifted to `` alarmed dislike . '', 
  by 1769 , the russians handed the turks their first sound defeat , pointing to a new and difficult road ahead for islam . 
  instead of conquering , the muslims were conquered . 
   the empire soon unraveled . 
  in 1798 , napoleon bonaparte led his expedition into egypt . 
  in 1830 , the french seized algeria . 
  nine years later , the british coopted aden ( modern yemen ) . 
  in 1881 , the french occupied tunisia , and in 1882 the english tightened their grip on egypt . 
  in 1911 , russia captured parts of persia . 
  that same year , italy announced the annexation of tripoli , leading to the eventual creation of the modern state of libya . 
  in 1912 , the french extended their influence to morocco . 
  by the end of world war i , the ottoman empire had lost the middle east , as france and england carved up the muslim empire as spoils of war . 
  the muslim world could do little more than look on helplessly . 
   but the most painful western penetration into the islamic world was undoubtedly the establishment of the state of israel in 1948 . 
  to the embarrassment of the muslim world , a unified front of arab armies lost a bitter war to the newly formed country of only 600,000 jews . 
  probably . 
  but , rumor has it that they have all sorts of back-doors , and do n't need to really front side hack that much . 
  someone i know well ( have to be vague ) who works for the government was having wifi problems at home . 
  i reviewed the logs , and he was getting hammered with connection attempts from a certain large asian country . 
  `` i '' created ? 
  no , i do n't think isis are the ones who are constantly tryng to hack systems in the us . 
  and , i read security logs . 
  if you know anyone in it security , ask them . 
  we all know who it is , we see the ip addresses , and know where they are registered . 
  lol us defence of europe agaisnt enemies , internal and external = existential threat, 
  if there was a swimming pool in the middle , i would need to buy one . 
  you know , i 'm surprised there is no such show . 
  huge number of different country 's folktales to mine there . 
  could be some cool conflicts between the evil of different cultures , against each other . 
   the wall thing is still unamerican except that it exists today . 
  hell , seen mexico 's wall on the guatamalan border ? 
  seen europe 's walls ? 
  border control is serious business these days , especially for wealthy countries sharing borders with failed states . 
  no , the us is not overrun with white supremecists . 
  i play it down because i refuse to give them the attention they crave .
