  why ? 
  i believe that every one of those is also a reason for free healthcare in the us . 
  < checks  possibly not post-natal care . 
  [ depends on the state ] ( http://library.niwap.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/pdf/pb-man-ch17.4-prenatalcare.pdf ) you guys really do n't understand us healthcare . 
  that 's ok , neither do we . 
  i think he fancies her . 
  you mean when you get out of the pool , and are shivering with cold by the time you grab a towel , just from the evaporation ? 
  i truly hate super low humidity . 
  20c is where red starts it is a very pleasant 25c outside now . 
  almost perfect weather . 
  now , are you talking sydney summer , or parramatta ? 
  ( lived in balmain ), 
  well , just read this thread . 
  i am aware of brexit , and understand that the uk might not be fulfilling some european political ideal , but i still think the uk is european . 
  i only raise the ethnic mix in the us to point out that the percentage that has direct ties to europe is not that large , and is falling every year . 
  the subset that has direct ties to the uk is even smaller . 
  i am curious about ireland , though . 
  are they more `` european '' than the uk ? 
  i suspect you are looking for an argument i am not interested in having . 
  cheers !, 
  devil 's advocate is useful , as it gives us a structure for the conversation . 
  if you are making a case for why the uk is not `` european , '' i am not convinced . 
  why ? 
  at the bottom of it all is that your arguments seem to fall into two groups . 
  one , that the history and culture of the uk is unique in europe . 
  and secondly , that you feel more in common with the rest of the anglosphere . 
  ( i am cautious about putting words in anothers ' mouth , so please tell me if i got that wrong . ), 
  now , this disregards issues like geographical europe , which i still say is important . 
  i suppose my responses , boiled down , would be that english is the shared language of europe . 
  and that almost every european country has a strong bond with it 's former colonies . 
  turning it around , i do n't feel the us is british at all . 
  there is a strong british influence on our history , but since then we have diverged in very fundamental ways . 
  almost 20 % of the us is hispanic , for instance , which is a huge cultural influence that the uk does not have . 
  another 13 % is african american , again , unknown in the uk . 
  the huge waves if immigration from other european countries have also changed us . 
  ( similar history in canada . ), 
  i understand that you do not feel european , but most of your reasons seem based on linguistic comfort . 
  i think any european feels that distance from other europeans . 
  in fact , as english is the shared tongue , i believe that other european countries feel it more . 
  does a frenchman feel un-european ? 
  do you think they have more of what you list as ties , to a german ? 
  estonian ? 
  yet , they see all three countries as european . 
  interesting counterpoint : do other european countries consider the uk european ? 
  edit : i note you are careful to refer to the `` mainland . '', 
  is ireland a european country ? 
  do the irish consider themselves european ? 
  welcome to the conversation . 
  as the topic is : is the uk a european country , may i take it that you would disagree ? 
  well , i listed all the reasons that i ( and , i have to add , the rest of the world ) say that the uk is a european country . 
  you argued with those reasons , but none of those arguments are unique to the uk . 
  all the other european countries speak different languages , all the other european countries are on the eurasian plate , etc. . actually , english is effectively the common tongue of europe , as [ a majority of europeans speak it . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language_in_europe ) . 
   someone who is clearly a native english speaker oh , i 'm not actually a native english speaker , although i learned very young . 
  italian was my first language . 
   so much of history centres around conflict between the british isles and the mainland yes , your history is that of every other european country , alternating alliances and wars for hundreds of years . 
  except portugal . 
  stayed allied with them for a very long time . 
   colonies of millions of people trying to put distance between themselves and europe etc. 
  yes , almost all the european countries had colonies across the world . 
  and colonialism is another thing that is shared by almost every european country . 
  ( did n't think of that before . ), 
  again , the only part i find interesting is why you resist this idea of being a european country so much . 
  if not european , what is the uk ? 
  unique ? 
   what bewilders me is how you think we 're all so similar and yet a country like the united states is so different . 
  your outlook , that the uk is so like the rest of europe , but that the us is supremely different utterly bewilders me . 
  at what point did we start talking about the us ? 
  i missed that , completely . 
  anyway , its a bad comparison . 
   as far as i am concerned the us is as least as similar to the uk as the uk is to france , and perhaps even more similar . 
  again , when did that enter into the conversation of whether or not the uk was a european country ? 
  is that what this is all about ? 
  you are comparing the us to the uk ? 
  and . . ( ok , not really following ) . . your point is that the uk is not a euroepan country , but is really more like the us ? 
  did i mention that i have lived in various european countries ( including the uk ) , as well as the us ? 
  ok , i am really taken aback at the rather sudden turn this has taken . 
  but , does n't really change the view of the world , that the uk is a european country . 
  ( i am really trying to figure our how the us entered in to this . 
  oh , and not all of the us uses common law , by the way . 
  and while english is the dominant language , the us has more native spanish speakers than spain . ), 
  ok , you managed to blind side me with that one . 
  all day , i thought we were having one conversation about the uk , and you were talking about the us ? 
  are you ** sure ** we speak the same language ? 
  sorry , but i do n't want to argue with you about this . 
  briefly : government : parliamentary system relation betwen people and state : ther is no equivalent to small government . 
  europeans have expectations of their governmetn that are uniquely european . 
  shared history : europeans fought each other for centuries . 
  you histories are all intertwined . 
  shared artisitc tradition : no , you very clearly do not have the same music , arts , or literary traditions as other cultures . 
  shared religious history : christianity is basically a european invention , both catholic and protestant . 
  current religious views : no , the similarities in europe far outweigh any differences . 
  europe is almost uniquely non-religious in the world . 
  similiar economies : relations between government and business , regulatory philosophies , and banking systems . 
  propinquity : england is only 30 miles from france . 
  with a tunnel in between . 
  you basically share a border . 
  i do n't know what your point is . 
  you say you are not european . 
  fine , that is your decision . 
  but , to the rest of the world , the uk will always be considerd a european country .
