  so , it does appear that i could `` commute '' from new york . 
  son , rude and ignorant is no way to succeed in life . 
  better to learn that now , than pay for it later . 
  at any point , did you think to read the linked article ? 
   the european court of justice ( ecj ) - legally ruled that workers who fall ill on holiday may claim back annual leave from their employers . 
  ** they also ruled that time taken to travel to and from work at the beginning and end of each day should count as working time under the law . 
  ** i await your apology with very low expectations . 
  children frequently resort to insult when they do n't understand something . 
  `` europe 's highest court has ruled that time taken to travel to work should count as work . '', 
  so , yes , the entire point of the whole thread is that people will get paid for their daily commute . 
  commuting . 
  if i live in the us , and commute to paris , the extra pay would offset the airfare . 
  seems very smart . 
  i like it . 
  reminds me of this : to foreigners , a yankee is an american . 
  to americans , a yankee is a northerner . 
  to easterners , a yankee is a new englander . 
  to new englanders , a yankee is a vermonter . 
  and in vermont , a yankee is somebody who eats pie for breakfast, 
   nazi germany and soviet russia `` collaborated closely '' molotov-ribbentrop pact , anyone ? 
  german -- soviet commercial agreement ( 1939 ? 
  in the event of a territorial and political rearrangement in the areas belonging to the baltic states ( finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania ) , the northern boundary of lithuania shall represent the boundary of the spheres of influence of germany and the u.s.s.r. 
  in this connection the interest of lithuania in the vilna area is recognized by each party . 
  in the event of a territorial and political rearrangement of the areas belonging to the polish state the spheres of influence of germany and the u.s.s.r. shall be bounded approximately by the line of the rivers narew , vistula , and san . 
   the question of whether the interests of both parties make desirable the maintenance of an independent polish state and how such a state should be bounded can only be definitely determined in the course of further political developments . 
   in any event both governments will resolve this question by means of a friendly agreement . 
  with regard to southeastern europe attention is called by the soviet side to its interest in bessarabia . 
  the german side declares its complete political disinterestedness in these areas . 
   the secret protocol shall be treated by both parties as strictly secret i love that last sentence . 
  simple question for you , then : did the soviet union invade poland in 1939 ? 
  but cherokee was only one of the many , many tribes . 
  yeah , it is a bit awkward . 
  just do n't call us all yanks , bit of an insult to most of the country . 
  irish . 
  i will use less big words , then . 
  ( almost said smaller )  i have an irish passport , somewhere around here . 
  grandparents from cork . 
  yup . 
  as i said , both uk and us do n't have a good word for their citizenry . 
  canada has provinces , or we could be middle american states . 
  no one likes my suggestion of usians . 
  lol i like that . 
  and between them , the al sea ? 
  what , the british isles ? 
  what would they call it ? 
  sounds like something good for yelling . 
  get back home for supper !, 
  will the scots accept it ? 
  oh , get a sense of humor . 
  what the hell is it with some of you brits ? 
  - proud usian, 
  uknational ? 
  seems bit long . 
  i 'll just shorten that to ukian . 
  ( pronounced ook-ian ), 
  but ireland is part of the british isles , right ? 
  i am having a laugh . 
  us and uk both have no accurate word to describe their citizenry . 
  so , the irish are `` british ? '', 
  i like it . 
  what do ** you ** call someone from the uk ? 
  edit : people get angry when i call them ukians . 
  yes , i think there was some translation error . 
  yes , and the linked article refers to that . 
  i think a lot was lost in translation . 
   in the revised compilations , turkey 's lead as the world 's largest flour exporting country was emphasized . 
  that nation was projected to account for shipments of 4,650,000 tonnes in wheat equivalent , against 4,550,000 in 2015-16 and 3,531,000 in 2014-15 . 
  accounting for 31 % of global export trade in wheat flour , turkey has held the lead since 2012-13 . 
  prior to that , it vied with kazakhstan for first place as a flour shipper . 
  [ world-grain . com ] ( http://www.world-grain.com/articles/news_home/world_grain_news/2016/05/global_flour_exports_to_reach.aspx?id=%7b0be742cf-0ea8-4431-b19a-55ecdce36984%7d&amp;cck=1 ), 
  no , i probably would not find your `` reasons '' to be compelling . 
  just being honest . 
  the us does a lot of stuff . 
  good stuff , bad stuff , mostly good . 
  but , countries that do n't do anything , never do anything bad . 
  the phrase `` peanut gallery '' does come to mind . 
  well , he campaigned as a socialist , but that was just a convenient label . 
  true . 
  i have irish citizenship through my grandparents , and i have learned not to mention it in front of any irish . 
  it seems to annoy them . 
  my mother was english . 
  i know . 
   and it is obviously tea first . 
  carrots !? 
  you are literally worse than hitler . 
  the best way to brew tea is to replace the water with gatorade . 
  how did that make you feel ? 
  everyone is entitled to their opinion , even stupid ones like that . 
  i honestly think you need to suck it up . 
  i 'm from the us . 
  we get ragged on multiple times per day . 
  i 'm not saying that some of it is n't deserved , but it is constant . 
  i 've heard terrible shit from euros about my country . 
  it 's reddit , and that is part of reddit . 
  quit whining , grow a pair , and live with it . 
  careful . 
  that type of thinking will make you a cynic . 
  like i said , completely corrupt . 
  i could almost live with that , if she was competent . 
  but , as my grandfather ( part of the [ chicago machine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_machine ) ) used to say , `` there is a big difference between a corrupt government that picks up the trash , and one that does n't . '',
