  and you think we enforce a law about ice cream cones in the back pocket ? 
  ah , got it . 
  you 're right , it does produce some funny laws . 
   on good friday , the beginning of the four-day easter weekend , it will be illegal to dance in public in 13 out of the 16 states in germany , with the remaining three enforcing a partial ban during the day . 
   some states take the religious festival more seriously than others , with the strictest states being baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and bavaria in the south . 
   in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg there is a three-day long ban from maundy thursday until easter saturday . 
   in bavaria over a four day period from the previous wednesday to easter saturday dancing is only permitted in a two hour window . 
  any kind of music is strictly forbidden in public places . 
  i have to admit , i do n't get it . 
  over 20 % without counting the brits , even . 
  i lived there back in the 90 's , so was one of 'em . 
  nato is just the us , and some political cover . 
  i hate to agree with his trump-ness , but the idea of having countries that we defend pay the cost is not the stupidest one around . 
  it would rein in our military-industrial complex , and bring some balance to the world . 
  true , but plenty of kardashian coverage . 
  i 've been reading the guardian for about 5 years . 
  it has seriously gone down-hill . 
  well , colonialism is bad . 
  swedes prefer fjords, 
  3.4 % of the irish population is from outside the eu http://www.cso.ie/en/releasesandpublications/er/pme/populationandmigrationestimatesapril2015/, 
  would you be surprised that the us has a higher immigrant population ? 
  i think he is saying that german law is best law , and us law is bad law . 
  i think we could have a spirited discussion over that . 
  would that make residents of the united kingdom , ukonians ? 
  keep pedalling . 
  cruz is a scary religious zealot . 
  all the people scared of trump should really be scared of cruz . 
  trump is a populist , but cruz is a true believer . 
  oh , and jeb bush believes in evolution . 
  said so back in 2005 . 
  he is a catholic , not an evangelical christian . 
  so , maybe next time you will check the facts ** before ** you start insulting everyone ? 
  well , i ca n't help your projections . 
  i like it . 
  and yes , oo-sians . 
  also allows me to makes jokes about ukians ( oo-kians ) , especially as there is no collective noun for citizens of the uk . 
  so , tl : dr do n't give a fuck what you think . 
  i 've never actually seen a statement from trump on evolution , but i was n't voting for him anyway . 
  bu , which is it ? 
  are half of us voters brain damaged , or retarded ? 
  look , it 's obvious you have no idea what is going on in the us election . 
  so , continue to look like the silly little kid , or take time to learn . 
  it 's very fascinating . 
  i use that term a lot . 
  `` american '' is rather vague , and excludes other north and south americans . 
  has n't caught on yet , but i am hopeful . 
   50 % of voting americans have damaged brains . 
  well , that would be about 120 million people . 
  either they are all brain damaged , or you are a child who replaces discourse with insult . 
  i know which i think is more likely . 
  nigel farage ? 
  only by brits . 
  usians consider the uk to be part of europe . 
  sorry , its your union , and they are part of it . 
  lol is there anything you do in europe that is not compared to the us ? 
  is that really what you sit around all day and do ? 
  and then you accuse us of exceptionalism . 
  what will europe do the day that the us decides to leave ? 
  who will you have to use an an excuse for your problems ? 
  are you even capable of discussing issues in europe without dragging irrelevant ( and unassociated ) us issues into it ? 
  you accuse us of exceptionalism , but it seems that you are obsessed with us . 
  well , if the canadians keep sending us women as smart and attractive as the ones my two close friends married , it is we who are the lucky ones . 
  we are blessed to have such good neighbors . 
  we remember . 
   outside of the ideologically homogeneous press ? 
  reference ? 
   as he admits so , not '' subversive '' at all . 
  do n't blame us for people who agree with us , or who feel it is in the interest of their country to share goals . 
  sorry about that . 
  comment deleted . 
  is socialmatter.net a member of the respectable press ? 
  i am not familiar with them . 
  off to take look at who they are . 
  hmm , it appears to be a blog by one hadley bishop . 
  can not find any journalist by that name . 
   your country conquered half of europe in 1945 , and the rest in 1991 . 
  european leadership is thoroughly americanized . 
  i think that would be rejected by any usian or european . 
  yes , we conquered half of europe . 
  but then we gave it back to the people . . we have this weird habit of doing that . 
   your country subversively interferes in domestic european affairs subversively ? 
  no , we try to influence countries in our favor quite openly . 
  it is called diplomacy . 
  long tradition of it . 
  you massively , massively overstate the influence the us has on europe , and the interest the us has in europe . 
  both are continuing to drop , over time . 
  lol one of the reasons i am looking forward to moving back to florida is all my canadian friends there . 
  a perfect example of a completely unsourced article . 
  i tried to find the numbers from the uk gov sites , but they do n't seem to have them . 
  the short story they should have read is called [ `` harrison bergeron . 
  '' ] ( http://www.tnellen.com/cybereng/harrison.html ), 
  on the plus side , the us has n't had to intervene militarily in europe for 17 years . 
  so , we got that going for us . 
  which is nice . 
  if that is a birth year , we are the same age . 
  and yes , it is mind boggling . 
  but , europe is still feeling the after effects of ww2 . 
  they honestly do not think that people can be trusted to hear hateful speech , and not act on it . 
  i thought the exact same thing . 
  sorry , british cousins , but when you criminalise rude comments , everyone loses .
