  it is the opinion that i find interesting . 
  oh , `` official '' confirmation . 
  well , governments say what they want , and when they want to say it . 
  is n't that basically what happened in cologne on new year 's ? 
  i have to say , from the outside , it is impossible to tell what is going on . 
  half the media in europe is saying that they are welcoming refugees , and the other half that they are rejecting migrants . 
  it seems to be a very right-left issue . 
  we have our own similar issues , of course . 
  damn canucks !, 
  ( joking ), 
   the uk is really another us state in many ways . 
  again , from the outside , it looks different . 
  president obama does not seem to like the british nearly as much as his predecessor . 
  ( his kenyan father probably has something to do with that . ), 
  it has been my experience ( and that of the people i have asked ) that as long as one is not a loud american , continental europeans are very welcoming to americans . 
  i 've lived in the uk , italy , and france for a little while . 
  travelled as much as i can . 
  i have always had wonderful experiences , have never been afraid to say i was american , and found people to be incredibly understanding when i do terrible things trying to speak the language . 
  well , in it that is certainly the truth . 
  about 50 % of the people i work with are not originally from the us . 
  not my place to criticise , but if things were the other way , i would hope the us would make some effort to reduce the flow . 
  well , that 's fair . 
  on behalf of your future family , wtf !, 
  no , its an honest question . 
  as long as you are here legally , yes , you get excellent assistance and benefits . 
  http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/what-public-benefits-can-green-card-holder-receive.html edit : a-a-a-nd downvoted . 
  please , do not let that scare you off . 
  if you are not actively engaged in criminal activity , the homicide rate in the us is about like the rest of the western world . 
  ( and far lower than russia . ), 
  we have a few russians at work ( it company ) . 
  guy next to me was from sst . 
  kind of quiet , had a family . 
  guy in the next group , do n't know where he was from , but he is the most american guy i know !, 
  owns lots of guns , drives a big truck , etc. . 
  anyway , in the it world , russians have a good reputation . 
  a lot comes from the excellent education , a lot is just hard work . 
  i would advise you not to choose an ethnically russian area . 
  unfortunately , those happen to have a lot of crime . 
  well , it is n't from paying more to the professors . 
  :( the cost of university education in the us has been climbing much faster than inflation . 
  most seems to go the administrative layer , with various deans of diversity and indignation . 
  the other reason is that the federal government guarantees these loans . 
  so , as more money is made available , the universities increase tuition to absorb it all . 
  you can still get a very good university education for very little money . 
  there is a lot of grant and scholarship money available , too . 
  it 's the big-name schools that charge the most . 
  i went to school in the 80 's , and at that time you could actually still work your way through university . 
  absolutely can not do that now . 
  i think that 's a good summation . 
  hard to top la marseillaise for musical value . 
  the melody is from an old british drinking song . 
  or , just do n't believe everything you read on wikipedia . 
  well , its different . 
  there is whether the government can prevent you speaking , or whether you have to accept responsibility for the results of your speech . 
  in fact , there is no law against yelling fire in a theater . 
  `` i 'm going to kill these people . '', 
  is also not illegal , unless there is reason to believe it is a credible and immediate threat . 
  the only time that the government can prevent speech ( enjoin ) would be matters of national security ( which is whatever they want , sometimes . ), 
  as i say , the specter of hitler still looms large over europe . 
  i think that people do n't kill because of something they read on facebook , unless they were inclined toward killing any way . 
  it is not the fault of the facebook poster , but of the person who killed someone . 
  the specter of hitler looms very large over europe , still . 
   in the netherlands we have freedom of speech , but this is limited when you incite hate in the us , that sentence just sounds so odd . 
  if only acceptable speech is `` free '' then speech is not `` free . '', 
  whatever works for you is obviously your country 's business. , but it just looks/sounds odd to us . 
  that 'll buff right out . 
  the guardian tried to influence a us election once . 
  it was as funny as you would think . 
  it 's like someone tried to make a funny movie with as many european stereotypes as they could find or invent , and somehow succeeded . 
  oh , the discussion could be fascinating , i just do n't think you are actually interested . 
  i get teh impression your interest is just to tell me that sweden is `` better '' than the us . 
  i find such conversations boring . 
  no , that was merely me being polite . 
  as no evidence was presented , i thought we were just exchanging opinions, 
  there is an fascinating discussion to be had there , but unfortunately you strike me as someone more interested in asserting superiority than actually discussing the issue . 
  i could be wrong , in which case i apologize , but i do n't really have any interest in arguing beliefs . 
  i just gave the numbers from the delta dental brochure ( they are the largest dental insurer in the us ) . 
   total population is almost always irrelevant . 
  most things scale pretty well . 
  i disagree with that opinion . 
  i think i said a couple of times that i was speaking only for myself . 
  and yes , i spent significant portions of my life without health insurance . 
  hell , less than 10 years ago the only work i could find was delivering restaurant meals . 
  did that 7 days a week for a year . 
  so , do n't assume you know me , or my life . 
  well , no . 
   we have much larger cities , a wider demographic , and some sub-cultures that just are n't very good about staying healthy . 
  i think that a smaller , homogeneous population is better at exerting societal pressure . 
  well , we are a large country with a large population . 
  sweden has a population of 9.5 million . 
  that is less than the number of people in my state ( north carolina ) . 
  the us , by population , is about 34x as large . 
  so yes , we have different needs , and different requirements than you . 
  edit : really , downvoted ? 
  why , because my state has more people in it than sweden ? 
  well , we suck at that sort of thing , as is evident by the crap-fest that is medicare and medicaid . 
  you know , we spend more public money per capita on healthcare than canada ? 
  i wonder if they would be interested in expanding out to the us ? 
  its hard to compare a large country with a small one . 
  i think our problem is access to care , not the care itself , and the ever-growing cost of administration .
