  but , the tobacco companies were not actively deceiving people . 
  did n't say it was all muslim , at all . 
  europe has a long history of anti-semitism . 
  civil suits are for awarding damages , and regulatory penalties . 
  however , some civil suits can be for enjoinment purposes ( in this case , stopping vw from selling cars with the `` defeat device . '' ), 
  as well as civil fines and penalties . 
  it is possible that criminal charges could be filed against specific individuals , but not very likely . 
  but , this is all between vw and the us government . 
  once it has been legally established that vw knowingly and deliberately sold vehicles that can not pass us emissions , then individuals who have suffered financial harm can file civil action for recompense . 
  tl : dr fines get paid to government , damages get paid to people . 
  two separate cases . 
  its two different cases . 
  the us government will impose penalties for intentionally circumventing the regulations . 
  the class action civil suit , for personal damages , is a separate legal issue entirely . 
  edit : made wording more accurate . 
  there are different teams researching different approaches : magnetic confinement , electrostatic confinement , hybrid , etc. . after a long period of nothing much happening , we are seeing real progress being made . 
  but , produce more energy than consumed ? 
  already happening . 
  good to see so many different groups with different approaches to fusion power making real progress . 
  edit : downvoted by luddite . 
  we have way better technology than that . 
  god , i hate those fucking things . 
  nasty , ill-tempered , crapping everywhere . 
  any fine imposed will be dwarfed by the class-action lawsuit . 
  antisemitic attacks in uk at highest level ever recorded http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/05/antisemitic-attacks-uk-community-security-trust-britain-jewish-population, 
  irritable sea bass ? 
  not quite the onion , but funny , nonetheless . 
   belote had to look that up . 
  similar to whist . 
  fun card game . 
  different issue . 
  i 'm specifically asking about the opinions of non-uk europeans regarding the perceived similarity between the us and uk . 
  ok , i understand that . 
  thank you . 
  ok , this is the type of thing i am looking for , thank you . 
  not really what i was looking for . 
  thank you anyway . 
  well , people want to work in the us , and us corporations want them to . 
  as he is talking about `` brain drain '' i do n't really think this is the same thing as what disney is doing to their it staff . 
  and , in 7 years , that bankruptcy disappears . 
  opinion is what i am looking for , thank you . 
  well , he is sweden 's asshole , now . 
  ok , i think i see what you are saying . 
  it was my understanding that the government in the uk up until last may was a conservative/liberal democrat coalition , though . 
  but i also understand this is not that common , there . 
  um , is n't the uk a multi-party system ? 
  i looked at that account . 
  been here a long time . 
  no , we are unacquainted members of the monkey family . 
  i actually am / u/thenaughtymonkey . 
  i am actually interested in the view of non-uk europeans on this issue . 
  thanks though . 
  ok , that 's the sort of thing i was looking for . 
  thank you, 
  ok , so you are saying that these are social similarities that europe sees between the us and uk ? 
  this is the type of impression that i am looking for . 
  thank you . 
  edit : did n't see the flair . 
  sorry , i 'm interested in the views of non-uk europeans on this particular question . 
  not sure i get it , but are you saying that european countries have general agreement as a goal , and the us and uk have something else ? 
  that is not my question . 
  i am curious about the views from the rest of europe . 
  i am not implying anything . 
  i am just curious . 
  just being polite to our observant overlords . 
  i 'm actually more interested in the views of other countries . 
  i 've lived in uk , us , and australia . 
  ( and italy , and france . ), 
  i have no respect for someone who takes on debt , and then runs away from paying it . 
  after reading the article , what strikes me is how young most of them are , and all the excuses they give . 
  do you mean london ? 
  and can you give examples of why ? 
  sorry , but can you be more specific ? 
   actually , professors in the usa make much more . 
  i was comparing the percentage of tuition going toward teacher salaries vs administration in the us , over time . 
  [ new york times ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/05/opinion/sunday/the-real-reason-college-tuition-costs-so-much.html )  interestingly , increased spending has not been going into the pockets of the typical professor . 
  salaries of full-time faculty members are , on average , barely higher than they were in 1970 . 
  moreover , while 45 years ago 78 percent of college and university professors were full time , today half of postsecondary faculty members are lower-paid part-time employees , meaning that the average salaries of the people who do the teaching in american higher education are actually quite a bit lower than they were in 1970 . 
   by contrast , a major factor driving increasing costs is the constant expansion of university administration . 
  according to the department of education data , administrative positions at colleges and universities grew by 60 percent between 1993 and 2009 , which bloomberg reported was 10 times the rate of growth of tenured faculty positions . 
   even more strikingly , an analysis by a professor at california polytechnic university , pomona , found that , while the total number of full-time faculty members in the c.s.u. 
  system grew from 11,614 to 12,019 between 1975 and 2008 , the total number of administrators grew from 3,800 to 12,183 -- a 221 percent increase . 
   five eyes i had honestly not heard of that program before . 
  thank you . 
  this is very good information anecdotal is fine . 
  i just want to get a sort of overall impression , anyway . 
  i 'm finding this thread very interesting . 
  can you give specifics ? 
  interesting . 
  thank you . 
  drinking habits ? 
  ok , that is not one i have heard . 
  could you explain ? 
  well , its divorce court . 
  and it 's a tv show . 
  yes , getting divorced in the us sucks for the guy . 
  but , there is always that chance that you do n't get divorced ? 
  i was looking for specifics . 
  not so much the uk and us foreign policies , but more culturally . 
  i am not agreeing or disagreeing .
