  firstly , i am not voting for trump . 
  just so you know . 
  you have to look at this from a us context , not a european one . 
  for instance , in europe all the media has a stated political view : left , right , middle , whatever . 
  in the us , the media claims to be objective . 
  one of the things we have learned from all the email dumps is that many supposedly impartial journalists are actively working to support one candidate . 
  so , you do n't get a complete picture . 
  but , let 's look at some of the examples you give . 
  the wall - the us already has [ most of that wall ] ( http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/styles/tw_image_9_4/public/46645_article_full.jpg?itok=f5i4djmc&amp;resize=1260x560 ) built . 
  trump just says he will ( somehow ) make mexico pay for it . 
  accept a loss - well , that is just politics . 
  there are a lot of people today who still say that gore won the 2000 election . 
  and , again looking at the emails , there is plenty of evidence that the clinton campaign actively worked to suppress votes for sanders in the primary . 
  disrespecting veterans because of religion - this is probably where euroepean views are most relatable , as europe has its own internal struggle with how to handle the risk of violent islamic immigrants . 
  clinton - clinton is the most establishment ( and most corrupt ) candidate we have seen in years . 
  the democratic party , the media , and lots of dc insiders have all collluded to get her into office . 
  67 % of the country sees her as dishonest , and a liar . 
  she is the subject of 5 seperate fbi investigations , currently , from deliberately ignoring rules about handling classified documents to influence peddling . 
  i do n't know who would be the equivalent in europe as famously corrupt , but think of that person , running against berlosconi ( who is pretty close to who trump is . ), 
  the other problem clinton has is that , while experienced , it is all bad experience . 
  her signature action as secretary of state , the one she pushed the hardest personally , was the debacle in libya . 
  in 8 years as senator , she sponsored 3 bills that became law : naming a post office , creating a holiday , and renaming a road . 
  her successor , kristen gillibrand , has sponsored 68 bills that have become laws , in the same time period . 
  no one is voting for trump . 
  well , some are , but it is n't even half of his voters . 
  they are voting agsint clinton . 
  i draw a direct line from mitt romney to donald trump . 
  mitt romney was a competant , very honest , very moderate , technocratic republican . 
  and he was branded as literally worse than hitler in the last election . 
  so , i think , a lot of voters on the right decided that a nice candidate was n't going to get anywhere , so they back trump . 
  to understand the election , you have to drop the assumption that everyone in the us is stupid . 
  and , ask yourself this : for trump to be the preferable candidate for president , how bad must clinton be ? 
  well , people who respect the flag do not wear it as clothing , so anyone wearing it as clothing is already telling you that they are not super-patriotic . 
  i know the word patriotism has a hugely negative connotation in europe , but it does not in the us . 
  no , he would not be serious . 
  i wish euros actually understood what this election is about . 
  basically , it is a rejection of an entitled , completely corrupt candidate , supported actively by a compliant press . 
  even most trump voters say that they are not voting for trump , but against clinton . 
  this is what reform looks like in a 2 party system : ugly . 
  eur 0.1 per kwh in raleigh , nc ( $ 0.11 per kwh ) nuclear , if it matters . 
  the turbines in question are built by ge . 
  as long as general electric can keep selling them expensive solutions , i 'm all for it . 
  we have a huge amount of private sector r&d . to put it in context , darpa ( the defense department 's official r&d arm ) has a budget of only 3 billion . 
  ibm 's r&d budget is double that . 
  intel is about $ 11 billion , microsoft is about $ 12 b , google $ 11b , amazon $ 10.5 b , etc. . 
  in case anyone wonders , us was 2.73 % in 2013, 
  tl : dr germans do not have passive aggression , only aggressive aggression . 
  ( joke , please . ), 
  mrs. clinton will most likely win the election . 
  by this time , next year , you will understand why that does not make most of the us happy . 
  i have referred to brits as european , and was told that only meant continental europeans . 
  oddly , it is the british who most resist being called european . 
  even more confusing from the outside . 
  i still consider the uk to be a european country , but that word ( european ) seems to have many different meanings , depending on context . 
  my photo had more doors . 
  no idea what you are saying . 
  [ view of russia from alaska ] ( http://www-tc.pbs.org/harriman/images/log/heacox_images/22_diomede_island.jpg ) they are only 3.9 km apart . 
  i have a memory of numa numa ( chuuby kid lip syncing , right ? 
  ) , no idea on sax guy , and < after looking up  very dim memory of tranistria war . 
  was n't that one of thsoe where no one really won , but a lot of people died ? 
  sorry , but that 's about it . 
  but , these days , not being in the news can only be a good thing , right ? 
   then again there is the complete lack of testing for gmos in the usa well , the fda does not test , but there have been scores of private and academic tests . 
  us loves canada . 
  seriously . 
  it is a bit unrequited , and we are stuck in the friend zone , but hope springs eternal . 
  it is a mistake to apply european political views onto the us . 
  the us right is small-government , not fascist . 
  yes , trump is a populist , no , he is not in any way a fascist . 
  the conplete opposite of fascist would be libertarian . 
  thankfully , we do n't have a tradition of right-wing authoritarianism here . 
  i think there is a stonger correlation with poverty . 
  you do realise that she said you could see russia from alaska , right ? 
  or , have you confused saturday night live with the evening news , again ? 
  we got moldova . 
  i know very little about moldova . 
  poorest country in europe , lots of wine , and speak romanian . 
  that is all i know about moldova . 
  ah , but are you wearing it `` ironically ? '', 
  i grew up in the us with a lot of polish-american friends , and i always enjoyed their big , loud polish families . 
  i was thinking about a trip through eastern europe ( especially poland ) , but have a few questions : 1 ) am i going to get a lot of hassle for being from the us ? 
  ( no , i do n't have a us flag on my jacket . ), 
  2 ) should i visit mostly cities , or are there more old-fashioned country places that i should visit ? 
  3 ) is not speaking polish going to be a huge problem ? 
  i only speak english , and some french . 
  sorry , did n't mean to hijack the thread , but i have been wondering about this for a while . 
  edit : thank you all for the answers . 
  i think it will be a very enjoyable trip, 
  no , i can not . 
  at some point , suicide becomes an attractive option . 
  tell me more about this economic miracle - election fatiuged american, 
  did you read it ? 
   the luxembourg court ruled last week that for workers with no fixed office , such as care workers and door-to-door salesmen , time spent travelling to work should be counted as working time under the european union 's working time directive ( wtd ) rules . 
   the ruling does not impact on those with long commutes to fixed work places . 
  so , again , yes , i could live in a different country , and have my time spent travelling to work ( `` commuting '' ) counted as work time . 
  notice that there is no maximum on the commute distance . 
  do you always respond to people by calling them `` stupid ? '', 
  do you find that makes people more likely to take you seriously ? 
   the ecj ruled that workers without a fixed office should be able to charge for the time such journeys last , whereas at present they are not allowed to do so . 
  it could mean that companies employing such workers as electricians , gas fitters , care workers and sales reps could be in breach of eu working time regulations , if they chose to abandon a regional office , for example .
