  lol just noticed that . 
  effing autocorrect . 
  nah , [ they endorsed hillary clinton . 
  ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-03-14/ku-klux-klan-grand-dragon-will-quigg-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president ) i know its hard to tell from outside the us , but trump ( for all his many , many failings ) is not a racist . 
  and , although this may shock you , he is n't hitler , either . 
  i did say `` self-identify . '', 
  the 8 counties surrounding washignton dc are among the richest in the us . 
  poverty rates are hard to compare , as they are based on very different standards . 
  one can officially be under the poverty line in the us and still be considered middle class in many parts of europe . 
  now , inequality is easier to gauge , and europe does look a lot better there . 
  world bank gini coefficient for the us is 41.1 , and for europe its hard to find , but seems to be in the mid to high 30 's . 
   so many europeans here have no idea what they are talking about , yet speak as if they are the go to authority on this subject . 
  is this a surprise to you ? 
  are n't there reports of multiple shots ? 
  i 'd be less likely to think it was homemade , if true . 
  in fairness , the kkk does not really exist anymore . 
  i think there are something like 5,000 members in the entire us . 
  i believe 72 % ( actually , 59.3 % ) of people in england and wales self-identify as christina . 
  ( edit : [ and some as christian ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/culturalidentity/religion/articles/religioninenglandandwales2011/2012-12-11 ) ), 
  when is a skirt a kilt ? 
  and a very happy portugal day to you !!, 
  ok , so poster before you was wrong . 
  still , italian court . 
  well , just based on how often i get `` corrected '' for using an american spelling , i 'm not sure i agree with that . 
  this is not the icc . 
  this is an italian court . 
  he is also politically active in the us , and funnels huge amounts of money to his cronies . 
  no , from some norwegian guy, 
  as the estimable mr. bragg said , `` i found that out at my expense '', 
  so , the 4 people who did not get the joke are , what ? 
  my grand-dad from appleby could n't say squirrel , either . 
  came out sort of squiddle . 
  this might be the first time i have read an entire thread . 
  absolutely fascinating . 
  you know , bragging about how self-deprecating you are is probably the funniest thing that some british do . 
  looks like the only two in the negative are southern europe , and eastern europe . 
  one looks better than detroit . 
  the other looks much better than detroit . 
  its a uk internal problem . 
  not my place to opine on it . 
  well , fair enough . 
  their germans were faster than our germans . 
   but , all that money we spent did sort of launch the computer age . 
  so , we got that going for us . 
  which is nice . 
  tell you what . 
  i have a photo of the red white and blue . 
  you show me a photo of it being white , and we 'll talk . 
   anyway , the french are our buddies . 
  why do you think we claimed the moon ? 
  no , no . 
  the british islands are part of europe . 
  and brits are europeans . 
  ca n't argue with geography . 
  self-censorship is an oxymoron . 
  we have not given the government the power to prevent speech . 
  well , almost . 
  in the us , at least , it means that the government can not prevent speech . 
  so , all that stuff erdogan is pulling ? 
  that would not be allowed . 
  hang on a minute !, 
  do n't we get a say ? 
  they are rather solidly establishment . 
  26 women report 6 assaults ? 
  it was 10 men assaulting , and the woman kept saying , `` nein , nein . '', 
  so , one left . 
  there have been wars in the middle east since the ottomans ( and during the ottomans ) . 
  just as there had always been war in europe until outside pressure stopped it . 
  the current relative peace in the world is amazing by historical standards . 
  see you in 12 months, 
  in the us , `` priest '' means either roman catholic or greek-orthodox . 
  those tv evangelists would be called `` ministers '' or more commonly , `` preachers . '', 
  no , no . 
  that is impossible . 
  the only use for guns , i have been told , is killing people . 
  obviously , you are doing it wrong . 
  agree completely . 
  us homicide rate has fallen steadily while gun sales have increased steadily . 
  i do n't think one has much to do with the other , at all . 
  only in paris . 
  i lived in miami fore a while . 
  not so much blondes , except crazy russian ones . 
  i 'm blonde , btw . 
  i do n't understand . 
  ok , i will rephrase again : the us population is far more isolationist than our last few presidents ( or mrs. clinton ) . 
  her campaign is imploding , for many reasons . 
  both sanders and trump have publicly spoken out against us military presence and actions overseas . 
  ok , i will rephrase : trump has been successfully pandering to a strong isolationist feeling in the us . 
  years and years ago , i used to date the girl who ran radio free estonia . 
  used to go to a lot of estonian-american parties with her . 
  many cute blondes , and oh , so so much drinking . 
  seriously , so much drinking . 
  i hope so , as the feeling in the us is that nato is just an excuse for our military budget . 
  trump is basically an isolationist , btw . 
  `` nato troops '' = us troops . 
  we lost that bet over the olympic hockey game , and got stuck with him . 
  wtf were we thinking ? 
  otoh , endless supply of actors and actresses . 
  they make too much quality stuff !, 
  they must make more crap .
