  again , i find it amusing that every american here is telling you one thing , yet all the europeans are telling us why we are wrong . 
  if you do n't like tipping , do n't go out to eat in the us , canada , or mexico . 
  no one is forcing you . 
  when did pride enter into a conversation about facts ? 
  you mean paying for college ? 
  ( primary and secondary education are free in the us . ), 
  no , we did n't declare the extra income because we wanted to minimise the taxes we paid . 
  when i started working as a waiter , the minimum wage for tipped employees was $ 2.02 per hour . 
  i might make $ 10 for a 5 hour shift in wages . 
  but , i typically made about $ 75 in tips . 
  on the contrary , it is incredibly easy to to see if the restaraunt is holding back tips , as the server has a copy of the credit card statement , and totals up their tips each night . 
  no , there is no `` blue '' or `` red '' in this matter . 
  tipping is the standard practice in the whole country . 
  i jsut find it odd to be lectured on the practice of tipping in the us by people who have so little knowledge of it . 
  note , every single person in this thread who has worked for tips , or knows someone who does , is adamant that they prefer the system as it is . 
  no , owners do not keep tips . 
  if they tried , the waistaff would file a lawsuit . 
  and , as in the case of celebrity chef mario batali , the consequences are [ very expensive . 
  ] ( http://www.outtengolden.com/batali-agrees-525-million-settlement-over-claims-confiscated-tips ) it is hard to get firm data on how much waters and waitresses make , becuase so much of the income is unreported . 
  but , [ this survey ] ( http://www.payscale.com/data-packages/restaurant-report/full-data ) thinks the median is $ 13.30 / hour . 
  [ this bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28793677 ) says the median income for a waiter in france is $ 2,000 per month . 
  the us equivalent is about $ 2,128 . 
  no , employers can not keep tips https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs15.htm tipping is not more prevelant in any particular state , as it is a national practice . 
  you find the same 15-20 % tipped from little rock , ar to new york city , ny . 
  it does not appear that you have any first-hand knowledge of this . 
  i have worked as a waiter in the us . 
  it is most assuredly true that no waiter or waitress would willingly give up the tip system . 
  it is one of the best paid unskilled jobs there is . 
  not in the us , canada , or mexico . 
  https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/reporting-tip-income-restaurant-tax-tips yes , you are supposed to declare all your tips . 
  no , almost no waiter or waitress does . 
  they simply pay income tax on the 8 % of their sales that the irs sets as a minimum . 
  that $ 23-24 ,000 per year is probably about half of wha tthey make . 
  ( most people tip 20 % these days , and they only declare 8 % . ), 
  social security is included ( which is the us retirement pension system ) . 
  again , as every american here has said , ask any waiter or waitress in the us if they prefer the tip system . 
  that guardian ( ha ! ), 
  article you linked is waiters/waitresses complaining that mandatory tips ( builtin to the check ) are causing them to have to pay taxes on closer to their actual income . 
  yes , i have been a waiter in the us . 
  have you ? 
  if you are such a bad waiter that you are not making 15 % of your sales in tips , you should not be a waiter . 
  ask any waiter or waitress in the us if they prefer the tip system . 
  any . 
  well , not really . 
  the irs taxes you as if you made 8 % of your total sales in tips , as a minimum . 
  if you want to get vested into social security at a higher level , you could always honestly report your tip income . 
  why are protestors so dirty ? 
  interesting that google 's search share is so high . 
  in the us , i think it is only in the 70s , but i suspect that there is less bing in the eu . 
   article 102 of the anti trust laws i think article 82 http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:52009xc0224 ( 01 ) & from = en pretty broadly written , it seems to say that anything they deem to be anti-compettive an be regulated . 
   the emphasis of the commission 's enforcement activity in relation to exclusionary conduct is on safeguarding the competitive process in the internal market and ensuring that undertakings which hold a dominant position do not exclude their competitors by other means than competing on the merits of the products or services they provide . 
  in doing so the commission is mindful that what really matters is protecting an effective competitive process and not simply protecting competitors . 
  this may well mean that competitors who deliver less to consumers in terms of price , choice , quality and innovation will leave the market . 
  happily , i did get responses that got into the lawyerings . 
  ( that is the part that interests me . 
  i am a geek , but most of my family are lawyers , and dad taught law in the us . ), 
  is law geeking a thing ? 
  as to your last , google did adjust the algorithm a year or so ago to push down aggregation and ad sites ( the `` penguin '' update ) . 
  my guess would be that they just break the link between google search and google shopping , and let each operate on its own . 
  google search would just not index any price comparison sites , including its own . 
  ok , i think i am understanding . 
  sounds like google has to break the link between search and shopping , and make them fully independant sites . 
  yes , i have read the statement . 
  it most assuredly does not clear things up . 
   they 'll probably have to make their various search embeds explicitly opt-in i suspect that is what they will do . 
  i spent some time last night looking at the other price comparison sites , and i think google shopping can easily compete with them on its own merits . 
  i follow the logic , but i think the part i have trouble with is that the earned monopoly is a free service . 
  but , i get that google enjoys monopoly power in search , and that is an earned monopoly . 
  my question at this point is how does google become eu complaint ? 
  is just removing their shopping results from the search page , and limiting it to the shopping tab of the search page enough ( adding a mouse click to get to google shopping ) ? 
  or , does google have to treat all price comparison competitors equally , and put them on google shopping ? 
  or , does google have to completely remove the link between search and shopping sites , and ensure that no price comparison information shows up in search results ? 
  or , do they follow the microsoft example , and give users a choice of what price comparison site to use for price searches ? 
  us/uk case law and precedent are not unfamiliar to me , but i know that assumptions from that system in looking at eu decisions is not a good move . 
  ok , that makes more sense . 
  i 'm still a little fuzzy on some details , but that is most complete answer i have received . 
  the part i do n't understand is that search is not a business . 
  it 's free . 
  they do n't make money from it , they make money from the advertising . 
  i suppose my confusion is from deciding that the earned monopoly position in free search is seperate from the revenue-earning shopping . 
  but , leave that aside . 
  what does google need to do to become eu compliant ? 
  so-o-o , if you have a newspaper with a large ( dominant ) readership , but free ( say , the metro , in london ) they have to carry ads not only for themselves , but for their competitors ? 
  or , lets look at tv streaming . 
  netflix has huge market share ( 75 % of us homes ) . 
  if i search for a movie on netflix , do they have to show me movies from competitors ' services , too ? 
  ok , better one , even . 
  imdb is the dominant website for searching for move and tv related information . 
  on their website , they have a sidebar with information about where some movies are playing . 
  should they have to show all movies ? 
  or , only the ones that pay to be featured on their website ? 
  or , the ones they feel are of most interest to their site visitors ? 
  sure google search is dominant , but there are plenty of other choices . 
  there is no cost to use any of these . 
  google search is used by so many because they freely ( literally ) choose to do so . 
  and , they pay for that by selling ads . 
  i 'm trying to get a feel for the legal argument here . 
  if google removes that sidebar for google shopping in the search results , would that satisfy the eu anti-trust complaint ? 
  yes , i did read that , and it is amazingly confusing . 
   this is about anti-competetive behaviour , not about misleading people .
