  so , because they charge for placement on the shopping sidebar , that is anti-competitive ? 
  is the eu requiring that they show results from competitor 's price comparison sites , mixed in with their own ? 
  i think my underlying confusion comes from the idea of `` general internet search markets . '', 
  it is a free service , to drive traffic to their site . 
  they make their money by selling ad space on the site . 
  so , if a newspaper has an online site that does not charge you to view , and pays for it with ads , do they also have to carry ads for other newspapers ? 
  i see the ads , but no shopping sidebar . 
  that is why i am asking if it looks different if i do the search on an eu google site . 
  in the us , i see google shopping results in a sidebar , but not in the actual search results . 
  yes , but they are seperate from the search results , and are clearly marked as sponsored results . 
  why does google have to include its competitors in their sponsored results ? 
  i just do n't understand the underlying legal concept . 
  google attracts peopel to its site by free search . 
  it pays for the site with sponsored results , clearly marked as such , and seperate from the search results . 
  those sponsored results are paid for by retailers , direct google . 
  if i go to amazon , do they have to show me prices on non-amazon affiliates ? 
  if you do the same thing on an eu google site , do you see the same type of results ? 
  i do n't think i have ever seen results from a different price comparison site on google . 
  if i search for a product in google search in the us ( say , `` mobile phones '' ) i get advertised sites first . 
  then i get search results . 
  but , those results are not to google shopping , or other price comparison sites . 
  they are to vendors of mobile phones . 
  and , they do not show any pricing information . 
  i only see pricing infomation on google shopping , and those are sponsored sites . 
  ( correction , i do see pricing on a sidebar , but those are google shopping results , and go to the vendors . ), 
  i am wondering if google is actually doing something different in the eu , versus what i see in the us . 
  ok , first of all , i am not trying to pick a fight , or defend any company . 
  i am genuinely curious about the issue here . 
  the barrier to entry in search is actually very low . 
  all you need is a better product , and people will use it . 
  that is what we have seen happen before . 
  when there is no cost to a product , it becomes very fungible . 
  it is easy to replace google search with a better option , if an dwhen one comes along . 
  yes , my link was about the us , but becuase i cannt find that info for the eu . 
  but , i do n't see why the reasons for google losing market share in the us are unique to the us . 
  and , the issue of alternative searches in non-pc products is relevant . 
  you are confusing an earned monopoly with an unearned . 
  microsoft earned its os monopoly , but got into trouble for levereging it to get market dominance in browsers . 
  ( i worked for netscape , so sort of lived this issue . 
  got laid off as a result of microsoft , in part . ), 
  i am starting to think that google operates differently in the eu . 
  i do n't see other price comparison engine results , either in shopping or search . 
  i see some ads at the top , marked as such , then in search i get mostly retailers . 
  in shopping , where they have the prices , it is marked `` merchant links are sponsored '' and i donn ' t see link to other comparison engines . 
  is that how you see it ? 
  right . 
  the idea was that microsoft was using an earned ( legal ) monopoly position to leverage into a different market places . 
  you paid for windows , and they forced ie on you . 
  but , with google , you are n't paying for the service . 
  i may be a differnce in the eu and us law around monopoly . 
  that is what i am asking . 
   yeah , next weekend is now filled up wth pc reinstall tasks . 
  last straw was a nasty virus that was messing with windows uac . 
  even managed to block safe mode, 
  answered in the other response . 
  but , this is not google search , but google shopping per http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-1784_en.htm, 
  well , the linked post says that it is ot abotu google search . 
   in 2004 google entered the separate market of comparison shopping in europe , with a product that was initially called `` froogle '' , re-named `` google product search '' in 2008 and since 2013 has been called `` google shopping '' . 
  `` comparison shopping engines '' i still do n't know who that is . 
  can you show a search result that has these other engines ? 
  i fully believe it is happening , i just do n't know exactly what they are referring to . 
  i looked at that list of other engines , but i never seem to get them as results in either my search or shopping results . 
  i am wondering if what you see in the eu is different from what i see in the us . 
  i really do n't think so . 
  european ( or non-google ) companies would step up to fil the demand . 
  it would be ugly for a year or so , but then options would fill the need . 
  be a lot of bing . 
  no , i 'm not that old . 
  but , i have been involved in internet infrastructure since the 90 's . 
   according to the latest numbers , comscore reports that bing 's share of the search market grew more than google 's this past april . 
  to be exact , bing 's market share rose by 0.2 % while google 's dropped by 0.2 % . 
   google 's total share of the us desktop search market has dipped below its previous 64 % to 63.8 % . 
  microsoft 's share of desktop search is now sitting at 21.6 % . 
   so , why is bing 's search share growing while google 's dropping?the growth of windows 10 could have had an effect , since bing is integrated throughout the entire desktop operating system . 
   bing recently stated that 25 % of its searches are voice search , which immediately calls to mind its integration with apple 's siri , but for these numbers comscore is counting strictly desktop searches . 
  so , it seems the barriers are not that high . 
  and , as the market moves away from screen-based searches , and into voice searches , its a whole new market . 
  i am not ignoring anything . 
  i am just trying to understand the underlying legal structure that google is violating . 
  you do realise this is not about google search , right ? 
  it is about google shopping . 
  its just the games . 
  if i can get them running on linux , i 'm done with microsoft . 
  windows 7 was great , but this monstrosity of phone/tablet/touchscreen / push ads is just not serving my needs , anymore . 
  ok , so 1 . 
  this is not about google search , but google shopping . 
  it is not about ads , but the fact that google has a comparison shopping engine ( google shopping ) that displays its results before the results of other comparison shopping engines . 
  ( what if google just did not display the results of other comparison shopping engines at all ? 
  would that address the issues ? ), 
  is the google shopping site in the eu different from the us and uk ? 
  i went to shopping.google.com , and i do n't see any mention of price comparison engines . 
  ( in fact , what i see does not look anything at all like the image . ), 
  i am not trying to defend google , just trying to understand the issue . 
   this means that by giving prominent placement only to its own comparison shopping service and by demoting competitors , google has given its own comparison shopping service a significant advantage compared to rivals . 
  just to make it clear , who are the `` rival comparison shopping services ? '', 
   cases where using google 's services was mandatory in order to e.g. 
  continue one 's studies . 
  is that google 's fault ? 
  i do n't think anyone is saying no regulation , but this does appear to be a confusing decision , and i just wish there was more clarity . 
  why yes , i do .
