  do you believe women have better communication skills than men ? 
   men are more affected by crime yes , in general crime , they assuredly are . 
  are they more affected by domestic violence ? 
  [ arguable . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2010/sep/05/men-victims-domestic-violence ) so , i was asking about feminists taking on men 's issues . 
  what you gave me was a list of feminist views on men , and men 's behaviour towards women . 
  those are n't men 's issues , but what some women think should be . 
  when is the last time you saw feminists asking people to donate to prostate cancer research ? 
  address rising suicide rates among men ? 
  that is what we mean by mens ' issues . 
  do you mean normalised in the technical sense , or to treat as normal ? 
  i believe men have always committed suicide at a higher rate than women . 
  in almost every country on earth men commit suicide way more often than women . 
   but it probably has a lot to do with the way they 're raised and poor mental health no , there has been a huge amount of study on this , and it is really based in men who feel they are not doing a good job of providing . 
   maybe the reason men die in more workplace accidents is because women are prevented from taking on those jobs in the first place ? 
  no , most western countries have laws against that . 
  turns out not that many women choose to enter dangerous occupations . 
   because women are affected far more than men . 
  `` effected ? '', 
   lots of modern feminists are concerned with men 's issues . 
  examples ? 
  not to some brits , it appears . 
  it is very hard to differentiate between people who speak poorly for humourous effect , and those who just speak poorly . 
  coupled with a british predilection for correcting people , who knows what is a joke anymore ? 
  `` it 's '' the contraction for `` it is '' is abbreviated with an apostrophe . 
  `` properly '' it 's an adverb . 
  the one outside the uk . 
  well , then , we are in agreement . 
  i do like when a conversation can come to common ground . 
  well , if our image is so bad , why should we spend money to protect people who do n't like us ? 
  no , we can build aviation and logistics centers anywhere we might need them . 
  look , i understand , you do not want a military alliance with the us . 
  almost half of americans agree with you . 
  in a few years time , you may get your wish . 
  the us does not get anything out of nato ( except an excuse to keep our military budget so large ) . 
  it seems that you and i agree that the us should leave europe alone , to handle it 's own affairs . 
  the history of europe is filled with alliances of words , that did not become money or armies when needed . 
  well , if european countries do n't feel the threat is sufficient to justify 2 % defense spending , who am i to say they are wrong ? 
  you can not talk about nato without talking about ww2 . 
  after ww2 , the us realised that the only way to have peace in europe was to remain in europe . 
  and , it has worked . 
  but , i think europe now might be trusted to not fall into war every generation or so , the soviet union has collapsed , and there is no need for the us to stay in europe . 
  well , if they are allies , then they have an expectation that you will take the lead on protecting your country . 
  and , have enough military power to help protect them . 
  but , i think the expectation that the us will always be there to protect you is a bit naive . 
  influence in europe ? 
  no , not really . 
  we have economic influence , but then we are the eus largest trading partner . 
  access to middle east and africa ? 
  i do n't see that . 
  we have allies in the me , and do n't do much with africa . 
  if you do n't think that the nato alliance is of value to you enough for 2 % defense spending then you should tell your elected leaders that you want out of nato . 
  you wo n't get any resistance from the us . 
  and about 500,000 american allies died in european wars . 
  maybe we should just not have any military alliances ? 
  i do n't think you understand how a military alliance works . 
  only [ 46 % of the us ] ( https://today.yougov.com/news/2017/01/26/nato-enthusiasm-lower-us-europe-americans-dont-agr/ ) thinks that nato has an important role to play . 
  the us does n't really get much out of nato . 
  and , if a member does not feel that it is of enough benefit to justify 2 % defense spending , then that member will probably be leaving nato . 
  there just is not a lot of support in the us for continuing to pay for europe 's defense . 
  but , getting us bases out of europe is something you want , right ? 
  in korea it was agaisnt the invasion and capture of south korea ( and was a un action [ resolution 84 ] ) ) . 
  kuwait was to remove iraq 's army from kuwait ( and was a un action [ resolution 678 ] ) the third balkan war started with un peacekeepers , and escalated into a nato action at the request of european nato countries . 
  so , it sounds like you want your country to leave the un . 
  would the us military die to defend european allies ? 
  you mean again ? 
  you do n't think that nato would ever exclude members who are not meeting the standard for defense spending ? 
  why ? 
  no one is forced to be part of nato . 
  if you do n't want to pay the cost of being part of nato , you are free to leave nato . 
  just for comparison , us median age is 37.8, 
  and i am eternally amused by how much some europeans think they know about the us , compared to how little they actually know . 
  no , i do n't think you read the provided data . 
  i gave you the income quintiles for mississippi , the poorest us state . 
  do you know what an income quintile is ? 
  you are confusing gini with income distribution . 
  yes , there are a small number of outrageously wealthy people in the us . 
  but , the lowest quintile of incomes ( the `` poor '' people ) are higher than about half of italians . 
  no , the poorest fifth of people in the us are about the same income as the median of italy . 
  poor is relative . 
  our poor are poorer than other people in the us , but are better off compared to many other developed countries . 
  i suggest reading this for actual statistics , and hallmarks of us poverty . 
  ok , i understand that you are just shit dumping , but i find this sort of stuff amusing . 
   more than half of the population in the us is much poorer than the average japanese or italian person . 
  that was your statement . 
  it is , as i have shown , untrue . 
  in fact , the median japanese or italian is just above or below the median for the poorest us state . 
  and , to go further , the [ lowest quintile ] ( http://scorecard.assetsandopportunity.org/latest/measure/state-income-quintiles-acs ) for the us is [ about the same as the median for italy . 
  ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/italy/ ) interesting that the last article , from the oecd , actually says that the inequality between highest and lowest income quintiles in italy is larger than in the us . 
  i provided the income by quintile , and noted that the us and japan had the same ratio of highest to lowest . 
  now , you are changing your subject , i assume in order to assert some sort of superiority . 
  and , i have lost interest in the conversation , as that sort of nationalism does n't interest me much . 
  um , no , that is n't really true , and it is not how gdp is calculated . 
   which does n't really represent the reality of things since more than half of the population in the us is much poorer than the average japanese or italian person . 
  that is funny , as half the populations of japan and italy are poorer than the average , too . 
  but , this is a tough thing to figure out . 
  the median income in mississippi ( which is the poorest us state , btw ) is $ 35k . 
  in italy , it is about $ 20k . 
  in japan , it is about $ 42k . 
  but , if we want to account for the expense of things , we have to look at purchasing power parity .
