  who was it that bombed the libyans ? 
  i am one of the americans who is pushing for a far less interventionist foreign policy . 
  and that means that europe will have to stand on her own feet . 
  can you tell me a time when the middle east was `` stable ? '', 
  obama has never been `` pro-europe . '', 
  i agree that europe needs to learn how to handle its problems without running to the us every time . 
  you know what the us calls a million refugees/migrants ? 
  summer . 
  well , we do have about 15 million illegal migrants already in the us , is europe offering to help with them ? 
  tell you what . 
  once the eu shares the load of economic migrants entering the us , then we will help with the economic migrants entering the eu . 
  so , about those 15 million illegal migrants in the us ... what address do you want us to ship half of them to ? 
  pretty sure that the uk and france were arming rebels in syria . 
  and the circle of life continues . 
  i do n't think its all that difficult . 
  the problem is when politicians start using the tax codes to influence society . 
  companies do exactly what they are incented to do , and then get yelled at for doing it . 
  big companies can always afford better accountants then governments . 
  that is sort of the problem with articles like these . 
  i tend to ignore them , but the comment thread was so funny . 
  support for gay marriage in the us is well over 60 % . 
  lol it ca n't be that bad . 
  i mean , you do reproduce , right ? 
  it seems to me , as an outsider , that the huge differences in tax codes across the eu are a real problem . 
  well , europe has a very long history of anti-semitism . 
  as racial issues are the shame of the us , anti-semitism is europe 's . 
   ss and medicare are not really enough to live on later , is that correct ? 
  no , i would n't say that , at all . 
  if i retired today ( say , disability ) i would get about $ 1200 per month . 
  that is untaxed , but i probably want to top up my health insurance , so call it $ 1,000 per month . 
  now , just about every employer also has a pension plan , that you pay into pre-tax , and get some level of employer matching . 
  i was an idiot , and started contributing to that late in life , but my current forecast is that i will have something like $ 1,500 a month , on top of ss . 
  people who declare bankruptcy over health issues almost never have employee health insurance . 
  also , no matter where you go , health costs are a primary reason for bankruptcy . 
  [ even in sweden ] ( http://www.insolvens.se/ ) this is another issue where you have to be very careful looking at it from outside the us . 
  you tend to only hear one side : the loud side . 
  lol you do n't know what a hangover is until you get to about 30 or so . 
  enjoy it while you can !, 
  also , pick an attractive person in the photos , and tell them that some redditor really liked their costume . 
  that should be enough to start a conversation . 
  just made it rounder . 
  mostly . 
  that number includes social security ( pension ) , medicare ( pensioner health insurance ) , and unemployment insurance is typically handled by the state ( that number included state taxes , as well ) . 
  i ca n't really add in current health insurance , as that is mostly paid by employers . 
  i can say that even people who make the average wage are still eligible for subsidies and tax credits to offset the cost of health insurance , if they are not getting it from an employer . 
  ( there is a separate health insurance for the poor , called medicade ) . 
  so , if we added in the total cost of health insurance , that number would probably go up , not down . 
  that was fun . 
  seems a lot better than what i did after graduation . 
  which i do n't remember . 
  because drinking . 
  amusingly , in the us george soros is a darling of the left , and a huge supporter of mrs. , clinton . 
  good catch , i did n't see that . 
  however , it should not change the us numbers much . 
  incomes that low do n't pay much tax , and actually get a negative income tax . 
  just checking mississippi , the [ average net income is $ 2,356 ] ( http://neuvoo.com/tax-calculator/mississippi-52000?salary=36918&amp;region=mississippi ) but that is before any government benefits . 
  which can get amazingly complex ( one of the problems with government assistance in the us ) . 
  for instance , people making the average income can still get a healthcare subsidy of about $ 270/month . 
  the complex patchwork of different aid programs is something we really need to fix . 
  we actually have a fairly large safety net , but are n't great about making it accessible . 
  a croissant without butter ? 
  no , i refuse to admit the existence of such a monstrosity . 
  but , if it makes you feel better , i have never had a decent croissant west of paris . 
  wikipedia is not a good source for issues where opinions vary . 
  funny that the us started legalising gay marriage before europe . 
  in case anyone cares , the relevant number for the us would be $ 3,873.42 . 
  the poorest state in the us is mississippi . 
  the monthly average wage there is $ 3,076.58 . 
  so google accountants are smarter then european tax offices . 
  is anyone surprised ? 
  which is why we have a bill of rights , which consists of limitations to what those rich congress-critters want to do to us . 
  fair enough . 
  no `` bill of rights for the people '' but , we will stipulate that you have a bill of rights for some rich powerful people . 
  that 's what i thought , too . 
  speech is a privilege , not a right , obviously . 
  well , yes and no . 
  the yes is that we still have murders . 
  the no is that we need plans that are focused on who is commiting the crime , not bubba the gun collector . 
  http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/assault-rate#-amount take a look for yourself . 
  [ the us assault rate in 2011 was 386 . . ] ( https://www.fbi.gov/news/pressrel/press-releases/fbi-releases-2011-crime-statistics ), 
  all you have to do is look at assault with grievous bodily harm . 
  we have `` free '' healthcare for the poor ( medicare ) , old ( medicaid ) , and children ( chip ) . 
  of course , its not really free . 
  we pay for it . 
  you are very correct . 
  the worst demographic for murder in the us is urban , black , males between the ages of 16 and 22 . 
  take that out , and the numbers drop hugely . 
   us society is by and large much more violent than europe , i 'd like to see some data for that . 
  the us is far less violent than the uk , for instance . 
   the us is not famous for its social security so i guess that if you dont have a security net lol we spend about $ 950 billion per year on aid to the poor . 
  that 's the gdp of norway , plus that of sweden . 
  us homicide rate has fallen by over 50 % since 1991 . 
  the absorbed the wrong type of co2 , i guess . 
  sometimes i wish we had been french colonies . 
  our former colonial masters keep telling us that we are saying and spelling things `` wrong . '', 
  ok , does this mean they will tell all the other countries that speak french that they are spelling it wrong ? 
  * could multi-national tax policies be putting * ** your ** * family at risk ? 
  tune in at 11 !, 
  does this mean they will tell all the other countries that speak french that they are doing it wrong ? 
  good point .
