in slovenia everybody is talking about this for last 3,4 years , nothing has been done so far . 
  many people still see foreign investors as bad thing but we dont have our own capital to invest . 
  we are doomed if we dont change our way of thinking . 
  we do stuff with german precision and balkan mentality, 
  i am sorry to hear that . 
  my opinion is that he should be held and have trial for what he did . 
  people could die because of his stupid idea . 
  nothing will happen , just if you are albainan dont go to serbia for few weeks . 
  btw the guy who controled the helicopter is albanian with usa passport , he was released because of that after police caught him . 
  balkan will never change , but i will have really fun conversation with my local burek maker tomorrow , 
  sadly 90 % of our politicians are even worse than her . 
  on last election i didnt vote because there was no good choice . 
  btw in slovenia we have a guy ( former prime minister ) who is in prison because of corruption and its still working in parlament . 
  they literally drive him every time from prison to parlament for sessions . 
  come to slovenia to see our beautiful nature ... only visit it , dont try to live here , it suck . 
  france was 3rd, 
  we can give you ours if you want ? 
  no we wont and i hope we wont . 
  putin only needs tampon zone in easteren ukrain + already santions are making huge loses for our economy . 
  at this point i only hope that fighting stops and this 2 republics just become independed . 
  win-win for all . 
  in ljubljana we only have city buses and they are great but in summer i only use bicycle because ljubljana is relatively small and bike friendly . 
  your life is still easier if you have car . 
  if you want to travel to other cities better use car in slovenia . 
  buses are expensive , trains are expensive , slow and really old.for example if you travel from ljubljana to koper you need ~ 1 hour with car , with train you need ~ 3 hours . 
  problem with that is our governments were investing huge amount of gdb into building overpriced higways but they forgot to invest into public transport . 
  now we have huge dept , shity made highways and shity public transport . 
   der spiegel reports that the foreign ministry has asked all embassies in germany to name their secret service personell in germany -- in short , `` could you please tell us who you 've got spying on us ? 
  i ca n't believe this is real , like wtf , 
  in the time when people send robots to other planets and out of our solar system , some people stayed in stone age . 
  how sad ... condolences to family and friends . 
  dont tell me about it . 
  ljubljana is known for having fog in winter , when is 1-2 \u00b0 c with fog and you need to wait for bus outside you stop believing in god, 
  it has finally started raining in ljubljana !!!, 
  this whole week was around 34 \u00b0 c with high humidity ... hell, 
  lol reforms , there hasnt been any so far . 
  they only raised taxes and cut some social benefits . 
  public sector cant hire new people by the law but we are lacking nurses , doctors , policemans ... even that we have them on public welfare . 
  you dont understand it . 
  germany and france are big markets and depended of each other . 
  germany can easily survive without our small market but we cant without germany investments . 
  money is everything today so our leaders and company managers are going where the most of it is coming from . 
  our companies are not producing final produdct , they are pretty much specialised in parts for automobile industry . 
  german telecom is interested in buying slovenian telecom , german reailways are interested in buying slovenian railways . 
  we could go away from germany influence to chose what ? 
  italy ? 
  own market ? 
  germans are definitely running slovenian state . 
  are they evil ? 
  i dont know, 
  my point was that smaller members dont really have a choice to have their own opinion on big topics . 
  yes , we could say `` fuck you germany we go our own way '' and there would be greek scenario in 2 months . 
  we are just too damn small to even dream big, 
  germany is our biggest trading party , your banks give loans to our banks , it would be suacide to say no to germany . 
  every prime minister first visit to foregin country is normally berlin . 
  you get the point now, 
  we do what germany told us to do . 
  that is harsh reality, 
  we have more and more forest every year but our wood processing industry is dying and we sell unprocessed wood to austria so we can import wooden products from them . 
  10/10 wood do again, 
  myself and everyone i know want to move out but without stable job noone does it . 
  renting an apartment in ljubljana is too damn expensive ... 
  heat is included btw . 
  i once saw dannish group of tourist getting demolished by 32 \u00b0 c in ljubljana . 
  it is hell if you are not used to it . 
  video fro calais https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syyl0gfndre xpost from / r/videos and / r/slovenia i mean this is not normal , this is like some post apocalyptic movie, 
  this in not going to happen in slovenia . 
  people already cant tolerate people form ex-yugo countries let alone africa . 
  this is the only topic we are united . 
  the women from australia is probably from eldery home . 
  wtf australia ? 
  one big forest with eldery people in it . 
  we have one of the highest obesity rates amongs kids in europe . 
  yugoslavia , you are kidding right ? 
  are they albanians ? 
  if they are , i kinda expected something like that to happen sooner or later . 
  you just described slovenia but without cyrillic :d, 
  oh , the 80 's are back . 
  cold war , balkan is heating again . 
  what can possibly go wrong this time ? 
  he is reffering to civilization game series, 
  you probably wont agree with me but this is going to ruin your beatifull coast . 
  pls dont :'(, 
  nope . 
  our affairs consist of why president used his plane to bosnia or who pay for his coffe . 
  yes it is , majority dont give a shit if homosexual can marrie . 
  its a big thing in slovenia because homosexuals can now adopt children . 
  protests and probably referendum is only about this part . 
  lake bled / s, 
  when can we expect olympic downhill champion from montenegro ? 
  yes , zastava factory made them for yugoslavia army . 
  after breakdown they went missing . 
  is this legit data for slovenia ? 
  seems too good to be true . 
  driver is italian , noone was seriously hurt . 
  we dont have enough soldiers to protect our own border , how can we do anything ? 
  i know we suck, 
  no / s , in tito 's time there wouldnt go 100k unknown people over yugoslavia . 
  yes, 
  i didnt find any credible source from last 2 months , it must be low , i would say < 5 % .
