  censorship on this topics is really high . 
  there was big panic in public when refugee wawe hit us in october . 
    how would the people react if say the politicians of a town said that they are going to build 600 new houses for immigrant ? 
  probably public outrage . 
  we went through long crise and many people are still having hard time and country doesnt really have funds for that kind of thing . 
   how would slovenians react if there was an incident like cologne ? 
  we are really homogeneous society without many minorities ( if you see black , arabic , asian . . etc. 
  person in slovenia , it is probably turist . ), 
  slovenia accepted alot of bosnian and croatian refugees when yugoslavia break happened and yet many people think they are not assimilated enough and act very nationalistic towards them . 
  i dont really know what would happen , let say that slovene history is not on refugees side . 
  i often hear that slovenians have mix of balkan and german mentallity so anything can happen . 
  come to slovenia , if you support immigrants here you are labeled as hippie who hasnt worked a day in his life . 
  official language is slovene in some parts italian or hungarian . 
  so to answer your question , you cant make your documents in serbo-croatian but majority understand serbo-croatian . 
  mass immigration to croatian coast . 
  literally almost milion of us go there every summer . 
  it means wired fences , hungary style . 
  unofficially : building will start tomorrow , slovenia has already bought 120km of wired fences and is looking where to buy more . 
  slovenian national televison is reporting that goverment has already bought 125 km of wired fences . 
  noone from goverment wants to comment this . 
  it is hard to build fence on a border with croatia . 
  the border itself is still not determine on some places and terrain is not flat as is it is in hungary . 
  if austria close its border goverment will probably send army to border with croatia and this hasnt happened since indepedance war . 
  we might end with ~ 10k migrants on our terittory before we close border . 
  not really , a lot of hills covered with forest . 
  12 % in croatia is almost half milion people , 2 % in slovenia is 40k people . 
  this is still important information, 
  yes because slovenia was ethnically almost full of slovenians , while croatia had big serbian minority in their territory . 
  agree and i think this goes both ways . 
  wow i did n't think it is that bad , i thought hollywood is exaggerating the problem . 
  is really that bad in chicago ? 
  how are normal people affected ? 
  i think it is quite big , we know that our country is really small compared to others so we think that every square meter of preserved environment counts . 
  and we do that with pride so it is easier to implement government policies . 
  sure , in 2014 we opened new 600 mw thermo plant run on coal . 
  who are they kidding ? 
  some years ago they found that there is oil in that part of adriatic see and they want to legaly secure it . 
  that is the whole reason behind it , in reality nobody give a damn about fishermans . 
  not just the house , garden is really important , you know it has to look better than neighbours ones, 
  ok , to be fair , i bet girls are better looking in rural romania . 
  any updates ? 
  riba re\u017ee raci rep, 
  we should work towards that goal but with electing far-right partyies we are going to wrong direction . 
  when will this end ? 
  there should be a map for speeding fines . 
  ours would probably be at the top somewhere, 
  finland are you already drunk ? 
  winter has n't started yet . 
  seriously why is there big deviation from other nordic countries ? 
  things will be worse before it gets better . 
  i do n't whant another crisis , things are just getting better here finally . 
  fall of lehman brothers and financial crisis . 
  some countrys still did n't recover after that . 
  thats why i see so many romanian vans and trucks driving on our roads to italy and back . 
  your special secret gypy squad is stealing their carrier !, 
  we have 2 !, 
  for 42km of coast , 
  and you have to get it out , otherwise it does n't work properly, 
  well , ww2 in balkan was n't just nazi germany vs rest . 
  it was basically a civil war and some groups were collaborating with hitler . 
  you can imagine many bad things happened so people are still arguing who did what and so on . 
  in slovenia we had [ homeguard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_home_guard ) and [ partisans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_partisans ) , croatia had [ usta\u0161e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usta%c5%a1e ) and partisans . 
  do you think that new government will last longer or there will be another elections in a year ? 
  sdp was n't much behind hdz . 
  i think it has something to do with your never ending two-party system . 
  we still bring up ww2 shit during elections but you always take it to the next level , instead of talking about the future . 
  bih , definition of failed country from the beginning . 
  tito is turning in his grave, 
  homemade has better taste, 
  i did n't know that . 
  what are the chances for referendum to succeed ? 
  if they are opened for that , sure society can accept abortion . 
  why ?!, 
  what would happen if some liberal government change the law ? 
  did n't ireland accept same-sex marriage ? 
  that is sad :(, 
  i tried once but could n't make it . 
  what is so good about that game ? 
  i do n't really understand it . 
  for slovenia it is slavko avsenik https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7gfnagyes8 he is a legend in folk music . 
  but i prefer lojze slak more ( also a legend ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giot4noabl0, 
  lol , not gon na happen . 
  my grandmother knows who is an\u017ee kopitar . 
  i mean everybody know him , 
  when `` who did what 70 years ago '' is still relevant . 
  this is `` de ja vu '' from our elections . 
  when will this end and we start talking about real problems ? 
  our railways were build in austro-hungarian empire . 
  we joke they are still the same , sadly it feels like they are :(, 
  cold war , balkan edition . 
  economic situation is improving in slovenia , we just need tax reforms and our goverment is too shy to make them . 
  it reminded me of this : http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_hxb3ppmaad3cigwxldheiwto6bslcxps.jpg, 
  not really . 
  we got company that made talking tom but the company is now registrated on cyprus . 
  owners are still the richest slovenians but it doesnt really matter if they dont pay taxes here, 
  donava, 
  we call it dunaj . 
  shooter was 70 years old guy former police officer in reserve . 
  he was specifically looking for one doctor to shoot him . 
  doctor and shooter are dead , 2 police offciers are in critical condition .
