the ww1 dip is actually a result of the spanish flu , which across europe killed up to 12 times more people in 1919-1920 than the entirety of ww1 . 
  because there 's genuinely almost nobody there . 
  that 's fair . 
  there is literally a path up to the top of ben nevis ( tallest uk mountain ) . 
  i am not saying he 's right , not am i saying i support wilders ( both of those are very far from the truth ) but i do have this sinking feeling that we 're currently in a world that 's picking sides , and that only ever ends one way . 
  i think the netherlands has done the right thing and has picked the side that is good and hopefully the side that will ultimately prevail . 
  my own country appears to have not picked that side . 
  what i wonder , and what i really fear , is what will be the damage of this side-picking ? 
  what will be the human cost of alt-right neo-fascists upsetting elections and referenda around the world ? 
  the worrying thing is that it looks like she 'll take half the developed world with her . 
  i now want to set up a website called the hips and just flood it with obviously fake news . 
  i can just about say `` bonjour , je m ` appelle jack '' but that 's about it . 
  boris johnson was out for all he could get personally , and he was only stopped by michael gove . 
  on the other hand , in a referendum this close , any small factor can be argued to be the one that tipped the balance . 
  you seem suprised that young people can have insight . 
  you 've described 52 % of the uk there . 
  on the other hand , there is the 48 % , the 48 % who did n't choose to be outsiders , the 48 % who actually do know what they are talking about when it comes to europe , the 48 % who believe that european integration might not be all that bad . 
  it is this side of the uk that is present in droves on this subreddit . 
  to be fair , he has caused this whole brexit thing . 
  he wanted to leave the eu because it put him in a good position to become pm . 
  when the time came for that to happen , his best friend sacrificed himself to stop it . 
  he was one of the greatest internationalists in the modern era , pushing for peaceful treaties over a whole range of issues from iran to climate change . 
  there might not a another one of his skill level for years . 
  on balance , france 's english is better than the uk 's french . 
  400 pounds was yesterday 's 200 pounds though . 
  and facebook and tumblr are female dominated . 
  something they literally do if you are trying to emigrate to the us . 
   or even had a colony . 
  to be fair , they had half of europe for half a decade . 
  those who are already living it , what 's 2017 like ? 
  donald trump 's here . 
  joking aside , that 's actually a really good analogy for people 's concerns about multiculturalism . 
  in the uk , lidl products are just generally better quality but the same price as aldi 's . 
  in soviet aldi , shopping does you . 
  surely in a worst-of-communism aldi you would turn up and ask for some food and they would say no . 
  that 's largely due to the fact that lidl is better . 
  i live less than a mile away from an aldi s\u00fcd . 
  but lidl is better quality so i do n't go to aldi often . 
  do we not have a bbc election hexagons thing ? 
  not to forget that on lbc today farage tried to justify that murder and called the mps widower an `` extremist '' and suggested he had links to terrorist acts . 
  is that because it 's allegedly the best place to live ? 
  the sea is apparently capitalist . 
  the uk is getting points what is this ? 
  i would have done if croatia 's entry was n't better . 
  there 's crinkley bottom . 
  but all the donations go to the south east !, 
  funnier if you live in mainland europe , sadder if you live in the uk . 
  uk election campaigning has begun . 
  each party leader has had their own set of gaffes so far . 
  friday was ed balls day . 
  currently the lead news story is that a child went missing 10 years ago , which shows how little in the way of actual news there is on these fair isles . 
  that 's about it really . 
  the model 3 will change the world if it is everything promised . 
  but a car company does require capital to actually build these cars . 
  musk has some serious wealth behind him , but it 's not infinite , and ignoring legacy clients is a very good way to make it run out more quickly . 
  have you actually seen how badly our left wing party is doing in the polls ? 
  politics has n't been as right wing as it is now in the uk since before world war 2 . 
  true , but she 's more likely to be friendly to people who share her ideaology . 
  france and turkey might not necessarily become closer allies ( they are already military allies ) but there could be a trump-putin style relationship . 
  that 's true . 
  it seems normal in france for presidents to have mistresses , whereas in the uk a politican had an affair with a model and the entire government collapsed and the replacement government went on to lose the next election . 
  both le pen and erdogan are far right and authoritarian . 
  they might get on . 
  such a young innocent child until you remember she 's a fascist . 
  the first president of the vi republic will be whoever ends up rebuilding after the le pen dictatorship . 
  i know that they were involved in the conflict in the balkans in the 1990s . 
  as well as local and european elections . 
  many traditional labour supporters do n't like corbyn becuase of the fact that he really does n't care about his role , and frequently instructs his party to vote with the government on things the opposition should really be opposing . 
  labour on 26.4 % according to britain elects . 
  if that transpires in the ge we 're looking at the conservatives on 379 seats and labour on 183 . 
  the problem is that the ` votes ' are n't actually shared proportionally . 
  why is it that every dictator rises to power in the same way yet nobody sees it coming ? 
  and then probably crossed back into the netherlands and voted yes again seeing how this has gone . 
  i think it 's more that in turkey the result had probably been determined before voting opened . 
  i 'm not so sure there is . 
  aging does n't kill people , it 's the medical problems aging causes that kills people . 
  life expectancy increases as medical technology gets better at dealing with the problems caused by aging . 
  provided that this keeps happening , life expectancy will keep increasing . 
  if life expectancy increases at the same rate it has done for this decade so far , there will still be 40 % of people born in 1999 alive by that date . 
  alternatively , you did n't save the world . 
  you may have saved 1.000 or 10.000 capital city goers , but the life of any given individual was unlikely to be affected by events in afghanistan . 
  being a country is western europe is enough to become a target for al queda . 
  the amount of time she lived for amazes me . 
  to put it in its historical context , she was born less than a decade after the end of the american civil war and died a year before bill clinton was impeached . 
  would they have hit italy ? 
  probably , yes . 
  would a terrorist attack in italy have killed this person ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  the odds of dying in a terrorist attack are so minute that it 's not really worth worrying about . 
  i was born in the back end of 1999 to a family that regularly lives to their 80s or 90s despite smoking 60 a day . 
  if i do n't do that and keep healthy , i could be in with a pretty good shot of this record . 
  i 'm trying to reduce my caffeine intake and increase the amount of physical activity i do for this very reason . 
  countries that do n't have good records also tend to not have good healthcare , meaning that they are unlikely to produce people who will live this long . 
  but brexiteers got almost all the press coverage in the uk . 
  i bet you voted leave . 
  turkey as a dictatorship is much more likely to attack greece than turkey as a democracy . 
  fairly slim becuase at the moment it does n't look like he 'll need to . 
  if last year proves anything , it 's that the non-backward choice in a major vote needs to be at least 5 % clear in opinion polling to even have a chance of winning . 
  so essentially the question is `` would you like to live in a dictatorship ? '', 
  also , if you are sat there feeling confident of your side winning and quietly minding your own business , learn from the mistakes of the eu supporters of my country and remember that nothing is certain .
