we dont really joke about you , just insults , they dont need to be funny, 
  wait what ? 
  more competition and feelings in the sport make it unappealing ? 
  wtf ? 
  i know it is a bait , a bait as obvious as [ this ] ( http://orig13.deviantart.net/6f98/f/2013/046/c/0/obvious_trap_by_bunny75-d5v1w2i.jpg ) but i still need to stop myself from going off on it . 
  this comment was the best i could do to handle it . 
  could i sell my for a similiar price if i have a italian last name but is 100 % swedish ? 
  you seem to know the flair selling prices to americans . 
  i mean we have the relationship as brothers do between swedes and danes , we talk shit and insult each other alot but no one else is allowed to do it . 
  norway is a bit like the much younger brother the danes feel like protecting/cooperating alot with that are total bros. ( and mostly takes the side of the danish against sweden ) . 
  hopefully i did not assume to much as a swede even though i 'm obviously smarter than you danish . 
  you need to take the potato out of your throat when speaking !, 
  well the denmark - norway - sweden is a bit closer than france - uk though . 
  denmark and norway were a union for 300 years while fighting the swedes countless of times . 
  so a norwegian saying he hates the danes more than the swedes is sad for the danes . 
  then again , i totally agree with him . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  `` you cant say those things '' ? 
  what planet do you live on ? 
  we have the internet now and information on pretty much every country that exist , i can look up how it is in finland and what the averages are easily . 
  then it helps aswell i have been there alot aswell . 
  you personal experience does not matter . 
  you show once again how little you actually know about these things when you are trying to say it is more expensive in finland compared to stockholm . 
  the cheapest i could find was around 1400 euro a month , for two rooms . 
  normal was around 1600, 
  i 'm telling you anecdotal evidence does not mean shit, 
  no you dont , this guy is average , if your family had less you were under middle class . 
  you show how little you know about things like this when assuming people that own/have a company have alot of money . 
  more often than not having a company is a big risk . 
  a bit late but you are just wrong , this is middle class in the nordics . 
  yea that is bullshit , even if i look here on reddit the americans say around 10 $ / kg is normal . 
  you are buying shit meat if you pay that, 
  probably because this is mostly middle class and americans prioritize cars alot more than the nordics . 
  the important thing about a car is that it moves and dont take too much gas/enough space in it . 
  as long as it does that we are fine with it . 
  i know alot of people who dont even have a driverslicence at age 35-40 , and they are all upperclass dr. in chemistry, 
  well that is in a big city right ? 
  the prices can be up to that in the big cities here aswell, 
  cultural, 
  yes . 
  nah this would be typical middle class atlaest in sweden , i would say finland aswell, 
  not a tourist attraction , old churches are more common than new ones, 
  but they are still one of the biggest producers , which means people buy it . 
  it 's literally impossible to stop all the sites from having their articles up , there are too many . 
  to make it work you stop them from getting to the sites . 
  you cant get up results for childporn either , google actually blocked sites for criticizing scientology . 
  it has also blocked neo nazi sites for an example . 
  they cant go for a witch hunt against the millions of sites the info can end up on though , preventing you to find them is easier since most come from the same place, 
  it 's usually much easier to get the information online , even if a student forgets their stuff in school they can access it all . 
  it also leaves more time in the school for other stuff, 
  the whole world in a nutshell for you . 
  when people use the argument `` i 'm a responsible person , dont regulate x i want to do . 
  regulate the people '' society does sadly not work like that , we have to customize laws against the minority that also affects the majority . 
  why would you think that ?? 
  they are sentenced to a punishment and when they have served it they should be free and not being affected negatively from it . 
  your first argument is just a strawman since this law was passed to help the rehabilitated to not get judged by their past . 
  we already have social programs to support rehabilitation and reintegration . 
  the reason they are making google block this is they cant regulate the millions of sites that can put up an article and make them take it down . 
  it makes more sence to stop people from getting to the sites from the search engine since you only need to regulate one . 
  the vpn argument is solid though , this does make that a possibility . 
  but i cant see they passing anything like that , it would make too much headlines and uproar . 
  it 's excellent for the rehabilitated , good for society and okay for the internet . 
  the contest is 50 % songs like this so it would not stand a chance sadly . 
  the alarming number of assaults ? 
  one ? 
  one is alarming ? 
  if i try to push it as a fact yes , i just used it to show he was wrong that everyone have a hunter in his family . 
  or a small bazooka . 
  but i think his line of thought was how much taller he had to be, 
  true , i thought like that until i got to `` gymnasiet '' and it 's probably true for people in big cities . 
  i think i have seen under 5 guns in my entire life minus competetive shooting . 
  yes i know , no doubt about it . 
  i just mean telling that everyone have a hunter in their family is a bit of a overstatement . 
  the same thing with some regions obviously have more hunters, 
  wasnt that the case through history ? 
  or was it only the elite mercenaries ? 
  well thats a anecdotal statement if i ever saw one . 
  i think many hunt , obviously , but not even close to what you are suggesting . 
  were i live maybe 3 i know hunt . 
  in my whole family ( hela sl\u00e4kten ) no one hunts . 
  when it 's 3/4 the size of your own arm, 
  aircraft carriers are not really that good . 
  they should be amazing but if you cant defend them against subs they are sitting ducks, 
  true , easiest place to win a war . 
  because if you want to attack one country you will get the others as allies, 
  the navy was named more of a defence , and that they are more than capable to defend against anyone, 
  nk would not be able to do anything . 
  it 's not like they are fighting hand to hand . 
  hard to do anything against sweden if you cant even hit their fighter jets or be able to shut down the artillery, 
  yup , from sweden what i get is they love accents . 
  americans are a favourite , or australians . 
   hanover chief of police : `` there was a device intended to be detonated inside the stadium . '', 
  sorry but they found a truck bomb , damn that 10 %, 
  i literally laughed at this , every time someone makes an argument against you , you simply call them a kid and accuse them of a strawman . 
  good job . 
  but you are probably just a troll that i feed , no one can be that stupid for real , hopefully, 
  you were saying that you can be a femenist but not a mensrightactivist . 
  thats fucking ignorant , just because someone else have problems do not take away your own problems . 
  its the same thing as saying `` people are dying in the middle east so you have no excuse to be sad '' . 
  its pretty disgusting .
