  why do you need the approval of the eu proper , when nato is already the de facto eu defence agency , with nearly all of the eu as members ? 
  except that kosovo did n't have a un mandate and nato exceeded their mandate in libya . 
  there was no unsc resolution instructing nato to intervene in kosovo at all : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimacy_of_the_nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia#the_un_charter unsc resolution 1973 did n't instruct nato to bring down gaddafi 's regime . 
  it permitted a no-fly zone and for the forces to protect civilians . 
  it used that license to destroy the regime everywhere . 
  libyan intervention had a lot of eu members involved , but it probably does n't meet your somewhat unreasonable standard . 
  kosovo as well . 
  really , nato is basically the military arm of the eu . 
  the eu does n't have an army and does n't get involved in military conflicts . 
  edit : muh karma, 
  the op said `` mobilise troops '' . 
  gulf war ? 
  sounds like a great way to make even more young people leave the country . 
  free kurdistan . 
  yeah ray guns , so funny , except the actual phrase was rape gangs and that 's actually a huge worry in your country so i 'm not quite sure why it 's such a joke to brits . 
  it happened before : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia_airlines_flight_1812 but i do n't think it happened this time . 
  no it is n't ... 
  russia is also actively supporting syria and iran , who are doing more to fight isis than america . 
  this is just generic and extremely bad propaganda . 
  whoever wrote it also has very poor english . 
  makes sense because russia is the country that bombed libya into the dust . 
  oh , must have not made the finals . 
  nobody 's mentioning denmark but i thought it was a solid second . 
  anyway estonia was the best and russia was third . 
  britain sucked !, 
  australian republic now !, 
  no , no , you have to beat the first boss before you can fight the final boss . 
  queensland has n't broken free as far as i know ... 
  but anyway , would n't surprise me to see albanians break free , but it 'll only come to that if the government just wo n't go and the violence escalates , and i do n't think it 'll get to that . 
  edit : but you 'd know better , of course . 
  i do n't want to look like i 'm pretending to be an expert on a country i know very little about . 
  soon the police will open fire and the revolution will turn violent . 
  a coup will happen and the opposition will take power . 
  if that fails , there 'll be more albanian terror attacks to collapse the government . 
  no matter how this winds up , the macedonian government is toast . 
  this is the euromaidan script all over again . 
  macedonia is in the sights . 
  should n't have said yes to russia 's pipeline . 
  macedonia will continue to be incredibly poor , will never get into the eu , and corruption wo n't decrease , but at least mighty america will smile upon them for a brief , glimmering moment . 
  if you did n't believe them , how would things have been different ? 
  there 's nothing meaningless about it . 
  it just does n't provide the meaning that you 're after . 
  belarus would let itself be flooded . 
  alright , if an imaginary inconsistency makes it easier for you to support your country 's foreign policy , then by all means : imagine one . 
  it excuses them , certainly , in the same way that self-defence excuses violence without serving to make violence good . 
  how have you managed to get the impression that i 'm pro-spying ? 
  have i not made my view on it clear ? 
  you 're engaging in a strawman argument because i never once said that what macedonia is doing is right , or that two wrongs make a right , or whatever it is you keep insisting to change the subject from american hypocrisy . 
  let he who is without sin cast the first stone . 
  or in other words , stop fucking spying on the whole world before you accuse another country of wiretapping . 
  and while we 're at it , stop destabilising countries to advance american interests . 
  there must be an ocean of blood by now from the past few years , american spilt . 
  you have n't touched anything . 
  your country and your government , however , have yes , upset a lot of people with its determination to cast the world in its own image , no matter how many ( non-american ) people have to die to get there . 
  the usa does n't give a fuck about macedonian democracy . 
  only the most naive person possible could believe that . 
  why do n't you cast your eyes on democracy in saudi arabia ? 
  oh , they 've got oil , right . 
  half your foreign policy is just doing what they ask for . 
  then let the accuser be a country that does n't spy on its citizens -- oh , there is n't one ? 
  what to do , what to do ? 
  maybe macedonia is no worse than anyone else and america is just bullying them ? 
  and yes , i 'm not surprised to see you yawn over regime change . 
  americans must be so bored about that , doing it over and over . 
  from my point of view , it does . 
  why should macedonia not spy when every other country , especially their accuser , is more than happy to do it ? 
  and why is macedonia suddenly so important ? 
  they just suffered a major terrorist attack and along comes usa waving its dick . 
  time for regime change , i guess . 
  ah , i was wondering how long it would take for someone to find a goof in the parade for all of you to masturbate over . 
  apparently about three days . 
  oh well , time to jerk it . 
  lol russia is shit !, 
  sorry , let 's let america keep criticising other countries for spying so we do n't hurt your feelings . 
   zaev says he has a mountain of illegal wire taps that he says were made by the government on an industrial scale and leaked to him by a whistleblower . 
  oh , is that not okay now ? 
  thanks for the tip usa . 
  macedonia should just say it was to fight terrorism , which is actually a serious problem over there . 
  the assassination was the `` trigger '' in that it was the pretext for austria-hungary to attempt an invasion of serbia . 
  princip was n't alone , but the black hand was no more official than he was . 
  i do n't know if a lot of austrians still hate princip but austrians do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  how does austria feel about franz joseph i , who managed to start a world war based on the actions of one bosnian serb yugoslavist who had nothing to do with the serbian government ? 
  what shocking new revelations that nobody was aware of until now . 
  i 'm not a supporter but when was it demonstrated that this does n't work ? 
  it seems like terror plots are being averted all the time with the use of spy tactics . 
  we had one recently in australia : http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/anzac-terror-plot-third-man-held-in-custody-as-details-of-alleged-attack-plot-emerge-20150421-1mplrn.html  police revealed on monday night that a 14-year-old boy had been arrested in britain over his links to the plan . 
  lancashire police have claimed they uncovered messages on electronic devices between the teenager and a man in australia . 
  they do n't explicitly reveal their methods but i imagine spying must have gotten them information about this link to begin with . 
  um ... would n't the blame go to the people who put that policy into place ? 
  the soviet union would have preferred you be an atheist . 
  although perhaps this is sarcasm . 
  the top left bubble is so ridiculous that i think even the most apologetic apologist would n't have the gall to say it . 
  what a totally empty human being . 
  ah , so some germans are still sore over losing the war then . 
  what do you mean by ` we ' , anyway ? 
  certainly , if things were completely different then things would have been different . 
  [ move along , nothing to see here . 
  ] ( https://jlaubhan2013.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/monkey.jpg ), 
  but then we have crimea which was heavily suffering from starvation despite russians being the majority over ukrainians and tatars ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#ethnicities_.26_languages, 
  without saying anything about whether the genocide was targeted at ukrainians or not , i think it 's worth noting that wikipedia called this a map immediately after ww2 , when we can expect there would have been a lot of population movement .
