  so there are different opinions . 
  some people believe we have zero effect on it , that climate change is entirely natural . 
  this is about science , not unfounded opinions . 
  the scientific community thinks nothing like trump . 
  it believes very strongly in anthropogenic climate change . 
   this really is speculation . 
  sure . 
   i 'm not sure where trump comes in here as the recent appeasement has come under previous administrations . 
  i would n't call levying sanctions `` appeasement '' . 
  obama was soft . 
  trump has n't done one thing that i 'm aware of against russia , and of course , frequently praises vladimir putin . 
  ukraine can now consider itself a non-factor . 
   but even simple appeasement would be better than what has been happening - trampling on russia 's buffer zone ( nato expansion ) with simultaneous appeasement when the russians react . 
  worst of both worlds . 
  there 's no buffer zone . 
  what involvement america had in ukraine was a poor decision . 
  but we should not promote russian delusions of spheres of influence or buffer zones . 
   in my opinion nato had no need to expand east and provoke a reaction from the russians , i 'm far from the only person that thinks like that . 
  you mean into the baltic states ? 
  happened under bush in 2004 . 
   was anyone shocked when the west pushed it and the russians then snatched crimea ? 
  sure thing , euromaidan was just a complete western conspiracy . 
  yes , of course if you accept the russian premises , their decisons seem less unreasonable . 
  that 's why they promote these premises . 
  russia did n't stop at crimea . 
  they fomented a civil war based on ethnic war nonsense and have killed tens of thousands . 
   i do n't see any evidence that trump wants to drag anyone into war . 
  have you seen the escalation in yemen ? 
  the raid done a month ago , the new american air strikes in yemen ? 
   you think that 's the goal of the us government ? 
  really i mean ? 
  trump 's budget cuts epa funding by 30 % and he put a guy who wants the agency gone in charge of it so if environmental disaster is n't an explicit goal of the us , it 's totally indifferent to it happening . 
   it seems more like they are merely following policies that they see as furthering their economic self interest . 
  i did also blame greed . 
   widgets are still in demand and so they are produced , the same amount of pollution goes into the earth 's atmosphere , except that now america is n't getting the economic benefit . 
  i believe the tpp was supposed to address problems like this but of course , america could n't manage to write a treaty that does n't give huge power to their corporations over everyone else . 
   on war , it was clinton that was sabre rattling against russia and it was the previous administration that boldy walked all over russia 's sphere while weakly allowing the russians to invade europe . 
  trump has talked mostly of de-escalation of this potential conflict . 
  trump has folded because his administration is in bed with russia . 
  allowing russia to destroy its neighbours with no consequences is a pro-war move , not an anti-war one . 
  it will cause more aggression from russia in the future , maybe it already has in ukraine . 
  chamberlain was not an anti-war prime minister because he let the crocodile ruin czechoslovakia . 
  meanwhile he supports the saudi war of aggression in yemen and has no interest in restraining israel whatsoever . 
   lol no the us emissions have being going down and they took many actions they are not perfect just like other countries . 
  i do n't think it 's because of government actions , it 's because their economy has n't come back to what it was since the gfc , hence fewer trucks on the roads , and because of natural gas becoming cheaper than coal . 
  okay , mining and river pollution has n't got much to do with climate change and ghg emissions which is what we are discussing . 
   meat consumed is the biggest contributor to climate change no and no country is taking steps to improve that . 
  true . 
   the us should stop its climate change denial and contribute more but it is not responsible for the rest of the world . 
  it is , though . 
  you ca n't control such a major portion of the world 's economic activity and actively hobble efforts to control climate change and then say it 's not your fault . 
  we 're in a worse position because of the actions of the us . 
  china is a developing country . 
  it is n't possible for it to stop growing emissions while also developing as technology exists today . 
  the point is that it actually gives a damn , it could easily be like america and refuse to even discuss climate change , much less invest in renewable energy which will help the entire world . 
   germany is building coal power station to fill the gap left by nuclear germany gets 34 % of its power from renewable sources . 
  it has more solar power than sunny countries like spain . 
  do n't just take one negative fact and use it to handwave enormous progress . 
  china is investing heavily in renewable energy and so are major european countries like germany . 
  what is the us doing ? 
  reliving the early 2000s by pretending climate change does n't exist . 
  iirc , the largest emitter in the world , and our beloved global hegemon . 
  i like nz a lot , it 's like a better adjusted australia . 
  the us is really awful though . 
  even under obama it was basically an imperial power . 
  now it just seems to want to drag the world to hell with climate change and war . 
  rich people can suck , so can rich countries . 
  how did they win you back ? 
  florida is usually responsible for republican administrations and the sea will probably claim most of it . 
  so at least some americans will pay for the government 's greed . 
  probably every group that has ever been described as ` the powers that be ' would have been . 
  even the bolsheviks , judging from kronstadt . 
  are russians looking forward to peace or are they looking forward to taking mariupol ? 
  or maybe a slice of belarus ? 
  the uk has n't been ruined in a war for hundreds of years which would play a part in the inequality , nor has it experienced a communist regime . 
  salazar 's portugal was also in nato . 
  this is something that leftists are extremely opposed to . 
  i think such a `` left '' is not a left at all . 
  when was the left liberal before ? 
  like the 90s or something ? 
  it said in that thread that it was the insignia of one unit in 1994 . 
  most of the other comments i saw were people talking about how croatia still reveres some of its old nazi collaborators . 
  they never killed 100 people in one attack but they were n't stuffing around with the mass murder : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omagh_bombing, 
  both the american nazis and the nation of islam were far right and what they had in common was a desire to separate white and black people . 
  so what are leftists supposed to learn from that , that fascists can work together towards their common interests ? 
  and later , when malcolm x denounced racism , he told the american nazis to stay away from martin luther king or be attacked . 
  i really hope we do n't join the usa and the uk . 
  this pointless nationalism will lead to a dark place . 
  is this like that joke about belgium not existing ? 
  alright but i do n't see what any of that has to do with socialism . 
  classical liberalism has always been a capitalist ideology . 
   because i post occasionally in the donald i am a fascist ? 
  i 'm actually a classical liberal and a member of a socialist party in ireland but whatever  . 
  you ca n't be both a classical liberal and a socialist , classical liberals are entirely capitalist and generally oppose even social democratic actions by the government . 
   then again , independence is not the only way . 
  just , you know , give concessions , give some rights . 
  did you know that , for example , even in donetsk with nearly 100 % russian-speaking population , the cinemas were n't allowed to show movies in russian ? 
  that 's no good , but no reason for a shooting war . 
  a civil rights movement surely would have done the trick when it 's possible to elect pro-russian leaders as it then was . 
  interesting reading that stuff , good luck with the economic development .
