not really . 
  the soviets were smashing the mujahideen until supplies came in from america . 
  more likely the soviets would have pacified afghanistan through genocide . 
  they are not supporting assad . 
  they 've taken a step back from trying to bring him down . 
  sorry , but you are the stereotypical leftist who has next to no knowledge about what he talks about , but still makes grand pronouncements about who is right and who is wrong . 
  if it 's inarguable , why do n't you prove it ? 
  a photo of john mccain with a jihadist -- i do n't remember any isis connection -- does not prove anything . 
  america has provided some rebels with training and arms . 
  how does that connect with an obligation to take syrian refugees ? 
  it 's assad who is doing most of the killing -- is america now obligated to let dictators slaughter innocent people so they do n't end up with refugees ? 
  the soviets killed a lot more people than the mujahideen . 
  they really were monstrous in that war , killing hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  supporting the mujahideen was not bad by comparison . 
  the enemies of assad have been largely backed by gulf states with relatively little american input . 
  and anyway , assad started the war , no ifs or buts about it . 
  in case you 're not aware , `` we '' did n't actually start the syrian civil war . 
  nor the afghan civil war , for that matter , since that was the soviet union , which was backing up afghan communists . 
  where afghanistan is concerned , america has probably reduced the number of refugees by getting rid of the taliban . 
  i think quite a few people would be fleeing a government that stones people to death for adultery and where the state is trying to wipe out hazaras . 
  but hey , 1/3 ai n't bad . 
  except obviously prohibiting sex work is not the same thing as opposing human trafficking . 
  it 's always nice when two opposing flavours of authoritarian can find a common cause . 
  where did i say killing people is n't bad ? 
  if we had settled australia without killing any aboriginal people , would that have been okay ? 
  would the aboriginal people just have to have dealt with it ? 
  i 'm honoured that my argument is one of the stupidest you 've seen considering you 're this sub 's self-appointed champion of migration . 
  you must have seen a lot , you brave man . 
  definitely . 
  the migrant-supporting agenda is a joined effort between corporatists and leftists . 
  look at the views of peter sutherland , for instance , a higher up in the un and the wto , and current chairman of goldman sachs . 
  his views are almost nakedly to break up nation states for the benefit of transnational organisations . 
  for instance , he opposes the eu selecting highly skilled immigrants . 
  why ? 
  because those are n't the ones who destroy cultures through sheer numbers and non-assimilation . 
  was it okay when we migrated to australia and easy overwhelmed the aboriginals by population ? 
  i mean , sure , there was some genocide , but if we had n't done that , would it have been all good ? 
  we 're all one species , after all , what do they have to complain about ? 
  eesti can into guidebook, 
  his original account would be shadowbanned . 
  telling you could get him shadowbanned ... 
  sure . 
  they say that when the election is running , but before you know it , they strip out all the policies like rudd did and the numbers start rising to hundreds per day like under the previous government . 
  even if they do n't do it right away , people like tanya plibersek and the greens will lobby until their hearts stop to change the policy , and ultimately they will succeed . 
  you do n't seem to be responding to what i 'm saying , so why should i bother talking to you ? 
  you 're australian , so you ca n't fall back on english being a second/third language . 
  i 'm not denying the `` media blackout '' , which is that the government informs the media about boats when it wants to . 
  that there is such a blackout does n't mean we have `` no information '' . 
  the media is still trying to get information . 
  they 're still leaking information when it reaches them , like with the bribery of crew . 
  they have nothing here because the government has succeeded , as is evidenced by other sources . 
   edit : i do n't see a single post in / r/australia in your history , so i guess that 's how you could n't know this . 
  lol . 
  `` checkmate '' . 
  so unless the media is independently collecting all our information , we do n't have information ? 
  but obviously the media would like nothing more than to provide evidence that the government has not succeeded in reducing asylum seeker numbers . 
  the media has n't come forward with anything because it has n't found anything because the government succeeded . 
  it did , however , locate information that the government bribed a boat 's crew to return to indonesia . 
  so it 's not totally incapable . 
  i refer to occam 's razor again . 
  denying the government 's verifiable reports in preference of a conspiracy theory where they are lying but nobody can prove them wrong , even though other things have been whistleblown , is a plain breach of common sense . 
  i do n't accept it . 
  report to / r/conspiracy where people are more comfortable with your thought processes . 
  we do have information . 
  we have the government 's assurance , the verifiable evidence that it has to offer , and the total and complete lack of evidence disproving the government 's assurances . 
  applying your standard , we could actually never believe anything , because someone could tell you something , show some proof for it , and despite you being unable to disprove it , you would still insist that it 's not true . 
  the scientific method would cease to exist . 
  sure , like asylum seekers could still be coming in the tens of thousands and there would be no proof of it , no whistleblowers , nothing . 
  this from a government that 's already proven inept in so many other things . 
  under the previous government , we had private individuals taking pictures of asylum seekers as they got off the boat on christmas island . 
  now , apparently , the government has perfectly suppressed all information . 
  [ even though we occasionally hear about people still trying , and failing , to come by boat . 
  like some vietnamese people recently . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-08-06/dutton-confirms-asylum-seekers-sent-back-to-vietnam/6676780 ) occam 's razor in action , right ? 
  not like they could actually have succeeded . 
  ha , i would n't bet on it . 
  if you ca n't vote out your government , their policies will never change . 
  as long as things never get so bad that people start rioting and thinking seriously about revolution , the eu will keep telling you about your deep human obligation to take every african that comes along . 
  then again , nobody in the warsaw pact thought they could get away from communism . 
  you may have some hope yet . 
  labor will probably win the election and demolish this policy and we 'll be just as screwed as the eu is . 
  all of the current government 's successes will be attributed to a `` global lull '' in asylum seekers or something to that effect , even though the eu is getting swamped with them . 
  that 's the trouble here . 
  while you have a right wing government , you can raise these sorts of barriers . 
  when the left comes in , they will knock them down . 
  with the eu , you have a permanent , transnational left wing government that can not be removed . 
  why is money always such a concern for detainment , but taking limitless numbers of asylum seekers is just humanitarian , damn the expenses ? 
  detention centres are n't cheap , but the savings will be vast . 
  is n't this just circular reasoning ? 
  they ca n't enter a country illegally if they are found to be refugees , but they can not be assessed as refugees until they enter the country illegally . 
  crimean tatars are not the native population of crimea . 
  they migrated to crimea centuries ago , sure , but that does n't make them native . 
  well , here in australia , the public housing is all in the cheapest parts of our cities , and certainly no public house has ever costed 1 million pounds . 
  if he is being subsidised to afford such an expensive house , obviously the subsidies can be cut or reduced to suit a cheaper place . 
  there 's no need to move people by force or even strong suggestion . 
  simply bringing them back to the reality that all working people face is enough . 
  you can only live where you can afford . 
  not really , it 's a good and honest rebuttal . 
  he would n't even be in britain if it was n't for the british government . 
  while it 's nice that iran and several countries under colonial administration hosted polish refugees for a year or so , that is n't analogous to what poland is expected to do here .
