  i 'm confused by the way that parts of ukraine that had just been taken from poland like lviv are said to be completely ukrainian . 
  i know that ethnic cleansing had taken place but it just seems unlikely that this could happen so fast . 
  i do n't know enough to comment more . 
  i think so , but i do n't think that it was particularly targeted against ukrainians : it was a genocide against agrarian peasants , whom the bolsheviks and particularly stalin wanted to destroy as a class . 
  it just happens that most of those peasants were in ukraine . 
  just look at this starvation map : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor#/media/file:ukraine_famine_map.png . 
  much of the worst starvation is in the volga region of russia . 
  edit : sorry , geography fail , the volga is n't quite as bad as the rest . 
  but still , a deliberate genocide would not have exceeded borders to go into areas populated by russians . 
  either way , it 's horrific and atrocious , and it should be a lesson to anyone who wants a `` new world order '' irrespective of the effect on human life . 
  not such a big thing anymore , but very big back between the turn of the century until the end of ww2 . 
  the last one is super cute !, 
  but they might not want to play up the bear thing if they 're trying to attract hikers . 
  thanks for that , i had n't known that the first attack was real . 
  learning is always the most important thing . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_of_tonkin_incident from what i know , most people now accept that this was a false-flag attack . 
  south vietnam never really had any legitimacy . 
  the usa allowed a coup against ngo dinh diem and a military dictatorship took power and fought the war . 
  when did the people ever have their chance to decide whether they wanted to resist the north ? 
  oh , for fuck 's sake , can you fucking read ? 
  the bbc article said :  nato formally ended its 13-year mission on sunday , but about 13,000 troops will stay to train the afghan army . 
  there 's your reaction . 
  you can print this post out and paste it up on your wall and masturbate every day thinking about how you managed to play the fool long enough to piss off someone on the internet . 
   so i 'm now dealing with a person who uses the radical muslim terrorists squatting in caves as a source for saying they are fighting nato now , because of the fact that nato have never said they are at war with the taliban ? 
   because nato are n't at war with the taliban ? 
  honestly , this is so irrational that i 'm not sure what to say in response . 
  nato is fighting the taliban . 
  i provided a link to nato 's website that says this :  ** nato led the international security assistance force ( isaf ) in afghanistan from august 2003 to december 2014 . 
  ** isaf was deployed at the request of the country 's authorities and mandated by the united nations . 
  ** its mission was to enable the afghan authorities to provide effective security across the country and ensure that the country would never again be a safe haven for terrorists . 
  isaf conducted security operations , while also training and developing the afghan security forces . 
  ** following a three-year transition process during which the afghans gradually took the lead for security across the country , isaf 's mission was completed at the end of 2014 . 
  with that , afghans assumed full responsibility for security . 
  it is now fully in the hands of the country 's 352,000 soldiers and police , which isaf helped train over the past years . 
  however , support for the continued development of the afghan security forces and institutions and wider cooperation with afghanistan continue . 
  which terrorists do you think they 're referring to exactly ? 
  i came across this quote by thomas paine yesterday and i 'm pleased to get a chance to use it now :  `` to argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason , and whose philosophy consists in holding humanity in contempt , is like administering medicine to the dead , or endeavoring to convert an atheist by scripture . '' i do hope you 'll regain the use of your reason someday . 
  but i 'm not going to spend anymore time trying to get you there . 
   til in australia trolling means `` i ca n't refute what you 're saying but i 'm too proud to admit it . '', 
  no , everywhere trolling means making comments like this one : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33kpns/poroshenko_wants_referendum_on_nato/cqlx53c?context=3 you are a troll . 
  that does n't mean everything you say is wrong , but there is no doubt at all that you use troll tactics . 
   allright so , just so we 're clear : you think nato 's fighting the taliban ? 
  i 'm so glad you said this so i can expose you for the clueless idiot you are : http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/69772.htm & http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30626728 . 
  if you have any intellectual honesty , you 'll bow out now for knowing absolutely nothing . 
   no , being part of a big , rich , successful country/union/military alliance means i get to call for our big , rich , powerful armies to do their jobs . 
  ireland is n't even in nato : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality you are actually so embarrassing . 
  i wish i had n't spent this time talking to someone so clueless . 
  nevermind how cringeworthy it is for some nobody on the internet to be saying that he has some kind of authority over what his country can do . 
   you 're welcome to sign up for the russian military though . 
  i 'm sure their jingoistic rhetoric and unilteral aggression would suit your temperment perfectly . 
  that 's funny , because actually , i 'm the one who does n't want my country to get involved in a war , and you 're the one who does , and somehow i 'm the jingoistic one . 
  you 're really very trollish , you know ? 
   if you brought ukraine into nato you 'd see a sudden shocking evaporation of russian arms , armamenets and military support to ukraine . 
  thanks for your assessment , general / u/nilbop . 
   you got me laughing at the sheer absurdity of your arguement . 
  nice one , / u/nowhrmn . 
  i know , how silly to look at nato 's record in fighting another insurgency when discussing how well it 'll do against this insurgency . 
   i 'll have to somehow soldier on without your mighty approval . 
  if you 're a soldier , i highly recommend you volunteer in ukraine right now . 
  they desperately need people like you . 
  well , if you brought ukraine into nato than russia would essentially already be in a proxy war with nato , would n't it ? 
  the scenario i was just describing , by the way , is one of a proxy war . 
  also , russia 's army is not `` soviet-era '' and they certainly have the capacity to bleed nato using rebel proxies . 
  you ca n't even defeat the taliban , for fuck 's sake . 
  as far as australia , oh well . 
  on the plus side , we wo n't have to go to war in ukraine on behalf of people like you . 
  there was n't anything ambiguous in what i said . 
  if you have a point , please make it now , rather than spamming the thread with nonsensical games . 
   does ukraine get a guarantee that russia wo n't intervene like it did last time ? 
  ukraine would n't have had any trouble earlier , either , sans russia . 
  russia will never intervene in the numbers that ukraine could theoretically raise if they wished to . 
  do you really think russia would send in hundreds of thousands of troops ? 
  the whole point of this scheme has been to make it appear that the rebellion is real and organic . 
  russia would become a giant north korea if they actually did a full invasion of ukraine . 
  edit : corrected quote . 
  is there a very clever point being made here ? 
   while i 'm not sure why we 'd be `` at risk '' from mobilization against rebel forces , russia already is supplying the rebels with the good stuff . 
  you think they get tanks and artillery and training to use buks just out of thin air ? 
  the next step is a full-on invasion , which nato presence would protect against . 
  because you 'd end up in a conflict that would be very bitter and violent , with russia doing everything possible to bleed nato forces to death without itself being directly attacked . 
  imagine seeing your f16s shot down by s400s , and seeing the rebels with vast arrays of brand new tanks and artillery . 
  it 'll be like what afghanistan was for the soviet forces in the 80s . 
   but if you 're afraid of russia sending the pacific fleet down to canberra , well , write your prime minister . 
  i 'm not afraid of that at all . 
  i 'd be happy to see australia join nato . 
  we 're a stable country that 's not currently at war and probably wo n't ever be attacked . 
  ukraine is anything but . 
  only small portions of the russian army are in ukraine , and those portions do not have anywhere near the full support that russia would provide if it did an official invasion . 
  ukraine should be able to beat them . 
  they could beat them , if they would fight hard enough . 
   it actually was a great doctrine to have , so i 'm not quite understanding the sarcasm here . 
  it absolutely , positively , certainly was not a good doctrine to have . 
  it was based on the premise that communism was one monolithic movement and as such , if one country fell to communism , the next one was sure to follow because a global movement was pulling the strings . 
  the `` domino theory '' . 
  that 's not what was happening in real life . 
  communist leaders used communism as a means to accomplish varying goals : for ho chi mihn , he was more a nationalist than anything else . 
  for kim il sung , he wanted to establish a dynasty . 
  for pol pot ... well , i have no idea , but he was nothing like any other communist of the time . 
  they were not unified at all . 
  vietnam ended up invading cambodia a few years after america left .
