  which of these countries actually border warzones ? 
  lebanon is not even allowing new refugee camps to be constructed for syrians in case they stay past the war . 
  lebanon has third-generation palestinian residents who will never receive lebanese citizenship . 
  a mere numbers comparison does not reveal much at all when european countries have far more obligations to their refugees than middle eastern ones . 
  we are bombing them . 
  how are things under your rock ? 
  that 's pretty unbelievable . 
  australians would be furious at something like that ; it 'd be at the front of all the tabloids . 
  how is bavaria so lacking in public housing ? 
  or any facilities to hold refugees ? 
  you do n't seem to understand that no true scotsman applies where there are no rules to what someone is claiming to be , i.e. , a scotsman . 
  if there was a rulebook of what a true scotsman is and you had to meet those rules to be a scotsman , you could indeed say someone is not a true scotsman . 
  religions have rules . 
  we can use those rules to decide if someone is a true christian or true muslim . 
  are there any examples of farmers being imprisoned for this ? 
  in fact , as a runner up , give me any examples of someone being imprisoned for buying these items -- and nothing further . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_banu_qurayza hope you 'll be a real historian and not an islam apologist . 
  i like them , but the downvoting is vicious so this thread wo n't go far . 
  also , i think people are being really nasty to dclauzel for basically no reason . 
  wow , what an angry post . 
  i like it and i can only speak english fluently . 
  multilingualism is a european specialty . 
  it 's not dirty or a secret . 
  pretty disappointing . 
  you have all these talking points available to you , formed and refined by the finest politicians and academics , and you 're not even going to make use of them . 
   we have had a lot of immigration to this country for thousands of years and those immigrants have been crucial to developing our culture in the first place . 
  you 've deployed one of the ultimate , irrefutable arguments . 
  now , follow it up by saying : * britain does not really have a culture . 
  * there have always been africans/muslims/whatever in britain . 
  * immigrants are a net benefit to the economy ( but do not differentiate the immigrant groups ) . 
  * britain needs to accept hundreds of thousands of immigrants per year as part of its undefined and neverending penance for colonialism . 
  * you 're all ** racists ** . 
  lol , fucking move on . 
  i swear , eastern europeans would like the world to think that europe does n't even have an east . 
  since so much of the violence in syria and libya are a result of the populations not being able to accept one another 's views , i mean ... yeah . 
  that 's basically the definition of sectarianism . 
  see al-nusra massacring a village full of druze , isis murdering everyone who 's not a salafi sunni muslim , the former islamist government in libya starting a civil war because they did n't win the most recent election , the assad regime blatantly discriminating against sunnis . 
  much of it is a consequence of simply not being able to respect differences . 
  i think it 's more like people are tired of being held hostage by shitholes like libya that crow about sovereignty when half the country is controlled by islamist rebels and is being used to fuck up europe . 
  i think turkey should lead by example . 
  europe can see how millions of migrants go in turkey and then decide if they want that or not . 
  1 . international law forbids action . 
  we can not change international law . 
  see 1 and 2 . 
  the guy i replied to is being downvoted for saying the nazis were unambiguously the worst side in ww2 . 
  he 's at -5 right now . 
  this sub has gone off the deep end if people here do n't agree with that . 
  hahaha , it 's like how confederate southerners eventually managed to convince ignorant people that the civil war was really about states ' rights . 
  but this is the european edition . 
  people hate russia so much that the nazis are n't even the worst side in ww2 anymore . 
  jesus it 's really become fucking crazy now . 
  well , we know which genocidal army finland preferred !, 
  but no , obviously i prefer no genocidal armies . 
  well , aside from the aggressive war that finland collaborated with germany to launch , i 'd probably touch on these three things : * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_prisoners_of_war_in_finland#deaths * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5th_ss_panzer_division_wiking, 
  i 'm sorry , i forgot that not selectively viewing things as though one side in a conflict did everything wrong and the other side was as pure as snow is `` whataboutism '' . 
  because almost everyone did bad things in ww2 , but there 's only one country that anyone still gives a fuck about . 
  i could post every single day about massacres done by every belligerent in ww2 . 
  every day would be a `` 73 years ago today , german forces murdered an entire belorussian village for the actions of three partisans '' . 
  `` 72 years ago today , bengal suffered a famine that killed millions of people because britain redirected food supplies to support the war effort in europe . '', 
  `` 71 years ago today , america killed 500,000 people in tokyo after firebombing the city into ashes . '', 
  ** and what would be the point but to foment anger and aggression ? 
  right , if you 're scared than there are no rules , you can help germany 's genocidal army invade the soviet union after slaughtering and raping its way through poland , czech republic , france , etc. 
  and nobody should even say anything . 
  if only all the russians would fucking die , finland could finally feel safe . 
  how legitimate . 
  by the way , this was in peacetime . 
  if anyone cares . 
  great argument , i expect you 'll get gold for this one . 
  should n't you call me a stalinbot , anyway ? 
  yes , and 73 years , 11 months and 8 days ago , finland will help germany launch operation barbarossa which will go on to kill millions of soviet civilians . 
  let 's all just grievance monger . 
  75 years ago is the new today . 
  if colonialism had never happened , you would still have an obligation to take unwanted immigrants for some other reason . 
  do n't mistake a pretext for an actual reason . 
  it has nothing to do with colonialism and everything to do with a flimsy guilt tactic to fulfil a belief that they would have regardless of any circumstance . 
  russia would be doing a lot better if they had just gone on a killing spree instead of annexing territory . 
  what a disappointment , in / r/worldnews there would already be 500 comments of hilarious memes . 
  it 's like he 's just begging for the media to misrepresent him . 
  but macedonia just had an albanian terrorist attack . 
  if afghanistan is anything to go by , attacks by terrorists give you a basis to call for nato assistance . 
  so you might actually have to send troops to stablise things if another insurgency happens . 
  it 's a view without nuance because of the close integration between the eu and nato that has led to the eu not needing a military force of its own . 
  in terms of members , libya had enough to be an eu action . 
  your definition also required that the eu give a direct statement of support to the action . 
  but when all of the eu 's powers but germany and poland are participating in a military action set up by the eu 's close associate and partner , why is this necessary ? 
  it 's outside the eu 's mandate to comment at all , because it 's not a military organisation and has little to do with that . 
  if you choose to take a view without any nuance then yes , the eu superstructure can not do aggressive actions because it has no army and leaves military applications to nato . 
  but when nearly all of the eu is in nato , and nato is integrated and relied upon by the eu , it 's an empty distinction to make . 
  you can be pedantic if you want . 
  i think that 's what most people would prefer to be here . 
  belgium , bulgaria , denmark , france , greece , italy , netherlands , romania , spain , sweden and the united kingdom all participated in libya . 
  together they have most of the eu 's military power and together they could essentially pressure the eu into any action , but they do n't because the eu is not relevant as a military force . 
  nato itself contains even more eu members than the participants in libya . 
   sounds good what 's the arguement against the argument against is that it 's still an aggressive action to attack another country that has n't attacked and wo n't attack another country first . 
  you can say the aggression is justified , yes , but it is still aggression . 
   well it sounds like the unsc resolution on libya must have been really restrictive according to you right yeah , and they exceeded that mandate by striking the regime everywhere . 
  they took `` protect civilians '' as `` make sure the rebels win the civil war '' . 
  the main issue is that your definition is arbitrary . 
  why does it need to be ten eu members ? 
  there might not even be ten eu members with the ability to fight outside their borders .
