  which middle east country was accepting poles as refugees ? 
  is it a very popular country with the middle eastern refugees ? 
  you mean like this wiki article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_indigenous_peoples ? 
  i do n't know why i 'm bothering , honestly . 
  you know perfectly well that that one gesture is n't the only thing we 've done to recognise the genocide of aboriginal people . 
  this is just a sad attempt to deflect from the actively denialist stance of the turkish government and many of the turkish people . 
  nothing the west does will ever be enough , but turkey is free to do nothing . 
  whatever , dude . 
  if you want to leave it at that , you can . 
  i do n't particularly care . 
  certainly it would be foolish to pretend this anti-semitism is totally different from all the other anti-semitism that has ever been . 
  there 's never been a time in jewish history when we have n't been connected to some larger , more insidious group . 
  obviously shooting up a french jewish supermarket is nothing but an act of anti-semitism . 
  justifying it with reference to zionism is nothing more than a shoddy pretext , like the nazis justified their actions with reference to one hundred jewish conspiracies . 
  even if he was genuinely motivated by a hatred of zionism , this hatred manifested itself as nothing more than anti-semitism . 
  there was no blow struck against zionism by attacking french jews . 
  all these attacks have done is justify zionism . 
  yes , there is a link between overseas jewish institutions and israel . 
  it does n't justify anything at all , except strong , non-violent criticism . 
  if you want to make a list of paper-thin justifications for anti-semitism , there 's no reason to exclude the 30s and 40s . 
  they are very informative . 
  edit : i 'm sure this wo n't help my popularity ( cause i still remember the time i criticised finland for joining operation barbarossa , and you guys sure showed me the error of my ways with your downvotes ) but you can look at anti-zionism as a pretext for anti-semitism in communist countries as an example of how this can operate . 
  see for instance : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_polish_political_crisis, 
   again , i 'm not justifying blind anti-semitism , but just to give you an example : one of the people who was killed in the french grocery attack had just completed , what is called a `` birthright '' trip to israel , and was apparently considering aaliyah ( or emigration to israel ) . 
  i 'm hoping to go on one of those trips too , hopefully nobody kills me when i 'm at the supermarket . 
   so this young man might have been on his way to join an army unit that could have in the future been used in a military operation in gaza , lebanon or to oversee the occupation of the west bank . 
  basically as valid as nazis killing jews because they could be part of the judeo-bolshevik conspiracy to destroy germany . 
   edit : also , i want to be very clear in saying this : i 'm trying to explain and open up the way i think these people committing anti-jewish attacks reason with themselves . 
  i 'm not building some kind of moral or legal case for them . 
  i do n't think you are either , but this logic is not really any better than the logic used by anti-semites from day one . 
  yesterday it was global jewry that all jews represented , today it is israel . 
  the only difference is that israel actually exists . 
  probably because people realise that a few hundred is just the beginning . 
  look , i can tell you for a fact that we do , all the time . 
  you probably hear about it less because nobody is denying them . 
  http://www.australiangeographic.com.au/topics/history-culture/2010/11/aboriginal-massacre-site-commemorated/ here is one , if you 're actually interested . 
  could we do more ? 
  sure . 
  but at least we call it what it was , unlike overly defensive turks . 
  they do all the time . 
  maybe if you lived in the west you would know . 
  riot !!, 
  maybe immigrants are not an absolute value and can actually vary in quality , i do n't know . 
  something really wild like that . 
  it was n't an assumption . 
  you just said that you could n't get a job . 
  i guess you could have added a disclaimer . 
  anyway , maybe automation will replace human labour and maybe it wo n't . 
  until then , able bodied people do n't have a right to sit back and depend on public largesse . 
  that 's not being hyper-capitalistic , it 's only being reasonable . 
  i do n't think any country has so many go-getters that they can support all the people who would n't work if they had a choice . 
  http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/oh-just-get-a-job.jpg nice meme !, 
  all i 'm saying is that even in the left-wing utopia where wealth inequality no longer exists , you 'll still have to work . 
  lenin himself said that those who wo n't work also wo n't eat . 
  nothing capitalistic about it , comrade . 
  europe got to where it is now by ending the libyan civil war . 
  now libya is in another civil war . 
  it 's wishful thinking to imagine europe can stop the war in syria . 
  are 18 year olds children in sweden ? 
  then let us ignore this incident and say no more of it , ever, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_and_justice_party_ ( egypt ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice_and_development_party_ ( turkey ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice_and_construction_party yeah , pretty much . 
  sure , if you think that the mods own the subreddits . 
  but they do n't . 
  reddit owns it and reddit does n't want them to close it . 
  we should n't have to make new subreddits because some hooligan mods are abusing their powers against reddit 's property . 
  it would n't be hard for reddit to expand their staff . 
  conde nast can easily afford to replace moderators who are willing to directly interfere with the major subs and cut revenue . 
  how many moderators are there in total on all the default subs ? 
  maybe 60 ? 
  this is n't like a strike or whatever you want it to be . 
  when you become a liability , you 'll just be removed and replaced . 
  the only leverage you have is the idea that users will rally behind the moderators . 
  but moderators are pretty unpopular on most subs and i , personally , would n't be sorry to see a lot of you go . 
  many of you seem to be quite biased and interventionist . 
  i do n't know how else you can protest . 
  maybe if you stopped moderating for a week ? 
  but that 'd also be a good way to get kicked out . 
  in any case , you chose a bad time . 
  if the people in charge think you 're protesting primarily over victoria being fired , they probably wo n't have sympathy for your plight . 
  anyway , hopefully you do n't shut down / r/europe . 
  this idea you have that you own this sub is unfortunately just delusion . 
  it belongs to reddit . 
  you 've got no right to shut it down . 
  i 'm pretty sure you guys are going to lose even more powers if you think you can cut reddit 's revenue over one person being fired and a lack of admin powers . 
  some of you will probably be fired and deservedly so . 
  no major company should tolerate this kind of tantrum . 
  it 's probably about time the default subs had professional moderators . 
   people of different cultures have lived together since forever . 
  multiculturalism in itself is n't a terrorist threat but when people of a culture are discriminated they will often resort to terrorism . 
  which cultures have ever resorted to terrorism because of discrimination ? 
  terrorism has always been the result of ideology , political or religious , or as a war tactic , from what i can tell . 
  except we have a very restrictive immigration policy that basically only allows the richest and best educated of the given society to migrate , and europe is dealing with any random person with the money to get on a boat . 
  so we can dump the first part because all that 's needed is for your country to be in total war or for your country to be ruled by a tyrannical dictator like in eritrea , so there 's no need for anyone 's particular home town to see any danger . 
  i think smugglers must be doing a lot of raping if they 're raping everyone they smuggle . 
  i mean , it does n't seem like a good business model . 
  some non-raping smuggler would probably take over the market if you insisted on raping all of your customers . 
  correct that the boat trip is probably very shitty and scary , but the young men taking it are willing to risk their lives to move to europe . 
  it is news to me that refugees are unable to leave italy once they arrive there . 
  which of these countries have given their refugees citizenship ? 
  which of these countries are doing more than allowing refugee camps to exist inside their borders ?
