  the doctrine embroiled america into a war that it could n't win on a false premise . 
  that is not a good doctrine . 
  australia was wrong . 
  the only thing we got out of the vietnam war was a bargaining chip that america would help us if we ever faced a crisis of our own . 
  it 's the same reason we keep joining america 's military adventures : because we 're afraid that if we say no , one day the world will ditch us . 
   i am not , and never in my life will be , ok with turning my back on people that are seeking our help . 
  people that are afraid . 
  people that want a closer relationship with us . 
  look , this is all well and good , but it 's an idea that will get you into every war in the world if you try to apply it . 
  ukraine is not under an existential threat . 
  it 's not in a state of total war . 
  if the ukrainian people so wished , they could destroy the rebels . 
  they have a vast advantage in numbers and materials . 
  they just do n't care that much that a mostly russian , now utterly ruined province has seceded . 
  they do n't want to spill their blood to get it back . 
  so why should americans go and do it ? 
  you understand that you just created a whataboutism that i never said or implied ? 
  that 's called a strawman , if you 're trying to learn the correct terminology . 
  anyway , unless you want to fight in every war in the world , you may consider whether a country is putting all of its resources into fighting before trying to intervene . 
  because ukraine has 45 million people and an army of , what , 50,000 ? 
  and all the soviet military surplus they could ever need to equip those people . 
  why exactly do you want your people to die for ukraine when ukrainians are n't willing to do it themselves ? 
  how is that whataboutism ? 
  do you ... even know what a whataboutism is ? 
  it 's not the ukrainian people 's choice to either join nato or to deploy the citizens of nato countries to fight their war for them . 
  i think it 's worth recalling that ukraine is fighting a group that is , by every measure , much weaker than ukraine itself . 
  it 's the fault of ukrainians that they can not defeat the rebels . 
  if you want to send your sons to make up for the fact that ukrainians wo n't fight in the numbers that the state needs to defeat the rebels ... well , that 's your country 's decision to make . 
  the point of nato is to defend countries that are within nato . 
  it is n't to be the world police . 
  yes , i remember vietnam . 
  what a great doctrine that was . 
  ukraine is different because it 's already at war . 
  if ukraine joined nato now , you 'd be in maximum danger of immediate mobilisation against rebel forces , whom russia might end up arming with the very best weapons they have . 
  if it 's worth it for you , by all means , write your congressman . 
  you want to risk going to war over ukraine ? 
  if refugees ca n't be settled in cambodia because cambodia is too bad for them , does that mean everyone in cambodia has a right to live in australia ? 
  hopefully you also hate the muslims ( note that i am just carrying your fairly ridiculous theme of ascribing nationalist actions to religions ) who fire rockets knowing that the response will be terrible for their people . 
  there was also not any carpet bombing at all . 
  i 'm australian and the post is nonsense . 
  refugee numbers have dropped dramatically . 
  his argument is that they 're still the same and the government is just suppressing them , as though the market has n't reacted in two years to the fact that settlement in australia is n't happening . 
  but it has . 
  the prices to get on the boats fell dramatically within the first few months of the new government and the trade has largely dried up . 
  it 's pretty sad when you 'll accept any lies and spin as long as there 's a flag attached to it . 
  he did n't even provide any sources . 
  we 're soooooo evil over here in australia . 
  you europeans are so superior having thousands of people drowning all the time . 
  look at afghanistan . 
  you ca n't do anything . 
  you 're just moving the goalposts now . 
  we were n't talking about why he 's revered as a hero ; he 's revered as a hero by the same sorts of delusional people who still revere cromwell as a hero or other monsters of the sort . 
  you said :  i was never terribly clear on why stalin was less reviled than hitler or mussolini , and i told you why . 
  because he was instrumental in preventing the genocide of the soviet population by germany and their puppets . 
  it 's a pretty huge accomplishment , no matter how terrible his other crimes , and it puts him well above people like hitler who achieved very little of benefit to germany . 
  you 're right , soviet peoples . 
  armenians and georgians probably would have gotten it as well . 
  i 'm not saying that stalin was not a genocidal monster in his own right , but you were being pretty ignorant to say that his saving grace was keeping the soviet union together . 
  his saving grace was enabling the soviet union and its population to survive an attempt at total extermination . 
  as far as how someone else might have done , it does n't matter . 
  you could say this about any wartime leader in history . 
   considering his saving grace was that through uncountable loss of life he held one of the most oppressive , systemically corrupt states in modern history together . 
  well , it 's more like he prevented a total genocide of russian peoples and complete annexation of russian territory for the use of german settlers . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the majority of people could n't care less . 
  you can feel superior about that if you want . 
  oh god i guess i lose then . 
  except i was n't counting to the day so whatever . 
  i could link more but i 'm too lazy to contend with this degree of pedantry , so i guess you win : no nationalist murders or bombings in europe since april 4 2010 . 
   in the last 5 years ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/04/04/us-eta-france-idustre6330i020100404 why make it so easy ? 
  there are plenty of relatively small incidents to choose from . 
  hillary was literally hitler even though only / r/conspiracy knew it before this election . 
  my private parts have been secretly turkish this whole time . 
  this is getting a bit fashy . 
  hopefully the government wo n't post any badges for those people . 
  did i claim to be an expert or something ? 
  you can stop with the trolling and tell me how i 'm wrong that finland cut leningrad off from the north and did n't allow supplies through , thus contributing to the famine . 
  oh no , you have uncovered my secret identity of ... nikolai ... whoever . 
  look , i think you know your part in it , finland encircled part of leningrad and therefore contributed to the starvation that happened in there . 
  why the fuck people are so sensitive about this basic fact is just a mystery to me . 
  the siege of leningrad is atrocious and criminal enough to go a little bit beyond just fighting the ussr . 
  but they were n't deeply involved and did n't go to the lengths that germany requested . 
  helped to enforce the siege of leningrad though ... 
  one does feel compelled to invest in eastern poland . 
   uk sovereignty how about ukraine sovereignty ? 
  galloway loves all dictators , but * corbyn * , really ? 
  really dude ? 
  he almost wiped out the population of the island of banda and made the survivors slaves because they defied a crazy treaty . 
  thousands died in the punitive action . 
  that 's no hero for anyone . 
   china also objected to a joint statement on climate change , same as the us . 
  so did india . 
  you do n't know that because you allow yourself to be manipulated and neglect to notice things like this : i did know that . 
  i confess that i read it in this thread . 
   here 's another headline for you : https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/mar/07/solar-power-growth-worldwide-us-china-uk-europe this is a discussion about governments , not populations . 
   it also might be worth comparing the us to australia on this table : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita oh boy , you got me . 
  i love our right-wing government so much that i am very appreciative of their efforts , which are similar to those of trump . 
  we used to have a carbon tax . 
  where is your carbon tax ? 
   climate change is objectively real , but it 's not objectively certain how much of an impact mankind has on it .
