wait , no bidet ? 
  some times it has been in africa , sometimes it has been in europe , but the strait acting as the frontier is really a rare situation . 
  it 's all about history . 
  regarding gibraltar , it was not conquered during a war between spain and uk , dutch and english forces took it while supporting one of the sides in the spanish succession war , kind of a dick move . 
  and some of the expansions uk did on the territory where dick moves too . 
  during a epidemic , it requested spain permission to settle a temporal hospital beyond the gibraltar limits . 
  spain agreed as long as uk retreated back to the original border after the epidemic was over , but uk never went back . 
  the other expansion was done while spain was in the civil war . 
  so yes , not only spain got no official help by the uk to fight against the coup , but they seize the opportunity to expand gibraltar . 
  add some other issues like smuggling and the tax stuff and you may get an idea . 
  regarding ceuta and melilla , it is worth to check some history and the relationship the iberian peninsula had with those two cities . 
  just before the invasion of the peninsula by muslim forces , ceuta was already part of the visigothic kingdom . 
  back in ancient times , many countries had territories on both sides of the mediterranean . 
  instead of how we see it today , as a division of europe and africa , it was a binding force allowing for ships to sail between cities . 
  when the reconquista started and push to recover the conquered lands started , there was no reason not to include ceuta . 
  i mean , we are not even talking about a far sail to reach it , you can see ceuta from mainland spain . 
  regarding melilla , it started as a phoenician trading outpost ( like other cities in mainland spain ) , but it was abandoned after the muslim invasion of north africa . 
  it was refounded by the caliphate of cordoba in 926 , and from there it was tied to the peninsula . 
   but the thing is that both ceuta and melilla ended up in the iberian sphere of influence due to the reconquista . 
  no , the influence goes way before the reconquista . 
  ceuta was part of the visigothic iberian kingdom around 700 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visigothic_kingdom#/media/file:hispania_700_ad.png melilla was refounded ( it was abandoned before ) by the caliphate of cordoba in 926, 
  and `` mucha mierda '' in spanish, 
  i just go my visa today , and i will be moving there in a few weeks , so i will say most likely my opinion is going to better than most of the answers . 
  there are a lot of things i admire from the us , but still , i am going because it will be a nice life experience , but after a few years , i want to come back to europe, 
  i 've drink way more fanta as an adult than a kid . 
  always mixed with vodka or rum , though, 
  no , it is not . 
  you do n't allow a mob to rule , you put limits . 
  it does not matter if 51 % wants to kill all gingers , it wo n't happen, 
  the will of the majority has limits . 
  it is not something sacred . 
  i remember i was having a chat with my great grandmother . 
  she was already in his nineties , but she had awesome memory . 
  she was telling me a story about when she was my age ( around 14 ) . 
  casually she mentioned `` it was when they killed that archduke and the war started '' . 
  i was mind blown . 
  and now i am sad because i miss her . 
  seattle area . 
  i 've been there several times , and i like it . 
  thanks !, 
  yup , i was aware it is a paid federal holiday ( i will be relocating to the us in a matter of weeks ) . 
  but yes , he was quite the scumbag . 
  our history class focused a lot on the exploration drive , the will to spread religion and some figures like bartolome de las casas that defended the natives . 
  thing like `` encomiendas '' ( basically , slavery ) are mentioned , but not too much . 
  when i was taught about it in school , good things and bad things were pointed , but the net total was still positive . 
  my history teacher was a bit special , though . 
  she was quite old and became a teacher when franco was still around . 
  there are many factors , but one has to be with the `` good salary barrier '' . 
  let 's consider it . 
  if you end up with a crappy salary in it ( 16k - 25k ) , is very hard to leave that salary range , but if you break the ceiling , suddenly jobs for 45k + , 60k + start to appear . 
  and i do n't think is for it only . 
  i have one friend that said the same , he suddenly managed to get a job paying 1200 net more per month . 
  and the difference of 1600 net to 2800 is huge . 
  pretty sure there are other factors too, 
  yeah , i would say that colon and the conquistadores are loosing some of the good vibe they had when i was a kid . 
  i barely remember the 500 year anniversary , but in school , they were still viewed with a positive light, 
  portugal ? 
  seeing most maps i thought it was engulfed by the ocean . 
  are you still there ? 
  the morning shower is a must to properly wake up . 
  i will take another one the days i go to the gym or if it is specially hot, 
  michael robinson , the soccer commentator . 
  or boris izaguirre . 
  rafaela carr\u00e1 ... but i was expecting to remember more names edit : fixing auto-correct gore, 
  same case , i am already getting tested every three months , so why not . 
  but i reckon it may be a delicate topic to bring up for discussion, 
  i would say `` bocadillos '' , just regular sandwiches . 
  they helped me survive all those saturday nights when going out, 
  yup , me neither . 
  it seems my knowledge of women underwear is not as good as i would like to think . 
  thankfully . 
  it gets so hot here sometimes that even the computer suffers a lot . 
  i did not have ac on my first flat , and during the summer i had to under lock my pc or it would become unstable ( not to mention how i was suffering ) . 
  since then , i wo n't rent a house in madrid without ac in the rooms, 
  true , although it is considered something excepcional , like an apology . 
  nothing like spaniards killing spaniards to keep things going , apparently . 
  yup , mine are also quite localized in northern spain . 
  not to mention that out of the 8 surnames , three are repeated twice ( and in all cases , it was because my grandparent had the surnames repeated ) , effectively meaning i know only five . 
  out of my sixteen great-grandparents , 6 married someone with the same surname . 
  i am glad i have no apparent inbreeding defects . 
  edit : 6 out of 8 great-grandparents , not 16 . 
  now i am even more amazed i have no genetic issues . 
  and that a group of soldiers did n't believe the war was over, 
  hard to imagine . 
  if the military power in the region shifts from nato to the eu , switzerland is in a nice position . 
  they do n't need a common defense treaty with the eu , they can expect no eu military invasion and an attack from any other nation is almost impossible ( well , maybe liechtenstein could try ), 
  you need to show your kerbal space program designs / s, 
  they do n't happen often . 
  as far as i know , only twice ( in 1992 for the maastricht treaty and during the crisis , in 2011 , to ensure debt has preferential payment ) . 
  however , things like a referendum in catalonia may require a constitution change , giving it some relevance ( pp does not have majority in the lower house , but it does have it in the upper house ), 
  spain . 
  i would say figureheads . 
  besides constitution changes , any decision by the upper house to reject a proposal from the lower house can eventually be overridden by that lower house after a small period of time . 
  a moderate ? 
  i never thought i would see one in this war !, 
  it would be the first time the ransom is asked to keep the kidnapped person . 
  i have to add iberian ham and paella there . 
  and also , regarding the tortilla , with or without ? 
  usually spain is great , but for you , it will be a poor chance , as you will miss the opportunity of learning a new language . 
  even if you go to a region with its own language , you will not be hard pressed to learn the new language,
