  will start with strawberries soon vegetables : potatoes , lettuce , spinach ( easy to keep frozen ) carbs : rice and spaghetti or similar bread : baguette nuts : sunflower seeds , popular here and i am an addict meat : i have an iberian ham leg , besides that , sometimes i may have other types of pork , chicken or rabbit . 
  most of my protein intake comes from fish , though, 
  never went to a consum . 
  i know lidl is funny in the sense you may see laptops selling next to the bananas ( joking , but not that far from reality ) i really like carrefour as it was the one closer to my home . 
  menos casona how ver has really good `` white brand '' products ( i do n't remember if that is how you say it in english ) and very competitive prices, 
  spain here , and oh boy , we do have extra languages . 
  first , everybody speaks spanish , so it is usually the language to use if you are speaking with someone from a different region on a personal note , i am from asturias . 
  we have a language there , but is not as protected as the other official languages beside spanish , so it is in decline . 
  i would n't say i am able to speak it , but reading or hearing it sounds perfectly natural ( county announcements are in asturian ) . 
  my brain does not identify it as a different language , so i sometimes had issues differentiating which words were shared with spanish and which ones are exclusive . 
  after 8 years in madrid , i do n't usually have issues except when i return from spending some weeks back at home . 
  i do not speak a single word of galician or catalan , although i sometimes can understand expressions . 
  if you give me context , i can understand quite a lot ( some words and constructs are similar to spanish , some are similar to asturian ) . 
  galician accent is harder than the catalan one , even if they are next to asturias . 
  for basque , that one is a big no when it comes to understand it . 
  i spent my childhood in navarra , so i am able to pick some isolated words , specially place names and signs , but in general , i am completely lost there, 
  i would like to act offended by your comment , but sadly , you are right . 
  may be out of fear for a ticket , but yeah , i think most people here will wait . 
  the fine for a red light is not to be taken lightly ( i would wait even knowing there is no hidden camera , though ), 
  when i was a kid ( in navarra ) , i remember that going to the supermarket was `` vamos al leclerc '' , but i never saw one once we moved to asturias . 
  i know there is one in gasteiz , and i saw at least one in madrid . 
  i 've looked and i found this : https://www.e-leclerc.es/tiendas not the most common one , 17 in total , but still worth mentioning, 
  here in spain , we may have a tendency to call certain country a bunch of pirates or guess the profession of the mothers of another country that has a tendency to destroy our trucks at the border , but those are 100 % not immigration related . 
  and are said mostly joking . 
  cute , but i had no idea about it, 
  all those three are quite common in spain ( although leclerc may be uncommon in some regions ) . 
  carrefour used to be known ( many years ago ) as pryca , and auchan is still known as alcampo you can also add some like eroski , hipercor ... 
  there are plenty, 
  you call them rats now , but if situation is bad enough , they may be called dinner, 
  23 % of my regular income after taxes ( not counting things like on-call duty from time to time ) this is in madrid , but i am aware i have a higher than average salary and a below average apartment ( small , not in the greatest neighborhoods and a price agreed after the bubble bursted that , kindly , my landlord has never raised . 
  one advice i got from my parents was to always avoid a rent higher than one third of my salary . 
  it was a good advice, 
  i remember my first years in college . 
  gauss was everywhere . 
  whether it was calculus , algebra , physics , statistics , optics ... 
  if you go to wikipedia , the `` known for '' section says `` see full list '' . 
  and it 's a fucking long one, 
  i know the eu was working on the standardization of degrees when i was a student ( the bologne thing ) . 
  is it still a problem ? 
  living in madrid . 
  got one internet outage one wednesday at three am around one month ago and another one three/four months ago at the same hour . 
  i guess they were doing some maintenance and assumed it was the less disturbing moment ( although if it was a scheduled maintenance , a notification would be great ), 
  radetzky-marsch really fits as an anthem and about having no lyrics , we have some experience with that in spain , sometimes you get funny situations, 
  i fully agree , it is a really good one, 
  so hispanic includes people from spain but latino does n't ? 
  oh , he had zero chance . 
  but thinking that an asshole like fernando vii ended up being called `` el deseado '' is kind of sad edit : in an off topic thinking about titles given to kings , i am waiting for history books to officially call our last king juan carlos i `` el campechano '' and felipe vi `` el preparao '', 
  true , it was a dick move . 
  however , i also remember studying history and what happened after that war , and think we probably would have been way better with him ( or his brother ), 
  in a slightly off-topic , i read your message and thought `` 20 years with c # / java experience , no way , those languages are quite new '' . 
  then i checked which year is it and now i feel old and sad :( back to the topic , i am currently working as an sde in spain , so although the job market is not in an excellent spot , the jobs are there , at least for it . 
  compensation is not at the same level as uk/germany ( not to mention us ) , but they are above average and cost of life here is cheaper if compared with uk ( i always hear that germany has a surprisingly low cost of living when compared to the salaries , but i have no experience there ) . 
  i do not think you will have any visa/work permit problem if you have an employer lined up , as we have plenty of non-eu workers on my office , including some from us, 
  i am not a linguistic , but does not the number of native speakers affect the rate of change ( and in that sense , affect the basque less as the number of speakers is relatively small . 
  i would guess you need a relatively large population for some areas to become `` isolated '' and start to generate changes that later may be introduced by the rest of speakers . 
  although now that i think about it , that would mean the rate of change of languages now should be minimal , as no group of speakers are anymore isolated , yet i think we live in a moment where languages are changing the most . 
  i guess only one thing is clear , i am no linguist . 
  yup , given the different options , it is easy to choose . 
  not that my basque now goes beyond a few isolated words ( i used to live in navarra as a kid , but we left while i was still quite young . 
  it took me years to realize that `` agur '' was not a spanish word , though ), 
  there is that recurrent joke that whenever you think a problem can be solved using perl or regular expressions , you should think twice or soon you will have two problems :d i do love regexp , but i have to use perl ( paired with mason to be exact ) for work related reasons in some projects and when it comes to scripting , i rather use python or ruby . 
  yup , spanish layout is far from optimal for developing purposes , requiring almost every symbol two key presses , and in many times , not the most comfortable ones to use . 
  still , i think we fare better than it admins . 
  some symbols that are used a lot for it admins like / ( or \\ on windows ) are in really bad positions , and do n't get me started on how the keypad ca n't be properly used to write ip addresses because of the . 
  being changed to ,, 
  yup , living in madrid too . 
  it is not like every day in the summer is above 40 , but it is quite common to go over it , specially in august, 
  i remember 16 years ago , the age limit was 16 and it was not even enforced ( nothing we were n't able to easily bypass ) . 
  it was not strange to start drinking at 14, 
  you forgot oviedo there, 
  wow , you thought about it way more than most of our politicians . 
  i 'll take a look, 
   vote me into office , i promise it 'll be good that is what most of the politicians here say . 
  how do we know you are not lying ? 
  many of shakira 's old songs are actually really good . 
  it was a completely different style of music, 
  yup , i have three really close to my home . 
  do n't know if this is in the whole country , but in madrid there is no street without those, 
  spain here , i do n't recall russia actually threatening spain . 
  actually , we may have one of the most cordial ones for an eu country . 
  there was even a military cooperation agreement signed in 2013, 
  ok , i do get it now , you scared me for a moment . 
  as i said , i am in my early 30s , a moment where you no longer consider an issue ( not because you are too young , at least ) i know about those suburbs that are extremely far from the city center , i know it can be an issue . 
  i am obviously not considering taking my car there , and for now , i think i will try to survive without buying one there , i will try to get along with bicycle , public transport , shared car companies ( i 've noticed things like car2go that we also have here ) and uber when i have no other option ( i expect it to be something quite uncommon ) i 'll be moving to seattle , a city i actually like a lot , and although i obviously wo n't be living in downtown , i think i will try to not drift too far from the center ( i rather have a smaller place close to the center than a bigger one in the suburbs ) . 
  no kids and single atm , so i do n't really need a lot of space . 
  urban planning is clearly different , that is for sure , but i think i can adapt . 
  the same with the political situation , clearly not ideal , but i think i will make it ( although i usually joke with my friends telling them that being from spain may mean one day i could end up in the other side of the wall with mexico . 
  yeah , i am in my 30s , i never had issues renting cars or other things in the us , that is why his message shocked me, 
  wait , why is that ? 
  i will be relocating soon and it wo n't be to one of those cities, 
  i have a bmw , but my daily commute is with a bicycle . 
  the car is parked almost all the time now , i only use it from time to time to visit my parents , and only if i need the extra space , flying there is actually cheaper, 
  still , some of the countries in western europe have shared way more history . 
  it is just geographical proximity . 
  if you ask a spaniard today ( i am one ) about slovenia or other country to the east , they will not know as much as if you ask abound britain or france . 
  it is true now , it was true 100 years ago , 500 years and 1000 ago . 
  we may have been at war with france and england half of the time , but the other half there was a continuous cultural exchange . 
  when i travel through europe , if i am in france it is almost as if i am not in a different country . 
  even many stores and food will be the same brand . 
  if i go to ireland , i get the same impression .
