  you just dip the fork a little bit in the alioli before going for the rice . 
  it tastes nice, 
  yeah , `` the classic '' basically stops the whole country . 
  it 's insane ( i do n't like football and i do n't care who wins . 
  well , it is probably better if bar\u00e7a wins , madrid will be quieter ), 
  burgers , hotdogs ... and that 's it . 
  maybe with the fries in the fast food restaurant , but never at home . 
  i do n't even have ketchup at home, 
  yup , pretty accurate . 
  it can also be said two more animals : rabbit : there is a theory that the original name for the iberian peninsula , hispania ( from which the name spain comes from ) means `` land of the rabbits '' . 
  but that is not confirmed and the rabbit has no other significance . 
  lion : one of the kingdoms that ended up forming spain was the kindom of leon ( lion in spanish ) . 
  the animal is in the coat of arms , there is a city named like that , a province and it is in the name of one autonomous community . 
  now , not for all spain , but for my region , there are several important animals : asturc\u00f3n : a local race of horses ( smaller and sturdier than the regular horses ) . 
  bears : we still have some bears here , and they are quite loved , although critically endangered . 
  there are so few ( less than 200 ) they are named . 
  when there was an attempt to make a male bear mate with some female ones , it was reported almost every day in the news ( poor bear , so much pressure to perform ) . 
  some of us do care , i did study asturian in high school , and where i was raised , city council announcements ( bandos ) were printed in asturian . 
  but yes , sadly , it seems the language is now beyond saving . 
  even people like me that really got influence , do n't really speak it . 
  i just added many asturian words to my vocabulary that i need to remember ( sometimes without success ) not to use when i am abroad, 
  i usually manage to speak with portubros each one speaking our own language slowly ( and they usually make different pronunciation that is easier for us to understand ) . 
  however , if we both speak english , it is faster to switch to english, 
  i do n't want to think how he got that nickname, 
  and that was after the artist tried to make it look as good as possible . 
  imagine how he really looked like, 
  i still remember the once upon a time ... series when i was a kid . 
  those were amazing , we have them dubbed to spanish . 
  top quality . 
  we still have the quarter pound translation here in spain ( cuarto de libra ) , but hey , no one knows how much a pound is , so i guess they did n't care . 
  there is ( or there was , it 's been years since my last visit to mcdonalds ) a mcroyal deluxe , which was kind of a quarter pounder but with lettuce and tomato . 
  right ? 
  i can tell you , i was in the us on election day . 
  when drunk trump supporters where trying to convince you how he was going to be the best president ever . 
  i was just sitting there , thinking how i had just accepted a job offer there and i had to work on my visa application, 
  the ce in many products . 
  it 's everywhere , and most of the time you forget about it , but when you think about it , is quite reassuring to know what you have in your hands is not shit, 
  nah , asturias is not in the list either, 
  no , but i want to go to oviedo , florida one of this days, 
  as i am probably a little bit older , i will include a couple ( also , euro was in the 2001-2002 transition , iirc ) : 1986 : joined the eu ( i was very young , though ) 1992 : barcelona olympic games and seville expo . 
  500 years of the discovery of america . 
  that year put spain in many world maps . 
  2010 : world cup winners . 
  it was a national event , and i do n't even care about football . 
  is sad it is so hard for us to find suitable candidates . 
  is n't the full price in the medicine package ? 
  i know they take out the barcode when is prescripted , but does that include the price ? 
  ( it 's been years since the last time i had to take prescription medicine ), 
  i 've heard about forest elves , water elves , mountain elves ... but i guess it was expected to have sauna elves in finland . 
   the lavandi\u00e8res de la nuit we have that one in asturias too , the llavanderas . 
  oh yeah , that one :d to add some more ( in their asturian version , which is the ones i know ) the [ cu\u00e9lebre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cu%c3%a9lebre ) , basically our version of our forest dragon . 
  sometimes wingless , sometimes with bat like wings . 
  the [ xanas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xana ) , could be described as water nymphs . 
  usually good , although not always , specially when it comes to babies ( as they will change their babies with human ones ) the [ trasgu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trasgu ) . 
  a trickster imp , or kobold . 
  pretty similar to other incarnations of the myth . 
  [ nuberu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuberu ) , the cloud master . 
  whether he is a deity , an individual of a whole race of people sometimes is up to debate . 
  but if you have been in asturias you will realize there are so many clouds a cloud god would be important . 
  the [ busgosu ] ( https://ast.wikipedia.org/wiki/busgosu ) , our versi\u00f3n of the faun . 
  with the arrival of catholicism , major divinities basically disappeared from the popular culture , with only minor stuff resisting . 
  some major gods like [ belenus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belenus ) and [ lugus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lugus ) survived only in toponyms . 
  yup ( talking asturias and not basque country , but i do n't think it is that different ) . 
  i said blue eyes are not that common in another post , but i was not counting other light eyes , closer to green or grayish . 
  including all light colors , although still below 50 % , it is not that far . 
  the hair turning darker is n't like super common everywhere ? 
  out of my friends kids right now 6 out of 7 are blonde ( and being kids , it is really blonde right now , not light brown ) , but most of them will probably end up with different degrees of brown ( only two have a mother than can be considered blonde , the res of the parents are black or dark brown , they were only blonde as kids ) . 
  even i , with a completely black hair now had way lighter color as a kid, 
   imagine a drunk girl in the dark night who try to ride you while you were taking a nap well , that may not be the worst scenario i can imagine , specially depending on the girl , but i do understand . 
  i do agree with you . 
  we are stuck right now , not moving in any direction . 
  some countries going for deeper integration may show the rest that more integration is the path to go ( or it can tell us all that more integration is a bad idea ) . 
  but at least , it is something . 
  not doing anything like it is happening now has only one possible outcome , and it is not a good one . 
  would n't that be eea ? 
   edit : and the dumbest thing i did was maybe when i decied to ride bareback a horse at 3am with two other drunk friend . 
  still , i have this discussion with my friends , horses were awesome . 
  you could ride them drunk and the horse would avoid an accident . 
  it is taking us more than one hundred years to implement that feature back into cars . 
   when camping first getting drunk and then pitch the tent instead of the other way round i 've been to a bunch of festivals . 
  you can clearly identify those who followed the same policy :d, 
  stop please , now it is in my head too . 
  and i hate it, 
  sure . 
  for now , it has basically confirmed what scientist already speculated with , instead of founding something unexpected . 
  but that does not mean it is a failure , and money invested in science is money well spent . 
  plus , it has been a great example of countries working together . 
  quite rare , although both are slightly more common in the northwest, 
  no health guarantees on his side either, 
  only to the us , work related reasons . 
  i would love to visit other places, 
  i do n't even consider madrid drivers aggressive anymore . 
  i do not know if it is because i 've changed , but lately traffic seems smooth ( compared to other eu cities ), 
  well , i am a man , so i would say women . 
  i suspect though that the answer may be different if a woman responds . 
  i agree , if those three countries all think nk is a mess and need to be dealt with , i would see the operation as ok . 
  even better if the unsc is on board ( and with us , china , sk and japan on the same side , there is a high chance it can be done ) . 
  if there is a call for international help to deal with nk , us would be more than welcome . 
  i am convinced now , 4 cigs a minute is possible . 
  nothing shady is going on,
