  i have spent many many hours reading rfc ( for work , is not a hobby ) , and although i knew this one , i had forgotten this one is special . 
  it is a recursive rfc , from the link :  the key words `` must '' , `` must not '' , `` required '' , `` shall '' , `` shall not '' , `` should '' , `` should not '' , `` recommended '' , `` may '' , and `` optional '' in this document are to be interpreted as described in rfc 2119 . 
  yup , not remembering in which language i got some information was the moment i started to feel really confident with english, 
  indeed ( that one came from stargate sg-1 ), 
  so ... what they were supposed to do once they finished riding ? 
  strip naked ? 
  make sure every trip starts and end at their house with no stops ? 
  certainly , non-understandable, 
  found the troll, 
  madrid here . 
  every day , there is quite a sizable chinese community . 
  plus , my boss is from india . 
  feel free to come to spain , i do n't think you will have any problems . 
  economy may not be at its best , but it is not that bad . 
  we barely have any syrian refugees , the muslim population is not high and those here are usually very moderate and integrated into society ( they usually come from morocco ) and for gay-friendly , you should not have any issues . 
  i know they analyzed the hull and the structure was bending outwards , strongly suggesting an internal explosion , not an external mine . 
  the boiler explosion theory is the most likely explanation . 
  i do n't think it was a false flag attack , but blaming spain for an accident served the purpose of rallying the population towards war . 
  besides everything mentioned in the thread ( pretty good answers ) , the events leading to the war are still under controversy ( specially the sinking of the uss maine ) . 
  spain was not looking for a war against the us , and definitely would not have sanctioned an attack on the boat . 
  yet , although not official , it was the casus belli . 
  most likely , it was an accident , but the possibility of a false flag attack still has supporters here ( and in cuba ), 
  spain : around 70 $ for a 300/300 connection that includes landline , internet , mobile calls and 4gb mobile data . 
  i do get the advertised speed, 
  yup , maybe a good translation could be `` the charmed '' some other : juana `` la loca '' : the crazy felipe `` el hermoso '' : the fair jose i `` pepe botella '' : napoleon brother who reigned in spain for a few years . 
  botella means bottle , but apparently , he was abstemious . 
  felipe iv `` el pasmado '' : the bewildered . 
  he was the father of the charmed , so you can imagine . 
  inbreeding has dire consequences fernando vii `` el deseado '' : the desired . 
  only funny because he proved to be a total asshole once he became king after napoleon invasion and now , for the recent kings ( although the nicknames are not official ) juan carlos i `` el campechano '' . 
  untranslatable ( or at least , i do not know how to translate ) . 
  a way to say the king was close to the common people . 
  earned by liking to break protocol from time to time , but also to party and some scandals . 
  known to be uncontrollable by the staff felipe iv `` el preparado '' . 
  the prepared . 
  compared to his father , who did not expect to become king ( franco was ruling in spain , and he only became king when franco appointed him as his successor ) , felipe was born as prince and trained his whole life to be king , so no scandals or anything breaking protocols . 
  yup , we have parents of the nation . 
  yes , the blue division was sent by spain to help the axis . 
  both , internally and externally it was sold as a group of volunteers willing to fight the expansion of communism . 
  therefore , the name , a blue division to fight the red army . 
  the idea was to make it similar to the international brigades that came to fight in the spanish civil war against fascism . 
  i guess saying it was a division to fight the democratic allied countries was harder to sell . 
  it was a condition imposed by franco that they would only fight in the easter front . 
  now , being a volunteer unit . 
  spain was already acting barely as what can be considered neutral in wwii . 
  there was no doubt where franco allegiances were , let 's not forget support from nazi germany was critical during the civil war , while moscow supported the republican government . 
  an example is how the british used spain for their operation mincemeat , knowing the information would quickly dispatched to hitler . 
  within the blue division there were two types of volunteers . 
  many really volunteered , people affiliated to falange ( the political party associated to franco regime ) that were hellbent on fighting communism . 
  but there were also a lot of people that did not had a chance . 
  being the guy who did n't want to fight communism was dangerous in the day , specially if your allegiance was already questioned . 
  if your official said it was expecting you to volunteer , refusing could mean ending on prison ( not for refusing , but you will quickly be investigated for your ties with communism ) apparently , the division was quite fierce in combat . 
  it had a lot of veterans from the civil war and many members , specially officers and nco believed in the cause , and we all know how important that is in battle . 
  the division was granted plenty of commemorations by germany , and some members refused to return when giving the order , many integrating into german army and ss units . 
  hitler praised the division a couple of times ( while also stating they lacked discipline ) . 
  around 45k spaniards fought for germany . 
  and at least some of them were given german pensions . 
  i am not a historian , and i am writing by memory , so some inaccuracies are expected, 
  based how in many places the border is just a mark on the street , it would be a pain if shengen visas were not a thing . 
  you could trespass into another country without noticing, 
  you believe correctly , pacma has a lot more support, 
  although neutral , it was no secret spain had a preference for a side in the war . 
  during the meetings with hitler , franco asked for a lot of things to join the war , probably not realising how little value spain offered to the axis at the moment . 
  according to wikipedia :  however , after seven hours of talks , the spanish demands still appeared extortionate to hitler - the handing over of gibraltar once the uk was defeated , the cession of french morocco and part of french algeria , the attachment of french cameroon to the spanish colony of guinea , and german supplies of food , petrol and arms to relieve the critical economic and military situation faced by spain . 
  it is quite obvious franco did not give hitler a good impression . 
  there are also rumors that he said he would rather have some teeth pulled that go through another meeting like that again . 
  spain still helped the axis under the table with itelligence collaboration and a division of `` volunteers '' ( being a volunteer was indeed a choice , but not your own ) it is sometimes argued that spain would have fared better should it have joined the war with the axis . 
  it would have become an important target for the allies , and quickly defeated . 
  after the war , spain would probably had a democracy instead of franco , and recovered far quicker , maybe even becoming a founding member of the ecsc . 
  but , as usual with these situations , no one really knows . 
  wwii battles in spain could have become an extension of the recent civil war , taking an extremely high toll on lives and destroying what was left of the country . 
  and after the war , a military could have happened . 
  spain went through one in 1982 , and although by that time it quickly failed , the results in a post-war country could have been different . 
  also , by that time the allies were not against a military dictatorship if that ensured a country will not join the ussr . 
  and there is no way they could have let spain become a soviet republic in the backdoor of w.e. 
  expected , as the country was already ravaged by the recent civil war, 
  shit , true . 
  ok , `` besides pizza and pasta , '' then, 
  i usually separate them in two groups : they have bagpipes : cool , like us , nice people !, 
  they do n't have bagpipes : not so cool , approach with caution . 
  if the uk finds a way to move the island away from europe a few thousand kilometres , you can bet they will find a way to split ireland too . 
  the question should have included `` besides pizza , '' at the beginning , it makes no sense otherwise . 
  i see no need of a border control with france or portugal . 
  and not having them is actually quite handy, 
  me too . 
  one of the bedrooms is small , but big enough for me to have my desktop and the monitors . 
  when you add the a/c in multiple rooms ( really important here ) and the 300mb/s internet connection , is actually quite nice . 
  i do like the house quite a lot . 
  sadly , i will be leaving soon for work reasons, 
  berlin is cheap !, 
  madrid too , but not the center ( tetuan metro station ) . 
  650 $ for 60m2 , building is fairly new ( ~ 10y i would say ) . 
  bills not included ( but storage is ) small kitchen , small living room , small bathroom , small terrace and two small bedrooms . 
  every room is small ( too many rooms for a small house ), 
  my apartment insulation is quite good . 
  i can barely hear anything . 
  there is a couple however , no wall can dampen her pleasure screams when they do `` stuff '' . 
  they are n't even in my building but the one next , so we share a master wall , but still , not good enough, 
  spain . 
  i am including what you almost certainly find in my kitchen any random day fats : olive oil all the way fruits : orange , lemons , tomatoes , bananas .
