  pretty sure spain got back minorca from uk in that war : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain_and_the_american_revolutionary_war edit : oh , i correct myself , yes , i meant the war of independence !!, 
  it may depend , i do remember studying it , and the fact that spain supported it edit : i was referring to the war of independence . 
  it is true , i barely recall studying the american civil war, 
  there is some freedom on working hours , i usually do 11:00 to 19:45 ( with some time to have lunch ) there is no clothing policy , it is not rare to see people in shorts during the summer ( madrid , quite hot here ), 
  i am no longer living in asturias , but to be fair , anywhere you go the average salary for young is significantly lower than the normal average one, 
  it depends on the context ( or to be precise , the year ) . 
  during antique times , the mediterranean was a bounding factor . 
  phoenicians , rome , carthago ... all these civilizations flourished on the mediterranean shores , as it was not really important whether it was the north or south part . 
  however , as time passed the mediterranean switched roles , and started to become a boundary . 
  several factors cause this , like the religion divide and the focus on inland trade . 
  nowadays , those factors , coupled with some new ones ( economic and social differences ) added to the mix , there are very few instances where the expression is used to refer to all the countries bordering ( or inside ) the sea , and it usually include some countries that are not ( basically , portugal ) . 
  even the eu med group , many times associates with the term , excludes some eu members washed by the sea , slovenia and croatia , and it is used to define some countries that share common social , cultural , and economic factors . 
  do as you want , but i seriously doubt you will achieve anything besides alienate them even more, 
  yup , it belongs to the list, 
  sorry , what was the bias , not including the part that some historians do not consider it a fight against the rise of fascism ? 
  no , not really . 
  the catalonia thing is a relatively new ( 2010s ) one spain was a republic . 
  fascism started a military coup and you have the fascist side ( franco ) with support from germany and italy and the republican side with support from moscow and international volunteers . 
  in a sense , it is consider a prologue of wwii ( 1936 - 1939 ) . 
  it ended with franco becoming a dictator in spain . 
  as he was officially neutral ( only small amount sof spanish soldiers were sent to help hitler , the country was in a very bad shape ) , after the end of wwii he stayed in power until 1975 , when he died of old age . 
  for a dictator , to last until you die of old age is the equivalent to `` living the dream '', 
   when you say `` the war '' , do you mean the civil war ? 
  exactly, 
  there is a very visible one between east and west berlin , they have different lightbulbs !, 
  : http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02540/chris-hadfield-ber_2540064b.jpg i do not know if it has been changed , though . 
  oh , another advice ( it seems i kind of an expert on expired documents ) . 
  for my last ordeal ( expired passport and expired esta before a business trip to the us in less than a week , unable to purchase the plane ticket until i had the passport ) . 
  if you go really early to the police station , you may be able to get the passport within the day . 
  but by really early i mean like 3 am and wait at the doors . 
  i would recommend pozuelo , i got my last two passports there ( the first was also for a business trip to the us without having the esta , what a coincidence ) . 
  i tried the one in tetuan , but it was full of people ( i was there at 5 , could n't get the passport ), 
  unbelievable ? 
  for me is very believable , i 've been in that situation several times ( truth be told , once i had my id expired for a couple of years , but hey , everyone says i am a fucking disaster ), 
  personal experience , bad idea . 
  a couple of years ago i had to go to paris from madrid and they did not let me board the plane . 
  my id card was set to expire the next day and i did n't have my passport . 
  i had to change the flight , go back home , search the whole house , go to the office ( on sunday ) check it was not there , called a coworker ( to whom i had recently returned a backpack ) , called my ex out of desperation to see if it was at her house ... 
  eventually ( hours later ) , i found it at home , in a folder labeled `` passport and other important documents '' which i had not open yet because i was certain it was n't there . 
  you should be able to get an emergency id or passport in barajas ( i could n't , it was sunday and the police office was closed ), 
  personal history . 
  a few months ago , i went to visit my great uncle . 
  he is old ( very old , almost a hundred ) , half paralyzed , but with a perfectly clear mind and keeps up to date with all the news . 
  he asked me to come close and this is basically what he told me :  areshian , i am worried about you and the rest of the kids ( i am 33 yo , but when you are almost 100 you are entitled to call kid almost everyone ) . 
  i am almost dead , so i wo n't have to live with it , but the air has changed . 
  it remembers me when i was young , it smells like war '' so , worried ? 
  you can bet i am . 
  even i , in my relatively short adult lifespan can see how the world has changed . 
  i think the world is forgetting how miserable was the war period , and that is dangerous . 
  he also told me that if there is a war , the best thing to do was to drop everything and leave , as far as possible ( he lost his twin brother in the war ) . 
  this gave me a new perspective on the whole refugee thing . 
  i remember my high school teacher telling me this . 
  anyway , i think she would be proud i was at least able to know it was somehow related to cantabria . 
  i never paid that much attention , i was always more focused on math and physics . 
  i have n't travelled through france that much , but i would say there is quite an identificable paris accent , very melodic , like they are singing sometimes . 
  it does n't sound like the neutral french i sometimes hear on tv . 
  that being said , my french level used to be bad . 
  now it does n't even exist, 
  did n't it actually originate in what is now cantabria ( part of the kingdom of castile , but not the autonomous community ), 
  some , but most of our unskilled ones come from non-eu countries , mostly south america and morocco ( and that is talking about immigrants , we have plenty of unskilled natives too ), 
  spain may be respected by former colonies , but i do n't think it is loved . 
  and culturally , there are more ties with our neighbors . 
  even if the language is different , i would think portugal is culturally closer to spain than any former colony . 
  same can probably said about italy, 
  yeah , spain is closer to turkey than other countries like portugal , but there is not much more europe after that, 
  in the end , spain is a very diverse country . 
  you are totally right , the northwest of spain and ireland have an absurd amount of things in common . 
  it is true that many of those links are not so clear as you go south , but is still hard to believe ireland can be considered the most distant country culturally speaking . 
  as a matter of fact , there was some old provision granted by the king of spain that every irishman should always be treated in spain with the exact same rights as a spanish citizen due to the catholic and celtic cultural ties . 
  in practice , irishmen were not required to swear allegiance to the spanish king to become spanish citizens , the same way it was not required for a spanish born national to do it , and things like that, 
  or asturian . 
  i do love ireland , a second home, 
  clearly you are not from the north . 
  i am from asturias , i 've been in ireland several times ( staying the summers with an irish family ) and ireland is one of the closest countries i can find in europe . 
  in many aspects it was like being at home ( food was not one of them , though ), 
  we are surprised here in spain too , bros, 
  there are plenty of land and ports around the strait to say that the rock `` effectively '' controls the entrance to the med, 
  and you only focus on conversions measuring the same thing , but sometimes you have to change them . 
  for example , volume < =  distance . 
  if i have a 4x3x2 swimming pool , i know i have 24 cubic meters . 
  if you give me feet and ask me to calculate callings i would be immediately lost, 
  actually , for me it is basically that and screen sizes . 
  and the amount of `` meat '' in a specific mcdonald 's burger . 
  and car engine power . 
  i think that 's it , although i probably missing some, 
  at this point , maybe they should n't . 
  them not using the metric system is ( at least for me , sorry for my lack of education ) the reason i always remember this country, 
  do n't you see , that is why it is so good . 
  although i work on it , i may be biased, 
  until the day you need to do something like estimate the cost of filling you swimming pool or something like that, 
  yeah , i remember one friend explaining this to me and also the long and short tones . 
  i was like ffs , not only you chose almost arbitrary numbers , but you named different units the same in different countries ? 
  yup , never heard of anyone following celt gods over here either ( asturias ) . 
  funnily enough , my town is named after the celtic god lugh , but that 's all, 
  i ca n't imagine how you could have been more supportive of her beliefs, 
  for me it was more like being 13 + and suddenly started to realize that some people actually took all that seriously . 
  like , for real . 
  but , although baptized , is not like religion was ever and important thing in my family, 
  2822 and i are old friends . 
  we spent so much time together ...
