great post . 
  i 'm in a hurry , so only two details : you may be interested in reading up on alexandr dugin , if you do n't know about him already , who seems to be some kind of russian foreign policy masterminds and putin seems to loosely follow his playbook : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics - concerning terrorism , this is still one of the best articles on terrorism : http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/the-terrorist-mindset-the-radical-loser-a-451379.html - and i think it contains some hints on what to do about it . 
  you 're making good points and it 's enjoyable discussing things with you . 
  yes , a lot of interventions were done badly , some with good , some with bad intentions . 
  but just because things have n't always worked out well it does n't mean that we have to leave everyone up to themselves . 
  case in point : france just recently intervened in mali and - with agreement with the mali government - destroyed an islamist army and prevented mali from an islamist resurgence and potentially a lengthy civil war . 
  was n't published much but you can find info on that under the name `` operation serval . '', 
  i 'm not an expert on these things , but that seemed like a basically good intervention to me . 
  also a very different strategy and method than the unlawful and ignorant interventions of the us in south america or lybia . 
  - so it does n't seem to be so much of a yes or no question , but rather of how and when and how much . 
  benefits would be military protection , economic integration and fantastic political leverage if both partners - us & eu - can actually agree on something . 
  - while a lot of people reasonably argue that the us spends too much * on the military * ( who needs 4,500 nuclear warheads ? 
  ) , i have n't heard many people ( besides trump ) say that the us spends too much * on the nato . 
  * i also do n't really understand what `` spending money on the nato '' means in the first place , as they surely do n't pay much money - if any at all - to anyone besides their own military , which trump has just promised to expand . 
  the cost for the bases they have in europe is surely offset be their strategical and logistical gain . 
  why would you want to expand the military but weaken your allies by non-interventionism ? 
  that does n't make sense to me , even though i see how it could make sense to putin . 
  side note : i agree . 
  but strategies are changing . 
  direct intervention in latin america seems to be over , otherwise the us would had overthrown chavez and his regime . 
  if you think that foreign policy is all about oil , i find that venezuela is a good counter example - so much oil and yet totally left alone , with the great suffering of the people . 
  - the wars in iraq and afghanistan were half-measured and ill-conceived and i think that the us has learned from their lesson . 
  maybe a bit too much , because one big mistake of obama was to let the situation in syria escalate and leave putin too much room by not putting troops on the ground in 2013 as he had promised initially . 
  consequently , putin has outmaneuvered the hesitant west in both the ukraine and syria . 
  and btw , keep in mind that russia has been the only major power or country in the last fifty years or so to use violent force to occupy and ** actually annex a territory . 
  ** so yes , both the world wars and the cold war is over , now we live in a time of asymmetrical conflicts that require long-term thinking , social integration measures and comprehensive alliances . 
  unfortunately , it is not easy to say how we should react to situations like assad & isis or , say , to a potential collapse of saudi arabia into sectarian warfare . 
  but just because we do not have a tried and tested plan , it does n't mean that the west should let entire nations fall apart like they did with syria . 
  - and , of course , from a pragmatic standpoint , at least the possibility of intervention needs to be on the table , otherwise you lose your negotiating power . 
  when the us ( and consequently europe too ) say : we will never intervene anywhere , this would strengthen putin , assad , khomeini etc. 
  tremendously . 
  how is russia getting their way with eastern europe beneficial to anyone - in any part of europe or the us ? 
  just wondering what your perspective is on this . 
  it is benefical to russia , of course . 
  2 ) i understand the appeal of isolationism , but i think they underestimate the impact of foreign policy . 
  the rise of another superpower or the advent of a multipolar world would also reflect on internal political struggles and transform national identity . 
  3 ) yes and no . 
  it is a strategic alliance of mutual benefit . 
  the us serves as the muscle , the eu gives political and diplomatic support . 
  both powers are aligned by mutual commitment to the same values and the same world order , even the same religion , if this is of importance . 
  it is true that the us pays more for the military , it also gets to decide more . 
  most europeans are perfectly fine with that . 
  if the eu would now crank up their own military production , skills and influence ( !, 
  ) , the us would lose a lot of international influence in all kinds of ways . 
  fortunately , massive investments in the military are still ( ! ), 
  very unpopular in europe . 
  yes and no . 
  the us and the eu are proponents of the values of the westphalian peace agreement : politics is an essentially pragmatic struggle in favor of creating a balanced and peaceful world order . 
  other countries , like iran , for example , rather preach an absolutist and totalitarian world order , which only deals in absolutes . 
  once an enemy , always an enemy - based on unchangeable ` character traits ' , values or religion . 
  there is a good reason this westphalian order was so successful and that major conflicts , like both world wars , were during attempts to throw off this order in favor of a more idealistic or ideological worldviews . 
  in short , we have had a long time of peace and prosperity due to this pragmatic ( `` westphalian '' ) approach to world order as a system of balances , which in the 20th century was unquestionably championed by the us . 
  if the us retreats into its isolationist shell , europe will too and soon turn itself into `` fortress europe . '', 
  totalitarian and fundamentalist forces will arise even more than now outside of western democracies and soon dominate entire regions , if not continents . 
  democracy and freedom will be transformed into local features , not universal ideologies . 
  most people do n't go out shopping with the intention `` oh , today we 're going to buy something from germany ! '', 
  but they might find themselves in need for a new washing machine or electrical drill , which might either come from china or germany , and that 's when the decision to buy a german product might be made . 
  german brands = / = made in germany . 
  that being said , german brands other than cars that sell to the us market would be : adidas , bosch , t-mobile , puma , hugo boss , siemens , sap , basf , k\u00e4rcher , thyssenkrupp , metabo , nivea , wella , miehle , grundig , osram , henkel , braun ... ugh , probably dozens more if i take more time . 
  also , keep in mind that germany has a very strong sector of small and mid-size companies ( `` mittelstand '' ) which often dominate entire niche markets - for example , if you ever go on a cruise ship , chances are high that the recliners are made in germany ; as well as the foam cover around microphones . 
  also , medical equipment , solar panels , precision tools and other high-tech equipment often come from germany , but the brand will be known only to a few people . 
  benefit : russia gets to have their way with eastern europe ; downside : usa being isolated politically , branded as unreliable partner , a mob boss that asks for protection money ; also loses the position as only real superpower in an increasingly multipolar world . 
  thing is , our current world order is very unilaterally tilted in favor of the us . 
  nato plays a huge role in it , as it is incredibly beneficial for the us . 
  just like a weak european military is beneficent for the us . 
  russia wants to shift this in favor of a more multipolar world , in which different regions form different power centers and the us being a regional power , just like russia . 
  for that , they need to dismantle western alliances and disrupt western policy-making . 
  they are literally trying to bring the west down on their level . 
  putin is following alexandr dugin 's playbook , google it if you do n't know about it . 
  i understood you just right . 
  it 's sch\u00e4ubles own fault for `` provoking '' extremist groups . 
  you 're victim-blaming . 
  it 's precisely the `` mendacious , crappy but '' mentioned above . 
  this is what deniz y\u00fccel so fittingly called `` das verlogene , beschissene * aber * '' - `` the mendacious , crappy * but * . 
  '' : `` i do n't condone terrorists killing the charlie hebdo guys / wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , * but * they totally had it coming . '', 
  again , the text is unimprovable and final , its application and understanding is not . 
  humans have a finite mind and are thus prone to error . 
  texts also do not project their meaning into your head , a conscious effort must be made to understand any text . 
  these are trivial and universally acknowledged statements . 
  look at my edit , even fucking isis incorporates modern elements into their interpretation , even though they probably would n't acknowledge it . 
   quran is not open to interpretation , it is the literal word of god . 
  the text stands as it is , as the word from god , but obviously humans have to make an effort to understand it , interpret it and apply it to their contingent situation . 
  this has been a common point in islamic theology for centuries . 
  muslim theologians do , of course , interpret the quran . 
   the bible is n't the word of god , it is the word of man . 
  this is not what christian theology says . 
  edit :  islam can not be subject to reform you are falling for islamist ( and right-wing ) propaganda here . 
  where do you think all the different islamic traditions , like shia , sunni , wahhabism etc. 
  come from ? 
  it 's obivous that islam has been evolving over the last centuries . 
  even isis incorporates modern elements into their belief system : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/09/isis-jihadi-shaped-by-modern-western-philosophy, 
  i still wonder whether the great surge in social ( upward ) mobility in the usa in the 50s and 60s had something to do with an enormous increase in wealth taxation - which then was ended under reagan , only to see social mobility decrease again ... 
  it 's also the long-lasting consequence of feudalism . 
  70 % of the land in england is still owned by 1 % of the population , largely descended from william the conqueror 's army . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/dec/17/high-house-prices-inequality-normans and up till today , the old aristocracy has retained much of their wealth : https://www.theguardian.com/society/2011/apr/03/social-mobility-britain-aristocracy, 
  the way real estate prices rise , this leads to a great redistribution of wealth from young ( mostly renters ) to old ( more often propert owners ) . 
  the american sanctions actually hurt the german economy too , because now exports to russia are decreased as well . 
  but did anybody here complain to / about obama ? 
  nope , because the political alliance with the us is much , much more important than the exports to russia . 
  during the cold war period , berlin was isolated and close to broke .
