  german learner here , when i 'm learning french i never have to sound out words at all , but when i 'm learning german i actually have to sound out the long words and try and combine it into said word . 
  i love the compound words though , it definitely keeps things interesting . 
  i think j.r.r tolkien said something about finnish grammar , i think it goes like this - `` it [ discovering finnish ] was like discovering a wine-cellar filled with bottles of amazing wine of a kind and flavour never tasted before . 
  it quite intoxicated me . '', 
  agreed . 
  as a native english speaker , some of the sounds in german/dutch are very hard to grasp . 
  odd , i 've never heard dutch being spoken in a particularly harsh way . 
  infact , i 'd go as far to say that it 's less harsh than german . 
  '' < language  is definitely the hardest language '' - guy who is learning the language in question . 
  actually , the wiki page says that swedish has tonal qualities but is n't tonal . 
  can you find me proof that a linguist has said that ? 
  you do n't hear people saying , `` oh , swedish is difficult because it has tones '' . 
  you hear that about chinese or thai , but never swedish . 
  my point still stands . 
  swedish does have tonal qualities , but it is not a tonal language . 
  actually , it is n't . 
  the word you 're looking for is `` pitch accent '' . 
  haha , likewise , i do n't know where it 's from but there 's a region in south england that has completely abolished the `` l '' . 
  e.g. , `` wawk '' = `` walk '' , `` wauw '' = `` wall '' etc. 
  there are many north english accents . 
  i am assuming you mean geordie ? 
  do n't forget the fact many huge companies are anglo-dutch owned , like royal dutch shell or unilever . 
  the uk and netherlands cooperate on a lot of things and people seem to forget that . 
  poland stronk !, 
  yep , do n't give a shit . 
  did n't answer my question . 
  do you really care about this when you 're in slovenia ? 
  oh gee , gon na make so much difference . 
  exactly . 
  reddit thinks they are making a difference by posting memes and complaining on the comments of news articles . 
  get a handle on reality . 
  ah well then , enjoy a nuke in your general direction . 
  just kidding , uk and germany are bros right ? 
  actually , they took a street in london , and used that as the `` norm '' for every other street . 
  some streets in london are under very high surveillance , i am assuming the street they took was one of them . 
  jesus christ people , saying `` ermahgerd the uk is falling apart '' over this ? 
  we did n't fall apart during ww1 or ww2 and i do n't think this is anywhere near the significance of a world war . 
  honestly , i do n't give a toss because it does n't affect me in any way . 
  unless it 's right there on my door step , i seriously could not care less . 
  i am prepared for the downvotes and angry pms . 
   british cars are not that awesome . 
  aston martin ? 
  mclaren ? 
  magic, 
  in all fairness , the guardian is a pile of shit . 
  uh ... not really . 
  there are many countries in the eu that are much worse off than the uk . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  it 's true . 
  look at this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  ah , sorry about that then . 
  i 've been reading too much of that daily fail fear mongering tripe i suppose . 
  spain , italy , greece , portugal ... maybe even france soon . 
  the driving force of the growth is germany and soon to be the uk , with the uk economy on the mend . 
  relevant username ? 
  indeed , i 'd say they 're equal to us . 
  however , their aircraft carrier is just incompetent and keeps needing repairs . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard that . 
  i 've heard of chinese people and americans being the worst . 
  spanish people are also very annoying , they come to london and start babbling to everyone in spanish as if they expect us to understand it . 
  have n't seen many french tourists , however many of them were quite rude . 
  but when i was on holiday in france the people were lovely . 
  germans were also very nice while i was in london . 
  people from the romance language speaking countries , i.e. 
  italy , spain , france , have a rep for being terrible tourists . 
  there is n't really anything to argue over here mate , it 's our personal opinions and experiences which we can not disprove . 
  19191 is swedish , the land that brought us the cheap and convenient way of obtaining furniture that is ikea . 
  that 's your experience then . 
  no , not really . 
  compared to a lot of other countries british tourists are relatively well behaved . 
  yep , 2000 years ago . 
  nowadays italians are renowned for being bad-mannered . 
  i do n't carry anything in the backpocket of my trousers , since you 'd end up sitting on it anyway and i 'm paranoid it 'll fall out . 
  well , that 's scotland . 
  bunch of nutters . 
  okay , so we 're better than you in every way except food . 
  bloody savages . 
   i had swedish meatballs and my farts smelled like the meatballs . 
  you are a poet . 
  actually , quite a few curries were made in britain or by british people , i think they added loads of spices and other ingredients to the `` local cuisine '' in india to make it edible . 
  in all fairness , british cuisine is usually a load of shite compared to the cuisine of other cultures anyway . 
  young and na\u00efve . 
  indeed . 
  i 've noticed our first instinct when there 's disputes over territory is that we send a group of warships and claim it was a `` scheduled deployment '' . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't scheduled , but it seems a bit odd . 
  the military of argentina is in the 1950 's and the spanish military has no money to run on . 
  infact , argentina 's ships sink while they 're in dock . 
  they would need some godly force to help them retake those territories . 
  infact , the combined military spending of argentina and spain is usd 20 billion . 
  the defence spending of the uk is usd 60 billion ; 3 times as much . 
  you know i did n't even have to read your username to know that it was you , searlicus . 
  how many jews can you fit in a car ? 
  2 in the back , 2 in the front , and 10 in the ashtray . 
  greece : `` i do n't need any more money ! '', 
  hmm , well china is our second biggest import partner . 
  oddly enough our biggest import partner is germany . 
  `` the french economy is failing '', 
  `` i love the eu me '', 
  things russians would n't be mad enough to drink .
