well , i really do wish you guys the best . 
  i hope something good can be made out of all this . 
  it 's a pity , but it 's probably for the best . 
  more likely it 's your flair . 
  really . 
  the only reasons anyone takes them seriously is that their nuclear ( sort of half correctly ... the nukes work fine it 's just a good number of them went missing mysteriously ) , defense and space industries ( more specifically a really good rocket engine and a very simple manufacturing , assembly , and launch apparatus ) are the only things they have that do run correctly . 
  other than that they 've got a culture of corruption that goes way , way back . 
  corruption was how individuals met basic necessities in soviet russia . 
  also their infrastructure is laughably bad and police officers will pull you over out of the blue and ask for bribes . 
  ok that was odd . 
  anyways , if you 'd like to see a place where even fewer things run correctly , that 's the place i 'd recommend . 
  ... ever been to russia ? 
  this is not turning out to be a very german friendly thread , run while you still can, 
  ... how exactly does that follow ? 
  ... thanks ? 
  here 's [ the text ] ( https://books.google.com/books?id=ak8xdw1sy4sc&amp;lpg=pa13&amp;pg=pa24#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ) behind # 1, 
   [ german/irish ] ba in economics here, 
  ba in economics here . 
  there 's a few sayings in behavioral economics that i believe are relevant here . 
  1 ) `` the optimal level of corruption is not zero . '', 
  ( robert klitgaard , controlling corruption p. 24 ) 2 ) '' ... in terms of economic growth , the only thing worse than a society with a rigid , over-centralized , dishonest bureaucracy is one with a rigid , over-centralized and honest bureaucracy . '', 
  ( samuel p. huntington , 1970 's ) to put that in perspective , [ here 's the story of a homeless shelter mother teresa tried to build in new york city ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1990/09/17/nyregion/metro-matters-fight-city-hall-nope-not-even-mother-teresa.html ) . 
  even combating bribery can have negative effects in developing countries . 
  it can be construed to be a negative factor in that it increases the cost of doing business in the area , but it can also do a lot to '' [ grease the wheels ] ( http://www.asectu.org/userfiles/gazdar%20kaouthar.pdf ) , '' promoting positive business projects where they might otherwise be regulated into submission . 
  there are issues with uncertainty though . 
  there 's no formal market for bribes , and thus it 's impossible for bribers and bribees to come to terms with exactly how much should be given . 
  uncertainty is bad . 
  on the whole its important to construct honest , practical , well defined rules , but in areas where that 's impossible it 's equally as important to give the system some flexibility . 
  what really scares me about the euro crisis is that the only times we 've seen big military-age unemployment like this is the past is right before some massive calamity , world war , civil strife/war . 
  i know , fear-mongering , yadda yadda ... but as an ancient chinese curse likes to say , `` may you live in interesting times . '', 
  they do n't have the resources to take on nato , let alone nato and asean in a conventional conflict . 
  it is kind of a shame though that russia always plays the outsider . 
  their behavior does n't exactly help , but it 's a self reinforcing problem . 
  russia feels isolated and threatened , so it acts out , and so on and so forth . 
  this whole business needs deescalation ... but putin 's no gorbachev . 
  the increased tempo of their flight operations following the annexation of crimea and the souring of global opinion about them has also exposed weaknesses in aircraft maintenance . 
  they 've lost a number of planes actually . 
  they do make good air defenses though , lets not forget that . 
  russia has repeatedly stated that it will respond to the start of a conventional war with nuclear weapons . 
  the russians have been through far , far worse . 
  they actually take a great deal of pride in surviving stalinism and living through hardship the likes of which you can not imagine . 
  the sanctions are just anti-west propaganda fodder . 
  why not zoidberg ? 
   the eu did n't exist back in the days you are talking about haha oh really ? 
  what about the european royal family ? 
  i mean after all , all europe really did was replace an aristocracy by inheritance with an aristocracy by appointment . 
   you are also correct since the mosquito has killed more people then anything else haha , good analogy . 
  sure , sure , the us killed more people than europe did during the hundreds year course of the entire bloodthirsty institutionalized murder-rape-pillaging spree we know as the colonial era / s. 
  sure pal . 
  sure . 
   consider yourself blocked . 
  lets go on for the past few hundred years , europe - literally the entire world , untold billions , literally entire generations of people all around the globe , killed both in combat and forced labor , enslaved , raped , and malnourished . 
  in terms of total harm inflicted on the world , the us is a mosquito on an eu elephants behind . 
  funny , funny , ` cuz europe went on an institutionalized bloodthirsty murder-rape pillaging spree across the world for hundreds of years . 
  remember how they toppled all the worlds governments and imposed a system of brutal repression worldwide that persists in the third world to this day ? 
   also america was part of the lines being re drawn in the middle east because they had to agree to them along with multiple other nations . 
  gosh , i do n't remember america making or signing the balfour declaration ... hmm . 
  it 's almost as if your statement is completely dubious to it 's core, 
  sure , the destabilization of the middle east had absolutely nothing to do with europe completely redrawing political lines perpendicular to ethnic lines . 
  putting jews and muslims together in israel , sunnis and shi'ites together in iraq and hutus and tutsis together in rwanda sure worked out great did n't it ? 
  the euros never gave a crap about the third world , all they were interested in is getting out of it in the quickest , most politically expedient fashion and americans are dying to this day fixing their mess . 
  funny , they seem to be trying to become a country . 
  they are n't doing a really great job of it ... but that seems to be the general idea . 
  i 'm all for it , as long as they get rid of that laughably undemocratic eu parliament they 've got . 
  honest to god , with commissioners twice removed from the voting public , it 's a small wonder how it ever actually worked at the start . 
  poor who contribute nothing to society . 
  we do n't like subsidizing non-contribution . 
  call it a cultural difference . 
  i hear you guys are all about respecting those even when people come and rape people and blow people up . 
  you 're under-appreciating the us ' impact . 
  the us impact on wwi was all encompassing , purely from the fact that neither side could support itself materially without us . 
  once we started favoring one side over the other , mysteriously the tide drastically turned against the germans . 
  without the us in wwii , again , forget it . 
  again , we supported all the allies materially . 
  germany was way ahead of us technologically . 
  a wwii russia without americas industry is a bunch of unarmed soviets queuing in front of a german machine gun . 
  lambs to the slaughter . 
  the inclusion of the russians is a moot point . 
  they were in one way or another . 
  they wanted europe just as much as the germans did , the only problem they had initially was that op barbarosa caught them with their pants down and later they had a nuclear us in the way . 
  the only interesting question regarding russia in wwii is how you stop them from being too `` involved . '', 
  obama ordered our troops out of iraq , leaving isis with the perfect opportunity to take the north with minimal resistance . 
  he 's been fighting in afghanistan with his hands tied behind is back too . 
  make no mistake , isis owes it 's foothold in iraq and its survival up till now solely to obamas lack of foresight regarding sunni-shi ` ite ethnic tensions in that country . 
   you are not protecting anyone with your military budget other then making men rich with over bloated spending . 
  and employing everyone making them . 
  military spending is an industrial subsidy . 
  without it we would n't have anywhere near the amount of high quality engineers we have now post-wwii . 
  with youth unemployment the way it is in europe right now , you guys could learn a thing or two from us economically . 
   the us 's impact in ww1 was minor . 
  oh sure , we just sold both sides weapons , and when the lusitania was sunk we stopped selling to the germans . 
  the germans equipment starts to wear out , american troops ( albeit poorly trained ) start filling the gaps in the depopulated entente lines , victory is inevitable . 
  the germans occupied all the high ground during the whole war . 
  without the us cutting off material support to the germans , the entente was in a piss poor shape . 
   in ww2 it was hugely important yet pales to the russian effort . 
  in the east and the west theater ? 
  ` cuz i 'm pretty sure the russians were super duper busy getting their asses handed to them in the east . 
   cool , lets see your sources that western and southern europe would be speaking russian had the us not intervened . 
  ok , let 's just fantasize for a second and assume lonely little britain is able to defeat nazi germany . 
  france is disorganized , britain is depopulated from the war , the russian bear 's chugging along full steam ahead .
