  what exactly the fuck is standing in their way ? 
  ` murica . 
   your ~ ~ country ~ ~ obama is one of the main reasons isis exists , so nice work there . 
  ftfy, 
  classic lost the argument off topic side swipe . 
   wwi ? 
  i think you need to go educate yourself a little . 
  sure , good luck beating the kaiser or hitler without us industrial support , not to mention all the cities full of military age dudes that got depopulated before we got on the scene . 
   it still pales in comparison to the russian war effort bro , the only reason europe is n't speaking russian is because of us involvement . 
  check yourself before you wreck yourself . 
   the us military is bloated because they want to be able to invade other countries . 
  europe has no interest in that so their military serves it 's exact purpose . 
  oh really ... what did france recently do to mali ... oh gosh i think they invaded it in order to go after al qaeda !, 
  the shame !, 
  [ and now al qaeda 's back in mali and spreading ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-qaeda_in_the_islamic_maghreb#2010.e2.80.93present ) ` cuz their measly ass military could n't afford to stay !, 
  pathetic . 
  absolutely pathetic . 
  europe is n't even close to matching the capabilities of it 's rivals . 
  why ? 
  because the nation you guys diss all the time freakin ' time has been spending an arm and a leg to have your back since fkn wwi . 
   as for military the eu have a perfectly capable military for what they want to achieve . 
  if what you want to achieve is europe hosting the russian army in their mom 's and sister 's bedrooms like what happened in east germany , then sure . 
  their current army is perfectly capable of facilitating that all on their lonesome . 
  the only reason to build nuclear weapons is because other people have them , and europe is n't even close to matching the capabilities of it 's rivals . 
  why ? 
  because the nation you guys diss all the time freakin ' time has been spending an arm and a leg to have your back since fkn wwi . 
  which was part of why i mentioned africa earlier in another comment . 
  well for starters , you have jack for a credible strategic nuclear and conventional military deterrent . 
  in fact , we 're your strategic nuclear and conventional military deterrent , which is just absolutely pathetic for a bloc of industrialized , highly developed 1st world countries . 
  so not only are we paying dearly for your many , many sins worldwide , we 're paying to protect the eu 's self righteously smug judgemental asses too . 
  what , you think we 're gon na bleed for free ? 
  heeeell no , we get ours . 
  believe me , i 'm not saying the us is innocent , but we have n't been on a hundreds year long institutionalized plundering bloodthirsty murder-raping rampage through the whole world either . 
  we 're the ones bleeding and paying for the institutions of political instability , monopolized nationalized property , extractive taxation , repression , rape , and slavery europe has spread throughout the world , and the eu has done nothing even comparable to what the us has done for geopolitical stability . 
  the eu was an unparalleled force for bad in the world , occupying a spot unchallenged in history , and we 're the ones bleeding and paying for it while you sit back and judge us . 
  but see , and this is the absolute kicker , the us is n't innocent either , but we are n't on an institutionalized plundering bloodthirsty murder-raping rampage across those whole world either . 
  europe was though , for literally hundreds of years . 
  you want to talk to me about the us toppling governments , the eu enforced extractive institutions of state governance that are still in large part in effect today across the third world , not to mention the political instability that arose when europe left . 
  all the us has been doing is picking up the broken bits and pieces of your old empires and trying to put them into mildly more convenient and less jagged shapes . 
  the eu has done next to jack shit to fix the damage it 's caused . 
  you call me a revisionist while you 're the one oh so casually setting aside literally hundreds of years worth of murder , rape , slavery , and political repression undertaken by your ancestors across the globe against hundreds of millions if not a few billion people ... who do you think is setting up who here exactly ? 
  i suggest you read up on the boer wars my friend . 
  the nation may have left but the dutch people never have , and they 've always been total assholes to the natives . 
  sure , forget the hundreds of years of abuse you handed the world during the colonial era . 
  jeez , you call us revisionists . 
  the european wholesale redrawing of ethnic boundaries in the mid east and africa and the authoritarian political revolution you imposed on the whole world during the colonial era is where the majority of these problems are coming from , not simple us profiteering . 
  we 've both caused problems , but you 've laid the groundwork , foundation , and done a wide majority of the rest of the work all on your own . 
  but who flips the bill with blood and treasure ? 
  who gets the blame ? 
  you 're pathetic , i will enjoy watching you smug euros cry while the eu is crushed under the sheer wait of your pride and arrogance . 
  your country ... oh you mean the crumbling shit show of a government known as the eu ? 
  they should 've let people vote for the commissioners . 
  democratically oriented people like to own their governments , they do n't like it when appointees twice removed from the voting public impose their will on the people . 
  sure , sure . 
  lets just skip past the entire colonial era . 
  get an actual military and stop outsourcing the clean up of the world problems your nations have caused . 
  revisionist us history ... oh you mean you 've decided to arbitrarily forget the entire colonial era for the sake of your argument ? 
  just us cleaning up spain 's mess . 
  and if you think south americas bad you should read about what germany and the dutch did to africa . 
  build a better one and you can name it whatever you want . 
  you probably wo n't be able to because your military industrial complex is so laughably decentralized you have to literally beg your provinces to spend more on defense ... but try anyway . 
  it 's never just a flag . 
  americans have bled for decades for global stability , from problems europe caused . 
  the time 's come for europe to reap what it sowed . 
  i was going to crack wise asking you if germany had any troops in syria . 
  joke 's on me . 
  they 've committed [ 1200 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12032948/germany-joins-fight-against-isil-after-parliament-approves-military-action-in-syria.html ) last year for support roles and they 've got [ 400 troops ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-patriot-missiles-ready-to-defend-turkey/a-16387241 ) accompanying patriot missile systems to help protect turkey from isis rockets . 
  cheers . 
  it 's nice to see a germany with half a spine for once . 
  from themselves . 
  and then they liberated themselves from themselves again !, 
  there 're really no good argument for unmitigated and unregulated , untrackable , undocumented mass migration tbh, 
  whichever way you slice the migrant crisis , either that they 're taking native jobs or they 're all going on welfare , either way you 're better off tightening your regulation of the influx . 
  thats confounded by the fact that the economic migrants coming to your country are cheap to hire and young . 
  so when they hire one over a native , youth employment ticks up a notch anyways . 
  i really hope you guys wind up being able to vote for the eu council ... 
  this shit is ridiculous and its time the council heard the people 's voices . 
  portugal or spain ? 
  i have a ba in economics . 
  * shrug * assuming what we 've said is true , that labor demand is constricted , native birth rates are low and the majority of migrants are military service age , this would mean that there 's a good supply of cheap , young entry level talent and a smaller than normal amount of positions available to them . 
  the migrants are cheaper , because they 're desperate , they may or may not depend on their employer for legal status , and they 're used to the god awful wages in their home countries . 
  so if you have a limited number of positions available and your choice of talent , will you pay for more expensive young europeans , or cheaper young foreigners ? 
  bear in mind , these are economic migrants , not refugees . 
  many of them are actually educated but still willing to work for less . 
  if instead you regulate your immigration like canada does for instance , you can adjust the flow of migrants by demographic , giving relief to portions of your labor force that need it and keeping the overall rate of influx at an optimal rate for wage growth . 
  problem is , the eu council does n't care about wage growth because they are n't elected officials . 
  they care about corporations . 
  i do n't think you 're accounting for the stratification of the labor market in question . 
  the wide majority of the immigrants coming in are male and are young , roughly military service age . 
  this skews labor statistics , improving our perception of youth unemployment in germany while still displacing and out-pricing native born labor . 
  labor displacement can be estimated by income stagnation . 
  migrant labor is cheaper , therefore it weighs income stats downward . 
  labor comes from people . 
  people enter a labor market via 3 means . 
  birth right , civil rights reform , and immigration . 
  as previously stated , the eu has a labor supply problem . 
  the eu already has a low birth rate . 
  civil rights are already well established and have been for decades . 
  currently the eu is taking it upon itself to import a whole heck of a ton of cheap to employ `` refugee '' economic migrants . 
  gosh , i wonder why labor prices are stagnant and youths ca n't find entry level work ?????
