  what the fuck were the top defense officials doing if they could n't catch 9/11 when previous similar plans were compromised . 
  does n't add up . 
  why do we have an international role to help people ? 
  were a country not a fucking charity . 
  selfish is thinking you have a right to other people 's money . 
  sure we can have foreign relations and all of that but why we do we have an obligation to spend our money on other countries ? 
  who cares about the rest of the planet most of them hate us anyways . 
  were literally giving away money to people who hate us when we ca n't even take care of our own country . 
  `` protesting injustice '' while forming an angry mob and attacking people . 
  good one . 
  as a black man this is fucking unacceptable . 
  tactical nuke incoming it ` s over, 
  both of those devolved into dictatorship ... 
  do you see us shopping for the most benefits ? 
  fuck refugees , if canada ever got into trouble they would run away again . 
  australia is everything we should aim to be . 
  baffin island can be our detention center . 
  the absolute madman, 
  justice has been served, 
  definitely just touring . 
  good one . 
  bad idea . 
  signing free trade agreements with poor countries always hurts the middle class here in canada . 
  ukraine is mexico poor . 
  for you, 
  `` hitler '' because when jackson asked the native americans how many people they would be taking on the move they didnt count their slaves because they didnt consider them people . 
  jackson didnt provide enough food , water and supplies because the native americans didnt tell him an accurate number of people they would be taking on the journey . 
  jackson also adopted a native american son . 
  never said they did . 
  try reading . 
  natives dont believe in ownership of land plus all the people who created canada during confederation were british and french . 
  canada 's truest traditions are french in quebec and anglo in the rest , stop rewriting history . 
  why though ? 
  some values and traditions are worse than others . 
  do any of you think if i moved to india they would allow me to break their customs and traditions ? 
  not for white christians, 
  can you refute what i said ? 
  do these experts ever think that maybe women just dont want to join the military ? 
  yeah and they kicked us all out . 
  i am asking do you think india today would allow me to just move over there and complain that their traditions offend me ? 
  you should stop embarrassing yourself , you 're an indian that moved to canada and you complain that it 's not like india . 
  that would be like me going into a mcdonald 's and complaining that it 's not subway . 
  if you do n't respect canadian traditions you can go back . 
  also natives signed the treaties so it 's fair game . 
  i said if you do n't respect canadian traditions you can go back . 
  you have a reading problem , you were born on canadian soil yet apparently you need hooked on phonics . 
  who 's really proving their stupidity ? 
  he obviously did n't care too much about canadian traditions if his religion took precedence over the mountie uniform . 
  there 's also some old trump on the view in like 2011 saying the exact same things he said during his campaign . 
  this russian puppet stuff is too much . 
  maybe he contacted russia idk but his campaign ideas are his own . 
  my comment was to say i dont think changing stuff in the military is suddenly going to lead to lots of women signing up , not that there should be no women in the military . 
  if women pass the same standards as men i dont care . 
  by voting for the liberals and ndp ? 
  agreed if anything make fun of canada or germany, 
  probably could if he meant just defending . 
  no way they would be able to conquer the whole world but they could probably take the whole world in war and draw it to a stalemate . 
  uk is an island and us is surrounded by oceans and two militarily weak countries . 
  ignoring libya , syria and yemen are we ? 
  texas joined the union after fighting for independence , are texans cucks ? 
  things change , i know i would vote for joining the usa . 
  alberta is the only province ( state ) where this would even have a chance though . 
  but le drumpf cant read / s, 
  if you dont mind could you post your list of guys that actually did something good ? 
   armed conflict, 
  libya , syria and yemen would all be classified as an armed conflict . 
  nobody in this comment thread said anything about occupying . 
  the left eat their own . 
  he was probably attacked for being a white male , too much privilege . 
  i was just memeing dont even really know who this guy is . 
  if what you say is true then fuck him . 
  canada defines generation z as starting with the birth year 1993 . 
  in my view gen z are people who cant remember 9/11 . 
  only thing outstanding about illegals are their warrants, 
  were so fucked , hope im not alive to see this horrible liberal experiment unfold . 
  thats because they cant , if anything the us would gain more from selling weapons and supplies to both sides in an eu-russia war . 
  the us literally became a superpower by standing back and letting europe beat itself into a pulp . 
  let 's all focus on the evil russians though , right guys ? 
  mad max is our guy, 
  very needful this one is, 
  when virtue signaling goes wrong, 
  russian bot here , i love the canadian healthcare system, 
  when you have a leader like trudeau it 's not hard to see why that is . 
  so be it , i thank russia for releasing the truth . 
  i also hope to see them release any and all republican emails though . 
  yeah the rubles are nice , really helps me survive, 
  as they should , mexicans have invaded america for decades . 
  `` tolerant left '', 
  it 's called self defence . 
  it 's not an accusation either it 's the truth . 
  invading other countries has consequences , germany lost land after attacking others and so should mexico . 
  also , i 'm not a republican or even an american . 
  you realize american english is different from actual english right ? 
  try to do more research before making a smug comment again . 
  typical liberal . 
  i actually do know shit , your mexicans are now moving into canada because of your incompetence . 
  deal with the fucking problem already . 
  well done sherlock holmes are n't you smart . 
  i 'm canadian you fucking dunce . 
  they do n't care .
