  i agree with you man . 
  arabs are a bunch of cowards its why theyre so bad at fighting wars . 
  whats the tragegy ? 
  assad defeated the obama funded terrorists , its a great day . 
  trudeaus a cuck so trump already won . 
  feelsbadman . 
  of course this guy is the ceo of company that manufactures shit in china and other third world countries . 
  typical globalist . 
  moving our jobs overseas wasnt enough now theyre importing the actual people into our country . 
  its not the entire conflict but isis seems pretty religious . 
  im no expert though . 
  can anyone actually explain to me why bilingualism is important ? 
  why do people outside of quebec have to learn french ? 
  its seems like such a waste of money and time in schools that could be better spent . 
  because anyone who disagrees with the narrative gets banned on / r/news . 
  check out / r/worldnews for a more realistic opinion from the world . 
  this guy ran as a conservative . 
  when will our country become uncucked ? 
  we wuz engineers and shiet, 
  lol put up with our shit . 
  go ahead and leave you need us more than we need you . 
  he goes on another subreddit ohh the horror !, 
  not bitter at all . 
  our country would be way richer and better off if we didnt have to fund your socialist paradise . 
  trudeaus father ( trudeau sr , could be castro tho ) is the biggest cuckold ever though so that raises trudeau jr up . 
   the conservative elite do n't want people who can think for themselves, 
  yet something like 80 % + of teachers in public schools are liberals . 
  really makes you think . 
  holy shit joseph was a cuck, 
  dont really mind this . 
  as long as we arent taking refugees , contributing to their wars or paying humanitarian aid i honestly dont care what happens to the middle east . 
  theyre going to kill each other regardless so lets be the ones to sell them the weapons . 
  youre right i should have worded it better i meant in regards to boots on the ground and air support . 
  not really a race thing , i support selling arms to any countries as long as they arent attacking us or giving them to terrorists . 
  economic benefits for the richest not the average person . 
  except its not a trojan horse . 
  its fucking obvious to anyone with a brain that theyre invaders . 
  its our traitorous politicians who are inviting the invaders in . 
  not really i already have a culture . 
  damn only $ 23,000 to get a liberal voter for life . 
  the deal of a lifetime right there . 
  this cultural appropriation shit is so stupid . 
  people basically stole everything from white people yet we dont get mad . 
  because those that were already canadians have paid taxes for generations to have children . 
  while lee from china just got here . 
  this comment of mine was also removed for trolling . 
  he admits he was trolling but the `` rules '' seem to only be enforced against right wing points of view . 
  lets kick them out already . 
  i got banned from politics for calling her michael obama . 
  they said it was hate speech . 
  ive also been banned from canadapolitics , enoughtrumpspam and news all for bs reasons . 
  reddit in general hates anyone who doesnt agree with the hivemind . 
  i very well may be . 
  the only thing that made me mad was that others were free to do what i was doing , only difference was that they were left wing . 
  canada was never pro-multiculturalism . 
  it wasnt till that tyrant pierre trudeau signed it into the charter without asking the population if they wanted it . 
  and you make me ashamed to call myself canadian . 
  sorry you dont dominate the narrative anymore, 
  becauses theres no truth to it . 
  rich people want immigrants so they have cheap labour and left wing people want life time voters and their kids votes . 
  we discovered thorough discussion doesnt work . 
  were in do or die mode for the west and our country so we dont really care about feelings anymore . 
  we had long arguments but no one would read them . 
  then the left started just shouting so we fought back . 
  fight fire with fire , right ? 
  yet here you are in this very same thread . 
  apparently you have nothing better to do . 
  youre shouting at some guy below you told him to go fuck himself ? 
  liberals made politics this way dont blame us , blame yourself . 
  you left off the rest of what i said but whatever . 
  i guess i work for the kremlin too , just waiting on those rubles any day now . 
  also nice photo evidence of down voting someone that you disagree with . 
  immigrants are proud to call themselves canadian because our government bends over to meet their every demand . 
  while our government in comparison has done me more harm than good in the last 25 years . 
  similar but even worse in canada . 
  our government has totally revisioned our history and tells everyone that canada has always been a diverse multicultural country . 
  before theyre even in the country the government favours the immigrants by granting them citizenship . 
  if you actually put this to a census/vote i highly doubt canadians want over 300 000 people a year immigrating to canada . 
  all of the refugees in the last year living off the canadian tax payer that the majority of canadians dont support paying for if trudeau would put it to a census/vote . 
  affirmative action programs created by the government that discriminate against white males and favours the majority of immigrants to our country, 
  not exactly immigrants but the housing crisis we have across the country where foreigners are buying up all our housing . 
  government is just bending over and not doing anything ( for the most part ) to help average canadians probably because theyre getting paid off . 
  immigrants are disproportionately living off welfare and social assistance . 
  `` ninety percent of racialized persons living in poverty are first generation immigrants . '', 
  you realize most american troops died in south vietnam right ? 
  viet cong were making incursions into another sovereign country . 
  so then the viet cong werent protecting their land , they were attacking another country . 
  my point was about immigrants as was the rest of my comment . 
  `` ninety percent of racialized persons living in poverty are first generation immigrants . '', 
  its not racist its literally a fact from the government of canada . 
  was that response a `` discussion '' yes or no ? 
  persons from racialized groups made up 54 % of all immigrants in canada . 
  however , they made up 71 % of all immigrants living in poverty . 
  this shit also says china will pass the us by 2030 . 
  i dont see china keeping 5 % + growth a year in the future as manufacturing moves to cheaper destinations . 
  also trumps goal was like 3.5 % a year for the us so lets see . 
  `` tolerant '' left, 
  honestly surprised how high up we are . 
  edit how is sweden that high ? 
  also thought the us would be higher .
