  this is the funniest comment ive ever seen on reddit . 
  mexicans are so nationalistic that they desperately leave their country to illegally live in america . 
  good one . 
  weigh the losses and gains of globalization . 
  for the developing world its great but for america and the west its fucking terrible . 
  good , i hope he annexes us . 
  only good thing about liberals is that they love foreigners invading their country so it should be a quick war . 
  generation z here can confirm, 
  canadian here with an american $ 2 bill . 
  the looks on some of the cashiers here in canada when i jokingly offer to pay with it . 
  not usually unless it is very close to the border or in a tourist town ( banff ) . 
  ive seen american coins in my change too . 
  no it 's not . 
  fuck off you continental bastards the empire will rise again !, 
  america we need some freedom , plz help, 
  where did all these cucks come from ? 
  liberals in my metacanada ? 
  cucks are triggered about a word, 
  millennials are cucks , generation z will lead us back to the promise land, 
  fuck this guy , we need a trump, 
  unbelievable the kind of hateful rhetoric that is coming out of the left these days . 
  i dont even feel safe in my home anymore . 
  anyone who doesnt agree with me is a nazi . 
  keep crying wolf dumbass . 
  now if this guy would just drop his globalist liberal views i would vote for him in a heartbeat . 
  anyone who has any interest in guns is a murdering racist duh . 
  those same polls that said brexit wouldnt happen ? 
  those same polls that said trump wouldnt win ? 
  fuck off , fake news . 
  our enemies are divided and fighting themselves . 
  praise kek . 
  it 's never been about economic growth or the well being of canadians its always been about votes and `` controlling '' the population with these new voters . 
  you knew damn well i was a snake before you let me in . 
  now we know why you love refugees . 
  keep an eye on that one . 
  he looks like hes planning something . 
  and trudeau claims hes the champion of the middle class, 
  old pope needs to go , hes a muslim plant . 
  what consequences are soldiers crying about ? 
  this is the city i fucking live in . 
  trump will need to help liberate us against our cucked leader . 
  its not our fault we create fake news its just that we need the money, 
  also harper cut their funding because theyve been fake news for awhile now . 
  not really angered by this , the more stuff life this happens the faster we will get a trump like leader . 
  keep it up libs . 
  great more dumbasses can now go to university to get their useless degrees all the while partying and having a good time . 
  now they can do it all for free . 
  free of course meaning paid for by the hard working canadian taxpayer . 
  kek works in mysterious ways . 
  truth is stranger than fiction . 
  i got banned just for my name . 
  they like to quell all dissidents . 
   all time, 
  how long do you think it takes to make a reddit comment ? 
  yeah im so jealous of having to rely on others and asking for handouts . 
  build the ice wall, 
  its not a legit statement . 
  ive never seen any proof . 
  lets be better than the libs and not spread fake news . 
  trudeau is still a cuck though . 
  off topic but those are some nice portraits . 
  we here in canada need to step up our portrait game . 
  its all good , its pretty easy to think that trudeau would say something like that . 
  maybe if people actually followed that advice we would n't have a generation of fat fucks . 
  this guy isnt even a cuckservative hes a fucking liberal, 
  no hes not, 
  everyone i know in ontario hates this dramatic weed toking `` the budget will balance itself '' refugee loving feminist . 
  do you think russia would have taken crimea and invaded the eastern parts if ukraine actually had a capable military ? 
  the same could happen to canada in the arctic if we continue to not support our military . 
  now you know why the liberals changed it . 
  remember that were a post nationalist state or some shit . 
  like what exactly ? 
  even after all of those sanctions russia still has crimea and they look like they wont be giving it back . 
  the vast majority of ukraine 's air force was mothballed which allowed russia to basically just walk into crimea . 
  im not saying we could beat russia in a war but we need deterrence and something to make it costly if russia ever decides to invade our territory . 
  new ships and fighter jets are important to see this deterrence become a reality . 
  they took crimea . 
  not sure what youre reading but russia literally accomlished their goal in like a day . 
  not really a failure , if anything its been a failure to get them to relinquish crimea . 
  religion is a choice you dont pop out of the womb a muslim . 
  why the fuck are norwegians okay with their money going to fund other countries abortions ? 
  fewer retards in norway or fewer retards because of abortions ? 
  we should do the same with one of our islands up north . 
  break the law and either you suffer in the arctic or go back . 
  how can you follow a religion that hates dogs ? 
  she 's with us, 
  trump supporter here this would be a good experiment , one earth with republicans , one earth with democrats . 
  why do liberals always leave out that he said `` they let you do it '' ? 
  it 's not like chinese nationals are buying up all of our housing or anything , please keep going on about the russians though . 
  honestly i dont really care about the russians way more concerned about actual problems affecting me like the chinese buying up all of our housing or the muslims invading our country . 
  keep this liberal out of the conservative party . 
  agreed , politicians should have little to no say in military purchases . 
  give the military a budget and let them pick the best tool for the job . 
  the government didnt provide you with shit , the people of canada did . 
  some people lurk for awhile to get the gist of reddit and the lingo that is used on certain subs . 
  i did this for a good 2 years before i made an account . 
  hillary and the left actually went even further and tried to insult working class people who were thinking of voting trump by labeling them as uneducated . 
  even after the election this has n't stopped and the left still claims that they 're the party of the working class . 
  this is what i think too . 
  google the bojinka plot and realize that bin laden helped fund it .
