  seems like you 're just not smart enough to understand what trump is doing . 
  ignorance is bliss i guess . 
  i identify as a senior citizen and if the government does n't give me a pension they 're a bunch of bigots . 
  i identify as a martian and if you do n't let me go back to my home on mars you are a bigot . 
  5d underwater pin the tail on the donkey, 
  i 'm actually starting to identify as a syrian refugee so if you do n't watch your tone with me i 'll have you arrested you white privileged asshole . 
  yeah that fdr was sure one conservative guy, 
  no one takes an actual iq test in elementary school . 
  imagine the cbc reporting on something like that today . 
  white supremacist nazis protest against innocent syrians !!, 
  that 's not the definition of theft . 
  if being gay is n't a choice why are these people celebrating something that they had no control over ? 
  parades are for special people , these people are n't special . 
  trump basically got the same amount of the minority votes as every other republican for the last 30 + years . 
  keep watching cnn you beta sheep . 
  that shit was like 40 years ago so it 's time to move on . 
  i swear these parades are just used for people to get attention . 
  socialists are weak fucks who need others and the government to provide for them as they are n't self reliant . 
  conservatives are individuals who just want the government and others to leave them the fuck alone and give them space to find prosperity on their own . 
  as a proud cuck i 'm ecstatic that my party ( the liberals ) are beginning to realize how pleasurable cuckoldry can be . 
  of course the guy from quebec thinks people on the right are all the result of peer pressure . 
  god i wish we could vote to kick your stupid fucking province out of this country . 
  highly doubt that . 
  cbc would have run a 2 day special on it if it actually happened . 
  right ? 
  lefties claim all the time how they care about the downtrodden working class but now you can see their true colours as they just label these people dumb uneducated bigots even wishing many of the older ones to just die off already . 
  except you 're wrong it 's not about prejudice it 's just about competition . 
  most of these people who voted for brexit are n't racist they just do n't want to lose their job or have their wages reduced because of people from eastern europe . 
  put yourself in their shoes . 
  it 's supposed to be general . 
  i said lefties because i see the same thing happening in left leaning parties across many different countries . 
  i 'm canadian and i see it here in my country and i 've also witnessed it in reaction to brexit and trump . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  we need a higher birth rate . 
  the country was n't founded on immigration , you ca n't immigrate to something that does n't exist . 
  so you just ignored all the facts this guy gave you and turned it into how it makes you feel , feels over reals . 
  thank god you came to our country you 'll fit right in with the other morons . 
  why do these people always look the way i imagine they would ? 
  when people refer to the decline they 're referring to the number of jobs not the output . 
  this is something that was actually reported here in canada on our national news . 
  we 're literally paying for buzzfeed shit with our taxes . 
  obama , the guy who handed republicans the presidency , the house , the senate and the majority of governorships is one of the best presidents ? 
  rethink your life if you think obama was one of the best presidents . 
  you do n't need to win the vote , what world are you living in ? 
  why do liberals like you pretend to care about the working class ? 
  just come out and admit it already , you hate them . 
  if you work for blackwater or whatever they 're called now you make a shit ton of money though . 
  those `` cannon fodder '' probably make more than you bud . 
  i still think pmcs are a bad idea just thought i would let you know . 
  it 's also funny from an environmental angle . 
  liberals are obsessed with global warming but they do n't have a problem with bringing more people to our country who will use more resources and further cause global warming . 
  really gets you thinking . 
  these idiots do n't realize that the original immigrants largely from the british isles were n't like current immigrants . 
  they did n't just show up and hop on welfare and have access to affirmative action bullshit . 
  the old immigrants had to work hard day in and day out to build the foundation of our modern country . 
  many of these old immigrants even faced death from starvation or from the cold if they did n't work hard enough . 
  none of this it taught in school though just stuff about how whitey stole canada . 
  but they got free land , fucking white privileged assholes / s, 
  with what weapons ? 
  our hockey sticks ? 
  bronn , hound and davos are my people . 
  one of them must survive till the end . 
  putin is a legend . 
  it 's too bad i was n't born in russia . 
  if you were actually informed like i am ( 2 gender studies degrees , read the communist manifesto 5 times ) you would know that only one side displayed in this picture are actually bad . 
  next time before making a bigoted post remember that the communists were peaceful people who were just trying to stop the nazis . 
  right ? 
  canadians have all drank the kool aid . 
  much of the middle class in brazil for instance all have their own maids . 
  over here in canada the average millennial ca n't buy a house , they 're single , probably will never have children and they 'll work a horrible job till they die . 
  at least we can virtue signal all day along and act smug though !, 
  toronto is in the top five yet other cities lost points due to overcrowded public transport , protests and terror threats ? 
  as a torontonian this is some fake news . 
  i walk to work . 
  used to take the subway when i lived farther away and it was horrible . 
  i am the senate, 
  100 % of antifa members are communists and anarchists fighting under the guise of stopping nazis . 
  unfortunately this tactic has been very effective as seen by trump 's comment where apparently now it 's controversial to say that communists are dangerous too . 
  how can you feel like a woman if you 've never been a woman in your life ? 
  take that le drumpf xd, 
  bitcoin . 
  people have tried to explain it to me but i find it hard to understand . 
  littlefinger the greatest plotter in the seven kingdoms ca n't realize when he 's beating plotted against might be the shows dumbest moment . 
  it 's even worse because bran said `` chaos is a ladder '' to littlefinger a few episodes back . 
  apparently littlefinger the greatest plotter in the seven kingdoms ca n't put 2 and 2 together and realize bran can see the past . 
  littlefinger should have spies that told him that bran can see the past then . 
  you 're right i 'm still just kind of angry about how his story ended as i personally did n't like it . 
  after season 4 his character was butchered in my eyes . 
  do n't tell them . 
  the left is destroying themselves with their support for race and sexual identity shit along with being anti free speech . 
  when was o'leary ever the favourite to win leadership over on metacanada ? 
  do n't talk on matters you know nothing about . 
  i love the air show it really points out all the fags in toronto, 
  which thread is this from ? 
  he wants to terminate nafta to get rid of mexico . 
  if nafta was terminated canada and the us would still have a free trade agreement iirc . 
  spencer in 2008 was a ron paul supporter though hardly what would be called alt right today . 
  so now a jewish person is being accused of being a nazi for opposing soros ? 
  did you just assume that statues gender ???? 
  fucking white male bigot .
