  also you claim we made it about race when were here commenting on a race related article from a leftist media source and also as we hear the cries of liberals across america whining about `` racist '' trump . 
  good one . 
  here it is right here a liberal claiming that trump and his voters are all racist kkk members . 
  we in the right made it about race though !, 
  no response so you resort to deeming me a troll . 
  run along and let the adults talk now . 
  dude i live in toronto , and have lived in canada my whole life . 
  i mostly follow american politics because it 's more interesting and i like their candidates more . 
  i 've also finally looked it up and trump got the same % of white voters as bush did in 2004 . https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/how-groups-voted/groups-voted-2016/ https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/how-groups-voted/how-groups-voted-2004/, 
  and a similar % of white people have been voting for republicans yet suddenly they 're all nazis . 
  https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/how-groups-voted/groups-voted-2016/ https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/how-groups-voted/how-groups-voted-2004/, 
  did you even watch the video or did you just feel the need to make a snarky comment ? 
  watch the video , it 's not about white nationalism . 
  the natives were trying to say that this land was n't apart of canada . 
  voting for trump makes you a white supremacist nazi to many people, 
  okay , so have you watched the video ? 
  if you did you would know this is n't about white nationalism , but i 'm the person who does n't care about facts . 
  seems like some pretty terrible analysis . 
  the north korean military is third world compared to the south . 
  south korea by itself could decimate north korea . 
  by that logic the united states also discriminates as you need to be a natural born citizen to become president . 
  how are people so stupid in this time and age where they can still get pregnant ? 
  these idiots deserve to suffer and raise a child for 18 years . 
  the state should n't cover for other people 's mistakes, 
  you ever hear about democrats going on about blue texas ? 
  texas is going blue because of illegals and other immigrants . 
  democrats love immigrants because the vast majority vote for them . 
  reagan and the republicans literally granted amnesty to million of illegals and they still voted democrat . 
  people from south america make up the large majority of illegals so of course the focus is on them . 
  nobody is going to talk about the 1 guy from canada when there are 100 south americans . 
  sure , but the fundamental problem is that the hispanic community just does n't vote republican full stop . 
  republican strategy is now based around trying to deport these people rather than try to get them to become republican because history has shown you can literally grant these people amnesty and they still wo n't vote for you . 
  republicans even used to try to appeal to the hispanic community as shown by this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixi9_cciy8w, 
  also hw bush lost the hispanic vote 70 to 30 only 2 years after amnesty https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/how-groups-voted/how-groups-voted-1988/, 
  liberals in the same sentence will say white people conquered this land and ruined it while also saying white people did n't build this country, 
  yeah , making fun of 9/11 definitely means you won, 
  look a little harder bud, 
  how was it an invasion ? 
  american troops were stationed in south vietnam where they were asked to be there by the internationally recognized government . 
  are russian troops invading syria right now ? 
  common sense party, 
  in the eyes of the world ( un ) being democratically elected has no bearing on you being the legitimate government of a country . 
  north vietnam/vietcong were n't democratically elected either so i do n't see your point . 
  i will agree with you that the election of diem was suspect . 
  in my opinion the vietnam war was n't an invasion , it was a civil war where each side had foreign backers . 
  there 's no other based countries , you have to take a stand . 
  war is a natural thing , just look at ants . 
  the british empire was the greatest thing to ever happen since rome . 
  pax britannica , unprecedented wealth , industrialization , law and order , technology etc. 
  celebrity worship, 
  right ? 
  it 's too bad politicians will never create laws that could hurt themselves . 
  even worse is the fact that he also published this shit on some news site . 
  fake news folks . 
  ants fight wars , google it . 
  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ants-and-the-art-of-war/ https://www.wired.com/2010/08/gallery-ant-warfare/2/, 
  if the wage gap was real and there was rampant discrimination happening all over the world there would be thousands of court cases . 
  but that 's not the case at all as there 's only like 5 court cases in the last 30 years . 
  oh well , survival of the fittest, 
  i hate this guy but he 's gon na win a second term because canadians are retarded ( mostly due to school indoctrination ) and because our conservative party leader has the charisma of jeb bush . 
  this guy literally did nothing wrong . 
  the british were at war with the mikmaq as they were french allies . 
  better take down every war statue ever erected if you 're offended . 
  foreign aid , welfare , pointless wars and then a financial crisis . 
  how are the things i 've listed not large contributions to the debt ? 
  i will also add that bush should n't have cut taxes when deciding to invade afghanistan and iraq . 
  you really think that social security , medicaid and corporate bailouts are n't a significant portion of the debt ? 
  i 'm sure the founder of the mikmaq was a saint, 
  probably has a statue or painting in one of their villages/communities, 
  it 's only bad when europe does it . 
  antifa and other commies . 
  just look at the castro worship . 
  this ca n't be true mine is 6.5 inches and it looks small, 
  holy fuck this guy is an embarrassment . 
  he looks like the kid everyone in high school ignored . 
  sad how that aboriginal is appropriating my culture by having tattoos . 
  because most people do n't have that many pictures of themselves . 
  we 're not all selfie taking fucks . 
  of course communists hate reagan, 
  reagan raised military spending bigly which caused the soviet union to have to raise their spending to compete . 
  reagan did n't win cold war himself but he was one of the biggest reasons why it was eventually won . 
  ndp has been colluding with russia for decades, 
  there 's a difference between being the leader of an irrelevant country versus being the leader of the main power in a conflict . 
  it 's not conditioning . 
  putin is an ideal republican in some ways . 
  russia was only an enemy to these people when they were communist . 
  i do n't really give a shit if russia occupies its neighbours . 
  most of these countries were apart of russia for 300 + years anyways . 
  good . 
  this is unfortunately the best and most effective use of tax dollars . 
  they banned me because they said my name is offensive even though there 's tons of fuck le drumpf people over there . 
  i may just be confused on what you 're trying to say but the british empire goes back way longer than 250 years and russia was never the most dominant force in the world . 
  if they deny then just link them this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_program#the_25-point_program_of_the_nsdap and point out all the socialist parts . 
  anyone who says the nazis were n't socialist is either lying or ignorant . 
  i 'm glad we have someone as wise as you to tell us the truth about these complex matters . 
  you realize that the people who operate drones are people right ? 
  you 're also acting like many in the military would n't defect in the case of a tyrannical government . 
  remember this when trudeau is talking about his carbon tax . 
  once a tax is introduced it will never be repealed . 
  i approve,
