its 2016 who needs a military we have to spend all our money on refugees and humanitarian causes . 
  this is the first real look i have seen of pence and he looks great . 
  while kaine looked like a nervous wreck the silver fox was calm , cool and collected . 
  the absolute worst thing kaine said all night was that mount rushmore comment . 
  why are you disappointed ? 
  are you ashamed of people who are standing up for canadian values ? 
  this is why we need the donald, 
  i do n't think hes the best leader ever but hes the best we got so we will have to make do . 
  anything to get that pc feminist refugee lover trudeau out of here is good with me . 
  can you expand on this , is law really that bad of a choice ? 
  this is why we need trump, 
  as much as i like to think the cpc is better than the liberals all the parties in canada have terrible immigration policies . 
  i would like to see a party/leader make this a forefront issue . 
  they were n't illegal though, 
  walk softly and carry a big stick, 
  liberals get violent when they hear the truth, 
  or maybe trumps ideas were too complex for 12 year olds to understand ? 
  thats just bad parenting , no one is above the law . 
  i feel bad for the kids but its entirely the parents fault . 
  this is honestly the first and only good thing trudeau has done . 
  its nice to see trudeau care about someone other than the refugees for once . 
  i think the entire west is just seeing a rise in right leaning people and this reflects on this subreddit . 
  so people who are actually interested in politics prefers trump, 
  while people who know nothing and just follow others prefer clinton, 
  good to know, 
  that feel when your anglo brethren are all doing cool shit and we fucking elect the biggest cuck ever, 
  can you expand on what is bad about the us and russia becoming friends ? 
  ms president why did you appoint an all women cabinet ? 
  because it 's 2016 !, 
  caring about your people and country is racist have n't you heard ? 
  yeah like canada is just doing fucking great, 
  i guess no one can wear jeans anymore because as a white man that offends me, 
  the only good to come of this is that it seems that the people of canada are finally waking up , if you take a look at the comments of that article for example . 
  anyone who voted for trudeau was an idiot all you had to do was look at what his father did . 
  make space great again, 
  dae republicans are stupid, 
  we liberals are soooo smart and progressive, 
  racial profiling is something that all people are made to do . 
  have you ever heard of this thing called pattern recognition ? 
  i honestly fear for the future of this country and western society as a whole . 
  not everyone in the canada and the us are immigrants . 
  you realize somebody actually had to build and create those countries right ? 
  you ca n't fucking immigrate to something that does n't exist . 
  go watch cnn you cuck, 
  typical hillary voter of course you have no regard for the law, 
  yes make fun of someone for thinking that upholding the law is important , good one . 
  do n't you have a blm riot to attend or something ? 
  he pays taxes he just uses loopholes to pay less ... 
  sexual assault requires a lack of consent, 
  yep , i think following the law is important good insult bud, 
  anyone who disagrees with you is a nazi huh ? 
  yes we take vandalism very seriously, 
  trump supporters think following the law is very important, 
  i thought the left were tolerant of all peoples ? 
  why would a man pumping another man be funny ? 
  the left has known about vandalism for awhile ? 
  wikileaks says otherwise, 
  yeah like canada really cares about meeting its nato obligations, 
  except being in canada we will be unarmed thanks to our commie gun laws, 
  try not to totally show your bias, 
  spez is not a trump supporter you dumbass hes hated on the donald, 
  this is my biggest problem with immigrants they leave their countries and move to a different country and wish to make it the same as the country they left . 
  when they say commonwealth they mean canada , australia , nz and some im sure even mean the usa, 
  i understand that , but when some think commonwealth they think it is synonymous with anglosphere, 
  yes russia a country of 150 million with an economy the size of australia is gon na tell the us what to do . 
  anglosphere isnt just a language thing ( look at africa i think like at least 1/4 of it speaks english ) the anglosphere is more of a cultural ethnicity thing, 
  the people who represent the values canada was founded with ... 
  no you would n't . 
  pierres the reason were `` progressing '' into a multicultural shithole . 
  justin hasnt done anything that bad , yet . 
  im in toronto , i would move to alberta if you guys were to separate . 
  fuck toronto man its easily the worst city in canada and might be the worst in the world in regards to sjw feminism shit . 
  based red ensign, 
  praise kek, 
  how salty are you liberals ? 
  i thought trump had no chance ? 
  yah wont be going now will ya bud, 
  this is great news , canada just needs its own trump now, 
  they all laughed at us, 
  look whos laughing now, 
  why dont liberals immigrate to mexico ? 
  stay the fuck out of canada we dont need anymore liberal trash in our country . 
  this is good but canadas gon na get a bunch of liberal cunts, 
  nice try you fucking cuck, 
  how salty are you guys right now ? 
  keep sucking the establishment dick you media indoctrinated cucks, 
  were full . 
  we dont need anymore immigrants or liberals . 
  ive never seen so much salt in one thread, 
  this was a great moment , now we need to start working on making canada great again . 
  i honestly feel like a trump like candidate would would work in canada . 
  they werent spot on though ... 
  my familes been in canada before it was even a country . 
  i wont surrender it to you and your liberal agenda . 
  wow you know canada has hit rock bottom whens its news that our fucking prime minister says middle class people want a shot at success . 
  like wow this is just eye opening i thought people wanted to be failures . 
  looks like a good sub , i subscribed . 
  hope to see some more great content in 2017 and beyond !, 
  maybe nevada and colorado too, 
  thank you to affirmative action for giving this land whale a chance to embarrass herself,
