  canada is an anglo country you moron . 
  its like helping out your father or brother when hes in trouble . 
  google it sometime . 
  its not a conspiracy though . 
  people were talking about cultural marxism in the 90s and look at what has happened . 
  multiple genders , political correctness , death of free speech , forced multiculturalism , not being allowed to speak out against minorities women or other religions or youre either racist , sexist or a bigot or even all 3 . 
  ever go on the donald or read some stats some time ? 
  tons of former and current military support donald . 
  majority of people who own guns in america also support donald so stop talking like your candidate was ever the party of bad asses . 
  only 2 soros puppets left . 
  globalist traitor scum . 
  trump got elected democratically whether you like it or not . 
  you cant change the facts , i know you libs like to do that . 
  yeah foreigners were n't allowed to vote either . 
  so subtract those illegals . 
  you cant change the rules when you lose . 
  if the election was going to be by popular vote then maybe trump would have spent more time campaigning in california or new york for example . 
  he didnt do this because he knew the rules they were going to be playing by , hence him campaigning a lot in the rust belt for example . 
  lol you think far right is mainstream . 
  leave your echo chamber every so often . 
  yes i understood you . 
  you think that as reddit has become more mainstream people from the mainstream are bringing their toxic far right ideologies to this site . 
  i was saying that your comment is laughable because for the most part people from the mainstream are not even close to far right . 
  you made a huge mistake and you think its fine that you will suffer no punishment ? 
  guess its okay if i just drive drunk and kill someone because it was an `` accident . '', 
  no he still would have lost . 
  but he would have gotten more of the vote which matters as i was talking about popular vote . 
  you also have to take into account that a lot of voters ( on both sides ) dont even vote at all if they live in a state where they think their vote wont really matter as the state always goes a certain way . 
  a lot of right leaning people in california end up not voting at all for example . 
  not really harassing either just making some comments on a public forum . 
  honest question but is it actually illegal to wear a bulletproof vest to school ? 
   dying to be just like the other kids, 
  poor word choice friend, 
  gay people do have mental illnesses . 
  mental illnesses are just abnormal behaviour . 
  for sure . 
  was just wondering what the legality of bullet proof vests are . 
  yeah too bad it wont be our kids . 
  trudeau lives in a whole other world . 
  do you flip flop between the ndp and conservatives ? 
  can i ask why or what the mindset behind that is ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the response . 
  wtf i love o'leary now, 
  this is a sad subreddit . 
  im sorry but you guys might be the biggest sore losers ive ever seen . 
  guess that 's what happens when the media tells you for a year that there 's no way that donald can win . 
  harper wasnt great but holy shit trudeau is fucking terrible . 
  thank you canadians for voting this embarrassment in . 
  you guys are fucking insane . 
  all this talk about how trump supporters arent real patriots yet here you all are stoking the fires of civil war . 
  i would advise you guys to stop and just focus on 2020 if you want to stop trump so badly . 
  you do realize this isnt the only thing trudeau has done ? 
  harper wasnt great but he was better than trudeau by a long shot . 
  we should have just stayed the course . 
  thanks . 
  wrote this at 2am , my bad . 
  fuck i hate this guy so much . 
  hes such an embarrassment . 
  america annex my country please . 
  we need to exile the entire trudeau family . 
  those slimy french traitors need to go . 
  bend the knee or be destroyed . 
  romneys a failure anyways he couldnt even beat obama . 
  well memed ivan, 
  get this man a coat he 's out in the rain !, 
  my families been in canada before it was even a country ( just after the american revolution ) and fuck our immigration levels, 
  lock her up , people who fake crimes should get the same sentence as the crime . 
  oh no not the poor innocent natives who were strictly peaceful and definitely did n't try to kill each other all the fucking time . 
  property is not worth less than any human life , what world do you live in ? 
  most home invaders are scum anyways that society would be better off without . 
  the donald is a shit posting fan site for `` the donald . '', 
  politics is supposed to be like the name says a subreddit for discussing politics from all views . 
  in reality its just a hate everything donald does and post misleading articles to try to get him impeached or something . 
  every civilization in the history of the planet killed and conquered others . 
  my ancestors were just the best at it . 
   our imperialism has destroyed the middle east, 
  you want to expand on that or are you going to just spout sykes picot like every other moron ? 
  im mad because it 's the rest of these morons in the country who are letting them in . 
  i agree with him on most things . 
  not everything mind you . 
  at least youre truthful about it unlike the rest of them . 
  also youre only conquering canada because its own fucking citizens are allowing you . 
  all the people who created canada were european, 
  is this a real comment ? 
  you honestly think the natives created canada ? 
  go look at some pictures of confederation no natives buddy . 
  the natives did not found the us and canada . 
  look at the declaration of independence and our confederation no natives were involved . 
  sure they lived here first but they didnt create the countries . 
  the germans and irish did destroy anglo/british culture though . 
  just ask benjamin franklin and look at us demographics today . 
  none of that changes the fact that natives didnt create canada . 
  youre right it doesnt really make sense was just going off of what he posted, 
  guess i 'll be voting maxime . 
  wish we could share trump . 
  he also compared us to the swedish , fuck o'leary i was wrong about this guy . 
  he made a mistake and then corrected it , what is the big deal honestly ? 
  wow sounds like just the hillary people are bothered by it . 
  really gets your neurons firing .
