  you sound like the whiny one . 
  let me get a kleenex for your tears . 
  trump said no to a non-binding agreement . 
  if other countries cared about the survival of humanity they would negoiate a better more binding treaty . 
  i 'm pretty sure gandalf killed some orcs, 
  you guys actually had balls back then, 
  there 's a newer version that starts in 1940 and they added france , italy and china as playable countries . 
  i believe they also made a ww1 version . 
  pretty cool stuff . 
  yeah and i 'm in a race with bill gates for the richest man alive, 
  of course trudeau is in with the deep state . 
  fuck this guy . 
  were not losing we control the house , senate , presidency , supreme court and the majority of governors . 
  use actual reflection and reasoning next time . 
  that sometimes the truth is n't good enough, 
  no one is jealous of michelle . 
  ive seen men that look more feminine than her . 
  remember that childhood story about crying wolf ? 
  please say this is sarcasm ? 
  they love how stupid and easy our politicians are to trick, 
  good , if the government are too useless to do their job then it 's a good thing if citizens are stepping up . 
  how is it anti-canadian ? 
  we are living in a post-national state . 
  we have no identity , do n't you remember ? 
  the border ? 
  why is trudeau just letting these fucks walk right in ? 
  make them eat bacon . 
  case closed . 
  pierre trudeau is the worst by far, 
  is n't it just that obesity is increasing ? 
  maybe it 's the whole fuck white men thing . 
  never said that . 
  this article is about the suicide rate increasing in canada though , most men in canada are white . 
  basic shit . 
  u have a fetish you would like to share ? 
  good , fuck those commie bastards, 
  cultural appropriation is a joke . 
  just look how it only applies to white people , it 's never stop using the internet or stop wearing jeans if you 're not white . 
  yep would n't want to draw attention to your real father huh bud ? 
  yeah it 's not like obama ever tried to take the guns , right ? 
  all we need is drones . 
  these old dinosaurs do n't know about the future like i do . 
  i know , was just making fun of the drone posters that comment on every article about fighter jets, 
  rome needed to keep conquering to give land away to the soldiers and to pay the mercenaries . 
  politicians have to keep promising social benefits and other shit to get elected . 
  that 's the comparison he was making , not social safety nets . 
  salary is n't based off how good of a person you are , it 's based off how much value you create . 
  there 's only one connor mcgregor while there 's millions of plumbers . 
  lots of countries fail at supporting vets . 
  canada for instance is also terrible . 
  most of those wars are bullshit . 
  they counted piracy which would make basically every country on the planet at war as were all fighting somali pirates . 
  you realize the british took hong kong in 1839 , right ? 
  they surpassed china way before the late 1800s . 
  there 's also this thing called the victorian era named after a certain british person . 
  edit i misread what he wrote , disregard this comment, 
  i just realized i messed up and misread what he said . 
  i thought he wrote late 1800s for some reason . 
  my bad . 
  they have n't paid taxes for generations . 
  im an actual canadian and i agree with you bud . 
  fuck this country , bunch of dumbass liberals ruined it . 
  we also have affirmative action . 
  it 's dumb . 
  how angry are you guys right now ? 
  the winning never stops on the trump train . 
  wow a young guy beat an old man in a handshake . 
  do it pussy , no balls, 
  yes im a nazi bro even though my great grandfather died fighting the nazis . 
  good one . 
  how am i nazi , honestly ? 
  im also canadian so you 're 0/2 . 
  this is some bad trolling bud . 
  yeah an informed and educated group of people think there 's 72 genders . 
  good one . 
  if taxpayers pay for stadiums then taxpayers should get to go into the stadium for free . 
  otherwise hit the road you corporate welfare scumbags . 
  i do n't think the french thing is for the job so much as it for outside of work . 
  that 's nice . 
  run along and let the adults talk now . 
  what is the point of gay marriage ? 
  i 've never understood it ? 
  i get that , but how will being married suddenly change their lives ? 
  canada is a declining country . 
  at one point it was good but the liberals have destroyed this once great nation . 
  i 'm glad he 's good at doing the minimum there is to be a politician !, 
  fuck my city man . 
  how about you go back across the bering strait and leave canada to its original inhabitants . 
  whiny natives need to fuck off . 
  everyone can protest , or no one can . 
  if only the terrorist sympathizing liberals did n't bring this waste of sperm back to our country . 
  should have left him in guantanamo . 
  why not ? 
  it 's war . 
  you 're calling people `` cowards '' when you yourself are against free speech . 
  you are the coward that is afraid of different points of view . 
  when you stop others from freely speaking it just gives them credibility , just some words of advice . 
  90 % + of black people voted for obama , no one ever calls them supremacists . 
  like 60 % of white people voted for trump and apparently white people are all nazi white supremacists . 
  similar numbers of white people have also been voting for republicans yet you all cry about nazi trump and his followers .
