  justins brother is also a lot shorter . 
  holy shit is castro actually his father ? 
  crooked trudeau . 
  stop flip flopping and go to your dads funeral . 
  sad !, 
  just buy the f35 for fucks sake . 
  israel 's buying them . 
  why not follow the country that has been in the most conflict in the last 50 years ? 
  name one plane that has never crashed ? 
  honestly what a stupid comment . 
  us , uk and australia are all buying it . 
  those close enough for you ? 
  i think israel knows more about air combat than you . 
  but what do i know maybe youre the fucking red baron . 
  denmark and norway are also buying it . 
  heard of the arctic circle ? 
  greenland and northern norway are both in there . 
  how are they not the same requirements ? 
  youre right , but the cf18 is getting old . 
  point i was trying to make is that israel has one of if not the most combat tested air force in the world and theyre buying the f35 . 
  us , uk and australia are all buying it too if you want to know . 
  all with their own money . 
  if you prepare for war , they win, 
  during testing i would bet it crashed or failed in some way, 
  got banned from there because of my name . 
  feelsbadman, 
  whats wrong with my posting ? 
  im a real scholar . 
  i really am getting tired of winning . 
  they fucking said they should n't play the national anthem . 
  wtf ? 
  defund the cbc and drain the swamp . 
  need a safe space to stop yourself from getting triggered ? 
  his name is justin castro . 
  please fix it . 
  thanks . 
   preventing a conwoman from rising to power, 
  it did just that didnt it ? 
  can you explain more about the effect of hard physical labour on aging ? 
  yes gender studies degrees really show who the more intelligent group of people are . 
  obese and overweight people should have to pay more in healthcare taxes . 
  sick of paying for these land whales . 
  that would make you a cuck, 
  yes but 90 % of the positive impact on the world ( probably more ) was done by men so it makes sense to have 90 % of the roads named after men . 
  they already remember important women . 
  thats why 10 % of streets are named after them . 
  theyve been `` kept '' from competing because theyre not on the same level . 
  how hard is this to understand ? 
  if women were equal or greater than men they would have never been oppressed . 
  funniest part about this feminism shit is that today were equal because men let up and allowed women an opportunity . 
  how is the truth trolling ? 
  refute what i said ? 
  i support this , we need a tough stance on china . 
  theyre not our friend theyre our rival . 
  lets not buy the plane literally all of our close allies are buying !, 
  how does this statement make him a cuckservative honestly wondering ? 
  or is it something else that i am unaware of ? 
  all doctors are smart, 
   marries a muslim and tries to divorce, 
  yes people who work in silicon valley are going to move to a country where you cant even use twitter . 
  man this sub is full of geniuses . 
  how is that you guys are still so salty ? 
  everything is political . 
  educated guess . 
  try using this thing called pattern recognition . 
  we as humans all have it . 
  never said that . 
  stop with the whataboutisms . 
  its my opinion man . 
  im not gon na leave just because you got triggered . 
  like how china is on pace to pass the us ? 
  we need to act now you pussy . 
  yes the man that became the president and is a billionaire doesnt know how to plan . 
  good one bud . 
  this has to be some kind of warcrime . 
  canada should have the same gun laws as america . 
  canadas self defence laws are also a fucking joke . 
  god damn liberals . 
   experts, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  you honestly think pierre trudeau was an expert on guns ? 
  why are liberal indoctrination centers subsidized by the canadian taxpayer ? 
  why is the liberal brainwashing media subsidized by the canadian taxpayer ? 
  and liberalism isnt a religion ? 
  honestly tell the truth have you ever in your life ever not voted or thought left wing ? 
  same thing happened in canada when the french were mad that they werent the dominant group in canada anymore and threatened to secede from the country . 
  french people are a bunch of cunts who throw a fit when they dont get their way . 
  lol only great province . 
  try the most corrupt liberal shithole . 
  look at the facts sometime . 
  how many families could have had children for the money weve spent on these refugees is a better question . 
  liberals give their opinions on who the best `` conservative '' candidate is, 
  im getting tired of winning . 
  dude badass bikers hang out on 4chan . 
  reddit nerds just cant compare . 
  m ` lady, 
  red pill and 4 chan are always right man . 
  hence `` pol was right again . '', 
  says the still salty hillary cuck . 
  you can stop shilling now .
