  why do you see it as a positive to have people not speaking one of our national languages ? 
  being on the subway and not speaking one of our languages isnt good for assimilating . 
  if youre a tourist or something its different but as a citizen youre supposed to assimilate . 
  speak english or french if you want to be a citizen otherwise gtfo . 
  this is the exact thing that got trump elected , keep it up . 
  see you in 2020 for 4 more years . 
  so you can tell people to leave the country but we cant ? 
  liberal hypocrisy right here . 
  highly doubt that . 
  he probably would have been praised for being a courageous fighter of the patriarchy . 
  fuck , trudeau probably would have invited him to parliament . 
  i thought liberals were accepting of all people ? 
  why are you putting down people who are dumb ? 
  typical liberal hypocrisy . 
  how is he sexist ? 
  honestly . 
   smoking the good stuff, 
  dude weed isnt over at the donald bud , its right here . 
  `` tolerant '' left, 
  how does that make me a victim ? 
  just pointing out more liberal hypocrisy and how you guys all claim to be high and mighty and never insult anyone . 
  what are you some kind of conservaphobic ? 
  absolutely disgusting the kind of rhetoric that is coming out of this subreddit . 
  dude weed at it again . 
  its 2017 druggielivesmatter . 
  $ 1.5 million just to find someone to fuck his wife . 
  notice how they look nothing alike and there is a large height difference ? 
  folks our leader is the son of fidel castro . 
  its not though . 
  this is one of the few conspiracies that i believe in . 
  you realize tons of canadians like putin and russia right ? 
  all my friends love putin and would love to have him as our leader instead of weak trudeau . 
  sure putin 's not perfect but i have no problem with his foreign policy the un and the globalists are the real enemy . 
  ask them to eat bacon . 
  checkmate muslims . 
  right ? 
  tons of people who are guests in this country trying to act like they know whats best for canada . 
  this entire country is a liberal safe space . 
  this is pathetic , more bending to the wills of immigrants in order to not offend them . 
  abortions should n't be allowed unless the woman was raped . 
  if you cant be bothered to have safe sex then you should have to raise a child for 18 years . 
  dumb lazy people shouldnt have an easy way out . 
  oops i messed up better just kill someone . 
  lets hope trudeau stands up to trump because im still salty about the election . 
  use sli.mg . 
  imgur are a bunch of cucks . 
  use sli.mg for hosting images . 
  imgur for the past year or so was censoring pro trump images and pulling other bs . 
  because of this a centipede created sli.mg . 
  its okay if you didnt know just in the future try to avoid using imgur . 
  im not religious at all and im pro life . 
  stop generalizing . 
  government legislates tons of our bodily choices . 
  ever hear of drug laws ? 
  stop white knighting too , its pathetic . 
  theres some merit to this comment as his father was pretty nationalist . 
  still a dumb comment but maybe it was subliminal . 
  you realize being against abortion isnt just anti women right ? 
  i think the father shouldnt be able to just get out of his mistake either and should have to support the kid for 18 years . 
  also the reason i feel strongly about abortion isnt because im anti women its because i probably wouldnt be here today if i was born in this day and age as my parents were 20 and 22 when they had me . 
  im not religious at all either i just dont think kids lives should be sacrificed because parents were too lazy or stupid to use protection so they take the easy way out . 
  here in canada we basically have no self defense laws , if you fight back youll probably get a harsher sentence than the criminal . 
  never let the gov take away your guns centipedes or you will end up cucked like here in canada . 
  its never coming back . 
  the average canadian today doesnt even know we used to have a different flag . 
  i love it and wish it was never changed but talking about it just hurts our `` cause '' and pushes people away . 
  its better to forgot about it and move on . 
  americas system is so much better than the rest of the world . 
  why here in canada should i have to fund unhealthy people while i have never even been in a hospital in my life ? 
  `` best '' part of canadas system is even if i ever did have to go to the hospital i would have to wait weeks or months for service even though ive paid more than enough through taxes . 
  fuck off bernie , go rand . 
  i believe trump means he will take the price of the wall out of money mexico receives from foreign aid . 
  the us already has a border fence too . 
  so you can build the wall and change the visa system to prevent these people from coming . 
  pol was right again, 
  canadian here , universal healthcare should not be a human right . 
  why should a guy with no job have access to a doctor , honestly ? 
  if youre not useful to society , society should n't be useful to you . 
  how the fuck have they been here for 11 years ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with our government ? 
  build the wall and deport the scum . 
   he 's a decent boxer , knows how to fight and how to size up an opponent . 
  this is the cringiest thing ive read in 2017 . 
  theyre not canadian , lets make that clear . 
  you mean the children of a bunch of criminals taking advantage of an archaic law ? 
  canada should have repealed this law 10 years ago just like the uk , australia and nz did . 
  deport the parents and reunite the children with them in mexico . 
  `` realz '' should have been the government doing their fucking job and deporting the scum 11 years ago and not allowing them to have anchor babies . 
  look at all these salty europeans mad that their countries might actually have to fund their own militaries . 
  we should spend $ 0 on foreign aid and put it all into the military and supporting the troops . 
  o'leary is a cuck but im glad that he doesnt spend his time learning french . 
  why should the rest of us be forced to learn your language but you dont have to learn ours ? 
  loves refugees , hates guns , doesnt actually give a fuck about canadians just cares about making money . 
  he 's a trudeau in nicer clothes . 
  hopefully trump annexes us . 
  fine , either way you do n't think its unfair that french people are n't forced to learn english while we have to learn french ? 
  there 's a lot better material to roast chong with than the fact that his wife is taller than him . 
  fair enough . 
  cuck is just like any other word i literally here it like 4-5 times a day now in real life . 
  i really want to like this guy but he 's just too liberal for me .
