  these same people whine and complain when trump threatens to leave nato though . 
  he tried to say i was a russian hacker because of the way i spelled defence . 
  there 's a reason he deleted his comment . 
  how tall is this guy , anyone met him in person ? 
  this is it . 
  thank you so much , was driving me crazy . 
  thanks for the response but the guy above found it . 
  the thing about north korea is the longer you wait to deal with the `` problem '' the worse it is going to get . 
  right now they have a few nuclear weapons but in 20 years they could have 50 + . 
  bush 1 should have taken them out back when the ussr fell . 
  reading the same overused trump nuclear weapons comment made your day ? 
  sad . 
  waiting is n't going to negate that unfortunately . 
  fucking racists he 's just expressing his culture . 
  stop your hateful rhetoric you bigots !, 
  cbc is trash , they cant even get our own history right . 
  it 's time to put cbc down . 
  so donate your own money , stop stealing other people 's money to fund your useless causes . 
  people wont tell you how they really feel in real life . 
  and money , money that should be given back to the people or given in the form of child benefits to tax paying canadian 's . 
  i dont like it either but if our gov is just gon na spend money at least actually spend it on tax payers . 
  bad idea , dude weed types are bad but this is worse . 
  the uk , canada , australia and nz will always be friends unless the core population changes . 
  and ? 
  there should be no social programs at all , canadians would n't be struggling if the government did n't steal their money to spend it on useless lib shit . 
  i hate trudeau but this guy is smart , he stole money from the people and was able to bring thousands of lifetime and future liberal voters over to canada . 
  four or more children wtf . 
  there 's outrage because there is priorities . 
  canadians would rather pay less taxes but if we are basically forced to pay at least spend that money on hard working canadians not some moochers from syria that have like 8 children . 
  yes , but there 's no finish line governments should always put the best interest of their country and its people first . 
  how do these syrians help the average canadian ? 
  you really think it 's life choices why canadians are being priced out of toronto and vancouver ? 
  also syrians started the war , in case you missed it it 's called the syrian civil war . 
  no , it 's called being self reliant and not taking other people 's shit . 
  syrians wo n't cease to be a concern , they will be moochers for life and they will never repay the money we have been forced to pay them . 
   word on the street, 
  who told you this lol, 
  pick up a fucking book it 's not about 40 minutes or whatever , it 's about deterrence . 
  do you think putin would have just waltzed into crimea if the ukraine actually had a competent military ? 
  also you make all of this sound like a joke but the same could happen to canada in the arctic in the next couple of decades . 
  military protects me , our country and our resources while helping the drug addicted does n't help me at all . 
  research deterrence and stop making dumbass comments . 
   right wing college kids, 
  are you serious ? 
  you really think this sub is filled with right wing college kids ? 
  how many college age people do you know ? 
  most of them are left wing in my experience . 
  america is n't going to go to war if russia just steals some of our arctic and it 's resources . 
  taking the whole country would be different as then russia would be right on the border . 
  you 're right it 's highly unlikely russia will kill me but it 's likely they will steal our land if we have fucking nothing guarding the arctic . 
  also did n't mention this in op but with a president like trump he may say look canada does ' t pay their 2 % , why should americans die to defend these guys who do n't even pay their share ? 
  which would be great as american farmers would have to change if they wan na stay in business . 
  stole this from a guy on the canada subreddit, 
  quebec is cucked , not sure how bernier still lives there, 
  literally fake news, 
  another tfw scumbag . 
  let 's praise him !, 
  i live in toronto . 
  every time i meet a conservative it 's like meeting a unicorn . 
  chief longarm needs his escalade to do native things !, 
  basically were fucked and no solutions will ever come to fruition because anything to help your country is called racism now . 
  enjoy the decline . 
  romney literally won more college voters than obama . 
  republicans are also richer on average . 
  so were smarter and richer than you . 
  romney literally won more college voters than obama . 
  republicans are also richer on average . 
  so were smarter and richer than you . 
  youre right that is kind of embarrassing but spelling and grammar dont make what i said wrong . 
  bending to foreigners , the french and big corporations . 
  except you ca n't use them for self defense so they 're basically useless . 
  there 's also a bunch of bullshit magazine restrictions and ak models are basically banned . 
  canadas gun laws are good compared to the rest of the world but they 're terrible compared to america . 
  edit just realized youre canadian , my bad, 
  what about vietnam , afghanistan or even the american revolution ? 
  untrained rag tag militias stood up and sometimes even beat highly trained military forces . 
  also how can you know what the future entails , nobody 5 years ago could have predicted trump becoming president ? 
  french canadians, 
  no i 'm talking about quebec and how we bend to their every demand . 
  like how the rest of us have to learn their language but they do n't have to learn ours . 
  if we did n't have bilingualism you guys would have separated , so yeah this goes back to the government bending in order to please you . 
  you also may learn our language but just look at your signage laws and it 's clear you do n't care about english . 
  bilingualism also costs us billions for little to no gain . 
  well know we know why trudeau loves refugees so much , not like it was really ever a secret . 
  yeah so free to leave that they will charge you like 100 billion and make your life living hell . 
  so free though , right ? 
  holy fuck even the pope is a sjw pussy at this point . 
  it 's not just the contracts germany is purposely doing it to punish the uk for going against them . 
  as a liberal they really ought to defund the cbc . 
  i wo n't stand for these nazis anymore !, 
  sjw shit is dumb but universities make a killing off those people . 
  poverty was that high and yet people could still afford to have kids . 
  there 's a difference between poverty and standard of living . 
  if i pull of that culture will you die ? 
  i think that 's true in some cases but not all . 
  there 's many families across canada who would like to have children but just ca n't afford it due to the high cost of living . 
  electricity , daycare , food , housing etc all these things are huge costs . 
  increases in median family income really do n't matter when families simply ca n't afford daycare or to have one parent stay home . 
  then if you take into account electricity , internet , food , housing and it 's just a nightmare . 
  no point to learn shakespeare in english class ?
