  how will liberals win if they dont bring out the muh weed crowd, 
  its been an honour shitposting with you friends, 
  hopefully canada will get its own trump like leader in the next few years, 
  mcga, 
  why are they dicks ? 
  because they think differently than you ? 
  cbc literally had someone on there call trump hitler if thats not bias then i dont know what is . 
  leitch or bernier are my picks , hope to see one of them become pm, 
  he 'll be in the office come january, 
  is he still even running ? 
  have n't heard anything about him for a bit, 
  ive never seen a liberal in favour of defunding the cbc . 
  dont watch cbc enough to say but whoever these people are https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byarz4t_mvk, 
  the first woman also went on about hows hes a racist , sexist etc, 
  i dont watch it enough to know if those three are regulars or if they work for the cbc, 
  can you name some racist and sexist things he has said ? 
  i think he got confused because of the `` corona '' part not because its 2016 and everyones a racist . 
  get this man a coat, 
  get this man a coat, 
  a brit likely wouldnt know what the war of 1812 is . 
  too busy fighting some italian i think . 
  oh my bad, 
  cant outreach the leitch, 
  refute what hes saying, 
  yeah its where he and his father got their cultural marxism . 
  trudeau is probably crying right now that fucking cunt . 
  you dont have the guts to be who you wan na be, 
  yes comrade castro and che were great people, 
  we have a fucking leader who is saddened at the death of a tyrant . 
  say what you want about harper or even trump but how can liberals defend this one ? 
  why is this on the front page ? 
  shes a far left gun grabber . 
  she ran with bernie `` benedict arnold '' sanders as his running mate . 
  get her out of here and take her coat . 
   ally, 
  they were democratically elected , how are they even comparable ? 
  i hate obama but i wouldnt celebrate his death . 
  castro though fuck him and trudeau for feeling saddened . 
  anyone know where i can read about this guy ? 
  he doesnt even have an english wikipedia page unfortunately . 
  got linked here somehow . 
  you should check out r/canada they love castro . 
  its frightening . 
  we shouldnt be working with cuba or saudi arabia for that matter, 
  / r/canada is also a sick place . 
  theyre cucked . 
  my country is literally filled with communist sympathizers . 
  anglia , new albion , norland and superior are all better names than kanata . 
  i was actually starting to think donald trump couldnt get anymore based . 
  forgive me for i have sinned . 
  im thinking of moving to america too, 
  hey lets waste more taxpayers money on some pointless conflict . 
  who cares about canadians , trudeau needs his un seat and his peace prize . 
  me too . 
  ive always hated quebec for being super left wing and whining about everything . 
  but this guy is based . 
  whats wrong with trump voters ? 
  unfortunately this statement isnt true . 
  canadas leader is another comrade . 
  seriously have none of these people seen scarface ? 
  thought it was a popular movie . 
  guess not . 
  i highly doubt youre a conservative if you defend trudeau sr or jr, 
  check out / r/canada if you wan na see some comrades defend a fucking dictator . 
  same people who were calling trump hitler love castro . 
  you cant make this stuff up folks . 
  if you solve your territory disputes they win, 
  save us . 
  were actual refugees that will bleed red white and blue . 
   keep your hate the fuck out, 
  hating dictators is now a bad thing . 
  only in 2016 . 
  come on guys castro wasnt that bad trudeau knew him on a personal level . 
  it doesnt matter if youre a dictator as long as youre a family friend . 
  putin 's not a dictator, 
  theyve voted conservative like once in the last 100 years . 
  they also had the flq movement which were actual communists . 
  some are good , the majority are bad . 
  its changed now . 
  10 or so hours ago all the top posts were pro castro and some still are . 
  theres also like 3 threads . 
  one of my comments 18 hours ago that was anti castro is still downvoted -30 . 
  so yeah . 
  hes voted in . 
  he does some questionable things and is corrupt but the people vote for him . 
  go away island swede you dont even like hockey, 
  do not come to canada . 
  go to mexico see how great of a place it is . 
  poor muslims . 
  dont criticize them or they will kill you . 
  if youre a white man and you support this youre dead to me . 
  at least you can admit you did wrong , thats the first step . 
  now you must become redpilled about the world as a whole . 
  and now you will spend the rest of your life hating yourself and your kind , good job thats literally a mental disorder . 
   discrimination is okay because it benefits society . 
  i guess slavery was okay because it benefited society . 
  discrimination is okay when big brother does it . 
  only in 2016 !!, 
  cucks as far as the eye can see, 
  please explain the real problems of the world ?
