  youre terrified that people dont like trudeau ? 
  dudes a idiot , spends all our money on refugees , does stuff becauses `` its 2016 '' and hires based on how fucking `` progressive '' it is . 
  cant wait for an alt right candidate to win canada so i can read more liberal tears . 
  whats so bad about that ? 
  why should the us waste money and lives on a bunch of european countries who take them for granted ? 
  you reap what you sow europe , shouldnt have made fun of americans all these years . 
  has quebec ever even voted conservative honestly wondering ? 
  i fucking hate cbc and think they should be defunded . 
  but i will defend them here , they said he ( trump ) played them like a fiddle and used them for extra coverage . 
  corrupt media . 
  thankfully the world now knows the truth as they have seen how the media went all in on clinton and lost even though apparently trump had no chance . 
  he who laughs last , laughs best, 
  im not even american its just for the last 10 + years ive heard/read about europeans always talking down on americans and not appreciating them enough . 
  europeans need a wake up call and this will be it . 
  sweden lost . 
  america has trump while stockholm is the rape capital of europe . 
  swedes are the kind of people who make memes about 9/11 https://imgur.com/a/ekzjc#hcotfmk, 
  i dont think they won . 
  if anything the donald was right , sweden is an islamic shithole that makes fun of 9/11 . 
  martin shkreli is based , hes a great guy . 
  just like with trump the media tried to paint him as an evil guy . 
  no actually we sold them out , look at the suez crisis . 
  if it wasnt for the french our country would still be great , good flag , no multiculturalism charter , closer relationship with the uk and our country would be politically more right wing . 
  because theres this country called russia who has 5th generation fighter aircraft ( pak fa google it ) and we may be in direct conflict with them over the arctic in the coming decades . 
  without the f35 or other similar 5th generation fighter aircraft we would be totally outmatched . 
  youre right but were totally outmatched because our military has been neglected for decades . 
  if our military spending was 1.5 % + our navy and air force wouldnt be in such bad condition . 
  the red ensign actually stands for something . 
  for example the union jack is our colonial link , then you have the 4 coats of arms of where the majority of our people came from ( england , scotland , ireland and france ) . 
  then you have the 3 maple leaves coat of arms that represent canada . 
  in comparison you have our new flag which is just a fucking leaf . 
  also the worst part about the new flag is that it was adopted because pearson wanted our country to conform to other peoples values ( sound familiar ) . 
  tldr its not a meme the red ensign is better . 
  i agree with you but australia seems to have no problem, 
  what if trump is the 4th greatest president ? 
  safe meaning they werent in immediate danger, 
  i dont think our irish and german populations are changing fast . 
  im sure our asian , indian and muslim populations are . 
  those refugees used government funds to get to nova scotia . 
  that money could have been used to help ns . 
  but i forgot its 2016 and we have to help everyone else before ourselves now . 
  we can but they wont and havent for the last 20 years, 
  mfga, 
  praise kek, 
  i live in downtown toronto please dont leave me with the savages , im not even armed thanks to our commie guns laws . 
  red pepe standing by, 
  fuck the other countries , space is the next frontier and america needs to dominate it . 
  just like the british dominated the colonizing game america will dominate space . 
  trumps been against funding rebels since the beginning ... 
  good , nothing wrong with it . 
  whats wrong with wanting whats best for your country and its people ? 
  torontos filled with parasites anyways who cares about them, 
  do you actually live in toronto ? 
  because i do and this place is fucking terrible . 
  ever notice how white men are blamed for everything these days ? 
  youre sick of people who think differently than you ? 
  3 more years, 
  dude youre a fucking liberal thats what a cuck is you moron . 
  if youre a nationalist like 90 % of trump people are youre not a cuck simple as that . 
  why dont you spend all that money and time on veterans or actual canadians ? 
  honest question . 
  yes the alt right struggles to think for themselves . 
  have you ever looked at the media these days or society as a whole ? 
  constant left indoctrinating from schools to our tax funded media . 
  not an expert but i dont think we should be supporting this, 
  hamilton was a founding father who fought in the revolution and wrote the majority of the federalist papers ( you should read these ) . 
  he was also a protectionist and opposed free trade . 
  while burr did fight in the revolution he planned to betray the united states and tried to create his own country and asked the british and spanish for help . 
  tldr pence is too good to be compared to burr, 
  if were not losing our jobs to people then why the fuck is our government letting 300 000 people a year in ? 
  liberal is another word for stupid you people honestly believe that if a man cuts off his dick hes a woman . 
  look at what im responding to . 
  hes saying immigrants dont take jobs its all computers and robots . 
  so i was asking why is the government letting in 300 000 people a year if theres no jobs and robots do everything . 
  also your second source says the exact opposite , after trudeaus 1971 multiculturalism policy canada has rarely ever had an unemployment rate under 6 % . 
  its almost like canada has too many people or something . 
  cbc is not what i would consider centrist . 
  i watched them give hundreds of negatives on trump while i saw them say maybe 3 bad things about clinton in the last year . 
  its the same with these liberals right now talking of a revolution or a civil war in the states . 
  these morons hate guns and want to ban them yet they want to fight a war . 
  dont believe those liberals lies . 
  our military is a complete joke . 
  we have the longest coastline in the world and we have 1 destroyer , 1 fucking destroyer . 
  top it all off trudeau wants to decrease military spending , were at like 0.9-1 % spending and he wants to decrease it . 
  when the arctic melts and russia moves on in and takes all of it were fucked . 
  i agree please kick canada out of nato . 
  canadians are so fucking smug and i hate it . 
  go check out the canada subreddit some time constant smugness and shitting on americans , what a bunch of cucks . 
  english , scottish , irish and french are hardly multicultural and you know it . 
  trudeau sr is to blame for multiculturalism in canada . 
  all right wing people are stupid , im a super genius liberal weeee, 
  why does norway , denmark and sweden all use single engine aircraft ? 
  pretty sure they are in arctic climates . 
  same thing happened when the media talked about how uneducated whites voted for trump . 
  where was the same coverage of the uneducated blacks voting for obama ? 
  do you need a safe space ? 
  those memes won the election , watch yourself profligate, 
  cbc might as well be private , just a bunch of biased garbage, 
  ( bernier ) cant reach the leitch, 
  edit maybe cant outreach the leitch sounds better,
