  once you install [ obvious ] ( http://awesome.naquadah.org/wiki/obvious ) , you put, 
  require ( `` obvious.clock '' ), 
  in the declarations at the start of your rc.lua and, 
  obvious.clock ( ), 
  in the section where you declare wibox widgets . 
  i think the default font for the calendar box is something like deja vu sans mono , but i 've used [ dina ] ( http://www.donationcoder.com/software/jibz/dina/ ) because it 's my terminal font , and i like everything to match , 
  for further reference , see the awesome wiki or [ my awesome configuration ] ( https://github.com/luigii/awesome ) ( you should theoretically be able to clone that repo into your xdg_config_home / awesome / once you have the relevant fonts and other dependencies installed , but i have n't actually tried this yet , so i ca n't guarantee at all that it works ), 
  also , all those words are adjectives :p, 
  i 'm not an animal person , but i now really want a fat cat so i can name it voluminous :d, 
  have you read [ guts ] ( http://chuckpalahniuk.net/features/shorts/guts ) , by chuck palahniuk ? 
  ( warning , quite graphic ), 
  heh , i kinda thought you might find it easier to read than most people . 
  guess i was wrong, 
  it 's also very configurable , so you can change all the keybindings and control firefox with the keyboard , emacs-style , 
  did anyone else see the title and first assume that this was posted to r/destructionporn ? 
  yeah , the gamecube 's analogue sticks weird offset thing was annoying . 
  i wonder why it 's the only console ( that i 've seen ) that 's had that problem, 
   rotary / quadrature encoders instead of pots in the analog sticks ( though it would require a zero calibration ), 
  hmm , is this what the gamecube had that meant it took zero when the console booted ? 
  i 'm curious why its controllers had that and most do n't, 
  1 ) yes, 
  2 ) yes , as far as i know ( there 's a plugin , but i do n't have an ipod , so i 've never used it ), 
  3 ) that 's the main user interface of foobar . 
  it 's pretty much how it 's designed to be used ( so , yes ), 
  that is one of the worst things i 've ever read ... 
  i wish i could upvote you more than once, 
  nobody criticised them for not being smart or complex , they were criticised because they suck, 
  i have to say , i am really impressed here with people downvoting this guy because they disagree with what he said about the crappy bands they did n't grow out of when they turned 16 . 
  well done reddit & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  nope , does n't mean they were bad . 
  they just coincidentally happened to be, 
  i think the views expressed there made it abundantly clear that jonuggs does n't listen to them, 
  i 'd say it also has a lot to do with the big remastering and re-release of their albums in 2009, 
  well people who like the beatles probably re-downloaded the new releases since they were ( apparently ) so much better . 
  but sure , your dismissive comment is fine too, 
  til tintin 's head can actually get any rounder, 
  i assumed that in this timeline the observer saved neither of them , that walter managed to save himself and peter simply drowned, 
  is the redundancy there deliberate ... ? 
  that 's cool and all , but sitcoms can be shitty , with or without a laugh track . 
  the laugh track is not what makes tbbt one of ( imho ) the worst shows currently on tv , it 's the terrible jokes and stereotypical , unlikable characters . 
  the animation can be turned off somewhere in about : config , thankfully ( it 's been a while since i did it , googling should find it quickly enough ), 
  interesting ... do they add the file browser plugin by default too ? 
  i could imagine the `` add folder '' interface to add things to the playlist could be annoying for a lot of people . 
  i was looking for a nice , simple terminal and found urxvt . 
  it 's got good unicode support , does n't have a big dependencies list and has plenty of nice configuration options . 
  also , as shmup says , the daemon-client option is handy, 
  a teacher of mine had the door of his house painted blue , yellow and red ( and possibly more colours than that , i ca n't remember ) and used to get letters from friends all over the world addressed to :, 
  * his name *, 
  the mad door of * part of town he lives *, 
  town, 
  county, 
  ireland, 
  after recently reading a tale of two cities , i 'd absolutely love assassin 's creed : french revolution, 
  where the fuck * were * you ? 
  adverts.ie might be a good alternative to ebay if op wants to sell them locally without the bother of shipping them off, 
  i passed him last week in college , nobody seemed to notice him that much ( first time i 've seen him in person and i was too chicken to say anything to him ), 
  so ... significantly worse ? 
  the title basically translates to `` irish speakers are more irish than non-irish speakers . 
  deal with it . '', 
  which is a little harsh imo . 
  high profile ? 
  i 'd never heard of white ribbon day or the men 's development network before this morning, 
  please do n't link to/read/believe anything on globalresearch.ca , it 's a jim corr-level conspiracy wacko site . 
  this was in the sidebar , for example : http://www.globalresearch.ca/911-truth-in-2014-is-a-breakthrough-possible/5374524, 
  men do most of the rape and domestic violence , why should n't they be the ones with responsibility for stopping it ? 
  why is collective responsibility as a society fine , but collective responsibility as men specifically wrong ? 
   we should all pitch in to stop murdering and committing crime, 
  is ... this meant to be a bad idea ? 
  i mean , obviously not everyone is committing crimes , but should we not be doing what we can to stop them occurring ? 
   those who are most likely to commit rape are probably the least likely to be affected by this kind of moral crusade ; their world view is fucked as it is, 
  so what 's the solution ? 
  as far as i can see , most groups like this want to prevent rape by trying to change that fucked world view , recognising that masculinity as it currently exists harms men , and causes men to harm women ( and other men ) . 
  i do n't see why people take issue with this . 
  right ( well , wrong ) , but surely you recognise that rape is extremely gendered . 
  mostly ( over 90 % ) committed by men . 
  so the idea that everyone is affected equally , and that everyone should or even can treat the issue in the same way is absurd, 
  well this is a mess . 
  not all men have penises, 
  `` the ` modern feminist notion ' that men are all capable of rape due to our animalistic masculine nature '' is nonsense . 
  nobody thinks this ( well , maybe not `` nobody '' , but no credible modern feminist/thinker ) . 
  it 's like , some 19th century freudian level psychology . 
  there 's no innate masculine nature that leads men to rape , or do any other damn thing . 
  masculinity is socially constructed , and harmful . 
  therefore the idea is not that men are biologically prone to rape , but that masculinity creates a culture where rape is more acceptable . 
  `` trying to get through to actual rapists '' who or what are `` actual rapists '' ? 
  `` ricky gervais ( apologies for the shite quality ) '' not your fault mate , you did n't write it , 
  recognising gender inequalities and trying to correct them is textbook sexism ? 
  you probably need a better textbook mate, 
  ah yes , what ireland needs to sort out its problems is a lightly-regulated construction industry . 
  that 'll make everything better . 
  no , they have different procedures for letting cops get away with murder, 
  wow . 
  if you think vice 's editorial line is far left you are living in a strange and different reality to everyone else, 
  the best thing i 've read about the `` communism '' of star trek :, 
   the federation is supposedly post-capitalist , post-money , etc. , yet it has many of the important hallmarks of advanced capitalist social organisation . 
  a highly organised and stratified division of labour , a deep separation between workplace and home life , work shifts , career promotion , private nuclear families , a socially-separate education system providing training and qualifications , a professional liberal media , massive military expenditure ( of resources if not money ) , hierarchical political and military arrangements combined with liberal ideology , a separate political class , etc. 
  how connected are the swp in ireland to the swp in the uk ? 
  i 'm always ( probably unfairly ) wary of you guys at protests etc because i associate the name with the disgraced swp over there, 
  the uk swp leadership handled an allegation of rape against a member with what has widely been seen as a cover up, 
  yeah , i think it 's been an emotional rollercoaster for a certain kind of white upper class establishment journalist/insider type , and utterly utterly inconsequential to everyone else,
