  are you saying that this deregulation was n't a bad thing ? 
  funnily enough , my brother has this exact problem in windows ( i have almost the exact same laptop model and it works fine for me , it 's very strange ), 
  since this seems to be an irish conversation , i have to ask . 
  is your username `` heroic cheese '' ? 
  i had a nice little giggle at it , and i hope i 'm right, 
  my birthday ? 
  i 'm intrigued ... 
   apple 's extremely limited parameters, 
  if there 's something you ca n't do on a mac , it 's not because the people who make the program want to make a mac version and apple said `` no !, 
  we hate our users and want to restrict them ! '', 
  i have never seen people say that an `` entry level '' ( for want of a better term ) user needs a mac . 
  they 're mid-high to high-end laptops , and if anyone denies that , they 're crazy, 
   uncrippled, 
  i 'm not even sure if you 're kidding ... 
  cough cough ... flash is a steaming pile of crap and the world will be a better place when it is finally eradicated ... cough :p, 
  well if you remove the boyfriend from the sentence , it reads `` me browsing reddit '' which is really only acceptable grammar if you 're the incredible hulk . 
  it would also work if the narrator was describing what is displayed in the panel ( as if you were showing people a picture of yourself : `` this is me on a trip to paris '' ) , but this is not the normal narrative style of comics , rage or otherwise , so it 's safe to assume that it was just a mistake . 
  has it been used consistently in the same way as `` yes '' or `` yeah '' or like ayb describes above :, 
   `` yea '' is a perfectly legitimate word in a house of congress . 
  it means `` i vote in approval '' . 
  it rhymes with `` hey '' or `` yay '', 
  i assumed that the latter meaning is one that has been in use for hundreds of years and the former only a recent development . 
  ok , that 's fair . 
  it would n't really bother me , but horses for courses and all that, 
   would n't let my cousin come to the family reunion because they `` are too old to deal with that stress . '', 
  i 've never met them and i now hate them, 
   they were pretty shady, 
  er , i think a large proportion of the world 's population would take $ 650 that was just handed to them for free, 
  the succinctness of this made it ten times funnier, 
  it sounds like you did n't really get in much trouble for this , and some fat people fell over , which is always funny . 
  this would be a pretty good day at work for me, 
  are your monitors angled upwards ? 
  if so , why ? 
  heh , i think i got tired of r/pics before 0 months and 12 days, 
  foolish child , expecting the measurement system to be sensible, 
  maybe they 'd be the stale prince ? 
  also , i prefer the alternative user interface over the classic . 
  the classic just looks too dull to me now, 
   i have n't seen the study since , so i have no idea if it 's been replicated or if it was well accepted in the literature . 
  however , the ideas it presented were fascinating . 
  if i stumble upon it , i 'll post it here . 
  i think uncreative_name has made it abundantly clear that they have n't got that data to hand ... 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx-silormgc ), 
   turning left when it is n't allowed for some arbitrary reason, 
  this may shock you , but i think traffic laws occasionally do have an actual reason behind them, 
   `` bean '' is not an irish word, 
  bean , pronounced ban , means woman, 
  yeah , exactly, 
  your ncmpcpp looks great , got a link to the conf file ? 
  you really think there has to be a story behind believing that taping an electronic device to the underside of a police car is difficult and risky ? 
  nice track . 
  is this on any of their albums ? 
  i do n't think i 've heard it before, 
  heh , this is n't r/gonewild, 
  those games were fucking awesome ... 
  i wan na go find them now, 
  as an irish person , i do exactly the same thing, 
  i would help a little if you mentioned which of the ( too ) many candidates you 're quoting, 
  jesus , this one is completely unfamiliar to me ... thankfully . 
  that 's awful, 
  i know it 's obvious and said too much , but i really hate the overuse of [ like ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx-silormgc ), 
  this is ireland . 
  i 'd say more than 50 % of catholics are wussy fence-sitters, 
  yeah , this is pretty nice . 
  do n't think i could live without two-finger scrolling at this stage, 
  well , on earth, 
  i think i 'll be there , email sent anyway, 
  i think the issue here is a company operating in europe being subject to eurpean laws, 
  well , that 's a fixed camera game , so it can be made a hell of a lot prettier than a `` proper '' 3d game . 
  if someone were to make a fixed camera game for the wii , it 'd look as good or better than that ( but it 's unlikely anyone will , since they do n't seem to sell any more ), 
  well , if a potential employer asks me for sample code that i 've written , i point them in the direction of my github profile . 
  it 's a convenient place to show what you 've done , by yourself or as part of a larger open source project . 
  also , i think you 'll find r/programming at least seems to love git and , to a lesser extent , github , 
  look around , we 're already here, 
  well , there 's a difference between helping each other and outright copying . 
  i do n't really see a problem with this advice really , unless class rules prohibit any kind of collaboration whatsoever , which seems unlikely . 
   under their employ, 
  sure , of course , but does this count the same if you 're an undergrad doing a degree as it would if you were working in a research lab ? 
  / runs off to check college regulations, 
  my eye is very untrained , and i did n't recognise the food on that plate , but it certainly looks appetising to me, 
  i do n't think that argument is gon na sway any of the arch maintainers :p, 
  i lol 'd pretty hard when i saw all the red lines coming outta him :d, 
  i think i like all of sunset rubdown 's albums more than any of wolf parade 's albums ( even apologies , which is incredible ) . 
  shut up i am dreaming is one of my favourite albums ever, 
  this is a fantastic album, 
  microsoft employs tens of thousands of people , many ( if not most ) of them programmers and other it professionals . 
  you did n't think that perhaps some of them were redditors ? 
  internet explorer !? 
  oh god , beer ** does ** kill brain cells d :, 
  the drop in i never learnt to share is < 3, 
  i certainly fucking hope not , as does my poor laptop :(, 
  well if adobe bought them and continued making those products , surely adobe doing it now ... ? 
  not trolling , but could you point me in the direction of some quick and/or lightweight flash applications ? 
  i know , i was being * slightly * facetious :p, 
  probably wan na put a question mark there somewhere , chief, 
  that was a flaw in your grammar . 
  flaws in your argument , not to mention your manners , are larger issues that i wo n't get into here, 
  i think pretty much all of the software patent lawsuits going around atm look pretty ridiculous and spurious to everyone who is n't a lawyer for a large tech company who 's going to get a fat bonus if he gets a settlement or a win from whatever company he can find some shred of a case against, 
  you can get something very similar with the obvious widget library for awesome . 
  clicking on the obvious clock brings up [ this ] ( http://gyazo.com/f291315fa070d8d33b66b8681a7a6334 ),
