  but seriously , ca n't tell the difference between 192 mp3 and flac ? 
  i 'm no flac snob or anything , but that 's taking things a little far, 
  being a callous prick about someone with alzheimers strikes me as a bit odd, 
  personally i do n't mind if someone pirates something from someone who can afford it . 
  but saying `` it 's fine , he 'll be dead soon '' just seems callous and horrible to me . 
  that 's the problem i have , rather than anything to do with piracy or money, 
  yeah , that 's fair enough . 
  the difference is probably unnoticeable at that bitrate unless you can spend ridiculous amounts of money on sound equipment ( at least , i certainly ca n't tell any difference on my cheap hardware  .  ), 
  i always wondered about that . 
  it 's certainly that way in today 's irish ( was about to type modern irish , but realised that could lead to worlds of trouble :p ) but i kinda assumed things may have been different back then, 
  this sign only adds weight to my theory that smartass coding jokes are n't funny, 
  laptop : 53 , a lot of which are gtk/gmpc themes, 
  desktop : 23 , a lot of which are , again , gtk themes, 
  upvote for doing mine for me, 
  this is a really bad idea . 
  at the very least i should use a throwaway , or obfuscated names . 
  but who am i kidding , everyone i know who browses reddit will recognise at least one of the people here . 
  so , disregarding the consequences :, 
  r\u00ed - we rarely speak , hardly ever see each other , and i absolutely have no idea how you feel about me . 
  but i still think about you almost every day . 
  i really , really hope you move here next year . 
  kate - i 've had a huge crush on you since i met you . 
  you are hot , funny , smart , nerdy and generally awesome . 
  i never said or did anything because you had a boyfriend . 
  a good boyfriend . 
  genuinely one of the nicest guys i know . 
  i respected him and i respected your relationship so i was fine with being friends . 
  i knew you moving in with us would be hard , but i did n't think it would be this hard . 
  i did n't think you could cheat on him with my best friend . 
  i 'm trying to still be your friend , but i am so so so angry at you for what you did . 
  everyone in our house is walking on eggshells , most of our friends hate you both for what you did . 
  this could ruin everything . 
  the worst part is when you abstract it to our class . 
  `` why is our class so full of drama and cheating ? '' . 
  that 's not our class , that 's a few select people in it . 
  that 's you , and that 's him , and do n't try to pretend it 's a cultural thing . 
  what are you doing with him anyway ? 
  i know he was my best friend , but ... really ? 
  he 's a spoilt , selfish manchild and not one quarter the man your ex was . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're sticking with him for now because you think you can have a proper relationshp with him or because you think it 'd be dumb to break up with your ex to end up single . 
  either way , no-one but you two sees this lasting even 'til the end of the month . 
  and what a fun-filled drama-fest that breakup will be . 
  and of course i 'll be around to be a shoulder to cry on , like i have been this week . 
  because i 'm weak , because i know you 've got issues , because i ca n't ignore a crying girl . 
  because underneath all the anger and pain and disappointment , some part of me still thinks you 're awesome . 
  i almost wish it did n't, 
  god fucking dammit simon , you 're supposed to be my best friend . 
  you 're supposed to be his friend . 
  and yet you do this , and ruin everything . 
  doing it in the first place was bad enough , but then you brag about it to me . 
  you tell me as if it 's all a big fucking joke , and as if you 're so fucking cool . 
  you knew fucking well that this news would hurt me , and yet you acted as if my feelings were n't important . 
  you said you were drunk ... but i do n't think i believe you . 
  you told me at 10am , bragging , and then texted me at 10pm , still bragging . 
  were you drunk the entire day solid ? 
  even if you were , is that an excuse ? 
  do you really think so ? 
  do you think i would ever say something so hurtful to you if i was drunk ? 
  do you think i 'd ever do it ? 
  are you even sorry ? 
  not for what you said to me , but for what you 've done ? 
  because it does n't seem so . 
  you seem to be breezing through as if what you 've done was n't awful and weak and selfish . 
  as if no-one has the right to judge you , as if it 's a matter of opinion as to whether what you did was wrong . 
  let me tell you , it was wrong . 
  no shades of grey , no excuses , it was wrong . 
  the worst part is , i 'm almost unsurprised . 
  you 're such a spoilt , selfish manchild that maybe you think that it 's okay for you to do whatever you want , ignoring other people 's feelings . 
  i tolerated you being a baby , not cleaning up after yourself , your mummy doing your laundry for you . 
  but this braindead obliviousness to the consequences of your own actions is just jawdropping . 
  you are twenty years old , grow the fuck up . 
  i get it all the time . 
  i never really say it myself though , feels weird and unnatural, 
  i 'm sorry , are you claiming that the eu/imf people looking over our shoulders will be more corrupt than * fianna f\u00e1il * !? 
  i find that very hard to believe, 
  gon na be there with my friend , his brother and possibly some more people . 
  can not ** wait ** ^_^, 
  the outsiders by s.e. 
  hinton . 
  managed to make a story about gang members on the run from a murder rap boring . 
  quite the achievement . 
  first heard of her the other day when i was looking at \u00d3lafur arnalds in a record shop and saw her stuff right beside . 
  i was pretty damn surprised . 
  the way i read it ( and ianal , or any kind of expert ) it means :, 
  1 - citizens should have a right to know what their government is doing , governments should be as transparent as possible, 
  2 - there should be very specific exceptions to 1 above , these exceptions should not include information about human rights violations, 
  3 - people who gain access to confidential information should not be liable under the law unless they committed a crime to get that information . 
  also , whistleblowers exposing human rights violations or other wrongdoings should be protected and any action taken against them should be by an impartial , independent justice system, 
  4 - governments should not interfere legally with free expression via lawsuits or blocking web domains . 
  public figures calling for illegal revenge actions is unacceptable, 
  5 - internet access should not be filtered or interfered with to prevent access to information the government does n't want people seeing, 
  6 - journalists and others who publicise sensitive information should adopt ethical best practices to make sure all this information is accurately presented and protects interests such as human rights, 
  ... or something, 
  it seems to be an official stance by the two `` rapporteurs '' ( i do n't know how important they are ) . 
  i have no idea how much weight their opinion will have , or whether it will make the us government reconsider their course of action, 
  my favourite song by one of my favourite bands . 
  perfect, 
  i think he * might * have been ever-so-slightly sarcastic, 
  i do n't know why there has n't been more house love in this thread . 
  are we just assuming that everyone on earth has seen it at this point ?
