  well surely everything in this thread is a matter of taste or opinion . 
  and luckily i 've never been forced to watch it , 
  his dark materials . 
  start again , act as if the disaster that was the golden compass never happened, 
  the mac pro blows the dell out of the water , so what do you actually use the dell for ? 
   fetish gear, 
   boards, 
  yeah , no thanks, 
  why ? 
  loads of bowie ? 
  i see nothing to be ashamed o -, 
  i dunno about uncool , i just hate them :p, 
  i have no problem with take that though, 
  oh , what are your keybindings like ? 
  i use vimperator with emacs bindings ( and caps lock remapped to ctrl ) , but i 'm interested to hear about other ways of doing it, 
  i use awesome , so `` windows key '' + return opens a new terminal . 
  so handy , 
  this is really sad : /, 
   please downvote that shit, 
  oh believe me , i do , 
  yeah , the `` new user '' excuse seems to be only good for users who 've been here about five minutes . 
  i hardly think it 's a service to `` new users '' to repost these things on a weekly basis . 
   381 up votes 271 down votes, 
  381 people upvoted this karma-whore & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  do n't take it personally , i hate whenever anyone does this , 
  you had fun watching this ? 
  it caused me nothing but pain, 
  well there is a netflix app , so that 's not really an advantage . 
  though obviously a dedicated gaming console has a far superior games library , and more powerful hardware, 
  well , this was a discussion about units sold , not quality . 
  i did n't know myself until i checked , i just thought `` no netflix ? 
  does that mean ... there * is n't * an app for that ? 
  impossible ! '', 
  well in all likelihood they 'll be updated with sandybridge processors soon enough ... 
   i do n't really care about anyone but myself, 
  how is buying a macbook air hurting anyone else ? 
  i do n't understand ... 
   osx, 
   beats the shit out of windows 7, 
  yep, 
   windows 7, 
   better than linux, 
  i was amazed when i saw it that it had n't been taken already . 
  but also glad , because i ca n't think of anyone who deserves it more, 
   it has been said in some cases that those of the dispora are more irish according to historic culture than the irish still on the island, 
  said by whom ? 
  any game where the rules allow someone to be victimised . 
  my second night after moving away from home for college , i got pointed to any time someone got the opportunity to make someone else drink . 
  ended up drinking more than half a litre of vodka . 
  and i still managed to get let into a club . 
  the rules of the game were :, 
  * draw a two : drink, 
  * draw a three : get someone else to drink, 
  * four : touch the floor , last person who gets a finger to the floor drinks, 
  * five : guys drink, 
  * six : chicks drink, 
  * seven : point to heaven , last person to be pointing at the ceiling drinks, 
  * eight : pick a mate ( that night , always me ) . 
  that person drinks when you drink, 
  * nine : waterfall . 
  you start chugging . 
  the next person in the direction of play starts as soon as you start , and ca n't stop until after you stop . 
  this circuit continues around the table , with people lasting as long as they could to screw the people further `` down '' the waterfall . 
  * ten : everyone drinks, 
  * jack : make up a rule ( and when someone breaks it , they drink of course ), 
  * queen : finish your drink, 
  * king : the first three people to draw a king pour their drinks into a communal bowl/saucepan/whatever ( we had a chalice for exactly this purpose ) . 
  the fourth person to draw a king has to down this vile concoction ( and with everyone at the table drinking something different , it was indeed vile ), 
  * ace : you choose who drinks ( one person , a group of people [ i.e. 
  the guys/the girls/the blondes/the medicine students ] or everyone ), 
  i 'm sure there are many variations , but this is the one that made my first semester of college a blur, 
  ah , r/technology , the home of anti-apple ignorance . 
  i opened the comments just so i could find the inevitable moronic `` hurr durr apple , they deserve what they get '' and downvote it . 
  feels good man, 
  no , he 's a catholic, 
  i * knew * she looked familiar , that 's exactly who she looks like !, 
  thanks , that would have driven me insane , 
  as opposed to a film not worth watching, 
  thank you a million times for saying john cale and not jeff buckley . 
  john cale 's version is absolutely the best one, 
   fantastic writing, 
  i do n't understand . 
  how can fantastic writing be boring ? 
  excellent - and appropriate - username, 
  yeah , in the extremely unlikely event event that windows ever converts me , it 'll take a damn sight more than a fancy tablet ui, 
   people have jobs that depend on releasing a good product, 
  i 'd argue that a great many more people are employed releasing bad products than good ones . 
  the incredible crapness of some software that people charge money for never ceases to amaze me, 
  this is the thing that baffles me . 
  do people actually * like * windows ? 
  as in , enjoy using it ? 
  i can understand using it if you need it because a tool only works on it , or works significantly better , but actually enjoying the windows user experience is a bizarre , foreign concept to me, 
  this is one of the all-too-common gigs i could n't go to because of being a broke student who ca n't afford a ticket :(, 
  so a cop that gives someone a ticket for running through a stop sign is an asshole ? 
  i read blood meridian while listening to this album . 
  you are correct sir , they go together perfectly, 
  this is n't pics . 
  making this kinda doubly bad, 
   not inherently bad, 
   `` deregulated children 's tv ... good for him ! '',
