  yes , i think that 's the point he was trying to make ... 
  please record yourself speaking in what you think is an irish accent . 
  i am now extremely curious as to what 's going on in your head, 
  well played, 
  ok , that sounds like some bizarre young billy connolly scottish thing mixed with a hint of indian . 
  certainly does n't sound like any irish person i 've ever met, 
  my polish friend and his family are vegetarians . 
  i think i 've kinda ruined your 100 % :p, 
  geocar could be using vimperator with emacs keybindings . 
  it 's kinda awesome , 
  it always feels great to see the top comment is exactly what you were thinking . 
  and yeah , that film sucked donkey balls, 
  yeah , i first thought `` do i really need a desktop notifier for reddit ? '' . 
  then i saw `` dependencies : adobe-air '' and realised that i certainly did not . 
  putting it in an awesome config would be kinda cool though ... 
  really ? 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  lgbt people would like to have the same rights as straight people . 
  how is this confusing ? 
  do n't even need to say what country . 
  i was also going to add something cool that comes out of ireland : havok physics . 
  making video game bad guys fall down dead in satisfying ways for almost a decade, 
  this is great , but i think it 's even funnier when played against the [ original opening ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkh3iemed-a ), 
  i do n't think you can judge mac users by the macrumors forums , it is one of the stupidest communities on the internet imo, 
  yeah , this is all pretty well-known stuff, 
  i hardly think doing something for/spending time with your so is the same thing as being whipped . 
  it 's kinda expected in a relationship, 
  sit in the corner and think about what you 've done, 
  you know what 's better than stupid mac vs. pc jokes ? 
  * reposts * of stupid mac vs. pc jokes . 
  hurray !, 
  really ? 
  i 've done some android work and it looked an awful lot like java to me, 
  i 've done some android , would n't mind trying a new project ... race ya to the karma, 
  damn , that must be some strong stuff you 're smoking if it somehow makes family guy funny, 
  i do n't get people 's problem with raisins . 
  they 're delicious, 
  nothing ever makes me rage as hard as a politician saying `` let 's put politics aside '' . 
  i had to pause the video and walk away for a minute, 
  this is the sort of opinion i expected to see on reddit about this cover , not `` oh noes , it 's awful ! '' . 
  i like it , because it just empasises how little she gives a shit about other people 's opinions , and how she has a sense of humour, 
  well unless you 've talked to her personally about her thought process behind the design , i think we 're all speculating here :p, 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i 've been one of those who complains about the anti-apple bias on this subreddit , but holy shit , what is this about ? 
  this really is dreadful , and i am glad i do n't own an iphone . 
  i really hope someone gets fired for this . 
  very very fired, 
  i 'm finishing up 2nd year in trinity cs , looking forward to seeing you around next year . 
  there are plenty of us on reddit , not sure how many will be bothered posting here though :p, 
  i 'm 20 , from dundalk and am currently studying for exams which start on wednesday ( so it 's clearly a great idea for me to spend my time here  _  ) and hoping to find a job in dublin for the summer . 
  i enjoy drinking , wasting my time on the internet , and customising everything about every computer i own until it 's * exactly * how i want it ( i am kind of a neat freak , and this is an extension of that ) . 
  unusually ( it seems ) i do n't play guitar , but do play trad flute a bit, 
  how do you like working there ? 
  anyone i know who 's had any experience of working there made it sound like hell on earth, 
  yep , noscript is great < 3, 
  he was working in some java division ( ew ) and hated it . 
  he really , really despised quickr, 
  ha , a fate worse than death :p, 
  well , ducss is more focussed on gaming i guess , and the internet society ( netsoc ) is focussed on programming and unix-like operating systems . 
  there is a fair amount of overlap tbh . 
  i have n't studied any security-related stuff yet , and there is n't really any of it in the course afaik ( although the course is being changed around , so anything could happen ) . 
  there is a masters course about that kind of thing in dcu though , so that 's always an option, 
  this . 
  it 's gotten to a stage where i downvote almost any image posted to r/reddit . com . 
  i unsubscribed from r/pics for a reason . 
  some of the ones today really bothered me too . 
  `` hey reddit i just graduated '' - i do n't care , people do that all the time, 
  `` hey reddit , i 've been sober 4 months '' - congrats , did you really need to karma whore with it ? 
  surely there 's a r/recoveringalcoholics subreddit . 
  and if there is n't , start one , it could be useful . 
  `` i hit a hole in one and won a car '' - words can not adequately describe how little i care . 
  nice car , take it to r/cars or r/golf, 
  it seems as if there 's a portion of the community who thinks `` wow , this thing just happened to me , i 'll tell reddit and gets loads of karma '' . 
  i can understand if it 's relevant to a specific subreddit , but submitting it to r/reddit . com is just annoying imo, 
  ok , this annoys me every time . 
  any of my friends who own apple products bought them because they wanted something good . 
  this is n't `` i want apple because it 's hip and shiny '' , it 's `` i want apple because they make good products '' . 
  simple as that . 
  if someone said your galaxy s is crap , they 're wrong , that 's a fine phone . 
  but i do n't think they 're representative of all apple users . 
  thank you, 
  i have never gotten why people enjoy homestar runner . 
  that is one boring show, 
  i think the only kind of reality show i like is the `` making fun of morons '' kind , and jersey shore is a fantasic example of that, 
  i am being good and not downvoting things i disagree with , because i think that 's a shitty thing to do in general , and especially in this thread . 
  i just wanted you to know though , this was probably the closest i came to a downvote :(, 
  i do n't mind the stereotypical hipster dress style , and i really like indie music . 
  i would probably say i do n't like hipsters though , mainly because they tend to be irritating , self-obsessed pricks, 
   as much as i hate music when it becomes popular, 
  this is almost all the things i dislike about reddit in one place . 
  i only regret that i have but one upvote to give, 
  funnily enough , your comment is an example of one of my biggest disagreements with the hivemind . 
  that is , the hivemind believes that anti-religious opinions are the biggest problem with itself . 
  whenever there is a thread of this nature it seems that `` attacking religion/militant atheism/those circlejerkers over in r/atheism are the thing that most annoys me '' . 
  i think there are far more irritating and objectionable things to be found among the hivemind opinions than that , and that while mocking religion may not be `` virtuous '' , it 's hardly the worst thing going on around here . 
  i use vimperator , so mine looks [ slightly unusual ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ppz4x.png ), 
  i 've got greasemonkey , adblock , noscript , stumbleupon , tab groups , sync , gmail manager , foxyproxy and echofon . 
  that 's probably more icons than i 'd ideally like , but i find them necessary ( and i 've managed to keep them all to one bar , which is nice ), 
  it 's awesome,
