  or anybody on the right that thinks it 's illegal . 
  there are enough right-wing idiots with money and/or law education . 
  do n't you think anybody would have sued if there 's a chance that she 's at fault ? 
  do you really think that they would n't pull her in front of the constitutional court if they think there something fishy instead of restraining themselves to some cheap propaganda like them doing it now ? 
  it would be a first-class argument/win for them , would n't it ? 
  `` supreme court judges in favour of restricting asylum rights : chancellor merkels decision to open the border revoked ! '', 
  or something like that out of a right-wing wet dream . 
  and now ask yourself : why would n't they if it is such a clear case ? 
  if there is even a tiny slight chance that they would win in front of the court ? 
  or maybe , just maybe they do n't do it because they know their argument is bullshit or that there is n't a conspiracy of the federal government , the constituional court and other institutions and the vast majoriy of germans against them . 
  - be against asylum rights if you want , but at least try to give some coherent , rational arguments in favor of your position instead of stupid conspiracy theories . 
  * the print version . 
  i do n't know why , but it makes them really delicious . 
  because it 's a nice cartoon : [ `` quelle chance qu'on a , de seulement devoir se battre au foot . 
  '' ] ( https://i.redd.it/l5k57av0mr7x.jpg ), 
  maybe look into the ibfluence per capita . 
  citizens of smaller countries have a much higher influence than these of bigger countries . 
  he 's de facto potus while trump is de jure . 
  just like the greedy jews in the past !, 
   remind me please why independent is still allowed here while we got their conservative equivalent breitbart banned . 
  remind me please why a liberal / center-left newspaper is still allowed here while we got a right-wing extremist propaganda outlet banned . 
  ftfy, 
   if an attacker had unbounded time to work with it and state-level resources , i would n't bet that they could n't make a device based on the original using its parts that did do what was desired . 
  i 'm quite certain that the guarding soldiers wo n't give them out and that `` dictator goes crazy and tries to steal some nukes from the us/nato '' is an instant casus belli . 
  because in the past , right-wing extremist parties did n't do a good job for germany ... or europe ... 
  they are already under extreme investigation . 
  its not like you stroll just into the us, 
  oh didnt know that core elements of hitlers politics were about vegeterianism . 
  no it doesnt purely . 
  but that doesnt change that everybody should take the lessons of it . 
  and not defending the holocaust . 
  it 's inherent to the ideology . 
  nationalism is based on exklusion and antagonizing of other people . 
  it 's anti-humanistic and misanthropic at it 's very core . 
  how dare they ? 
  just because a narcisstic sociopath with anger issues and no knowledge about politics is american president now ? 
  yeah , they probably have . 
  problem is that trumps positions are very inconsistent and he seems to change them based on which single person hurt bis feelings lastly . 
  / s vor just the typical uninformed stem circlejerk ? 
  yeah ... 
  lets bring back an illogical murderous ideology . 
  the little hope that ive got is that trumps a good actor and reimplement nixons ' mad men theory in a brilliant method actor way . 
  perhaps kraft . . 
  cool story bro . 
  ever considered a career as historian ? 
  even if it were that way , why the fuck should i care about their religion ? 
  as long as they are good people it 's no matter and most muslims that i know are good guys . 
  whether or not someone is an asshole has nothing to do with his religion . 
  the problems are rather islamist idiots and right-wing extremist idiots . 
  two sides of very similar ideologies . 
  computers are against your nature , too . 
  go back in the woods , nature boy !, 
  fine . 
  call it vurst . 
  who the fuck cares . 
  but then call fleischk\u00e4se sth different too . 
  otherwise veggies could unknowingly buy meat !, 
  need someone to talk ? 
  yeah , but they all remain pseudo-rngs . 
  at least for your little home computer . 
  creating real randomness is n't easy . 
  yep . 
  i 'd argue that a otp based in normal java rng isnt very save . 
  and does the ministry of truth has anything to do with deleting actual fake news ? 
  than your lousy comparison does n't fit . 
  i has a whole other purpose . 
  to modifiy the past to fit the present time . 
  erasing people out of pictures , altering projections of production results etc. . 
  it has not looking at publishing of articles , looking at the facts , and banning those that state falsely that xy is a fact while it is in reality not . 
  because denying the holocaust is an `` unwahre tatsachenbehauptung '' - untrue statement of facts . 
  that is n't rewriting history , that is protecting history against rewriting . 
  it seems that your definition of fake news includes `` news that i do n't agree with '' . 
  see , that 's your problem . 
  yes , mr. smartass . 
  however orwellian typically refers to a 1984-style society . 
  the `` government '' is continously deciding what is truth . 
  everyday . 
  the chances are good that it 's also happening in your country if you live in europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defamation#europe, 
  grab a history book you moron . 
  ss is something totally different than the stasi which itself is totally different to banning false propaganda, 
  look , i can also make non-fitting comparisons . 
   implying it stops being a free and liberal society when propaganda lies are forbidden . 
  if it 's not at all comparable to 1984 then it 's not orwellian ftfy, 
  she 's less corrupt i 'd say and less social liberal ( e.g. 
  anti equal marriage laws , anti marihuana etc ) . 
  she 's also not a good speaker ( even less so than hillary ) . 
  the ministry of truth ' job is to alter the perception of the past through rewriting history . 
  that 's quite a different purpose and modus operandi than fact-checking articles . 
  and it 's not `` the people '' with a voice now . 
  it 's demagogues . 
  i 'd say judges . 
  it 's the same as in laws against libel , slander etc true statements of fact are verifiable . 
  at least read 1984 before spouting terms of it . 
  you are wrong . 
  agency says it wants more money !, 
  wow . 
  such news . 
  i 'd say the chance to experience tourism in the middle east is now lower than 10-20 years ago . 
  `` mostly ''  corporate principle # 3  to support the transatlantic alliance , and solidarity with the united states of america in the common values of free nations . 
  that 's bullshit ^ 10,
