  that happens if you let lizardpeople govern your country ... . . oh sorry , slipped into your reality . 
   hate to say it but where he \u00b4 s right , he \u00b4 s right . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  [ like this ? 
   is caused more by the intervention of a malevolent russian regime than by internal factors . 
  it 's caused by internal factors , but russia enables them to act on it . 
  yeah , but here 's the thing : one of them pushes human rights . 
  the other one the exact opposite . 
  choose for yourself : do you want human rights , or not ? 
  no it 's not . 
  there 's no statute of limitations on murder . 
  and neither on accessory to murder . 
  `` generally any act that helps achieve the main crime has to be seen as accessory '' as the justice system declared in the cases against mounir al-motassadeq . 
   on november 15 , 2006 , the german federal court of justice ruled on the appeals : they considered the evidence as sufficient to prove that motassadeq knew about and was involved in the preparation of the plan to hijack the planes and is hence guilty of accessory in 246 counts of murder . 
  this is the number of victims that died in the planes but does not include the victims on ground . 
  the oberlandesgericht ( state high court ) in hamburg then took up the trial again in order to decide on the sentencing . 
  [ 8 ] two days later , the federal court of justice also revoked the release order and motassadeq was arrested again . 
  on january 8 , 2007 , he was sentenced by the oberlandesgericht hamburg to 15 years in prison . 
  the federal constitutional court of germany did not accept to revise his case . 
  does somebody consider it ? 
  we have two marriage basically : 1 . 
  [ by the state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_marriage ) 2 . if wished by the church . 
  if you do n't do 1 . you are n't seen as married by the law . 
  any demand in germany that gay marriage is introduced is meant solely for the civil marriage . 
  the churches have nothing to do with it . 
  it 's about being recognized as equal in front of the law . 
  nowadays there are still many discrimination e.g. 
  regarding inheritance , legal powers in absence of your partner etc i do n't think the church should have anything to say regarding secular matters between people that may not even be part of that church . 
   shutting everything down by screaming ` structural anti-semitism ' perhaps because it is most of the time ? 
  always the same old mechanism of `` ooh , it 's the evil  zinsknechtschaft < and elite of greedy evil man in the background '' is no criticism of capitalism , well at least no valid . 
   honestly , the only thing that separates them from the pi-news crowd is that the one side loves germany above all and the other side hates it more than anything . 
  yeah , and the lack of antisemitism , authoritarianism , racism , tendency to fascism , celebrating right-wing terrorists , nationalism , etc etc etc ? 
  to give a picture , decide for yourself :  petry ( the afd leader ) said that they [ want to rehabilitate a deeply racist term ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/afd-co-chair-petry-wants-to-rehabilitate-controversial-term/a-19543222 ) ( [ v\u00f6lkisch , a central term to the nazis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lkisch_movement ) ) , a state party leader [ held an extremely racist speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=487wmxiraru ) , a state mp said that the jews are the inner enemy while the islam is the outer enemy of germany and that the [ the protocols of the elders of zion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protocols_of_the_elders_of_zion ) are legit . 
  none of that and much more had any real negative consequences . 
  no consequences from the rest of the party nor their voters . 
  no , that 's karl-heinz hoffmann . 
  he just plans further bomb attacks ( 2010 ) and gets money from sachsen ( 130.000 $ ) . 
  yeah , that 's a fair point although i think it 's more about the principle than a serious crime since you get these flags basically for free during championship with all the ad campaigns . 
  ... vor a politician , or middle-left or more , or an unionist , or someone engaging in anti-right organization or refugee aid , or a lgbt , or ... . 
  problem is that its based in statistics . 
  there 's a drastic surge in right-wing ( attempted ) murder in the last years and they already were the most deadly ideology by far since reunification . 
  screw that , two shootings in three months are enough reasons . 
  yeah . . do some stupid action against stupid patriotism . 
  really crazy not to wave around flags . 
  wow . 
  we should put them in asylums . 
  thats mentally ill not to circlejerk during a world championship . 
  ever read the term bannmeile in kombination with the reichstag ? 
  protests are generally forbidden around the parliament, 
  perhaps you should read again about them . 
  because you 're talking bullshit . 
  yeah i agree , the topic is generally one that qualifies for a referendum . 
  but the referendum also showed the dangers of referendums : the misinformation of the media and politicians may sway the public opinion in a dangerous way . 
  sure you can say it does n't matter and it 's still the public opinion , but in my eyes it showed how the results can be easily manipulated in our current media and politics system for bad motives ( more viewers/readers or greater personal political influence etc ), 
  on eu exits ? 
  i also congratulate myself on that achievement . 
  hard work pays off !, 
  perhaps educate yourself about the reasons . 
  other links so far : they found child pornography on nsu computers , a cabin used by a nsu supporter is nearby , they were seen with unidentified kids , child toys and clothes were found in their van , boehnhardt was loosely connected to a child murder in 1993 , tino brandt ( head of their former organisation ) currently serves time for running a child prostitution ring . 
  a suspicion by a member of a parliamentary commision of inquiry is that they financed themselves also through child pornography/prostitution as the police prooved that the money from bank robberies would n't suffice . 
  well , survivors vs no survivors . 
  its a clear thing . 
  well , given that there are polish left , one of them obviously was a better choice . 
   what you do n't get about afd is that it is a political party . 
  yes it is right wing , but it is not there to implement killings . 
  it is there to implement right wing policies . 
  policies that might be a little tough and costly at the borders , but those would yield a greater long term financial stability and social harmony . 
  it 's a racist , antisemitic , nationalist party without concepts for real-life politics . 
  it 's a party of climate change deniers and friends of neonazis . 
  by no means are these amateurs better anything in germany . 
   have you ever been in paris ? 
  do you like everything you see ? 
  do you think it is socially harmonious ? 
  yes , several times . 
  yes i liked it . 
  not that i see it much , but there are a lot of socio-economic problems . 
  really ? 
  it just shows your level of lunacy . 
  also , much more people died due to right-wing extremists than anybody else ( considering political motivation ) in germany since end of ww2 . 
  before the end of ww2 i do n't think i should even start to count . 
  you 'd need much more than some terror attacks to get me to vote for afd . 
  in fact , i think very few things short of a lobotomy would make it . 
  also , you are very naive if you think front national would solve * any * problems . 
   you will , yourself , vote afd in a few decades . 
  watch it happen . 
  hahahahahaha . 
   it had historic , epic proportions . 
  [ really ? 
  read the german constitution . 
  article 1 ca n't be changed . 
  go back and read the article . 
  yeah , right . 
  there was no invitation . 
  what she said was transferring a information of an agency and stating the obvious and only option . 
  it was the ( mainly foreign ) press that made an invitation from it . 
  that 's a nice story , bro !, 
  ah , that kind of bullshit again . 
  can you please cite this invitation of merkel ? 
  [ nah , they 're totally on the point !, 
   it wont get better as long as lefties will label those who do the same with islam as racists and other buzzwords .
