  b ) the guests stopped coming because of another reason , then why are n't we talking about that reason . 
  and why should we even talk about it ? 
  bars/restaurants fail all the time . 
  it 's a hard business sector . 
   seriously , how on earth can anyone call himself a true democrat , and then demand from a restaurant owner that he has to stop serving people of certain political views ? 
  again , nobody demanded it . 
   yep , the `` kauft nicht beim juden '' graffitis in the 30 's were also totally fine . 
  people should just cop with denunciation . 
  / s people did n't stop going to the shops because they were suddenly aware that the owner is jewish . 
  they knew that before . 
  they stopped going to the shops because there are murderous paramilitary groups of the dictatorship standing in front of it telling them to not enter the shops . 
  in this case however people stopped going to the restaurant because they now suddenly know that it 's a meeting point of neonazis . 
  ( or because of other reasons , but then the discussin is futile ) the big difference that you and the other people that are trivializing nazi crimes are n't seeing is , that in this case nobody was forced not to go to that restaurant . 
  yes , one idiot sprayed a grafitti on the outside of the home . 
  i do n't know in which village you live , but grafittis are quite common in bigger cities . 
  if you are going bankrupt because of one grafitti , you would most certainly go bankrupt either way . 
  ok , then we have different mindsets on eating out . 
  although it depends on your definition of `` minding its own business '', 
  bgh says it does n't applies . 
  but honestly , would you go into a restaurant where there are people that you do n't like just because the food is good or cheap ? 
  to me being comfortable while eating is too important for that . 
   yeah , i 'm sure his contract was cancelled for no reason at all . 
  he had economic problems before and then he scared away more customers . 
  it 's very common that contracts are cancelled if you are n't selling enough . 
  the restaurant/bar business has hard competition . 
   no , you are trivializing fascism every time you use fascist methods til not buying food in a restaurant is a fascist method . 
   the words have almost lost their meaning , because they 're so overused by the left . 
  lol . 
  says the guy who calls not going to a restaurant `` fascist methods '', 
   these particular customers would have hurt his business , then surely he would be happy if they 're gone . 
  well , but they did . 
  and he apparently did n't . 
   but that was not the case . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  the restaurant had economic hardships before and was barely surviving . 
  if you scare away most of your customers by letting assholes stay in your business , it 's a stupid business decision . 
   people who lack any respect for the most basic democratic values vandalizing his restaurant if you have to close your shop because one idiot sprays a grafitti on the outside , then you have to close your shop in any case . 
  grafitti is common in cities and every buidling has to deal with it . 
   and `` politicians with open views '' demanding that he stops serving people of political views that differ from theirs . 
  nobody did demand that . 
  the politician provided him juridicial insight on how to get rid of them if he wanted to . 
  but it 's the decision of the owner . 
  you are again trivializing the crimes of the nazi regime . 
  go educate yourself . 
  not eating in a restaurant because there are assholes at the table next to you is not the same as people threatening with harsh consequences in a genocidal dictatorship . 
   if you do n't feel like buying there , that 's fine . 
  so then why the fuck are you arguing ? 
  people do n't want to share a restaurant with genocidal ideologists . 
  if the restaurant owner is fine with them , it 's his fucking problem . 
  but then do n't cry when you are broke because nobody want to fucking eat in your restaurant . 
   slander and harassing nobody did that . 
  also , i already know from discussion in the past that we will most certainly wo n't come to a common ground . 
  you will defend that your comrades are eating in that restaurant ( which is fine ) but do n't make any absurd comparisons to the nazis and their boycott from april 1933 . 
  well , first i do n't think it 's that crazy . 
  i also would n't go to a restaurant full of bikers , mafia and other unruly persons to me , a restaurant must not just serve good food ( which this one did n't particularly did , it 's main advantage was the amount of food for the money , but that was n't exceptionally either ) but a restaurant should also be cozy . 
  it should be a place where you enjoy sitting . 
  and having a group of neonazis at the next table is n't exactly comfortably . 
   when instead of communication and open debate people prefer censorship , isolation and segregation . 
  any discussion has the base line that there is anything to discuss about . 
  but human rights are non-negiotable . 
  there is no discussion with neonazis because there is nothing to discuss about , there is no middle ground on which one can potentially meet and compromise . 
   that is illegal in most civilized countries . 
  well , in germany it depends on the criteria of the group . 
  you can deny service to basically everyone except if you base your decision on their ethnicity/sexual orientation/religious belief/sex | gender/disability/age . 
  you can kick out a group of bikers , you can kick out the local golf club , you can certainly kick out a group of people with a genocidal ideology . 
  so , then what are we even talking about ? 
  nobody forced the restaurant owner to not serve anybody . 
  he struggled economically before and now that not enough people want to eat in the same room as neonazis , he 's going down . 
  also , in germany it 's totally legal to deny service based upon political views . 
  it 's not legal based on ethnicity etc. 
  but political views ? 
  fair game according to the law . 
  call me again if germany is a dictatorship , the government sends people into concentration camps and paramilitary groups known for murders are marching in front of the restaurants while saying that nobody should go inside of them . 
  until then , take your absolutely bullshit comparison and go fuck yourself . 
  also , go visit a concentration camp or similar to get a fucking grasp for history before you start spouting nonsense and trivializing nazi crimes . 
  you can start learn something about history [ here . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_boycott_of_jewish_businesses ) . 
  at that point the nazis ruled germany , had murdered hundreds of people and tortured even more , opened the first concentration camp and deployed their paramilitary group in front of the shops . 
  if you do n't the difference to a politician educating a shop owner on possibilities to get rid of potentially unwanted customers and people avoiding a restaurant because they voluntarily do n't want to sit and eat in the same room as said other customers , then you are truly stupid . 
  what would your action be ? 
  round up customers and force them to buy food in that restaurant ? 
  so if i go into your bar with a group of people that makes most other guests uncomfortable , you should be forced to let me stay ? 
  and ethnicity/sexual orientation are a whole other topic . 
  that would according to german law illegal . 
  also , there would probably no problem with them if they would quietly sit there and enjoy their beer . 
  but they are n't . 
  business-lpt : if you have a restaurant and are already struggling , do n't have people in your restaurant that other people actively avoid . 
  make your restaurant comfortable and do n't have any group in there with which nobody wants to share the room with . 
  oh yes . 
  who did n't heard of the mass extermination camps of the spd ? 
  totally valid comparison . 
  oh please . 
  a struggling bar owner has a weekly meeting of neonazis in bis bar . 
  he 's told that they are neonazis and informed of legal ways of how to get rid of them because nobody wants to sit next to them . 
  he doesnt want to get rid of them but now he has less guests and makes less money resulting in economic loss . 
  actually it was originally inflated by goebbels . 
  after the war the east rolled with it because it served as an example of evil west ^ tm if you see the real deaths ( 18-23k iirc ) it isnt particularly bad compared with other bombing runs . 
  you mean the same roman empire that was a melting pot of tons of civilizations ? 
  lol if all the people would be like you and the other right-wing idiots i 'd be glad if they were on the way to be extinct . 
  oh they are wide open . 
  i just do n't buy into right-wing extremist ideologies .
