  but he 's assoziert with them in german . 
  in a free society you are free to choose with whom you do business . 
  if you do n't want to sit in the same room as neonazis it 's up to you to do n't eat there anymore . 
  that you want to apparently force people to eat there is very anti-democratic . 
   anyone who `` punishes '' a restaurant owner ( by not visiting the restaurant anymore ) simply because the owner also serves food to people that do not share his political views is a fucking retard who does neither understand the principle of democracy , nor the one of a free society nor the ones of causality . 
  or he just has some principles . 
   yes , and it 's of course a pure coincidence that this graffiti appeared exactly on the wall of that restaurant no it 's not pure coincidence . 
  it 's most certainly because he serves neonazis and people know it . 
  but it 's also not that kind of nearly terror attack that certain people in this thread try to paint it . 
  it 's a fucking grafitti . 
  and you comparing it with the nazi crimes shows that you do n't understand anything about that period . 
   people have spread the rumor that the owner would sympathize with people from the afd ( typical denunciation ) and people who apparently lack any respect for democracy found it a smart idea to spray `` nazis raus '' on the restaurant . 
  * pegida it 's not really a rumor if it 's true , is n't it ? 
  he apparently sympathizes enough with them to prefer to them over his normal customers . 
   or is your point that he should n't serve afd members so these left extremists would n't bother him ? 
  following that logic , should nobody serve extreme left politicians or minorities so the extreme right does n't bother him/her ? 
  that 's such a bastard of an argument in a democratic free society . 
  again , pegida and not afd . 
   we both know very well that these politicians did n't make their demands to `` protect '' the restaurant owner . 
  we both know that the politician gave him legal advice on how to protect his business . 
  do n't try to get me into your bizarre world view . 
   what really hurt the restaurant owner was the retaliation for not following these demands . 
  what really hurt the restaurant owner was the loss of revenue from the customers who do n't want to eat uncomfortably in a shared room with neonazis . 
   the point is that he served these people for an economic reason , and not because he would have sympathized with them . 
  the point is the economic reason is void if serving them means a loss of revenue from other customers . 
   but that was clearly not the case because in that case the restaurant owner surely would have had an interest in denying these `` neonazis '' service . 
  apparently not . 
  so , in your eyes it 's another reason why the customers did n't came anymore ? 
  then what 's the point of this discussion ? 
  i 'm not willing to discuss the economic failures of a random restaurant owner . 
  also , take your quotation marks and read a history book or alternatively some information about pegida m\u00fcnchen . 
  they are without question neonazis . 
  till then guests started to stay away as a result of the denunciation campaign ( good job btw , `` fighting '' people of other political views by punishing a restaurant owner who does n't categorize his customers according to their political views is such a smart thing to do / s ) . 
  it 's not a denunciation campaign if it 's only stating true facts , is n't it ? 
  also , forcing people to spend their money in a restaurant does n't work in germany . 
  they did n't want to buy food there anymore - it 's their choice . 
   people stopped visiting jewish shops because in a anti-semitic society you do n't want to get denounced as a jew friend and thus a traitor to your own people . 
  yes , and there was a threat to it . 
  people stopped visiting restaurants with neonazis at the next table because the choose to , not because the fear repercussions . 
   might be because the restaurant just got labelled as a `` right wing business '' by people pushing their own views so hard , that demanding from restaurant owners to select their customers according to their political views and denouncing them if they keep serving people of all kinds , has become legitimate in their eyes . 
  it did n't really got labelled as a `` right wing business '' . 
  the information was spread ( it is n't even sure if actively ) that a local neonazi regularly visits the shop and the owner let them stay . 
   the most important thing in a democracy is to respect other views and to uphold communication with each other . 
  in the restaurants and pubs people of all political views are welcomed and the resulting communication and debates are essential to maintain social peace and to avoid a split society . 
  you seem to think that neonazis have any kind of valid political view . 
  there is no compromise with them . 
  human rights are non-negiotable . 
  read the first article of our fucking constitution . 
  no problematic is the content of the talk . 
  it 's naive to think that other people in the restaurant would n't catch some sentence when a group is talking on the next table . 
  and at least in my country , most people do n't want to share a room with people with a genocidal ideology . 
  okay , a group whos uniting property is politics . 
  which group is organizing a weekly assembly while only meeting in that restaurant with all group members . 
  and you assume that that group would not talk about politics while being in that restaurant ? 
  do you do n't talk about football while being out eating with your football friends ? 
  do you do n't talk about model train while being out eating with your model train club ? 
  if you are the biggest group in a restaurant , you will be louder than the other people who are just sitting there with 2-4 people . 
  he specifically spoke about the ss . 
  but besides that , even the nazis in 1933 had concentration camps ( although not extermination camps ) , in fact the first one was opened before the boycott of jewish companies . 
  thanks , it 's an honor coming from you . 
  oh please , nobody can identify the pegida organizers ( ! ), 
  and speakers ( ! ), 
  who hold a weekly protest in proximity in that district of the city ? 
  a protest of which there are many pictures and reports in newspapers and such ? 
  yes , they probably would n't be identified if the were at the other end of the republic , but in their own neighbourhood , while coming directly from said protest ( potentially even still with flags , signs etc ) ? 
  also , it did apply because the political beliefs of that person were known . 
  if they are talking loudly about politics , theirs would be known too . 
  and a group which common uniting property is politics are going to talk about politics . 
  yes , his contract was cancelled because he did n't sell enough stuff . 
   because some cunts started to vandalize his restaurant yes , one grafitti and a bunch of stickers by some idiots . 
  that 's kind of small vandalism that all house owners have to struggle with in bigger cities . 
   and some people ( involving even well known politicans ) launched a hate and smear campaign against him . 
  first , it is n't a smear campaign if it 's true . 
  second , it 's no hate campaign . 
  if people talk to their collagues and start avoiding a business it 's not a hate campaign . 
   any source on that ? 
  only personal anecdotes . 
   what really seem to have hurt his business was the hate and smear campaign against his restaurant . 
  no , there was no smear campaign . 
  do n't start to call something a name which it is n't . 
  let 's stay with the facts please . 
   if people in the 30 's do n't visit a jewish shop anymore because the nazis marked it with `` kauft nicht beim juden !, 
  '' , is the jew the one to blame for the economic failure of his shop ? 
  first , it 's something different between commanding the population to not go to a shop while you are a dictatorship that is actively murdering & torturing opponents and have paramilitary troops in front of the shop and a politician saying `` hey guys , fyi group xy is meeting in that shop . 
  it 's up to you if you want to do further business with that shop . '', 
  and not even that happened . 
  the politician did n't even call for a boycott , he just talked to the owner that it 's probably better to not be associated with this group xy and how he could legally avoid not to be associated with them if he want to . 
   if it was really the presence of these customers that caused the closure of his restaurant , then there would have been no need for spd politicians to make demands on who he should serve and who not . 
  he did n't made demands . 
  he told him that it 's bad for business ( which it is as we are seeing now , and saw often in the past ) and gave him legal advice if he wants to get rid of them . 
   there would have been no need to vandalize the restaurant by `` anti-fascists '' . 
  it 's a single grafitti ffs , the restaurant was n't vandalize , the building in which it was got one more grafitti . 
   but that was quite obviously not the case , as the owner himself said he does not give a fuck about politics and did not want to chase his customers off . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  how does the owner not giving a fuck proof that people do n't go the restaurant ? 
  whats even the point in this discussion ? 
  as far as i see it , there are two possibilities : a ) the guests stopped coming because of the neonazis . 
  it 's their free decision on where they are eating . 
  nobody forced them not to go the restaurant . 
  so , do you want to force them to eat there ?
