   in the hope of you `` saving '' them , guaranteeing a comfortable life in europe . 
  people like you are the reason why that 's happening . 
  ... says the guy with the bloody hand at the murder scene ? 
  you want to send them into these camp . 
  if it were wwii you would 've probably also send people back into concentration camps . 
   living in internments camps being subject to rape , slave labor , torture and arbitrary executions with the hope of paying several thousand dollar to some shady guy for a life-threatening journey with uncertain end and a high risk to be deported again if one survives this journey  living in an asylum center , being able to apply for asylum right there and being safely transported to europe in case of a positive response . 
  not really a hard decision , is it ? 
  because they `` freely '' entered libya diminishes their oppression in libya in what way ? 
  because they `` freely '' entered libya justifies rape , forced labor , torture and executions ? 
  [ [ after setting your car on fire ] listen , your car 's temperature has changed before ] ( https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/earth_temperature_timeline.png ), 
  i 'm talking about the situation in libya . 
  but i 'm sure you know more about it than the observers of the un and human rights watch . 
  this is not a fantasy imagination . 
  its from recent reports if the un and hrw as well as a confidential report of the herman government cited by german public broadcaster . 
  but it 's easier for ones conscience if we pretend everything is voluntarily and the situation of refugees is more that of people on a funny business trip . 
  they would just buy boats in tunisia and egypt etc. 
  then you would have to block trade with them , bringing the whole other ship industries ( fishing etc ) in libya to an halt . 
  the human traffickers have more money than your average fishing joe . 
  the miracle of the market , given a high enough price for a good , the good will be delivered to you . 
  shutting down the whole fishing industries on the northern african coast would be a debatable task . 
   they were caught giving and ferrying the boats back to the traffickers , though . 
  that 's definitely enabling the traffickers . 
  i do n't really see it in the video . 
  but okay , let 's assume it is that way . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  the traffickers will just let the boat sit right there . 
  they do n't care for the life of the people . 
  then the refugees wait there until the time is running out and they are in direct life threatening situation ( either because of drowning/sinking or because of dehydration ) . 
  then the rescue ship in proximity are obliged to help them . 
  the end result is the same . 
  you could also sink every boat after rescuing the people on it . 
  but would that change anything ? 
  it 's a fraction of the profit they are making from trafficking people . 
  the cheapest fee they charge is 1000 $ , with ~ 3100 $ being average . 
  on one of such a boat are ~ 50 to 100 + people . 
  that 's 155000 $ per boat at 50 people . 
  you can certainly afford a new boat with that . 
  if they do n't go to libya , they will go to another route . 
  the only way to deter them from going to europe is to provide them with a possibility to apply for asylum elsewhere . 
  ( as long as you want to adhere to human rights , if you do n't care for them you can do it as you do it now or just shoot them directly ), 
  thanks !, 
  you ca n't do that in accordance with human rights . 
  they are subject to forced labor , mass rapes , torture and executions in libya . 
  ah yes , i think that will persuade the refugees to stay in libya where they are subject to forced labor , rapes , torture and executions according to reports of the un , hrw , etc perhaps the solution is something like install asylum centers on the shore which respect the human rights ? 
  no incentive to cross the mediterranean sea , no human rights violations in internment camps of the libyan governments ( yes , plural ) and their affiliated militias . 
  is there a mirror for people with browser from year 2017 ? 
  no fucking flash ? 
   this is a german ngo picking up libyan illegal migrants from within sight of the libyan coastline so ? 
  a threat to life is a threat to life . 
  should they wait until the first one dies ? 
   and then ferrying them to sicily . 
  you have to bring rescued people to the nearest safest harbor . 
  they do n't choose the harbor , they follow the order of the maritime rescue coordination centre in rome on which harbor they should bring the migrants . 
   oh look how much i love my country  it makes me kinda happy that in this germany she 's in italy though . 
  first , yes i 'd love politicians who are more about running the country than waving a flag and meddling with dangerous ideology . 
  second , she did n't casts aside that flag because she has a problem with the flag , but because celebrating prematurely is bad as she saw some years earlier in another premature celebration which the chancellor candidate of her party ( stoiber ) then did n't win . 
  well , fire every minister of interior that ever worked for her . 
  something says me that its an inherent problem with the law and murder idiots of the cdu, 
  thanks !, 
  i guess i translated to literally : /, 
   are you really telling me that you could identify every single person that participates in a protest ? 
  that participates ? 
  the leaders , speakers and organizers of that highly controversial and often reported protest in the neighboorhood which also blocks a popular place 1-2 times a week from being used by the general public and causing traffic problems ? 
  yes . 
   there is a significant difference between participating in a protest that is not explicitly about a political party , and being the head of a political party at a national level . 
  whether or not it 's a political party does n't matter . 
  it 's a specific right-wing extremist assembly/organisation . 
  and it also does n't really matter in the decision of the bgh . 
  their reasoning was that the person was known to be a right-wing extremist and might be identified by fellow guests ( which is what happened in this case ) and thus the owner has a right to kick him out . 
   a better expression would have been `` denunciation campaign '' , launched by people who apparently do not respect the most basic democratic principles . 
  what a bullshit . 
  stop twisting the facts please . 
   yes , if you live in a society with strong anti-semitic views , you spread the rumor that this specific restaurant owner sympathizes with the jews ( because serving all kind of people obviously makes him a sympathizer ) and the people then stay away from the restaurant it 's obviously the restaurant owner 's fault that his business is now going bad , nothing to do with a `` smear campaign '' . 
  / s ah , nice trivializing nazi crimes . 
  good job . 
   you want to talk about `` the facts '' ? 
  how about we start talking about the absurd but real fact that someone who calls himself a socialdemocrat has the audacity to tell a restaurant owner that he should not serve people of certain political views ? 
  yes , because a democratic defending democratic values is horribly absurd / s also , he neither demanded nor told him to stop serving them . 
  and by `` certain political views '' you mean `` genocidal ideology '' i guess ? 
   yes , and it 's of course a pure coincidence that this graffiti appeared exactly on the wall of that restaurant , in the same way a `` saujuden ! '', 
  graffiti just coincidentally appears on a synagogue . 
  again , trivializing nazi crimes . 
   the suffering of the jewish population started many years before the nazis seized full control over the country . 
  denunciation and smear campaigns made it very hard to impossible for them ( and the people who did business with them despite the anti-semitic pressure ) to keep their businesses running . 
  the big boycott campaigns started in april 1933 . 
  at that time they had already opened dachau and the nazis were basically in full control of the country . 
  there was no big opposition anymore . 
  people feared them . 
  in my hometown a few streets from the old home of my granddad an old lady jumped out the 3rd floor window when the sa knocked on the down , because the rather died quickly than go with them . 
  do n't you think that 's a difference between having them in front of a shop commanding you not to do business with the shop and just having information that a restaurant owner does business with their ideological heirs and you deciding not to go to said restaurant ? 
   the underlying idea is the same : tell someone that he should not serve people of a certain type ( religion , political views , . . ) and if he does n't cooperate denounce him . 
  apparently not . 
  and you see it similar to the nazi boycott . 
  a pity that you got no good history lessons . 
   which is already an absolute no-go . 
  a true democrat does n't tell private shop owners to not serve people of certain political views . 
  `` associate '' , please ... he simply served them food . 
  anyone who `` punishes '' a restaurant owner ( by not visiting the restaurant anymore ) simply because the owner also serves food to people that do not share his political views is a fucking retard who does neither understand the principle of democracy , nor the one of a free society nor the ones of causality . 
  more of the same bullshit . 
  associate might be the wrong term in english .
