  i know , i 'm personally against all immigration myself . 
  i doubt they were all muslims , but it was overwhelmingly non westerners . 
  marine le pen or gabor vona . 
  i ca n't decide . 
  i do n't even support the eu , and i want it disbanded . 
  i disagree . 
  i have family members who fought in spain during its civil war . 
  george orwell did the same as well . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  everyone has their own opinion on who the `` enemy '' is in this situation . 
  i personally do n't support russia , but some people legitimately view them as the men fighting for good in this war . 
  our rules are in place in order to keep good conversation going . 
  if someone says something like , `` you 're a racist , kill yourself '' , you 're not actually contributing anything to the discussion . 
  what 's wrong with the names of the mods ? 
  `` ramblinrambo '' , `` neutrolgreek '' , `` kohalikpagan '' , `` dweebcrusher '' , `` erowidtrance '' , and `` anjumahmed '' , what 's so weird about that ? 
  we do have downvote buttons , you just have to be subscribed to use them . 
  we did that to prevent brigades . 
  do you realize just how unsustainable less kids would be ? 
  without more children , social security programs are going to fail from having too large of an old population , and too small of a young population . 
  i 'm glad left wingers are failing in france , it shows that the french are tired of socialism and multiculturalism . 
  if i were from france , i 'd vote for national front . 
  my iq is 120-125 . 
  that 's not low intelligence by any means . 
  turks are not european , and that 's final . 
  human rights are a liberal scam . 
  they 're a cheap way of giving liberal pet causes the air of being above politics , of being somehow beyond debate . 
  you 'd think that if there were going to be any fundamental rights , the very top ones would have be the right to protect oneself ( guns ) and the right to associate with whomever one wants . 
  yeah , it definitely exists . 
  you know what annoys me though ? 
  sjws claim that if minorities get arrested more than white people , then it 's because of racist police officers , but if more men get arrested than women , nobody complains about cops being sexist against men . 
  no they 're not . 
  they 've always been known as outsiders as invaders , not europeans . 
  i said most of that stuff on worldnews , where they are more lienent with different beliefs like that . 
  also , apartheid did result in increased quality of life for blacks and whites , ever since apartheid ended , the average south african lifespan has dropped by 10 years . 
  whoops , my bad . 
  ignore everything i said . 
  i was n't aware these haircuts even existed . 
  i 'm all for supporting nationalist parties in europe , but i also like having a good sense of fashion . 
  hezbollah does n't give money to jihadists , they provide help to secular governments such as assad from syria . 
  i can understand someone being thrown in jail for being a radical communist , but i doubt wearing a red scarf is enough to prove you are one . 
  also , this is n't european news , turkey is not in europe . 
  go away , shill . 
  he 's right , replacing the ethnic structure of france probably is n't a good idea , because the french are a unique group of people , and it would be a shame to see that happen . 
  i believe that all european people should be allowed to preserve their racial and cultural heritage . 
  seeing as how i do n't want to stir up shit on here , i really do n't want to talk more about this . 
  i want spain or germany to win . 
  however , my dream scenario is for brazil to get to the championship , and to lose , thus creating a huge riot . 
  not only does brazil have a huge land size , but their population is huge as well . 
  there are entire cities that are bigger than ireland , and that 's crazy to me . 
  this does n't restrict someone in ireland from buying actual cigarettes . 
  do n't really care . 
  i 've never been beaten up by black guys . 
  i 've been doing mma for over 10 years . 
  why would poverty cause more rape ? 
  i 've never once heard the phrase , `` i had to rape that girl to feed my family '' . 
  chicago . 
  well , at least you 're consistent  you should go to / r/korea and / r/nigeria and tell them they need more diversity . 
  but , that 's not my argument . 
  it has nothing to do with just looks , genetics has a whole lot more to do than just looks . 
  also , why do you care if i want to preserve my people ? 
  if a korean or nigerian told you that they wanted to preserve their own racial and cultural heritage , you probably would n't say anything to them , but if i as an irishman wants to do it , i 'm an evil nazi . 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  i have no hate towards any group of people , i just simply wish to preserve my own people . 
  unlike a lot of people , i do n't hate muslims , if anything , i know they can be very good people , because i 've met many who were . 
  i just believe they should either go to countries with multiculturalism ( like north and south america ) , or they should stay in their home countries . 
   it 's also wildly racist . 
  i 'm a racist , so i do n't really care  because the eurabia argument is based on immigrants , not on race . 
  if that 's the case , then i do n't like the eurabian argument . 
  my argument against immigration really has nothing to do with religion at all . 
   that article assumes standards of living improving wo n't curb migration , and also assumes there will be no assimilation of immigrants . 
  which is a pretty idiotic assumption . 
  i have familiars over on the us and the uk ( do n't worry , they 're white , so apparently they 're not offensive for your pretty colour-coded xenophobic morality ) ; their children speak spanish as a second language , if at all . 
  even if all the immigrants assimilate ( which they wo n't ) , it wo n't change the fact that white people will be a minority by 2066 if current trends continue . 
   also , your argument literally boggles down to ` oh no english people will still be english but they will be niggers ' . 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
   genetics ? 
  so you are admitting whether you accept someone or not is purely due to the aesthetics of their race ? 
  that 's fun . 
  it is . 
   while named after arabs , eurabia fearmongering counts for most ethnic groups . 
  romanians can fit in many of the examples , for instance . 
  and most sources of repute note eurabia is a myth . 
  romanians ? 
  why would they be included in that ? 
  they are white , just like any other european group . 
  ( gypsies are not )  that 's a fallacy , a pretty bad one at that . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/8142176/white-britons-to-become-minority-by-2066.html no , it 's the reality we 're living in . 
  britain has only had the immigration floodgates opened for a brief period of time in their history , and it 's only around 85 % white now . 
  ( the same can be said for france ) whites are losing ground quickly , and my article shows how britain was will have a white minority by 2066  hoax and hoax . 
  i do n't see the brazil being majority italian-culture today , even with almost as many people of italian descent as italy itself . 
  i 'm not speaking about culture , i 'm speaking about race . 
  plus , most brazilians are of african descent , not italian . 
  are you thinking of argentina ? 
  because argentina has a lot of italian descent people there . 
  it 's the biggest italian diaspora on earth . 
   given that swahili is about as close to irish as hungarian or finnish , that 's bullshit . 
   taking one extra generation to assimilate is infinitely worse to invading and enslaving a country . 
  i 'm not saying i enjoyed what britain did to us , but i feel like i should n't have to choose between either getting buttfucked by britain or ass raped by africans . 
  i want ireland to be irish , and for everyone else to leave us alone . 
  my message to anyone who wants to come to ireland is , `` fuck off , we 're full '' .
