  the same also goes for the swedes . 
  i feel like ethnic conflict could be a very major possibility in sweden 's future , since they are importing 3rd worlders at such a huge pace , when they do n't have a very large population to begin with . 
   maybe someday they will go home ? 
  that 's highly doubtful . 
  even the shittiest conditions in sweden are far better than the average person from these third world nations . 
  although if syria does ever recover under assad , maybe a lot will try to go back . 
  for african nations though , do n't count on it , they 're here to stay for life . 
  america has always been a land of immigrants since the late 1700s . 
  europe is n't america . 
  from what i 've seen , third world immigrants usually cause decent amount of problems , but refugees are just absolutely awful . 
  name some ways in which europe benefits from third world immigration . 
  again , can you find any racism in their official policy ? 
  of course you ca n't . 
  instead , you just quote some members who said controversial things 20 years ago . 
  based on what policies ? 
  because the current ruling party in finland is almost identical to the sweden democrats when it comes to policies . 
  but i know you wo n't name any policies , because in reality , they are not extreme in any way . 
  you 'll just attack me , and call me racist , but i 'm used to that already . 
  the political climate is extreme , though . 
  the sweden democrats would be considered a moderate group in a country like finland , but in sweden , people often call them `` neo nazis '' . 
  that 's ridiculous , and it 's obvious . 
   you 're a self-confessed and unabashed racist . 
  ok , now prove how what i said was wrong . 
  it still does n't change the fact that sweden is extremely politically correct . 
  you think i 'm not allowed to form opinions on your country because i do n't live there ? 
  i 've met swedes and finnish people who have lived in sweden , and most of them say that political correctness is something that is very strict there . 
  who would have guessed that decades of importing refugees and third world immigrants would eventually get people to get tired of that shit ? 
  who cares if sd is a racist party ? 
  in what way does sweden benefit from importing record numbers of refugees and third world immigrants ? 
  what do you guys have to gain by this ? 
  yes , that is seen as being a racist neo nazi in sweden . 
  also , swedes being proud of their swedish heritage also makes them a super nazi . 
  we 're not talking about the total population , we 're talking about people under 24 . 
  the reality is that ethnic europeans have very low birth rates . 
   or is france more than 27 % muslim in the under 24 category ? 
  i would n't be surprised if that were the case , but there are n't many clear statistics out there that really show the demographics of france . 
  but regardless , i doubt most muslims even support isis anyway . 
  i want to see it only in history books as the failure that it 's been . 
  you mean to say that on a subreddit of over 80,000 , people , some are nationalists ? 
  woah !, 
  there 's much worse things we could be spending money on . 
  i think it should , but it 's complicated . 
  i would love to see it happen by the end of this decade . 
  northern ireland is n't a singe entity , but i seriously doubt most of them have a positive view on the uk . 
  i personally think all or ireland should be united . 
  we are in no way obligated to make sure africa achieves stability . 
  plus , last time europeans made africa stable , europeans eventually left because we came to the concensus that colonialism was wrong . 
  now that colonialism is gone , they need to look after themselves . 
  they wanted independence , and independence comes with all the fruits and hardships that makes running a nation difficult . 
  they ca n't have their cake and eat it as well . 
   i would hate cities like these to become more muslim in the future and lose their old flavors . 
  i feel a lot of you just use the word `` muslim '' as a code word for brown and black people . 
   the consequence , as revealed by the latest census , is that white brits are now in a minority in london , making up just 45 % of its residents . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-21511904 to me , that 's a huge difference . 
  but i guess to each his own . 
  if you like multiculturalism , then by all means , continue to keep voting for pro immigration parties . 
  statistically speaking , white britons are a minority in london as of now . 
  there are many eastern european whites in london , but most of them do n't see themselves as british , and many often go back to eastern europe after enough work . 
  also , i never said anything about sharia law , nor did i even bring up anything to do with islam . 
  i 'm going to be as uncontroversial as possible , because i know i 'm hated for saying controversial things . 
  however , the facts are that europeans right now have extremely low birth rates , while non european immigrants on average have much higher birth rates than us . 
  if these trends continue , us ethnic europeans will be a minority in our own countries by the end of this century . 
  this has already been accelerated in america , and white people will be a minority there by 2043 . 
  do you want to live in a europe where ethnic europeans are the minority by the end of the century ? 
  do you see places like paris and london , and think that all of europe should be as diverse as them ? 
  if you do , then continue to vote for pro immigration parties , and you should be fine . 
  amerindian casinos are the poorest areas in america on average . 
  i 'm just saying that there is a certain hypocrisy in talking about how evil and useless the rich are when you are rich yourself and have no intention of giving up your wealth . 
  i never claimed that . 
  personally , i see nothing wrong with those who wish to acquire wealth through honest means . 
  unlike socialists , i do not hate the rich for being successful . 
  however , it 's extremely hypocritical for socialists to instigate class warfare , while still being wealthy at the same time . 
  it reminds me of how michael moore constantly talked about the evils of capitalism , but had a ridiculous amount of money . 
  regardless of what some ex girlfriend has to say , this is how it is with most socialists . 
  they are usually middle/upper class people who love talking about class warfare , but they never actually want to live around these people . 
  it 's similar to how politicians who are pro immigration never bother living in neighborhoods where immigrants are known to live . 
  the reality is that these politicians serve elite interests and are completely out of touch with working class european people . 
  not reporting illegals is basically the equivalent of slapping those in the face who follow the rules . 
  fine , then i do n't want true economic freedom \u2122 . 
  i want as much economic freedom that can be had without immigration . 
  that , and because leftists know they can acquire new generations of loyal voters by opening the flood gates and providing these poor immigrants with welfare . 
  welfare and immigration are a dangerous recipe for disaster . 
   doesnt anybody find it strange that the same people who talk about inequality are also the same people who advocate for mass immigration ? 
  yes , and i always found that to be rather stupid . 
  back when i used to be a socialist , i was still anti immigration . 
  it never made sense to tackle economic inequality and poverty by importing more people who are poor . 
  while i do agree that races exist , and that there are clear differences between them , i am not a supremacist . 
  i do n't believe that anyone is superior or inferior , i believe that thousands upon thousands of years of evolution made each race to be best evolved to live in that environment . 
  being a nationalist does n't mean you hate others . 
  i 'm a nationalist and i support the right of self determination to all people on earth . 
  being a nationalist means i put my people first over others . 
  you know , you can have economic freedom and a welfare state . 
  i did n't know he created that . 
  now i like him more . 
   in practice it just caused inequality what 's wrong with inequality ? 
  some people have more worth to society than others . 
  if i wanted to live in a country with no wealth inequality , i 'd move to a shithole like cuba or venezuela . 
  also , countries like norway , sweden , and finland , are huge on economic freedom , and have done well under them . 
  because gabor is a nationalist who does n't try to act like muslims are the most evil people on earth . 
  i 'm surprised a lot of people here are n't fond of low taxes and economic freedom .
