here are all the citations for everything i wrote : 186 . 
  story of man . 
  harmondsworth : penguin . 
  origin of the races . 
  the races of europe . 
  westport , ct : greenwood press . 
  the hunting peoples . 
  boston : little brown . 
  racial adaptation . 
  chicago : nelson-hall . 
  lee , r. b. 
  man the hunter , chicago : aldine . 
  nelson , r.k ( 1969 ) . 
  hunters of the northern ice . 
  chicago : university of chicago press . 
  paternal provisioning versus mate seeking in human populations . 
  personality and individual differences . 
  sexual dimorphism and breeding systems in pinnipeds , ungulates , primates , and humans . 
  chagnon , n. & irons , w. , editors . 
  evolutionary biology and human social behavior . 
  north scituate , ma : duxbury press , p. 02-532 . 
  could `` r '' selection account for the african personality and life cycle ? 
  personality and individual differences . 
  dec. 15:6 , p. 65-676 . 
  race . 
  new york : oxford university press . 
  ama , simonau , boulay , serrese , theriault & bouchard ( 1986 ) . 
  skeletal muscle characteristics in sedentary black and caucasian males . 
  journal of applied physiology . 
  racial/ethnic variation in the motor development and performance of american children . 
  canadian journal of sports science . 
  trivers , robert ( 1986 ) . 
  social evolution . 
  buss , david ( 1992 ) . 
  the evolution of desire . 
  basic . 
  the evolution of human sexuality . 
  oxford . 
  detroit news wire service ( 1991 ) . 
  u.s. syphilis cases at highest level since ' 49 . 
  detroit news . 
  may 17 . 
  rate of illness from sex rises in teenagers . 
  boston globe . 
  april 1 1 . p. . 
  stolberg , sheryl gay ( 1998 ) . 
  epidemic of silence : a special report . 
  eyes shut , black america is being ravaged by aids . 
  new york times . 
  june 29 . p. 205 . 
  koh , eun lee ( 1998 ) . 
  survey says hispanics see aids as major threat to public health . 
  san antonio express - news . 
  may 2 . 
  stolberg , sheryl gay ( 1998 ) . 
  epidemic of silence : a special report . 
  eyes shut , black america is being ravaged by aids . 
  miller , e. ( 1995 ) . 
  environmental variability selects for large families only in special circumstances : another objection to differential k theory . 
  personality and individual differences . 
  dec. 19:6 . p. 03-918 . 
  miller , e. ( 1991 ) . 
  climate and intelligence , mankind quarterly . 
  fall/winter . 
  vol . 
  i 'm tired of `` racist '' being the modern world for witch . 
  if being anti immigration makes me a racist , so be it . 
  i did n't even downvote you , but regardless , i 'm not an extremist , nor am i even a far right winger . 
  i 'm a centrist , and i support the self preservation of all people on earth . 
  i have no hate towards anyone , but the reality is that third world immigration benefits europe in absolutely no way at all . 
  it increases welfare , crime , ethnic tensions , and it makes ethnic europeans minorities in their own homelands over the course of time . 
  also , i want to make it clear that i direct 0 % of my anger towards immigrants . 
  they are innocent people who simply want to live a better life . 
  my anger is towards the politicians who let them in . 
  if you really like the comment that much , you could just save it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i was banned from / r/whiterights . 
  / r/european is not a white rights sub . 
  it 's a subreddit dedicated to free speech . 
  white rights is just one of many topics that comes up on / r/european . 
  if anything , i personally am banned from / r/whiterights . 
  i resent zionists who think europeans should practice multiculturalism , yet they think israel should be a racially jewish state . 
  fuck yeah , i resent the hell out of that , and anyone who hates double standards should . 
  i feel like we 're cousin countries . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , but is n't it possible to create ethnic food without importing ethnic people ? 
  i have this strange invention that one of my friends gave me , it 's called a `` cook book '' , and it gives me step by step instructions on how to make delicious food from other countries !, 
  last night , i even made tacos , and i did n't need a mexican to make it for me !, 
  or maybe they 're just realizing that importing mass amounts of third worlders and refugees is n't helping the country at all . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  especially when the sd is almost the same as finland 's ruling party in terms of policies . 
  i personally would have liked to seen an alliance between the two to fight against rape culture . 
   you personally actually are a neo-nazi , though except i 'm not , because i do n't support national socialism . 
   perhaps someone who thinks that the world is under control of a vast jewish conspiracy to exterminate all white people is n't the best judge of reality . 
  i do n't believe there 's a jewish conspiracy to exterminate all white people . 
  i do however , believe that jews often divide and conquer people , in an effort to dominate over them . 
  i do n't believe that all jews are in on it , but there are too many jewish elites who do have this mindset . 
  i have nothing against normal jews , though . 
  my resentment is towards zionist jews who support multiculturalism in europe and america , but believe that israel should be a racially jewish state . 
  i have a feeling that integration is going to not work very well . 
  people naturally like to be around their own people , and these refugees are going to mainly want to live with each other .
