  i do n't usually cry to the news , but for some reason this choked me up and i had to pause my workout to regain my composure . 
  we 're shutting down actively used rape crisis services . 
  the attitude of the government at the moment seems to be `` victims ? 
  how about that new flag , eh ? '', 
  i think this only works when the business is willing to change their approach to accommodate the generalised solution . 
  which is often not that case ( more due to ego rather than business requirements i suspect . ), 
  if you 're not convinced the question is biased , lets reframe it :, 
   should the nz government abide by the treaty of waitangi ? 
  judging people without truly understanding their circumstances is a favourite pass time for many people in nz . 
  i think you would fit in well with those people . 
  this needs to be said ? 
  they 're the ones with all the money . 
  and unlike their parents , they 're quite happy to spend the money on themselves , rather than the next generation . 
  on my way to get a whopper jr. w / cheese ( no pickle ) , i pass mcdonalds , kfc , carl 's jr. , mcdonalds and wendys . 
  sure . 
  boomers enjoyed free education . 
  we do not . 
  wealth redistribution is further evidence . 
  op 's news article suggests that businesses be cognisant of this to be successful . 
  the police are too busy fulfilling their primary role : to be tools of political policy . 
  their job is to demonstrate they are tough on * x * and dissuade political activism , rather than serve the public as the peelian principles would prescribe . 
  i have no doubt the vast majority of officers police with integrity , but officers are n't the ones who set priorities and distribute police resources . 
  agreed , `` manipulative '' is such a loaded term . 
  the headline may as well be `` smart people more able to get what they want . '', 
  what was publicly available ? 
  when and how was one able to access the full text of the tppa before it was signed ? 
  i thought one of the big complaints was it * was n't * publicly available until after it was signed ? 
  and , umm , no need to be , umm , rude . 
  umm . 
  it sounds like you do n't know . 
  or are referring to unofficial leaked versions . 
  so you 're , umm , insisting on being rude then ? 
  i 'm not saying anything , i 'm trying to better understand . 
  for some reason it 's like getting blood from a stone . 
  i find prefacing an answer with `` umm '' rude . 
  i 'm not sure what that adds otherwise . 
  you 're also evading answering my question : when and how was one able to access the full text of the tppa before it was signed . 
  overall you 're coming off as rude and defensive . 
  thanks for the clear answer . 
  so it was released a few days before it was signed . 
  perhaps so few people viewed the tpp because that had other things on their schedule for that week . 
  yes . 
  what else does it add to the answer ? 
  you can be rude if you like . 
  you can say `` fuck you you cunty mccuntcunt '' if you like . 
  it 's the internet , i have no recourse . 
  it just does n't add anything to what you have to say , and makes me wonder why you need to be . 
  according to / u/gorbok the final version , i.e. 
  the only version that mattered , was released nine days before it was signed . 
  my point was , you can say what you like . 
  so i wonder , why say what you said , if not to be rude ? 
  why preface an answer with `` umm '' . 
  why point out the existence of the internet instead of answering my question ? 
  you can after all opt to say nothing . 
  you opted to say something . 
  how so ? 
  umm , that 's cute . 
  i made no suggestion of differences . 
  the final version is the one that matters , because it 's the version that wo n't be changed . 
  because it 's official . 
  that 's what matters . 
  perhaps parties were n't interested in anything less than the final document . 
  it seems you think that those forming the agreement are right and just in imposing their process on others . 
  not all accept to this . 
   again , if you think they are substantially different , enough to call it a completely different document , could you point out where these differences are ? 
  again :, 
   i made no suggestion of differences . 
   which parties ? 
  interested parties , as you said . 
  i imagine anyone who will be imposed on by the agreement . 
   and why would the document released in november not be sufficient seeing as it was n't ( and has n't ) changed substantially compared to the one in february ? 
  because any changes or absence of changes would not be known until the final document was released . 
  it seems you 're suggesting it 's the duty of those the document will imposed upon to understand the agreement , rather than those imposing it . 
  this is only one perspective . 
   and they had the document available to them in november . 
  they had * a * document available to them . 
  * the * document was released in february . 
  still , i have no insight into the workload of the waitangi tribunal or any other interested parties . 
  i ca n't make comment as to whether nine days or two months is sufficient time for review . 
   and as it was only subject to legal review to make sure the i 's were dotted and t 's crossed and changes would be minor if any , hence the november document was entirely sufficient to review . 
  that 's your assertion . 
   i 've asked you several times to point out what differences there are between the texts which would render the documents different enough to complain about , you have not provided this , if you want to keep making the claim you need to back it up . 
  you keep asking me to back up an assertion i 'm not making . 
  i can only assume your argument is disingenuous . 
   if it 's not so where are the people complaining about it ? 
  people are complaining about many , many aspects of the process through which the tpp agreement was made and will be imposed . 
   i 'm asking you legitimate questions about why/how it 's not good enough . 
  no you 're not . 
  you 're asking me to demonstrate something i 'm not claiming , and are only willing to accept your own perspective : that the november document was good enough . 
   but are they complaining about the legal review of the text ? 
  they are complaining about poor access to the final document from what i can tell . 
  maybe write an open letter to your cousins . 
  talk about your relationship with your grandparents , and wonder about their relationship with them . 
  talk about wanting to honour your grandparents wishes , and your concern about your family 's relationship being damaged by their demands . 
  ask if they can think of a way to resolve their unhappiness that also allows you to honour your grandparents wishes . 
  you can have a family of choice , not just a family of birth . 
  i get the feeling you wo n't struggle to build a family you love , regardless of what happens . 
  yeah , as the marketing professor says , people in poverty are prone to making easy decisions . 
  it makes me wonder what other easy decisions get made that are n't so easy to observe , that further exacerbate poverty . 
  where are these people living ?
