  i 'm guessing the large volume of papers you can find in the subject of sexism in society by searching google scholar would not pass as proof ? 
  do you know how you make decisions when you have to rely on your subjectivity ? 
  do you know how we do science when we have to rely on human subjectivity ? 
  i do n't care about being right , i know the basis for my knowledge . 
  i am enjoying finding out how you will deflect next . 
  a proof of the existence of sexism in nz :, 
  you see because while there is n't a field of science that disputes my claims , there is a broad field of science that supports them . 
  you are the one making the controversial claim , not me . 
  what 's your angle now ? 
  will you quibble over definitions ? 
  will you simply dismiss over 15k papers referencing sexism in society as `` women studies '' ? 
  maybe you will suggest that sexism is over ? 
  perhaps you continually escalate the burden of proof ? 
  maybe you 'll just give up . 
  i look forward to finding out !, 
  adding `` no '' to the search result as if that 's meaningful . 
  clever . 
  you have n't nullified the search result by adding the word `` no '' . 
  the articles are still clearly talking about ideas of sexism in society . 
  you really think you 've genuinely refuted my demonstration of a large body of knowledge that exists about sexism in society ? 
   make me believe you 've at least read the conclusion :-), 
  how do i do that ? 
  i do n't know how you know what you know . 
  i do n't know what you 'll find significant or what you 'll consider irrelevant . 
  you seem to favour quantitative data over qualitative , but i do n't know for certain and i do n't know your rationale for holding such a bias if you do . 
  i 've asked for your frame of understanding but you said i was talking like a 12 year old ? 
  i mean , i was in my late 20s when i first heard the word `` epistemology '' , but i 've learnt it 's a fundamental starting point for scientific investigation . 
  so i 'm stumped how to proceed if you are genuine . 
  what kind of proof could you be after ? 
  scientific proofs are published to journals to be assessed by peers . 
  they 're not written to satisfy internet arguments . 
  go back to the beginning of our discussion . 
  i [ pointed out ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/59qo12/the_pencilsword_in_the_bin/d9bc8u9/ ) to take it further we would need to quibble over definitions and meanings . 
  we ca n't take this discussion any further without defining what `` a cesspool of sexism '' looks like . 
  then we would have to agree upon what would be acceptable measures to determine this one way or another . 
  you for some reason took my use as an anecdote as proof of this cesspool , when rather what i was demonstrating what i claimed : that it 's easy to find examples of sexism . 
  i respond by talking about the difference between the understanding from academia compared to that held by laypeople . 
  this sends you into a tangent about how `` when you talk about ` academia ' you are talking about a branch of social science called ` women 's ' studies ' '' . 
  this is absolutely not the case : i studied trauma and recovery with the intent of practical application . 
  it just came off as you dismissing a field of science you either do n't understand or you do n't like . 
  like people argue against climate change despite clear scientific consensus . 
  this lead us to a discussion about the nature of academia and science . 
  and now we 're back to quibbling over definition and meaning , which is clearly pointless as i doubt either of us are willing to commit the resources to take this seriously . 
  i 'm certainly not willing to trawl through papers to find one that i think clearly satisfies my claim , only to have you dismiss it for some arbitrary reason . 
  i do n't know what you know or how you know what you know . 
  but it 's in stark contrast to both what i understand about the discipline of science and the findings of the field of science i have training and expertise in . 
  cyberpunk implies dystopia . 
  just saying . 
  and yes , grim stuff . 
  are you being facetious ? 
  or do you genuinely believe that science begins with a dictionary definition ? 
  i 'll admit , i 'm finding it frustrating that you are claiming authoritative knowledge of scientific discipline , when you clearly lack any such authority . 
  definitions of words and definitions of scientific concepts are completely different things . 
  to continue the discussion we need to agree what is meant when we say `` cesspool of sexism and racism '' . 
  this is n't found by going to the dictionary and finding the definition of each word . 
  tell me , truthfully or not , have you completed and passed university papers on research and methodologies ? 
  everything you are saying tells me you have do n't have any such training . 
   are you asking me if the english language is used to communicate in science ? 
  no , i am asking you if a researcher relies on dictionary definitions to establish the concept they are investigating . 
  that is , are you saying the sum of what is known about sexism ( as represented [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexism ) ) is completely represented by it 's definition [ here ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sexism ) ? 
  quibbling over definition , i sure did n't see this coming . 
  / facepalm, 
  remind me again of your scientific background ? 
  you 're still not demonstrating any . 
  i understand the existence of sexism in society not because someone showed me a paper once that proved sexism exists . 
  but because it was a part of learning , for example , how to help a man who has been raped , and how part of this treatment will need to consider how society typically does n't take the rape of men seriously ( even less so than that of women . ), 
  but go own , please continue to demonstrate your lack of knowledge . 
  it sure does n't stop the anti-fluoridation crowd . 
  university training is an anecdotal experience ? 
  i figured you were touching yourself all along ... 
  i 'm sure they exist , but i ca n't think of a cafe that allows smoking anywhere they are serving food in auckland . 
  that cat reminds me of a bengal . 
  i think it would be a bit rough pairing a bengal with another domestic . 
  poor domestic would n't stand a chance . 
  what a handsome fellow . 
  that 's a massive chunk of rock . 
  so it 's a graphic designer you are looking to produce a mock-up of a website ? 
  honestly , going mad seems like the most appropriate response to some of the shit we let go on in nz . 
  and by let go on i mean supporting leaders who on one hand talk about being tough on crime and all that noise while on the other undermine everything we 've put together to prevent crime from occurring in the first place . 
  it fucking sucks . 
  the results we are beginning to see ( like the huge jump in mental health call outs by police , increased crime stats , etc. ), 
  is only the tip of the iceberg . 
  did you speak to a manager ? 
  could have been a plonker just making stuff up because they did n't actually know what to do . 
  it 's like he 's mad , he picks up the bat and he 's like `` fuck , i ai n't that mad . '', 
  science starts with a guess . 
  there 's already a [ poor tax on fast food ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/life-style/food-wine/77916574/mcdonalds-makes-more-out-of-poor-areas ) . 
  but there 's no sexism in society , amirite / u/gareth321 ? 
  it 's all just anecdote !, 
  well , i 'm no authority . 
  this guy however [ reckoned the same ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b240pgcmwv0 ) . 
  indeed . 
  and there is no short supply of them . 
  but still , no sexism in society eh ? 
  how did the word even come about ? 
  those tricksie wimmens . 
  it 's richard feynman :, 
   `` we look for a new law by the following process : we guess it . '', 
   audience laughs . 
   `` well do n't laugh , that 's the real truth '',
