  the greetings radionz use can be found here :, 
  `` play the first one again ! '', 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  seeing the pohutakawa bloom there in summer would be nice . 
  mental health services are run similarly , due to being so stretched on resources . 
  those who ca n't access the services just have to cope , and if they ca n't either the justice system or medical services will collect them . 
  oh , what a source of kiwi pride is old rob muldoon . 
  `` all is on !, 
  feel it , feel it , feel it ! '', 
  there are no conspiracy theorists . 
  there are people with concerns , with the unpopular being lumped together with the absurd and given an easy label which tells everyone they are to be ignored and forgotten . 
  this is my favourite speech by [ churchill ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw6jw9y59jy ) . 
  i find it more satisfactory to understand reality as complex rather than trying to simplify it down to a basic framing of good or bad . 
  and i do n't really buy into other 's judgements . 
  some people [ damaged one of our major spy bases ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/225827/spy-protesters-mull-fresh-damages-appeal ) , they were acquitted in trial but may still have to pay damages . 
  so at least some locals are unhappy with our role in spying and are willing to go to such ends to express that . 
  we 're largely multicultural , so there is considerable diversity . 
  it would be completely normal for many to have a beer after work , or at the end of the week , or with dinner . 
  it 's popular at parties and many binge drink . 
  we also drink wine and spirits . 
  there are a few popular brands both local ( lion , db , tui ) and imported , however boutique beer is popular also . 
  there 's decent public spending compared to other nations , and there is low corruption and some good independent government oversight in place that prevents significant wastage . 
  the freedom of our press goes a long way in ensuring accountability also . 
  personally i think for our wealth our public spending is too low . 
  our taxes are too low and disproportionately target those on low incomes . 
  it 's a sensitive issue , an intellectual response seems more helpful than a more visceral response . 
  i mean , i guess i could have said instead : `` i find it distasteful to judge cultures . 
  people do the best they can in the circumstances they find themselves in and as this sub demonstrates circumstances can be fucked up . '', 
  which better communicates my feelings . 
  but i could n't think of it at the time . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlcikh6sbtc ) got a few views . 
  i hope you 're having a good day . 
  thanks for helping out with the refugees in your region . 
  a question : what did you have for breakfast ? 
  i had a soy latte and a doughnut ( plain , with cinnamon sugar . ), 
  it was good . 
  mmmm , they look delicious . 
  there is a distinct lack of cinnamon cereal in nz . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i loved them fraggles . 
  well , one police minister has already had to resign . 
   queenstown community housing trust chair david cole said the problem was greedy baby-boomers snapping up investment properties . 
  cole is then further quoted in the article . 
  and then further perspectives by others are presented to offer contrasting views , alongside government statements . 
  it appears to be a sound article contributing to a growing body of reports on the subject of housing prices , many of which are referenced at the end . 
  perhaps some editing occurred subsequent to your comments . 
  no doubt some folk from rnz read reddit . 
  that 's some astounding craftsmanship to survive so long , i wish there was a picture !, 
  probably should have replied at the top , my comment was about the article 's writing rather than the perspectives offered within . 
  haha , sometimes you got ta put something out there . 
  eat a burger from the white lady . 
  it 's a large trailer that parks on commerce st in the cbd . 
  there also used to be one that parked on broadway in newmarket , but i 'm not sure if that 's still around . 
  it 's been around for decades . 
  excellent . 
  i imagine the homeless in auckland have a different set of issues to deal with than those in spanish cities . 
  what 's the situation like for the homeless in barcelona ? 
  if you become homeless , is there much outlook for improvement or are you likely to get stuck ? 
  are overflowing toilets actually a problem ? 
  i guess it must be for these people whoever they are . 
   i honestly wish we could know how right or wrong they are . 
  i like the mystery to be honest . 
  thank goodness for ( relatively ) independent legal systems . 
  you would follow the instructions of a pack of cunts ? 
  fuck that shit . 
  civil rights in the us go something like this :, 
  rich ? 
  nope , then you have the right to get fucked up . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  how can we expect her to respect any authority , when this is what passes for authority in her society . 
  if you do n't have the civil right to not get arbitrarily assaulted , then fuck civil rights . 
  i 'm not sure what opinion it is you have that i might change . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  the only thing i wonder is , can you really disrespect an authority not deserving respect . 
  if i had a sense that the law disadvantaged me or those i care about , would i respect those who respect and represent the law for me ? 
  according to the article :, 
   a teacher and vice principal in the classroom at the time felt the officer acted appropriately . 
  and that 's the bullshit system that poor girl is caught in ( along with everyone else she knows . ), 
  it borders on dystopian . 
   the local government act prohibits councils from paying more than necessary for services without any corresponding benefit . 
  i 'm guessing that means a direct benefit measurable in a financial way . 
  improving the quality of our community by allowing employees to `` participate as an active citizen in the community '' can not be considered . 
  total dive . 
  the ird 's password requirements suck . 
  i have to reset it every time i use the website , because i ca n't use some lengthy , easy to remember phrase as it has special character and max length requirements . 
  now i just copy/paste some garbage characters , then reset it the next time i use the site . 
  i also wonder if the specific password requirements expose the nature of the underlying system in use ? 
  given the very few special characters that can be used . 
  it sounds like you 're judging someone based on a small amount of information . 
  `` if there 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's intolerance ! '', 
  coherent values are hard , eh ? 
  so what 's the difference between a racist assuming people different to them have some kind of undesirable attribute , and you assuming racists are stupid ? 
  is it not possible for a smart person to grow up in a racist community , realise their racist attitudes are not rational but still acknowledge that the racism is ingrained in them ? 
  doing their best not to act out their racism , knowing that sometimes they still will . 
  the conundrum is only for some , rather than society in general . 
  multicultural society , at least in nz , seems quite able to accommodate intolerance . 
  for example trademe has no problem with people listing rooms where only people of certain ethnicities are accepted . 
   if there is a difference , then consequences are the difference . 
  because i do n't go round being mean to dumb people and denying them opportunities . 
  how do you know ?
