  and being willing to consider how much chance is involved in the state of our lives , whatever our circumstances . 
  as a way of continuing to move forward rather than stagnating or abandoning hope too soon , and as a way of discovering what might not be chance . 
  i think it 's clear to many if not most people that what becomes most popular is n't always what we 'd most enjoy . 
  especially when we discover those obscure gems and wonder at how it has n't exploded with popularity . 
  it would seem chance and circumstance play a great role in these things . 
  but absolutely not the only role . 
  which is really cool , cause that 's where we step in . 
  and that 's what i think the article invites us to do : step in . 
  i wonder what jk will be busy with ~ 10 years after he 's done being pm ... 
  * that * is what they call a full beard ? 
  i wonder if this guy still has the use of his legs ... or neck . 
  i imagine the waste produced recovering the gold is hazardous and hard to deal with . 
  `` her family and friends were killed . '', 
  well , now it 's time to slap back !, 
  i 've very excited . 
  try the local dairies . 
  that 's how i 've kept in stock . 
  the last of the real stuff expires in november from what i can tell , but maybe there 's later stuff about ? 
  there 's so much money to be made if you 're a psychopath . 
  there are plenty of those in prison . 
  lets hope he joins them . 
  meat is murder . 
  hahah , it appears three times even . 
  what about the other 50 % ? 
  acknowledging that the past has resulted in the present does n't make me feel guilty . 
   but to say the root comes from the days of colonisation is just ridiculous . 
  the colonisation of nz has to be the most significant event in the region in the last 200 years . 
  it 's nonsense to say it is n't the root of life in nz today . 
   you ca n't honestly tell me it 's a case of `` these guys stole our land , so i 'm going to steal their tv '', 
  of course not . 
  it 's far more complicated than that , it requires discipline and effort to even begin to understand human motivations and behaviour . 
  actually , maori are indigenous by that definition . 
  maori only came into existence at the point of colonisation when the colonisers labelled the inhabitants of nz `` maori '' ( which means `` normal '' in the native language . ), 
  prior to that existed disparate groups of people , people who existed in no other place than new zealand . 
  this is a really difficult area of human science for a lot of reasons . 
  the fact is , after considering the issues you have raised and more , it would appear that genetics plays a distinct role in intelligence . 
  however , it 's practically useless to consider this fact alone and is usually only raised alone to support some pre-existing narrative , such as superior/inferior races as you suggest . 
  which of course is nonsense , because genetics plays a role , but is not the defining factor . 
  this [ crashcourse episode ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xtz3qjcloi ) covers the topic succinctly as always . 
  jamie lee curtis , so smokin ' . 
  / u/editingandlayout , can you find some way to use a clip of her from trading places ? 
  i know you know that film . 
  that 's not accurate . 
  when asked by colonisers what kind of people they were , the answer was `` we 're normal people '' . 
  and so they were called `` maori '' by the colonisers , that being the word for normal . 
  prior to colonisation there was no coherent identity held by the indigenous people . 
  this term and identity was thrust upon them by the act of colonisation . 
  dismayed . 
  i do n't think it really matters when maori arrived , but the fact they were here when the colonisers arrived . 
  of course , there is robust archaeological , genetic , linguistic , and other evidence supporting the fact the maori lived in nz for several centuries before it was colonised . 
  we do n't need to rely or oral tradition alone . 
   the roads are harrowing, 
  the source of many childhood nightmares . 
  cliff bank on one side , drop into the ocean on the other , oncoming trucks ... 
  i 'm still reluctant to drive up to the coromandel despite the awesome dark skies at the top . 
  diplomacy in a nutshell . 
  `` you caused this war by not capitulating to our demands !, 
  that 's why we had to attack you , to preserve peace . '', 
  most likely the term came from early whalers or missionaries who through necessity indeed spoke the language . 
  just a bit of dust ... 
  i swear . 
  what worries me is what 's it going to be like in ~ 20 years time . 
  average temperatures are slowly but surely creeping up , but it 's the extremes that are going to be the kicker in the short term . 
  heat waves are going to be devastating . 
  well , i 'm sure once national have been in government for awhile , they will attend to this important issue . 
  have n't there been cases where people have been passed on the bill for invasive body searches that turned up nothing ? 
  basically being charged for the privilege of being sexually violated . 
   the entire american healthcare system is fucked up, 
  also the justice system . 
  and political system . 
  and education system . 
  hell , name an institution in the us , it 's probably well fucked up . 
  i 'm worried about the lists this comment might get me on . 
  thanks 5-eyes . 
  this makes me feel so patriotic , i 'm so glad we 're getting a new flag as a symbol of national pride . 
  are you referring to former [ prime minister david lange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_lange ) ? 
  his standing up to some us members of congress during the [ 1985 oxford union debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oehtziifvx0 ) did have some impact , but nothing so grand i think . 
   your fucked up politicians . 
  you were replying to my comment , so i assumed you meant * my * politicians . 
  my politicians originate from new zealand . 
  that was the nature of my post . 
  i was n't the one who gave you the initial downvote . 
  for no reason ? 
  it was an opportunity to brag about the quality of at least one new zealand politician . 
  it felt cleansing after being smeared with the suggestion that us politicians are mine . 
  surely you can relate to that at least some , given your sentiment . 
  we can all of course act as we like . 
  that definitely sounds like a scientific conclusion ( no sarcasm intended . ), 
  i think nz denied a holocaust denier entry to the country who wanted to promote their views in a series of talks . 
  i might be naive , but that seems fair . 
  every point of the universe is the pure centre of the big bang , if that 's what you mean . 
  my understanding is the closest thing to a standing frame of reference is the [ cosmic microwave background radiation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cosmic_microwave_background ) , but i am not an expert on such things . 
  fingers crossed for an eloquent answer to your question , because it 's a good one . 
  not a rape kit , but a drugs search based on spurious claims . 
  the case i recall the doctors refused , to the officers took the person to a different clinic where the doctors complied . 
  yep , which is a great example of the limited value of definitions . 
  they are definitely useful , but they are never the whole picture . 
  what a nightmare . 
  \u2665 / u/gallowboob, 
  name one chapter that 's related only to trade .
