i think you 'll find the correct spelling in this case is `` mum '' . 
  totally me when i used to work the night shift answering infrequent phone calls . 
  this is pretty much the whole premise of pastafarianism , right ? 
  felt in the 09 . 
  thought i was trippin ' balls , but i saw a nearby plant swaying nearby , figured what was up . 
  wooger-boogers live in that safe , for sure . 
  good thing you did n't get inside . 
  the avengers was an okay movie up till that line ( the original . ), 
  it was an awesome movie after it . 
  it was a really beautiful evening out last night , thanks for the shot . 
  i have had good results with rjb design , corner of commerce & custom . 
  although they take weeks to deliver at the moment , which is n't great . 
  but the quality is good and ronald is very enthusiastic about his work . 
  i hold my breath ( and stomach ) just looking at that picture . 
  haunting works for me . 
  it 's sweetness and innocence in juxtaposition with the truly horrible realities about to face the soldiers and nurses on the battlefields of wwi . 
  love how the girl who came in starts running on the spot when she realises her friend is on fire . 
  that 's a fine shirt he 's wearing . 
  that 's a nice pool . 
  and where is rome now ? 
  where is rome now ? 
  to be rich during the height of the roman empire . 
  that would be something to experience . 
  that is what i call a look of practiced disinterest . 
  but those are the best parts of my life ... :(, 
  i want a hotdog now ... 
  while khan 's armies did this , it did n't likely spread the plague . 
  more psychological warfare really . 
  how could you not listen to bach . 
  too fast for me . 
  reference :, 
  i 'm not sure your statement is accurate , perhaps you can cite to assure me it is . 
  i 'm not sure what 's such a shame though in any case ? 
  or what relevance myth has ? 
  i think it 's a bit of a stretch to say belladonnaone is agreeing with the author . 
  you 're right though , europeans were incredibly racist . 
  and we went to such lengths to prove and document this . 
  it 's embarrassing right ? 
  i say `` were '' , of course i mean `` are '' . 
  we might get a bit closer to the past tense if more people were aware of the dumb shit like this that we actually thought was legit once upon a time . 
  it 's no surprise someone exploring their heritage , maori or pakeha , finds this interesting . 
  like i said : a stretch . 
  what a maniac . 
  what a legend . 
  `` it 's just fabulous . '', 
  good journalism is pretty rare in nz but if there is any good journalism it comes from radio nz . 
  look at that face !, 
  `` hurrr ... 
  humans . '', 
  it 's not quite a loophole , but be familiar of your legal rights ( and responsibilities ) in the various situations and roles you 're likely to find yourself in . 
  such as a student in a tertiary institute , employee , tenant , patient , etc. 
  too many people let themselves be walked over or stumble into pits cause they do n't take the time . 
  those bears look like they 're up to some wicked bear voodoo dance . 
  bears and voodoo is a bad mix . 
  ice cream snickers, 
  that 's ron swanson , right ? 
  this is * very * mildly interesting . 
  i like . 
  that 's got ta have one heck of a laundry chute . 
  just go thru 'em , mate !, 
  then you and they must be very sad that most food service is done by humans , an innately social mammal . 
  never fear , the day of the robot shall soon come . 
  too hard for the students to learn , or too hard for the teachers to teach ? 
  i made no statement about how social you are . 
  you expressed your displeasure at social interactions with food service workers , i noted the inevitable nature of these interactions due to essentially human nature . 
  keep in mind , you only have to order a coke once a day maybe . 
  that person has to go through that process repeatedly . 
  i personally do n't pay enough for my coke to feel exempt from empathy towards that person 's plight . 
  i 'll complain alright !, 
  damn nazi mgs !, 
  i love stealing them suckers . 
  i should look for more canadian recipes . 
  it 's like ` murican food , but metric !, 
  what a cheeky guy . 
  animals under the covers ... not for me . 
  that 's a really cool picture . 
  haha , excellent . 
  soviets are tougher , which is why i love playing them . 
  it 's very hard to win as soviet though it you do n't lay down the smack at least a little before the tanks roll out . 
  how did you get those ratings ? 
  which one are you ? 
  perhaps she assumes white means `` absent culture '' ? 
  seven and a switchblade ... 
  there needs to be a new twilight zone type series . 
  thanks for the heads-up !, 
  i love . 
  cat saw the opportunity and immediately took it . 
  are all the signs they pull actually possible ? 
  also , could you really bite your thumb to draw blood , without wrecking your thumb ? 
  seems like you 'd have to fair chomp . 
  still love it all though . 
  what is it with turtles that they feel compelled to sneak and bite ? 
  looks like you tripped and took a photo . 
  my cats are always hunting for a spot to hide , might give this a try !, 
  sound like a cool idea , i hope you have fun !, 
  i hope no one manages to get one of these into new zealand !, 
  i read the series when i was about 14-15 ( mid 90s - basically i found the biggest book in the school library . ), 
  i remember really enjoying it , but being confused by it as well , particularly the whole thing with thomas being such ~ ~ a c ** t ~ ~ an awful guy yet still wanting him to come out okay . 
  pretty good stuff when i think back on it , some interesting and useful challenges . 
  i think it might be time for a re-read from a more adult perspective .
