  there are many complex interactions between groups . 
  it 's exceptionally fascinating . 
  we form identity and organise in so many different ways . 
  found here :, 
  what an awesome guy . 
  his grin right at the end . 
  `` the most important thing is honesty . 
  once you can fake that , you 've got it made . '', 
  they 're doing the same for [ my office too ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.864124,174.761695,3a,75y,18h,90t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s5xaapdyajbmxjkssoqzvuq!2e0?hl=en ) . 
  ( the outsource it tower . ), 
  it does n't look like much , but the views are amazing . 
  they 're not allowed to build that high any more . 
  kinda sucks cause we have to move and lose the awesome views . 
  but we also get to move to a modern office on k'road . 
  look at that chicken head , auto-stabilising . 
  are you sure that 's not a scene from the neverending story ? 
  this is about as cyberpunk as it gets . 
  the whole film is full of subtle brilliance . 
  you should rely on your insurer . 
  if they 're not happy with that , and you ca n't resolve it yourself then amicably suggest they pay $ 45 to raise it with a [ disputes tribunal ] ( https://www.consumer.org.nz/articles/disputes-tribunals ) . 
  the gif looks like it was made with stop motion . 
  that 's actually still a huge amount of data . 
  thousands of hours of audio , hundreds of hours of video , millions of pages of text ... 
  sounds like just the woman to lead the us . 
  yes , ultra high quality video takes up a huge amount of data . 
  any video could also be of a similar quality as a full length movie compressed to fit on a cd . 
  how did the building get finished ? 
  why put up all that glass if the building had be found to be unsafe ? 
  that 's all people ever talk about . 
  it 's easy to consider personal responsibility . 
  it 's hard to consider the systems that support all of us and how these systems impact different people differently . 
  more evidence that under national 's leadership the vulnerable of our nation suffer . 
  i think you have to vote for hillary if you want to vote for a party that at least pays lip service to the idea of a rational and logical response to science . 
  my understanding is that the more important elections are your house and senate elections ? 
  your ability for choice however is significantly limited by your two-party system . 
  i have no problem understanding , hence my above post . 
  it 's a luxury to have these concerns i think . 
  better than worrying about next week 's rent , shoes for the kids , crazy violent family members , etc. , etc. 
  no , that 's not according to me at all . 
  that 's a very simplistic way of looking at things . 
  i prefer careful consideration , even if it takes considerable effort and discipline . 
  this kind of stuff did my head in when i was a kid . 
  freakin ' all mice except with a cat captain and dog navigator ?!, 
  what kind of order was this ? 
  and then i 'd want pancakes . 
  but there were no pancakes . 
  yes , and i 'd be all `` i want them pancakes '' but i was too small to make them . 
  now i am an adult i can assure you my pancakes are top notch . 
  there 's a lot more to this . 
  it depends on the perspective you take , really . 
  vulnerable groups in nz are getting hammered at the moment . 
  in regards to sexual violence specifically , community services and acc 's sensitive claims service have collapsed . 
  it seems unreasonable to think organisations working with these groups would n't speak out against policy that they see impacting them . 
  i 'm sure there are other perspectives . 
   ciaran did a great job in the episode, 
  he 's a great actor , i loved him in [ rome ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0384766/ ) . 
  you mean they tested upgrading 32bit to 64bit and that resolved the problem ? 
  there are really two tasks for you . 
  first understand in generic terms how to push out the upgrade you want - assuming it 's even possible . 
  maybe start from upgrading a single machine directly , understand that process , and then consider how to do the upgrade silently or remotely . 
  this would be via microsoft documentation . 
  second , understand the specifics of your environment and what would be required to make what you have figured out first off work with the set up you 're working with . 
  your environment is going to provide different options and limitations than others . 
  this part is why you ca n't just find generic instructions . 
  environmental variables are everything . 
  typically not a single person job . 
  not really a quick/easy task either . 
  i think there 's a scene where wonka has one eye bloodshot and the other eye not . 
  strange little details . 
  if john key does have any principals it something along the lines of `` i think it 's right , therefore it 's right '' or `` it 's what i want , so it 's right '' or perhaps `` it 's to my benefit , so it 's right '' . 
  probably the most accurate would be `` fuck y' all , i 'm rich . '', 
  good thing our economy is n't largely tied to a single commodity . 
  oooh , wait ... 
  what 's the bet the chinese owned company is in the dark about local affairs ? 
  [ pillars of eternity ] ( http://eternity.obsidian.net/ ) . 
  good couple of hundred hours there . 
  nz is lucky to have her . 
  ella 's future is very bright , i ca n't wait to see it !, 
  million-to-one chances crop up nine times out of ten . 
  she 's not on fire enough for a peasant . 
  he 's not necessarily homeless . 
  he might just want your change , rather than a date night ? 
  or he might be well up for it , show up dressed up with his girl ? 
  is bad credit a real concern for you ? 
  i get the feeling if you 're a poor student , by the time you might actually be interested in serious credit , the bad credit will have lapsed . 
  anyways , talk to the citizens advice bureau as mentioned , they 'll sort you out . 
  thanks for the response anyway . 
  can you say more ? 
  unfortunately i can not make changes to the network , only my desktop . 
  i can not directly ssh to the database server due to network configuration , over which i have no control . 
  i need first to remote into an intermediary gateway . 
  that 's romantic , but surely detached from the experience of many . 
  `` shield up ! '', 
  yes , that was the bit i needed thanks , i found [ these instructions ] ( http://realprogrammers.com/how_to/set_up_an_ssh_tunnel_with_putty.html ) yesterday . 
  i am still having problems , but i think the issue might be with the mysql setup . 
  if you 're interested the connection goes :, 
  that is i connect to the gateway via putty then within the gateway i ssh to the dbserver . 
  in putty this shows me as lightpeedius@dbserver . 
  when i set up a db connection to 127.0.0.1:3306 i get the error :, 
  lost connection to mysql server at ` reading initial communication packet ' , system error : 0,
