  the us approach to drugs is draconian without any help from any nsa-style snooping as you say . 
  denial is a powerful force . 
  only around elections these days it seems . 
  given the secret nature of the agreement , can we do better than conjecture ? 
  it seems like we 're being expected to accept any outcome of the agreement , how it impacts us , without any opportunity to have a say . 
  i 'm pretty sure stats still show maori are disproportionally prosecuted for cannabis offenses , so there 's that . 
  i imagine it depends on where you live , how you behave , the coppers who caught you , all that business . 
  this is like the definition of tragicomic . 
  how did they decide to undertake the raid ? 
  cop1 : `` hey this old fulla has assaulted by some maori . '', 
  i know where we can find some maoris !, 
  oh , sorry , i did n't realise you had some facts to back up your claim poverty does n't exist in nz . 
  please , i 'm eager to see what refutes both national and international investigations into the state of poverty in nz . 
  excuse me , you mentioned facts ? 
  can i see those facts ? 
  the facts i 've seen contradict your statements . 
  you know , facts gathered by organisations like the un . 
  hold the phone , were n't you the one who said they had the facts ? 
  that the facts say there is no poverty in nz ? 
  where are those facts ? 
  here 's a link i found with a quick google search :, 
   it said a quarter of new zealand children were under the standard 60 per cent income poverty line and , of those , 10 per cent were in severe and persistent poverty . 
  now you might have some critique about what i 've linked . 
  i 'm sure you include facts with your critique . 
  then you might consider learning about institutionalised racism . 
  that maori are over-represented in the justice system is not about individual racist cops . 
  i do n't follow ? 
  if you have a point to make , make it . 
  i hope it includes some facts . 
  you still seem to be dodging those . 
  which does n't surprise me because i 'm sure you do n't know the facts . 
  easy enough to prove me wrong , eh ? 
  ah , i see we 're making up our own definitions of poverty now rather than generally accepted definitions ( note how we 're not longer talking about poverty , but this concept you 've just now introduced of `` absolute poverty '' . ), 
  i guess you understand :, 
   10 per cent were in severe and persistent poverty . 
  to mean `` doing just fine . '', 
  and still no facts . 
  got the wicked grumbly guts . 
  the question is was it something still lurking in the fridge that beset me with my ailment . 
  how do you even get started on a job like that ? 
  how much downtime did that say was acceptable ? 
  a week ? 
  a month ? 
  i get your point , but the story seems to suggest this fellow should have been off the road sooner :, 
   his brother had been driving erratically and had been complaining that morning of pain in his legs, 
   without knowing the details of the alleged assault , it 's difficult to call this one . 
  i 'm amazed that you 're so quick to jump on this though . 
  what 's your agenda ? 
  i can appreciate a reaction against a person using a hot topic issue to deflect from the consequences of his local community 's response to his actions . 
  the reality is we know about as much as his ejection from this club as these assault claims . 
  yes , it 's a strange japanese / `` pirate '' blended menu . 
  they 're definitely busy sometimes but like a lot of the cafes around there , it 's often quiet . 
  slater is the head priest of the secular right-wing in nz , a voice for those who do n't have religion but still need to split the world between good people like themselves and bad people who cause all the problems . 
  i 'm not surprised you ca n't find anything , a lot more cases go through the courts than get reported in the media . 
  i wish our media would loudly report on the stats of such cases , even if we ca n't report individual cases . 
  i think the truth is too shocking though . 
  or just as bad , teaching their particularly flavour of christianity as christianity itself . 
  and thus grow up believing any christian they meet has the same values and beliefs they were taught in school . 
  hahah , you 've soooooo missed the sarcasm in the above post . 
  i wish the same could be said in auckland . 
  seems like the council might be saving the commune from itself ... 
  teach me master . 
  why not both ? 
  seems like the community enjoys having them there . 
  where is this place ? 
  white lady makes good burgers . 
  most other places make unappealing or `` fancy '' but not delicious burgers . 
  i did n't realise people were . 
  let 's hope the council has their finger on the pulse then !, 
  hahah , i know the feeling !, 
  if the burgers are truly excellent , it 's not waiting but rather communing with fellow burger devotees . 
  when it says the woman has sued this medical center , does that mean a judge has accepted the case , or that they 've just initiated the process ? 
  it does n't makes sense to me that this would reach the courts , but i do n't know the local justice system . 
  everyone needs more larry david . 
  this gif was the longest version of this i 've seen . 
  but now i have the video !, 
  thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  i think it counts extra . 
  i think it 's gets the message across that he 's used to handling a leash . 
  was it trying to go over or through i wonder ? 
  either way , definitely overestimated its power . 
  it 's the leap right before the fence that makes me reckon there was some kind of plan . 
  true dat . 
  it 's not a huge offence . 
  and there are more cost effective approaches than jail . 
  i 'll use actual birth control and enjoy sex instead . 
  i 'm assuming its adsl . 
  no problem with snap in my part of auckland . 
  probably a local issue . 
  isolate , test with alt hardware over lan ( i.e. 
  not wireless ) . 
  if no improvement call snap , detail your testing and ask for a truck roll . 
  the chorus tech will sort you out from that point . 
  i get the feeling nick smith is n't sorry for being a man !, 
  edit : a word . 
  oops , typo , meant to say is n't sorry . 
  he seems quite happy to swing his dick about . 
  aw , do people have interests that are n't your own ? 
  that means they 're anti-you !,
