  the universe is what ? 
  i guess you do n't get paid call-out rates , huh ? 
  if i saw inadequacies that could be addressed , i would raise them and detail the potential consequences of not addressing them . 
  if those consequences came to pass , i would shrug and get on with my job . 
  i 'm good at being stone faced to people who try to get me to respond to their distress . 
  so it does !, 
  thanks . 
  it 's her twisted ego that seeks the benefit . 
  our egos are terrible decision makers . 
  i assumed this was 3m . 
  seems like the kind of thing they 'd make . 
  aww ... 
  i mean , beautiful , wonderful people do dumb stuff too . 
  but i 'm sorry for whatever unhappiness someone 's dumbness is putting you through . 
  i am a bit jealous actually , it 's been awhile since i 've managed to get myself into a relationship where i could be hurt . 
  `` do no harm - unless the government says it 's ok . '', 
  i do n't usually jaywalk , i 'm not usually in that much of a rush and standing around beats trying to get traffic right and avoid embarrassment ( and the occasional death ) . 
  \u2665 ascii codes . 
  they need to test rogan for peds . 
  not recreational drugs , just peds . 
  his head and hands can only get so big !, 
  jan solo . 
  i think the sinister nature of this government is its willingness to shaft the most vulnerable in our communities , by action or inaction . 
  this is plainly observable , no conspiracy theories required . 
  i was surprised when this was n't the post . 
  so these glasses have some kind of low friction bottom ? 
  or directional friction ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't know what / r/auckland has against flatmate ads . 
  / r/wellington is much more supportive . 
  because you 're desperate . 
  no shortage of such people in our society . 
  by national 's measures , things have gotten better . 
  and things have gotten better . 
  but not for everyone . 
  statistics have to be gathered by paid researchers . 
  national controls the purse strings and there is plenty of anecdotal as well as observable evidence that national has been putting out the word that it does n't want bad news . 
  there 's plenty of compelling evidence that national are willing to use underhand tactics to maintain their power base . 
  there has been a consistent trend in the media of stories about the distress being experienced in our community mental health services , particularly rape crisis services that have chronic waiting lists . 
  paula bennett offered some funding for rape crisis services only after nearly six years of national being in power and only enough to stabilise destabilised services . 
  she said it slipped through the cracks or some such thing . 
  if a society has a canary in the coal mine about the state of its health , surely it 's those most vulnerable to and least valued by society . 
  worked for a software company that sold booking systems for publicly available computers to libraries in the us . 
  there was an interesting requirement that came up for a bunch of libraries around the same time that the system cleared all historical bookings every 24 hours . 
  the reason being they did n't want to be vulnerable to targeting . 
  it 's probably moot now with what 's available to track . 
  that whole race was nononoyes for team orcale . 
  down 1-7 , win 8-7 . 
  thanks to a day off allowed by team nz which orcale used to copy some tech nz had in place , except they allowed it to be digitally controlled where as nz 's was manually controlled which they though was the spirit of the race ( human power not machine power . ), 
  still no power at home . 
  at work today in trackies and t-shirt ( usually dress pants/shirt/shoes ) . 
  at least there 's a shower here , should have remembered to bring hair product though . 
  at least we 've got gas at home , will be able to cook up some of what 's defrosting in the freezer tonight . 
  it 's more like i 'm dressed like one of the developers . 
  i think it 's chicken in the freezer . 
  and ice cream . 
  i thought that was broil 's bringing olivia into the `` pattern '' investigation ? 
  i thought peter 's past was simply there to demonstrate his level of ability , and provide specialist connections later in the series . 
  lolz , quite . 
  the idea in of itself is surreal . 
  :p well done . 
  i stopped watching cause charlie . 
  she was too dense , too gratuitous . 
  nzlabourhire.co.nz is probably your best bet . 
  only if they were difficult enough to set up that the person would have to be at least smart enough to know not to run it inside . 
  sorry about your employment laws . 
  some people , beneficiaries or otherwise , would no doubt benefit from various kinds of hygiene and personal health activities and skills . 
  it 's horrible that losing your job automatically lumps you with people who have these kinds of struggles . 
  i probably could argue with those results if i saw the data and collection method . 
  no research is flawless . 
  i think a few over at / r/powerwashingporn would love to spend a day at this location . 
  found [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2igf9n/tried_out_my_new_phone_in_the_park_near_my_house/ ) . 
  first thing i thought when i saw it was how awesome it would be to powerwash . 
  the police and the court are separate institutions . 
  well , they 're supposed to be . 
  in suppressive regimes , not so much . 
  they 're little delicious ninja !, 
  i do n't get `` i do n't take cries for attention seriously . '', 
  usually people cry for attention when they have n't figured out any other way to get it . 
  people need attention . 
  fantasy type steampunk is about as practical as magic . 
  i ca n't point to any , but i 'm sure there are definitely good examples of alt-timeline technological developmental paths that are very interesting and produce items could be considered plausible in the particular context they exist in . 
  when i was training as a therapist , personal mental health issues were n't considered a barrier to training , and in fact the insight such a person would have about their experience was considered valuable . 
  assuming of course any such issues would n't impede one 's ability to practice as a therapist . 
  it was expected all students would be developing and applying self care skills as well as accessing supervision to reflect on experiences in both training and practice . 
  it sounds like this might be something to talk about ? 
  i would be very concerned if you did n't feel safe doing so . 
  still overcast . 
  maybe some clear sky coming about though !, 
  could have been this maybe ? 
  i think the concept of [ projection ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_projection ) , how we engage in it and what sense to make of it ( both as the one projecting and being projected upon ) would provide great value to many if it were taught . 
  but i doubt high school students are sufficiently mature to grasp the concept . 
  so i dunno . 
  ( the wiki link is to demonstrate the concept , however i do n't think it 's really possible to grasp the concept with the wiki article alone . ), 
  harley is my favourite dc character . 
  i love it that she is/was a psychiatrist . 
  is there any background on her training and all that bizzo ? 
  this has to be in my top five favourite episodes . 
  great moments from beginning to end . 
  `` they do n't even skeeks spenglish ! '',
