  gender is a point of difference , it is not a * critical * point of difference , except that we 've made it so . 
  or at least the powers of history have made it so . 
   a salient argument . 
  that was my favourite . 
  it 's basically asking if you 're a bit obsessive , a useful quality in many roles . 
  i doubt you need to respond to that specifically , but you should have an idea of what to talk up . 
   my grandfather died thinking i was not trying hard enough . 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  those controlling the resources that could be used to carefully investigate prefer spend our money elsewhere . 
  and any alternative research that demonstrates something our government wants to ignore can be written off as `` special interest '' and `` fringe '' . 
  it 's a shame / r/shittyrobots is n't taking submissions for non-physical robots any more . 
  maybe they never thought about it ? 
  i hope * you 're * joking . 
  certainly individuals might demand it , but our population as a whole seems indifferent , or only demands more robust research so existing research can be ignored . 
  i think the current knowledge vacuum is somewhat intentional . 
  the status quo suits national and many of its supporters , commissioning research that might suggest we have to make changes would n't make sense for them . 
  it would be like carefully researching how many kids go to school without their basic needs met . 
  if we find out things are dire , all of a sudden national are on the back foot . 
  it 's best for them ( and terrible for most nzers ) for us to remain in the dark . 
  recent history is written by the winners , but with time winners fade away and the truth can be uncovered or at least falsehoods dismissed . 
  there are plenty of things historical winners wished to keep hidden which is now revealed . 
  rather what happens is consequences fall upon the vulnerable , not the powerful . 
  for the longest time i could n't stand the hulk because he magically gains mass from no where . 
  the energy to produce that mass would probably leave a crater the size of ny ( cause it 's always ny ) if released at once . 
  buuut , i really like mark ruffalo 's portrayal , so i let that go . 
  the fact we do n't have this data and there appears to be no current initiative to generate it suggests that no one expects this to have been researched . 
  labour can only make claims on the data they have , like the rest of us . 
  they 're not in a position , do n't have access to the funding which would produce this research . 
  like the rest of us . 
   the general public , who expect substantiated statements . 
  politics clearly looks very different to you and me . 
  apparently nz is assured right now that children do n't go to school hungry because ms parata made a phone call to some random schools and they told her they did n't have a problem with hungry children . 
  i see no general demand for more robust data . 
  it 's an issue that we keep brushing under the carpet . 
  if so , i need 10 bottles . 
  i seen 'd this one / u/gallowboob !, 
  that 's cool , you 're still cool . 
  my answer is pretty much the same for these kinds of questions : psychotherapy . 
  maybe 1-on-1 , group work , or both . 
  most communities have organisations that offer these services , ranging from free to very expensive . 
  we are all incredibly complex yet are prone to seeing ourselves and others simplistically . 
  i think what might help is better insight , both into the general human experience and your particular experience . 
  one thing specific to your circumstance , if you 're not interested in your own kids , as you age there will be more and more single women in your age group who will have adult/near-adult children that you wo n't have to parent yourself . 
  so i think your main aim might be working on your capacity for depth in relationship rather than worrying about who wants children . 
  and perhaps you may find what resolves your intimacy issues also makes having children more appealing . 
  good luck . 
  do n't deny your agency . 
  humans have a capacity that no other creature has : to observe oneself and decide if that 's the self one wants . 
  change is absolutely possible . 
  but only the change you want . 
  well , most models of psychology would suggest something in your past is generating this behaviour . 
  delving into the past , reviewing your development from an adult perspective can provide critical insight into your motivations . 
  re-processing the conclusions you came to as a child with your adult capacities can be a great driver of change . 
  however this is n't the only approach . 
  behavioural analysis for example might help you understand what leads to the precise moment you choose to leave a relationship , and what different decisions might you make . 
  ultimately you need to figure out what you really want and then commit to achieving that . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought this whole business was about labour being racist ? 
  well an employer would definitely pull shit like that . 
  it 's easy enough to find instances of worse behaviour . 
  so that half you 're wrong about . 
  the half you are right about must be op making it up for karma . 
   everyone is talking about the chinese . 
  yes , it 's a topic that has been going on in international media for months , because shit is going down in china right now . 
  it would be no different if the purchaser names were largely us american , but the residents were largely pakeha and pasifika . 
  that 's just the title of the gif . 
  perhaps they were first put on at the clinic , taken off for the drive to lunch , put back on when settled down for lunch ? 
  kid once again is amazed and happy . 
  some people say that . 
  it 's empirically proven to be incorrect . 
  people can and do indeed experience long term change . 
  i certainly have , my goodness !, 
  one of my most gratifying recent experiences in recent times was meeting someone i had n't seen in decades who did n't initially recognise me . 
  when they did recognise me their response was `` woah '' . 
  i 'm definitely not suggesting you change into someone other people would be happy with . 
  i 'm suggesting that if you want something different for yourself you can have it . 
  even if all you want is to be satisfied with your life as it is . 
  maybe you 're quite happy with being a real mess ? 
  i definitely known people who are and i respect them for that . 
  it 's not easy work , but i 'm not sure of anything more worthwhile in life . 
  that said , there are actually some pretty straightforward techniques for getting insight into oneself and more agency quickly . 
  mindfulness practice is one such technique . 
  if you ever do decide you want to pursue this path , definitely take a look around your local community . 
  i would be surprised if there are n't cheap or free community groups around . 
  not all will suit you , but any that are committed to a non-judgemental approach should offer something helpful . 
  it 's the end of the age of the gun . 
  [ drones will cause an upheaval of society like we have n't seen in 700 years ] ( http://qz.com/185945/drones-are-about-to-upheave-society-in-a-way-we-havent-seen-in-700-years/ ), 
  do one thing and do it well, 
  elon musk 's ex-wife suggests we master two things and ... 
   bring them together in a way that will a ) introduce hot ideas to each other , so they can have idea sex and make idea babies that no one has seen before and b ) create a competitive advantage because you can move between worlds , speak both languages , connect the tribes , mash the elements to spark fresh creative insight until you wake up with the epiphany that changes your life . 
  they 're struggling to get richer . 
  poor guy has no choice but to sell those homes and cash in on the steep rise in property values . 
  totally a caretaker government , skimming what they can off the top . 
  i mean tilting policies towards a pay off for them and their mates , as much as they can without upsetting voters . 
  and using their position of authority to shut down who might complain about any wrong doing . 
  or preventing their bad behaviour or unflattering data from being revealed . 
  collins seems the most direct about this , but there are plenty of resigned portfolios and positions where national members went a step to far and also got found out . 
  collins . 
  look into her dealings and tell me that this is n't a reasonable perception .
