  i 'd rather look after the people in my own community , if only because these are the people i am going to encounter . 
  you give the monotheistic religions too much credit . 
  you need to look at early mesopotamia to see how religion got underway in its full swing i think . 
  it 's not australia we owe the favour to but ourselves . 
  it 's much cheaper to reach into our pocket to help out now , than to pay to clean up the mess later . 
  there will be personal disasters , which will ripple throughout our social fabric . 
  you speak of them as if they are coherent systems , or organised groups , which they absolutely are not . 
  no , no , not at all . 
  religions reasonably grapple with a wide variety of existential issues which require an answer for one to be able to face the world , with the world providing no such answer . 
  it is a very distressed community that is reduced to `` my god is god , your god is not . '', 
  can you give some examples ? 
  wicked !, 
  i did n't think you needed a reason to fire someone in the us ( unless you manage to get a contract that says otherwise . ), 
  is that correct , or am i mistaken ? 
  those that do probably are n't in a position to do anything about it . 
  it 's a massive imbalance of power , one that inevitably gets exploited . 
  employees are far more dependent on their employer than vice versa and are far more vulnerable . 
  i think the pauli exclusion principle would apply in this case , making it impossible for two perfectly intelligent and rational persons to share a common knowledge . 
  there are yellow lines ? 
  and so we continue to reap the consequences of decades of drug hysteria . 
  what is this ? 
  last i checked a human fetus was n't even a species . 
  i see the end of your sentence ended with the word `` entities '' not `` species '' . 
  they belong to a species but are not species in of themselves . 
  the image shows three endangered species and then a non-endangered species , suggesting they 're equitable when they are not . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  a human is different from the other three in that it is not endangered . 
  it 's not an argument , it 's a fact . 
  an embryo is a life-cycle stage not a species . 
  i think you 'll find we value human lives far above that of animals . 
  if there was equity it would be very bad for humans . 
  the image is nonsense hyperbole that gains the applause of those already supporting the idea and derision from those who do n't . 
  it gets us no where . 
  that 's a non-comparison , equating individuals with entire species . 
  yeah , we watched it in high school . 
  amazing , disturbing movie . 
  failed species or destroyed species ? 
  and i suspect children raised by parents who do n't want them have the least chance of reaching any kind of intellectual godhood . 
  you must still wonder if light is a particle or a wave if you think the nature vs nurture argument is current . 
  say again ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean really . 
  you do n't water a crop , the plants are n't going to thrive . 
  you do n't love a child , nor will it . 
  this is empirically observed phenomena . 
  unfortunately there is an abundance of data as to what happens to children in all the different ways they can be neglected . 
  now i do n't offer any arguments for or against abortion , but yours seems to be lacking . 
  if maximising human potential is your primary concern , the enforcing full term pregnancies is detrimental to that goal , based on what we observe when full term pregnancies are enforced . 
  sorry , i 'm not basing what i am saying on ideology , feelings or values , this is simply what is observed . 
  just in case you do n't know what i mean , if you really care go to the effort to find out why infant mortality for orphaned babies was so high in the 1950s and is so low now . 
  guessing does n't count . 
  queens tavern near the bottom of queen st is a total dive . 
  how can the image state a moral equivalency problem if what is in the image is not equivalent ? 
  you ca n't equate saving an entire species with saving a potential individual . 
  that 's incorrect , equivalency can also be boolean : either the same or not the same . 
  an apple and an apple are equivalent and apple and an orange are not . 
  nonsense wo n't convince anyone of your cause . 
  but do we count what the politicians and their staff do as work ? 
   we 're not normally like this . 
  this is why an apology is needed , too much respect for mcdonalds in this country . 
  fair point . 
  hahah , i bet that pic is going on someone 's wall . 
  well done !, 
  that 's not even right at all !, 
  hahaha . 
  that 's some weird-ass old school library you got going on in there . 
  bound to be a forgotten mystic tome or two . 
  i would have thrown that egg to the ground as well . 
  can anyone recommend an android phone ? 
  looking at ~ $ 400 price range . 
  preferably something sold by the major cell networks , so i can get a contract deal , or otherwise something that has a good cost : quality ratio . 
  if national loses this coming election i think whaleoil 's antics would have played a part in putting people off the right . 
  so long live whaleoil !, 
  stuff nation was why i stopped visiting the website . 
  i find it really offensive actually , giving voice to uniformed people about serious issues . 
  it 's like stuff does n't see any difference between opinion and informed opinion . 
  i find reddit quickly informs the uniformed in most cases . 
  on stuff you could easily be led to think you are reading something meaningful when really its tripe . 
  then there 's that . 
  sweet , that 's what i got . 
  $ 299 by renewing my $ 39/month plan for 24 months . 
  got the n5 for $ 299 by renewing my plan . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i had to look up what a plinko game is to get this , but when i did , i laughed . 
  damn right . 
  i get the feeling `` nothing '' is much better than what it historically meant . 
  nah , we 've been together since before inflation began . 
  * sigh * - if only i could reach that kind of zen . 
  i bet a lot of people have never lived to say such words !, 
  do n't engage with people 's craziness , all you do is strengthen the crazy . 
  besides , secular society is n't perfect either . 
  these are n't battered onion rings , but they 're how i like 'em :, 
  slice onion into rings , soak in milk for at least 20 minutes . 
  mix a tablespoon or two of flour with some ground gsp ( dried garlic , salt , pepper . ), 
  coat rings in flour mix , the coating wo n't be thick . 
  fry in canola oil until golden and crispy . 
  nom . 
  is that you steve jobs ? 
  `` primitive withdrawal . '', 
  i noticed that also , and given the broad range of subs where this kind of content can be discussed , i do n't have a problem with steps being taken to maintain a technological focus on / r/technology . 
  what kind of route was it that had you picking up stranglers ?
