  well , you do n't seem to . 
  is it your understanding that when someone uses words , that the words completely and perfectly communicates what the person wants to express ? 
  okay . 
  if feel understood in most cases , but there are of course exceptions . 
  will you answer the question ? 
   you are now added to my list of thousands people i have talked to who are incapable of defining a god which is self consistent . 
  how about this `` definition '' of god :, 
  that i am having an experience is proof that something exists . 
  i call that something god . 
  i find treadmills have a fair bit of give to them . 
  much more than pavement at least , and more consistent than pitch . 
  unless it 's like some fancy country club course that 's been rolled out for the last 100 years . 
  i digress . 
   no the rational thing is to say i do n't believe your god until you present me with sufficient evidence . 
  no the rational thing is to say i do n't know if god exists . 
  that 's just not logical to say you know the answer to a question you do n't know the answer to . 
  you ca n't call an absence of evidence knowledge . 
   think about why this sentence makes no sense . 
  we ca n't have the word `` define '' without consciousness . 
  before there were consciousness there was no such thing as define so nothing was defined or undefined . 
  there is no difference between undefined and null-defined . 
  but lets move past that . 
  are you saying all that which humanity has yet to discover in the universe and fit with some kind of definition does not exist ? 
  that 's really ... solipsist . 
  no you did n't . 
   also the fact that you are experiencing something is not proof that something exists . 
  but that i can experience something , anything , demonstrates that * something * exists . 
  the whole thing that allows us to be having this discussion right now . 
  i call that god . 
  that is consistent with my other definitions . 
  you have no basis to say otherwise . 
  unless you can demonstrate it ? 
   finally what religion is this ? 
  what religion defines their god as `` the thing that i am experiencing '', 
  i 'm not sure how to explain spirituality outside of a religious frame to someone who seems to think only their frame of understanding is valid . 
  cya later , enjoy solipsism . 
  indeed , i think it 's been found a highly sedentary lifestyle with a very low calorie diet is sure fire way to extend life span . 
  basically you 're body does n't have to do as much work so it does n't get run down . 
  if that 's the kind of lifestyle you could enjoy ... 
  i digress . 
  i 'm not that convinced that running is so bad for the knees . 
  i 've know many in the 60s still running marathons . 
  i think though unlike smoking there surely must be a safe level of running one can do ? 
  our knees do n't just fall apart with a bit of exertion . 
  voltaire 's views on god must be confusing for you , huh ? 
  does n't look like he knows where to hurt first . 
  i would squeeze it . 
  even easier if you live in a country [ policed by consent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peelian_principles ) rather than ... whatever draconian shit you have going on in the us . 
  i was all , `` wow , mayim bialik looks a lot like blossom ... heeey , waitaminute ! '', 
  i think the government 's stance is clear : work is the way out of poverty . 
  get working lazy , bludging farmers !, 
  there was more than one was there ? 
  i just had a great time down that rabbit hole . 
  i 'm not fauxmosexual despite paranoid claims of dupe accounts ( and fauxmo playing along . ), 
  i think you might be confused knothead . 
  i should advise that despite fauxmo 's claims , they and i are not the same person . 
  can you provide more information ? 
  i 've recently experienced you as a liar who will make claims people are saying things they are n't . 
  that is fantastic . 
  i can only imagine what the workshops that produced this were like . 
  i guess i 'm not that interested . 
  you are of course free to believe what you like . 
  i think you 'll find evidence supporting your beliefs slim , but that does n't stop you it seems . 
  unfortunately they wo n't , so you get to keep your delusions . 
  i wonder if you could even accept the police telling you you 're wrong ? 
  i imagine you would decide they 're corrupt or incompetent . 
   wrong about what ? 
  wrong that i am the same person as / u/fauxmosexual . 
  there is no basis for your statement . 
  even if there was , you 're demanding people stop being human . 
  you 're saying that the system is more important than the people it supports . 
  i 'm saying having children is something humans are compelled to do . 
  in fact as resource stress increases we are compelled to have more children . 
  you are demanding that people deny this very human compulsion - that they should submit themselves to a system that apparently trumps their basic human needs . 
  if you do n't feel the need to have children , it 's likely you are well resourced and not having children seems like a luxury you can afford . 
  we are complex beings however , it may be many things . 
  but that does n't mean we ca n't observe general trends in behaviour . 
  the system we live in demands people work the system in exchange for resources . 
  no longer can people provide their own food , make their own shelter . 
  because all resources are owned and accounted for , protected by violence . 
  it sounds like the idea of us living in a system is strange to you , so i 'm not sure i 'm going to get anywhere . 
  however i invite you to look at how systematised our lives are , and what impact that system has on the various people within it . 
  i also invite you to consider history , consider reasons based in reality rather than judgement as to why some families are in poverty and others are n't . 
  i wonder what is the aspiration of a system that leaves people unable or unwilling to support themselves . 
  the truth is of course none of us can support ourselves , we all must depend on each other . 
  people who consider themselves independent are n't independent of our social and economic systems , rather they 're in a position where they can freely exploit them . 
  it does n't make sense because that 's not what i 'm saying . 
   as for the family - it 's obvious why they are in poverty , they are having children they ca n't afford to care for . 
  this is a claim you are making for which you have no basis for , other than your own musing . 
  you will not be able to find any academic in a relevant field that supports your claim . 
  frankly , it 's beyond child abuse to say that only the wealthy can reproduce . 
  it 's draconian , such a world would be a dystopia . 
  you 're ignoring history . 
  it 's like you think there was this grand blank slate day where everyone started off with the same and those who are in poverty now are there because of their choices and those who are rich are there because of their choices . 
  but that 's not reality . 
  we are all completely depend on the system . 
  everyone . 
  even some old guy living by himself in the ranges depends on the system . 
  he knows it 's very unlikely a roving band of thugs will show up because the system we have is very effective at maintaining order . 
  if what you are saying is true , then academics would have already picked up on it and there will be published works that support what you say .
