  we 'd probably be good at that . 
  just another group taking advantage of vulnerable people with no where else to turn . 
  we could try to offer the needy somewhere to turn . 
  but needy just means lazy , amirite ? 
  our economy is the work of far more than our political leaders . 
  it could be loose dogs in the area is n't considered acceptable given the sheep farming going on . 
  maybe it 's some kind of secret grudge ? 
  it 's not likely to be someone random , given the remoteness of the region . 
  watch homicide and treme . 
  [ zuthulu want more brownies ] ( http://pbfcomics.com/154/ ), 
  the french managed to ... 
  the first ~ 60 seconds of audio in this could be from the backing track in a level in diablo or something . 
  screaming and moaning from some horrorscape . 
  try different therapists , maybe try reading about different types of therapy . 
  maybe try group work . 
  you need to both grow your insight into your experience and your resiliency to uncomfortable experiences . 
  this takes time and commitment . 
  good luck , i hope the best for you . 
  i thought as partial justification for not considering cannabis law reform , key pointed out that cannabis is effectively decriminalised ? 
  citing understood levels of consumption vs conviction ( something like  % 1 of consumers are convicted . ), 
  so surely this is due to police not pursuing these convictions ? 
  is there a more serious source for this ? 
  brutal is the right word . 
  i 'm just glad my landlord leaves us alone . 
  i need ask for maintenance that is n't essential to avoid weeks of nonsense . 
  here 's a better source i eventually found :, 
  still better than the alternative of the vulnerable being completely voiceless . 
  violence occurs in our communities in volume . 
  getting it wrong sometimes is better than doing nothing to address this . 
   there is a minimal chance of someone robbing someone with a weapon getting rehabilitated . 
  both criminals and the communities they emerge from need rehabilitation . 
  indeed there will always be an element that wo n't join in , but the degree of crime we are seeing is above and beyond this . 
  we need supportive community services that are n't desperate for funding involved , making sure that people are finding the help and insight they would seek out if it genuinely existed . 
  instead we let people fall into disorder and despair , people who do n't need much , just a little genuine care . 
  and we need to stop letting such degrees of poverty and inequality exist . 
  who is going to want to rehabilitate into a society that does n't offer them shit ? 
  how calm is it normally ? 
  maybe it 's their mum that needs the help ? 
  maybe the time for help is long past for those cunts , but lets help the next generation avoid becoming cunts too ? 
  moon bandwagon forever 100 years . 
  this is an isolated incident of course . 
  no other public services are being neglected . 
  everything is great . 
  the economy is great . 
  our kids are fine . 
  the future is bright . 
  maybe this is a case where poe 's law applies . 
  i think this [ 1971 documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7juuccsou ) ( ~ 25m ) on burt is worth it both for burt 's stories and the 1970s kiwis that are interviewed . 
  fascinating man , absolutely . 
  definitely got up to some mischief , hahaha . 
  i 'd have health insurance under a labour government for reasons , but i cherish it under national . 
  tiki high ? 
  well that 's , uh , unfortunate . 
  good luck with , you know , everything . 
  their faces look like the giants out of attack on titan . 
  are they completely cgi or is it weird after effects ? 
  just because you 've done the easy bit of growing older it does n't mean you 've grown up . 
  your balls might be sagging , but you act like they 're still up in your stomach . 
  hahaha , well , there are no other giants in the series are there ? 
  surely if you know the series my meaning is clear , if you have n't my meaning is lost in any case . 
  saying titans alone does n't seem like sufficient context . 
  and saying :, 
   the giants out of attack on titan . 
  just strikes me as better than :, 
   the titans out of attack on titan . 
  some of us are a bit obsessive , alright . 
  probably not some big ship passing through , right ? 
  just some weird ocean phenomena . 
  maybe the butterfly effect from a storm on the other side of the world . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  i am fortunate enough to know very little of what mike hosking has to say . 
  the [ biopsychosocial model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biopsychosocial_model ) sees these things existing in a dynamic . 
  ego strength is a well developed concept that 's undergone considerable refinement . 
  it 's essential to most contemporary psychotherapy practice , and obviously all psychoanalytic psychotherapy . 
  [ nancy mcwilliams ] ( https://www.amazon.com/nancy-mcwilliams/e/b001k8darq ) is an obvious resource in this regard . 
  the vagueness is inherently useful if avoiding imposing a model or values upon a person is a priority . 
  i 'm curious , is your practice culturally diverse ? 
  i figure clinical psychology probably suits a monoculture well , whereas psychotherapy is more useful with a diverse client base . 
  but that 's a wild guess . 
  sometimes what 's right can elude us , often we have to be happy with what 's useful . 
  the way you frame your question suggests you expect me to know something you think i do n't . 
  my training is in psychotherapy practice , which in new zealand requires at least masters level training and registration . 
  however i am not currently practising . 
  i 'm guessing clinical psychology is the dominant form of mental health practice in your part of the world ? 
  sorry , i did n't mean to make it seem like i was replying to you . 
  i was directly replying to the parent post . 
  the user 's tag indicates expertise in clinical psychology . 
  the difference between clinical psychology and psychotherapy is n't precisely defined , as such there is much that is cross-discipline . 
  i can assure you psychotherapy is alive and well in the uk . 
  the uk has prominent clinics , the [ tavistok clinic ] ( https://tavistockandportman.nhs.uk/ ) is world renowned . 
  i 'm familiar with [ anthony bateman ] ( https://www.ucl.ac.uk/psychoanalysis/people/bateman ) and [ jeremy holmes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeremy_holmes ) off the top of my head . 
  indeed , [ the head of the psychotherapy school ] ( http://www.aut.ac.nz/study-at-aut/study-areas/health-sciences/psychotherapy/our-staff/postgraduate-programme-leader/keith-tudor ) i studied at is a professor from the uk . 
  i wonder if the fundamentals of psychoanalysis have been somewhat absorbed into psychology . 
  for instance karen maroda is a psychologist , but she 's published [ psychodynamic techniques ] ( http://www.guilford.com/books/psychodynamic-techniques/karen-maroda/9781462509591 ) , which clearly draws from the psychoanalytic tradition . 
  it 's a great book !, 
  i do n't know if what 's described in the book is what would be considered clinical psychology , but it 's certainly what i understand psychotherapy practice to be . 
  it just feels after the chaos we 'll reorganise into something even more punishing and draconian . 
  that seems to be the way it is right now around the world . 
   salted caramel sauce or strawberry sauce , recipes follow, 
  yes please !,
