  but national have shown such [ concern and interest ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/10319051/nick-smith-denies-bullying-fish-and-game ) in the state of the nz environment . 
  is it only one or the other ? 
  ca n't responsibility be shared ? 
  and if responsibility is carried alone , why does it fall on the influenced , rather than the influencers ? 
  the herald would get into trouble for suggesting such reckless behaviour . 
  surely ? 
  as after all the herald does indeed hold some responsibility for what it publishes . 
  rick is definitely rick c-137 , at least as far as the council of ricks was concerned in s01e10 . 
  corruption suspects/organ donors . 
  it 's interesting , although brandon small does n't strike me as a christian mythology type of guy . 
  i could be wrong !, 
  personality disorders do n't evoke much sympathy , but they 're still disorders . 
  hopefully we would n't hear about any such problems , patient confidentiality and all that . 
  thank updoot skeltal, 
  it 's deeply mild . 
  which i appreciate . 
  i certainly have small things in my life that infuriate me , but because i 'm obsessive , not because of real problems . 
   clickbait actually worked, 
   cause i 'm an idiot . 
  it 's more cause you 're a human , and other humans are using their knowledge of humans to exploit humans for profit . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  what has been hidden ? 
  there was nothing significant in the video , was there ? 
  is there some information that goes along with the video that provides context to explain what 's so dramatic about the video ? 
  that 's not what i 'm suggesting at all . 
  i expressed concern from the get-go about the vacuum of information . 
  i still am concerned . 
  what i 'm saying is , i do n't get the significance of the video . 
  being able to stand at the entry of the mine i do n't think is what is meant by `` entering the mine '' . 
  the video has only generated speculation from what i can tell . 
  were they in the mine though ? 
  or were they at the entrance ? 
  i can only speculate , which is n't helpful . 
  mostly it 's the filth . 
  there 's something about it , i just like to have the greatest distance as possible between me and it at all times . 
  i 'm a pragmatist , i put up with what i have to . 
  but if i do n't , i wo n't . 
  it 's just spam , right ? 
  one of those links you get paid per click or something . 
  the link hidden in the image . 
  you mean other than the discord.gg link ? 
   and all that water . 
  how the constant sloshing does n't drive you mad , i have no idea . 
  why post cat gifs at all , hoo man ? 
   i would think the good minister would have more in retort than this . 
  a good minister perhaps , but an effective minister ? 
  well , by virtue of holding the position , what they do must be what is most effective . 
  if anyone was doing better , they would hold the position . 
  i think it was this shockwave that really got me into shockwaves . 
  it 's one of the largest and most spherical i 've seen . 
  because life will be ever so horrible for those who fall behind and miss out ? 
  being able to get a student allowance would be good . 
  they cut off the allowance pretty much at the point you 've definitively demonstrated you 're effectively engaging in the study . 
  `` cunts '' was what i was thinking . 
  i doubt the council is run by teetotalers . 
   rnz 's board , its management and staff will be hoping the broadcasters ' performances are being noticed in the beehive . 
  the latest results are impressive when you consider the organisation 's funding has been effectively frozen for close on a decade . 
  i do n't know if this is a good idea . 
  informed voters undermines national 's power base . 
   there are close to 0 currently accredited psychotherapist training programs in nz . 
  there is the aut psychotherapy school . 
  qualifying gives your provisional registration . 
  i think if labour commit to an academic approach to mental health practice , they will be head and shoulders above national 's idealogical approach . 
  does it have much of a user base still ? 
  i played it about ~ 10 years ago , it was quite busy then . 
  recently i reinstalled it , but it did n't seem busy ? 
  amazing , horrifying . 
  that sounds like a good solution if you do n't really much enjoy people . 
  but guilt and regret suggests you feel something more . 
  i think you have some empathy towards people in your life . 
  you certainly have the option to explore other solutions if you 're not satisfied . 
  behaviour change is at the centre of human agency . 
  or you might feel like you 're already in the right place . 
  people need to decide : do they want to enjoy low density suburban living , or do they want to live in auckland . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  yeah , i was already working part-time to support my masters training with the support of a student allowance . 
  when that was cut i had to consider full-time hours ( that could accommodate my study hours . ), 
  i was n't sure i could withstand the pressure . 
  if the training did n't require me to work with vulnerable people , i might have tried to push myself through it . 
  but knowing i would have people relying on me , i could n't justify the risk . 
  they speak with some authority , as in :, 
   the authorities , the logic , and the empirical evidence all indicate that real estate taxes are not passed on - that raising the property tax , particularly on land , lowers the market rents . 
  they did n't produce the evidence , however you 're an authority on the subject who can say the empirical evidence they speak of does not exist ? 
  op made a claim and said something sensible to support that claim . 
  it was clearly an oversimplification for the sake of the context , but do you think they 're either mistaken or lying about empirical evidence ? 
  his style reminds me of [ john c. reilly ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000604/ ) . 
  national did n't cause the housing crisis . 
  many cities like auckland are going through similar ( e.g. 
  it 's a complex issue national is responding poorly to , but we ca n't say with certainty that anyone else would handle the situation better . 
  however national are directly responsible for degrading nz 's social sector against expert advice with obvious results . 
  youth crime has jumped dramatically as have mental health call outs being handled by the police . 
  the important thing is you vote , so that whoever wins will see that your demographic is voting and therefore your interests need to be considered . 
  so you have n't read the article then ? 
  now you 're talking . 
  it has value because it 's valued , same as with fiat currency . 
  instead of a government it 's the technical infrastructure that backs the currency . 
  but it 's got no future . 
  ethereum is the real future of cryptocurrency as it 's a solutions platform . 
  the copyright stuff terrifies me . 
  i understand it 's politically vogue to kowtow to large media conglomerates .
