  i was working for a dhb contracted service during the change of government . 
  i no longer work in that industry as a direct result of the change of government . 
  mainly because i do n't have the personal resourcing to deal with the kind of hell that exists . 
   no-one , no-one at all , believes that not helping rape victims is a good thing . 
  if you look at expenditure on rape victims , it has not decreased under national . 
  paula bennett stood up and admitted that rape crisis services had fallen through the cracks , after * years * of these services pleading for funding to match demand . 
  which is * increasing * . 
  at which point she committed funding that was described as sufficient to stabilise services - demonstrating that under the national government these services destabilised . 
  `` stabilised '' not meaning `` sufficient to meet the needs of the community . '', 
  this is far , far from the only evidence that national values power and the powerful and at best neglects the vulnerable , at worst gladly exploits them . 
  what do you think happened to all those people who sought help when these services were destabilised ? 
  these are n't people looking for help paying these bills , these are * rape victims * . 
  holy shit , and this is new zealand . 
  i mean , there is the mp who just resigned , the chair for the law & order committee who looks to be faces criminal charges . 
  under national it seems law & order is actually `` law & order '' . 
   no-one at all has ever said that if the richest are as rich as they can be , that wealth will flow on . 
  that is simply a straw man argument . 
  it 's not what 's said , it 's the emerging reality . 
  more and more resources are being concentrated into fewer and fewer hands . 
  and we 're told this is a-ok . 
  lolz , what argument ? 
  i 'm one of those who disagree with the `` click-baity '' headline . 
  we need people to trust science , [ not distrust it ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/01/30/americans-increasing-distrust-of-science-and-not-just-on-climate-change/ ) . 
  love how the cat just strolls off once it 's made sure everything is okay . 
  `` get the fuck out of my car right now ! '', 
  trackmania is some sweet software . 
  probably took them all of 1982 to render those scenes !, 
  probably a bunch of old letches looking to eyeball the girl involved ... 
  it 's the principle of the matter . 
  who the fuck do we think we are questioning john key or his government ? 
  hold old were you when you had your first sexual experience with another person ? 
  what was your relationship with them ? 
  i never knew primary literature was intended for public consumption ... 
  welcome to the future . 
  once upon a time you could make a mistake in public that really upsets you , express your upset in an embarrassing yet benign way , and all you would have to worry about was the memory of maybe a dozen people which would fade quickly . 
  now , your embarrassment could potentially be recorded and distributed for millions to see . 
  since when was disney anything but myth and lies ? 
  that would be problematic . 
  life has always been messy , trying to keep everything tidy only creates worse mess i think . 
  the best we can do is help people be aware of this reality and maintain clear legal boundaries of when one can expect privacy . 
   `` i 'm a massive germaphobe , he ca n't eat that ! '', 
  translated :, 
   `` i 'm always on the lookout for a free meal and an excuse not to tip ! '', 
  what 's a sexual image ? 
  if i take a photo of my sandcastle on the beach , post it on facebook and it turns out someone in the background is kissing their friend , have i shared a sexual image ? 
  awfully complex to define and enforce . 
  less complex : if you do n't want to be recorded is a sexually compromising situation , keep your sex to places where you can have a reasonable expectation of privacy . 
  what lousy bugger downvoted this ?!, 
  sheeeit . 
  biggest scandal ? 
  with so many to choose from , it seems difficult to judge this the biggest . 
  only the latest . 
  why not convert the heat energy to matter ? 
  if you can build a dyson sphere sure matter production from energy is a simple task . 
  i like that painting ... 
  i 'm all about bill gates too . 
  there are n't a lot of people in the world doing great things for something other than profit . 
  it 's no wonder the few that do generate such a following . 
  it is a bit strange at the end is n't it ? 
  the video is n't stopped but it seems like the shaking is much more than the movement of the debris . 
  the top of the house kind of just seems to float and the explosion stops progressing . 
  yeah , cause people in authority in the us are known for restraint in their use of power . 
  aww , that 's really sweet of her , giving you the opportunity to laugh at her and hang up like that . 
  / r/shutupandtakemymoney, 
  bravo . 
  only if you can pull it off fight club style . 
  it would be interesting to see where the bulk of skycity 's profits come from . 
  is it high rollers , or a volume of low income gamblers ? 
  perpetual motion machine here i come . 
  the wireless is good media . 
  i love their work . 
  i did , very much . 
  thank you for you contribution . 
  well , there was this guy :, 
  however i would think that high rollers just have more to blow - and are less impacted by losses . 
  huh ? 
  i was just making a joke . 
  are jokes rude or did i just make a bad joke ? 
  i did n't think you responded rudely , i was just wondering about the downvotes i was getting ( the post is currently tagged controversial . ), 
  ( i also did n't downvote you - have an upvote to make up for it . ), 
  i was n't aware actual ppms existed though ... 
  i thought the joke was fitting ... it 's a small leap to imagine a tube running from the top of the device for the water to travel back to the bottom , and suddenly omigosh perpetual motion ( which i 'm fairly certain would n't work ... ), 
  i 've often wondered about animal 's response to pain . 
  i 've seen my cats donk themselves in ways that would have me writhing on the ground with pain , but they just shake it off and move on . 
  thanks for your response . 
  can someone explain ? 
  thanks , i understand now !, 
  i thought anyone with cash in the bank not doing much would be interested in nz property ? 
  that kind of seems like the point :, 
   there are no disruptions : no car traffic , no pedestrian traffic , except for the occasional amazed and astonished looks from passersby at the scene unfolding before them . 
  and we , as they , wonder whether it 's all not a dream ... 
  thanks for the link . 
  she was operating under the local statutory authority . 
  however the information was irrelevant to the training , the important part was learning how to use one of those mobile defibrillators . 
  i am guessing your answer is that ecg really does look like it is on tv ? 
  good info , thanks . 
  so i guess the nurse was accurate in the sense there was no bringing someone back with a defib if their heart had `` flatlined '' , however such a person could still be treated with cpr and drugs in some cases . 
  cool , thanks for the info , today i am a bit more informed . 
  it 's an unfortunate double whammy . 
  heat obviously makes fires easier to take hold , it also makes people [ more likely to act out ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/14/climate-health_n_4568505.html ) .
