  experiences like when i was working with a mental health outpatient who was experiencing increasing symptoms , lost his job because of that , and yet could n't access public psychiatric services . 
  him getting the support of a cheap para-professional ( myself ) as opposed to an expensive professional suggests a funding issue . 
  likewise , peer-supervision in therapy , colleagues dealing with the conflict of trying to work with ambivalent sex abuse clients or letting them fall off and taking up the next one in the waiting list . 
  something that seems resource related . 
  i think if we care about child abuse we need to care about those raising children . 
  there 's just not the support out there for those in need . 
  i think i can understand where you are coming from . 
  i find one of the most difficult things to deal with in that place is the knowledge that there are kids that have it even worse . 
  i believe the kind information sharing and organisation that would have helped you in your circumstances is lacking because there simply are n't the will or resources to deal with the full scope of the problem . 
  tragically i think your experience is far closer to normal than anyone wants to think about . 
  what 's new about tricking voters ? 
  the right routinely works to convince people to vote against their economic interests . 
  their whole platform is a grift . 
  when i was a younger lad , honey puffs due to the delicious honey coating used to stick together in clumps and had to be broken up a bit to pour . 
  this was amazing bring back the good stuff !, 
  i wonder if fight breeds should be re-homed at all ? 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  the nature of fight breeds is that it 's easy to nurture their aggressive tendencies . 
  seems like an unnecessary risk to re-home a dog with a raised potential for violence without truly knowing what its developmental environment was like . 
  with a puppy it might be different , but a grown dog ? 
  being fucked up is definitely tiring . 
  you do science your way , they 'll do science their way . 
  everyone 's entitled to an opinion !, 
  edit : this is sarcasm , ning-nongs ... 
  just so you know the / s at the end of my post is a sarcasm tag . 
  this post makes me love the employment laws in the country i live . 
  employer <  employee relationships are much more mutual . 
  a capable worker who knows their rights does n't have to deal with this kind of nonsense . 
  the sarcasm tag was a direct effort to avoid that . 
  next time i guess i will go with / sarcasm . 
  well thank you for the helpful comment !, 
  i was never a fan of the hulk until mark ruffalo . 
  would be keen for a hulk movie with him . 
  at least national has coherent values . 
  that 's about the only thing they have going for them really , given their values are basically exploit resources for the benefit of the rich , considering what 's vulnerable is to be avoided wherever possible . 
  uh , he did already mention that his friend is a law student , your question is redundant . 
  but no one really cares . 
  people want to believe children fine , nz is a nice place . 
  something like this or perhaps some girls and guys fooling around , making bangs with chemicals . 
  from / u/crunchbang 's post it seems like they 're conditionally within their rights . 
  although if they were targeting you specifically i think they would have to provide a rationale else there potentially is an employment relations issue there . 
   also , in regards to alcohol , what happens if i have a box of beers in my car because i 'm going to a mate 's place after work ? 
  discuss it with the boss , perhaps get something in writing . 
  approach this as an attempt to be proactive , rather than being defensive . 
  i wonder what a better way to handle this would be , considering the difficult nature of this kind decision making process . 
  i do n't mind people throwing their spin on articles if they 're going to the effort of making a post . 
  if i want news headlines with a low level of spin i head to http://radionz.co.nz/news . 
  but to plan you must make decisions . 
  it sounds like they came to a decision and made an immediate notification of the plan . 
  communicating plans that might change ahead of time is fraught with its own issues . 
  i could n't buy one . 
  not from shame , or at least the shame of being discovered . 
  it 's just ... 
  i do n't want to give myself that much pleasure . 
  it would make me feel sad . 
  if i 'm having that kind of pleasure , i want to have it with someone else . 
  this is not a judgement by any means . 
   a united people happy to have work and happy to work hard . 
  i think you 'll find most of your countrymen and women happy to work and work hard , where there was rewarding work to do . 
  it 's a high paying job that would allow a person to raise a family on a single income today . 
  indeed , this is what is meant by `` conditionally within their rights . '', 
  being sufficiently resourced to raise a happy family would be rewarding i think . 
  yeah . 
  i guess the important point is the employer ca n't arbitrarily undertake searches because they wrote it in a contract . 
  but on the flip side if you give them reason to , they can . 
  upfront communication is always the way to go , at least if your boss is reasonable , which they are obligated to be . 
  `` mildly suffered '' , i like that description . 
  i do n't need to keep up with the jones . 
  to keep my family happy i could get by on modest means . 
  having to contend with low wages , a high likelihood of debt , high education and health costs in exchange for low quality services makes raising a family difficult on modest means . 
  well this castle is doing at least one thing for tirau : i now know it exists . 
  he did n't say us presidents . 
  there are presidents all over the world . 
  tell that to germany . 
  they 're nearly hitting 50 % of energy production being from solar sources . 
  student discounts have improved which is good to see . 
  last time i was a student , movies were $ 12.50 , student rate $ 12 . 
  is this an old pic or is planking just now taking hold in russia ? 
  that language gets around . 
  it 's the 3rd most spoken language ( after english and spanish ) in a number of us states as well . 
  to be fair , the uk government are the biggest beneficiaries of the crown and the uk has pretty much the best public health care in the world ( even better than canada ! ), 
  so , at least poor people in the uk may have good reason to wish the best for the uk crown . 
  the same reason we care about anything really . 
  because we want to . 
  only in places where the law is valued above people . 
  keep in mind condoms are n't just birth control , they 're protection from stds . 
  i would love to travel to iran . 
  persian culture is wonderful and fascinating . 
  yeah , seems like an alright fellow . 
  i have a ( university ) graduate level education , have a job that pays ~ 50 % more than the median ( in exchange for hard work ) , live comfortably , debt free aside from a student loan ( interest free where i live . ), 
  the thing is i know what is was that helped me achieve this and i know how big a challenge it is for others to access the resources that were available for me to exploit . 
  our governments do indeed owe people a great deal , as they makes great demands of us in order to maintain their societies . 
  freakin ' bear just had an ocean adventure !, 
  the only things that have value are what we value . 
  it 's a nightmare scenario where humans do n't value humans . 
  that 's what you 're talking about . 
  fortunately that is not reality . 
  but what you 're talking about is beyond what is being discussed here . 
  at least according to the latest commonwealth fund report out of the us : http://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/06/16/u-s-healthcare-ranked-dead-last-compared-to-10-other-countries/, 
  sometimes one must first look inwards .
