  i think the nz plate belongs to the folks who have the sailboat in the front yard , next to the walkway . 
  nice slice of paradise right there , take a few bentleys to buy that . 
  `` deeper , deeper ! '', 
  `` fuck i feel lonely . 
  hrmmm , what will make me feel better . 
  ooo , i know !, 
  drugs ! '', 
  it 's a tough battle . 
   i utterly and emphatically resist any further reparations for things done by people hundreds of years ago . 
  i believe the issue is the nz government meeting its obligations under international law rather than providing reparations for wrong doing . 
  i 'm pretty sure in most cases maori are willing for the past to be left in the past in that regard . 
  we live by rule of law . 
  if you want to leave rule of law behind , i suggest you move to syria . 
  i do . 
  the treaty of waitangi has status far above an informal arrangement a diplomat once implied existed , according to international agreements nz is a party to . 
  you have my report . 
   i 'm pretty sure in most cases maori are willing for the past to be left in the past in that regard . 
  i 'm not talking about `` international law '' i 'm talking about international law , a very real thing which nz has bound itself to which impacts our actions internally and externally . 
  you 're not making any sense to me , can you clarify your position ? 
  you have n't explained , you 've only said . 
  please , explain . 
  the part where you claim [ international law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_law ) is n't a thing . 
  although i am also curious as to which authority has absolute power within nz . 
  ah , the ole pick & choose . 
  you skipped this bit :, 
   treaties such as the geneva conventions may require * national law * to conform to respective parts signed and ratified . 
  however your statement was not that international law does not apply in this case , but rather international law does not exist . 
  pick a premise and stick with it . 
  yes , and our national law is coherent with our international obligations , hence the waitangi tribunal and so forth . 
  still sounds like picking and choosing . 
  i appreciate the treaty of waitangi act was not passed for the purpose of aligning nz with international law , but that was the effect . 
  i feel uncomfortable being a nation that pays lip service to law , particularly being such a small nation . 
  ignoring our obligations places nz in a much more vulnerable position in the international community . 
  certainly it lessens out authority , our legitimacy , our mana . 
  unless it 's all about power , in which case , we better learn how to be the most effective psychopaths we can be . 
  are things truly so grim ? 
   anyway , i see we 're not going to agree here . 
  thanks for the discussion all the same . 
  agreement is overrated in this kind of context . 
  we learn more about each others view in reasonable disagreement , as challenging as it can be to remain dispassionate . 
  i certainly value what you 've helped me understand better , particularly your perspective regarding international law and it 's role in nz . 
  i ca n't imagine you hold these views alone . 
   mr little , the labour leader , said everybody felt the urge to do something but : `` after 10 years of training of the iraqi army by the ... best-resourced army in the world , what is it that we can do now that is going to make a difference ? '', 
  what we add is legitimacy . 
  one more rich western nation on the side of `` justice '' . 
  and unlike the others , we 're not a big powerful nation stomping about the world , we 're lil ' ole 100 % pure nz , chipping in on a worthy cause . 
  i mean , is is sure fucked up , but what 's really fucked up is the collapse of the rule of law in the region . 
  is makes for good headlines , but there are all sorts of gangs and outlaws running about taking advantage of the situation , causing chaos and misery . 
  [ petraeus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_petraeus ) saw this coming and had a plan to deal with this collapse , a plan that heavily involved enabling local communities to fend for themselves - not just in regards to security , but providing their own livelihoods and justice systems . 
  but us politics prevailed , forces were pulled out leaving a power vacuum which has been filled by anyone who can get their hands on weapons . 
  now nz is being asked to step in and clean up the mess . 
  that 's the story that 's being sold . 
  come on . 
  clearly tax payer money is much better spent on avoiding eyesores than , let 's say ensuring the continued service of christchurch 's [ only rape crisis clinic ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/regional/248961/christchurch-loses-rape-crisis-centre ) . 
  priorities , people , priorities !, 
  i 'd love to see how the system handled error scenarios . 
  this is almost / r/justiceporn . 
  what a weak headbutt . 
  telegraphed to hell , hits her in the mouth . 
  no way that was going to be effective . 
  when i was working in community mental health , it was expected clients could get by on $ 50 for themselves . 
  this was pretty grim , particularly given the limited culinary skills of those i was supporting . 
  lots of weetbix , rice , packs of frozen chicken pieces . 
  `` okay , i think you can afford to splash out on a $ 7 frozen pizza this week . '', 
  i just checked , i live on $ 200 a week , which i feel mixed about . 
  on one hand it feels luxurious compared to what i know people get by on , on the other low food stress ( eating what i want rather than having to work out what i can manage ) makes working a challenging job much more manageable . 
  also , i 'm cooking just for myself so no economies of scale . 
  this is probably my favourite atomic blast gif . 
  it really transformed my understanding of the nature and impact of the blast , particularly how the mushroom cloud forms . 
  [ came a hot friday ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088876/ ), 
  and as you mentioned , quiet earth . 
  if you watch the video to the end , you 'll see images of the signage '' [ cyclists ] may use full lane '' . 
  so my guess is they had right of way . 
  life is a balance of risk and reward . 
  there are no shortage of human activities that are demonstrated to cause decline that are celebrated in our societies . 
  where i live you put on headgear while playing sport * after * you 've had a concussion . 
  not everyone has heard of the all blacks , but they 're very popular . 
  it means fake that shit . 
  will i get compensated for my driving around half of auckland because i waited until it was dark before looking for candles ? 
  agreed . 
  responding almost makes them correct . 
  his response did generate more attention after all . 
  how involved was nz in iraq and afghanistan , i ca n't recall ? 
  i 'm no expert , but i read a lot of different news and the real problem does n't seem to be isis but the breakdown of rule of law in the region thanks largely to failing to rebuild this capacity after those wars . 
  as i see it the defeat of isis is not complete until rule of law is re-established in the region , where local communities have at least basic security and access to justice . 
  because really isis is surely the inevitable result of this breakdown , there being plenty of gangs and regional warlords not affiliated to anyone or only loosely to isis . 
  the region needs help , no two ways about it . 
  i do n't think nz should get involved unless we 're going to finish the job . 
  i find that with hitchcock . 
  i figured out it in my case it was because i had seen all of hitchcock before ever seeing hitchcock , such a heavy influence he had on subsequent film . 
  except in the merciless side of us justice system does fight the just . 
  when the us justice system says `` not against you '' it 's because the other is flush with cash and power . 
  what is laziness , phenomenologically speaking ? 
  i think there comes a point where it 's difficult to discern between the symptom and the pathology . 
  for example perhaps early in development there was a problem that lead to fatigue , which in turn exacerbated the problem which in turn exacerbated the fatigue , and so on . 
  by the time the concern is investigating , the originating problem is unknowable . 
  could it be `` lazy '' is more a judgement than a description ? 
  i call myself lazy sometimes , but my introspection is so habitual i ca n't help but understand the reasons why i do n't want to do something . 
  it 's almost like it 's the absence of insight leads to the lack of action being deemed `` lazy '' . 
  what do you think ?
