  existing is the purpose . 
  i thought the national party was who all mentally incapable or incapacitated people voted for ? 
  see what i did there ? 
  i like your fish photography . 
  bullfighting is out but rodeo is still a massive part of some american ( north and south ) sub-cultures . 
  [ why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo0r930sn_8 ) is a very difficult question . 
  i would think judging parents as neglectful is an effort to avoid understanding . 
  by laying the blame on parents we get to fold our arms , sit back , happy with the knowledge that the problem is nothing to do with us . 
  we can be satisfied with spending our money on something other than hungry children , because the problem is bad parents and there 's nothing to be done about bad people except force them to the periphery of society , wait for them to die and go to hell . 
  right ? 
  the government feeding children is something you 've just introduced , maybe because this is the most obvious solution , or perhaps the least palatable ? 
  it might be a good band-aid while we wait for a generation of people that does n't include children who went hungry , but that does n't have to be the only solution . 
  personally i think we 'd do kids a solid by providing free , accessible , resourced rape crisis services . 
  maybe it 's like some x-files or fringe scenario where for reasons beyond explaining they 've got to get that much espresso in them ? 
  you may have contributed to saving the world ... or at least someone from a hideous death . 
  who is upvoting pubes , seriously ? 
  regret i never finished this ... that said , i still have the cube and game floating around somewhere ... 
  it would be dark . 
  not so much because who i am now , but rather what was going on then . 
  where does one run off to these days if they want to get away from more of the same bullshit ? 
  `` how to not be a dick '' also known as `` how to conform to my values '' . 
  that 's cool , with this rockstar economy of ours we can no doubt expect a brand new , high tech santa in a year or two . 
  gsd ? 
  great saint dane ? 
  it 's a troll . 
  i work next door to it . 
  the food i 've had is decent and not badly priced . 
  it 's just the menu is n't my thing . 
  some kind of japanese/pirate fusion ? 
  they 're doing better business than i thought they would , but it 's still not great . 
  there 's actually a load of restaurants in the area , but most of them seem to have poor patronage , i do n't know why new ones keep moving in . 
  haha , thanks . 
  tomorrow you will feel pain in places you did n't know you could feel . 
  well worth it !, 
  is it refurbished , right ? 
  very cool . 
  wow , that rubber and plastic held together well !, 
  i thought it would have started cracking by now . 
  and if he had a grenade he 'd be in possession wmds . 
  wow , that is fantastic !, 
  imagine what the invasive version is like ... 
  or none as the case may be . 
  can we make like , mega-wind turbines with new-tech materials at a similar pace ? 
  chuck them on shorelines when the mega-hurricanes/typhoons that will be coming to bear hit , harness the mega-energy and store it in mega-molten salt vats . 
  generate abundant energy , spare us from some of the devastating effects of climate change . 
  boom !, 
  q3a players , that 's who !, 
  we get cicadas in the summer time where i live , it does give summer a kind of anime vibe . 
  it 's cool !, 
  should i see a doc about an occasional stabbing pain in my foot ? 
  like when i lean forward or something . 
  is it death ? 
  yeah , could do . 
  maybe it will just go away ? 
  it does n't really bother me , i just wonder if it 's death a-creepin ' . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
  this will help :, 
  [ do numbers exist ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1egdch75spq ), 
  i thought this was going to be how he bought a garage then sold is a decade or two later for $ 66 million . 
  instead it 's an article about the potential of a knowledge economy . 
  do n't tell him . 
  damn , bet that took some sea life with it . 
  and maybe `` chubby '' does n't think of themselves as overweight and their cat died that morning or something . 
  self-image issues suck to be sure . 
  whatever we do i think we need some novel solutions to address auckland 's transport rather than looking at what has been done elsewhere . 
  we have a very specific geography , population spread and economy in auckland with a number of distinct challenges . 
  park n ' ride seems well utilised , perhaps we can investigate how this can be built upon ? 
  if you 're looking for some kiwi community vibe , check out / r/wellington . 
  we 're a bit grumpy here in / r/auckland . 
  welcome though , hang out with some backpackers or something , you 'll find some peeps to have a good time with until you get to know some locals . 
  i have an above average number of fingers myself . 
  10 if you include thumbs . 
   this kind of talk does more harm than good , especially when it comes from someone as widely idolised as musk . 
  the only harm is to some people 's pet research project . 
  i do n't seem any harm to humanity coming from a `` steady as she goes '' approach to developing deep ai . 
  unless there is some pressing problem that we 're absolutely sure will be solved by ai ? 
  the article did n't make any such claims . 
  all i hear is someone concerned about their funding . 
  ssshh , you 're almost giving me hope this whole thing might collapse . 
  are there any pics of anything being hit by this gun ? 
  how did they develop/test the rounds ? 
  this is the / r/upliftingnews equivalent of / r/morbidreality . 
  that 's morbid reality for you . 
  took me awhile to find i and u. 
  probably too late to get hold of any in time now though . 
  needs more chicken plucked legs . 
  better living through chemistry , eh ? 
  but perhaps the tag is in reference to the [ book ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stoner_%28novel%29 ) which has has a recent surge in popularity . 
  do you know if there are text versions of armstrong 's comments and musk 's response ? 
  i can only find video in my searching . 
  looks like it was n't much force behind the impact . 
  i was more concerned about his hands getting pinched between the blocks of ice . 
  seems like he was okay though . 
  good buddy nearby quick to lend a hand . 
  needs more puckled stomach . 
  you noticed , huh ? 
  needs more cro-magnon brow . 
  i think you 're fine short of tracking down a professional special effects/makeup artist !, 
  good luck .
