  i think there is a special relationship between the national party and us political forces . 
  us electioneers worked with key and national to win the election and now nz is taking on us style social and economic policies ( in the measure we will tolerate them - i.e. 
  policies that impact those with little voice to object . ), 
  along with flashy us style police raids . 
  this is a really good book that focuses on female orgasm :, 
  douglas , marcia and douglas , lisa ( 1997 ) : * the sex you want * . 
  new york , marlowe & co. 
  it has a fairly hardcore feminist approach ( of the academic variety ) which may be shocking to some . 
  the first half of the book covers various psycho-social aspects of orgasm , the second half largely focuses on the physical . 
  such is the nature of our blind spots . 
  democracy 2.0 . 
  i reckon only one country needs to bail for it to fall apart . 
  given the agreement was originally formed between singapore and nz , barely 10m people between countries , i reckon one of the nations departing would stall things . 
  i 'm still holding hope it will be my country . 
  people have all kinds of ideas . 
  not much value getting hung up on them ( or assuming everyone has the same idea . ), 
  do you know how in science we usually talk about the observable universe ? 
  if one were to define god as the whole universe , observable and beyond , would you still say there is no god at all ? 
  is it possible there is any other concept of god as anything other than what we typically conjure up as children ? 
   do you really think you 're going to tell the atheist something he does n't know or has n't heard of before ? 
  have you heard the one where god is equatable to the universe ? 
  keeping in mind that in science we typically talk about the observable universe , the universe being all , observable or otherwise . 
  abandon good and evil . 
  many spiritual traditions teach that trying to view life , god , oneself through the lens of good and evil is an ultimate folly . 
  abandon good and evil , seek reality instead . 
  so defining god as an orange makes as much sense to you as defining god as everything ? 
  you do n't see any subtlety in the difference between `` creator of everything '' and `` everything '' ? 
  i mean , i think i could find a number of religions traditions that would state `` god is all '' . 
  so god must remained undefined or defined as `` what everyone knows god to be '' ? 
  i find that completely unsatisfactory . 
  it 's bad science for one thing . 
  the thing is , you yourself can easily find examples of religious traditions stating `` god is all '' . 
  it 's the layperson definition that is lacking , the marvel superhero type god . 
  can you tell me of the commonly accepted concept of god ? 
  i have n't heard it yet . 
  everyone has a different story to tell . 
  also are you aware of the difference between lay and expert knowledge ? 
  like the difference between what a blue collar worker who goes to church on christmas thinks about god compared to a 70 year monk who 's whole life has been dedicated to their religion thinks ? 
  of course , you 're ignorant of or ignoring the fact that it 's a common amongst monotheistic religions to say something like `` god is all '' which is completely coherent with my definition . 
  did they break down crying `` i do n't wan na go ! '' ? 
  cause , damn , that seems like too cool a crew to be leaving behind . 
  it benefits the national party ? 
  or at least those currently running it . 
  jk has got ta get work somewhere when he finally loses the top job here . 
  i do n't think he 'll stay in parliament , nor do i think he 'll get a job working for the un or similar . 
  if he wants to make bank , he 's got to use his time as pm to make friends in really high places . 
   ms pecotic said the boy 's incredibly dysfunctional childhood , including drug and alcohol exposure , and a lack of treament for his brain injury , played a big role in what happened . 
  if the court accepts this , then will anyone be held accountable for their role in this child 's upbringing ? 
  normally i would assume these are sex workers . 
  but it 's russia , so who knows . 
  i might be wrong and time will tell , but i think being pm puts john key in contact with those in the highest echelons of power . 
  i 'm suggesting when jk is * no longer pm * is when he will make bank . 
  kind of like with helen clark . 
  i doubt she could have gotten her job at the un without being pm first . 
  or at least it would have been a longer , more difficult road . 
  if you ca n't be friends with yourself , who can you be friends with ? 
  cara was such a great choice for the role . 
  surely those comments will serve defence lawyers well on appeal ? 
  i 'm saying that when jk is no longer pm , no longer bound by public scrutiny , he will put his $ 50m and high level contacts to real work , to make serious cash . 
  what will be telling is jk 's wealth 10 years after he 's left office . 
  there 's a / r/shittyaskscience question here somewhere ... 
  i do n't understand what people do n't get about consummate v 's , * consummate !, 
  i do n't mind this so much when i was the one that fucked up . 
  but when i 'm fielding calls like this cause my boss is fucking up . 
  well , they can find another patsy , thankyouverymuch . 
  that 's cute . 
  if there is one thing that is true about rich men throughout history , it 's that they 're always eager to get richer . 
  even a cursory glance makes it clear that 's still true today , with rare exceptions . 
  nothing about jk suggests he 's one of those exceptions . 
  who said that ? 
  my definition is not new or unique - it 's just something you 're not familiar with . 
  you might notice that my post is tagged controversial - that means there are at least some others that share my view . 
  you sound like a layperson who is unwilling to consider something different to what you 've assured yourself is true . 
  i 'd love you to prove me wrong , i love this kind of discussion , if judgement and ad hominem is left behind . 
  the fact is , i do consider the universe to be god , something which is coherent with my belief system and epistemology , more importantly it provides me a way to understand my life , the world , existence in a way that has greatly enhanced my ability to function . 
  you call it dishonest to understand god this way , but it 's the basis for my life . 
  god is what exists . 
  i have an observable affect on the physical universe . 
  you do too . 
  i can tell without asking you do n't have any post-graduate university training in science . 
  this is n't an ad homenim attack , i 'm stating what is obvious from someone with such training given your response to my completely fair definition . 
  your response also makes it clear you 're not willing to budge from your preconceived notions , that you 're interested in maintaining your current understanding rather than considering mine . 
  prove me wrong . 
   we have a reasonably high level of trust and confidence from the public of nz . 
  got ta love them peelian principles . 
  perhaps i 'll try again . 
  god is * all that exists * . 
  the imminent and the transcendent . 
  does that help ? 
  throw me a bone , i 'm trying to communicate something difficult , show me you 're interested . 
  or if you 're not , just leave it be . 
  please do n't say i 'm refusing . 
  if you think `` they 're refusing to define god '' please instead think `` i do n't get what this person is trying to say '' , because that would be more accurate . 
  thanks for your consideration so far . 
  firstly , you are the one who introduced the idea of a conscious god . 
  i have offered nothing other than my definition . 
  to go further we would have to define conscious would n't we ? 
  if you were to define consciousness as what you and i experience ( not that we can be assured we experience the same thing ) , then i would have to say god is n't conscious as far as i know . 
  at least not in any way i can comprehend . 
  just like i doubt i could comprehend that time may not actually have a beginning and the universe and time began with the big bang .
