  it 's gets weirder when you realise you are continuously streaming/receiving large volumes of data constantly from/to those around you without saying a word . 
  i also knew that , although my source was significantly less robust : the movie donnie darko . 
  fascinating . 
  it would be a nightmare if he were auckland mayor is my initial feeling . 
  maybe penny would run against him if he seemed a genuine threat . 
  but now , delicious espresso forever !, 
  good to see judith is still a strong advocate for hypothetically standing up against domestic violence . 
  brand key , baby . 
  i 'm not sure how much natural beauty was on display in the pageant , going by the pics of finlayson . 
  the key word is `` natural '' . 
  manufacturing attractiveness can serve a person well . 
  yes , that is what politics is devolving into . 
  [ yay !, 
  i find that unsatisfactory . 
  exploring what is fun is a great way to discover what behaviours are wanted and unwanted : a crucial aspect of psychosocial development . 
  i suspect there have been and are still environments where children growing up would have their `` bad '' behaviours encouraged because they suit the circumstances the child will grow up to live in . 
  as such i wonder if we are evolutionarily primed to thrive in disparate circumstances and thus see children engaging in a large range of early behaviours to see which fit in the circumstances they are in . 
  cheeky . 
  jj abrams is on board right ? 
  this tells me it will get an intentional ending . 
  `` proper '' is probably a bit subjective , a la lost . 
  some people do n't even realise they have an internal experience ( working in criminal rehabilitation will teach you this if nothing else does . ), 
  instead it will be stiff leather , with metal studs , slightly too big to shove up our arses , which is where it 's going . 
  tree-fiddy . 
  it 's certainly not nearly as robust as serious academic psychological models , but some people find it helpful , which is the ultimate aim of such models . 
  horrible news !, 
  you mean i am going to have to put up with this song in television and movies again ? 
  maybe 99 % of your friends and those around you . 
  but the world is much larger , much more diverse than any of us can experience . 
  that 's not accurate at all . 
  jung 's work does n't benefit from the long history of research that freudian theories do , it 's still far more scientific than horoscopes and provides much greater utility . 
  they 're also known for being serious academics and our contemporary understanding of the human mind is hugely influenced by their work , especially freud . 
  i mean , [ freud 's wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sigmund_freud ) does n't exactly summarise his work as something pulled out of his ass , does it ? 
  [ final cut ] ( www.imdb.com/title/tt0162958/ ) is up there . 
  it 's a black comedy i suppose , but it 's more black than comedy . 
  popular press is about as robust as myers briggs . 
  you might consider more serious works such as [ introduction to psychoanalysis : contemporary theory and practice ] ( http://www.amazon.com/introduction-psychoanalysis-contemporary-theory-practice/dp/0415107393/ ) . 
  the authors are senior employees for government funded mental health services in the uk . 
  if you think they 're quacks , then you have to believe that somehow western governments have had the wool pulled over their eyes and that whatever real knowledge there is about psychology and personality has been pushed underground . 
  i should point out that i have studied this myself at university at a post-graduate level . 
  i have a number of books on a shelf just behind me i could refer to if i wanted to have a serious discussion on the topic . 
  maybe check out [ crash course psychology ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo4pmvb0r6m&amp;list=pl8dpuualjxtoprkzvly0jjy-uhoh9kvu6 ) . 
  it will give you a more genuine sense of the broad nature of the field , the controversies that have existed and how they 've been addressed . 
  my point is that the contemporary theories that are widely accepted and inform mental health practice across the western world , the * dominant * psychological models , are largely rooted in freudian theory , particularly in regards to personality . 
  how did you form your beliefs that you 're so sure of them ? 
  you speak like a layperson by seem to have the certainty of an expert . 
  it seems you think senior practitioners do n't know as well as you . 
  it 's not robust science , as i said , but it has basis in genuine clinical research . 
  you mentioned bias before . 
  our understanding of which has emerged from our understanding of unconscious thought . 
  which freud pioneered . 
  you 're using freud to reject freud . 
  have you considered your own bias ? 
  i 've always liked playing soviet . 
  it 's like playing the game in hard mode . 
  brits have kind of messed up that balance now , so i 've gotten quite familiar with wehrmacht . 
  they 're hard mode because you have to play them well to win . 
  it 's fairly easy to defend against various basic attack strategies of the soviets - i have n't found t34 spam effective unless i 've already managed to wither the enemy down in the early game . 
  and that requires sophistication or an inept enemy . 
  someone unfamiliar with this whole flag business might find it a surprise to discover this at the top of the sub . 
  i 'm against changing the flag because it 's a vanity project in a time of dire circumstances for many , as well as emerging dire circumstances that are going to impact all . 
  where in auckland are you ? 
   do you imagine there will ever be a time when all problems are solved , the books are outstanding and we 've ticked everything off the list so we can finally sit down and say `` good worm team , let 's have a kit kat and finally talk about that old flag '' ? 
  are those the only options are they ? 
  your point is clear . 
  my point is there wo n't always be so many , or such serious problems that we currently face . 
  and we need to be facing these problems with full force . 
  both our regional social and economic issues , and global issues particularly climate change . 
  the status quo is bullshit . 
  and this flag nonsense is intended to distract us from this fact . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  i would n't be surprised if the whole nation-state thing comes up for grabs as interconnection via technology leaps and mass migration occurs due to the consequences of climate change . 
  the concept of a flag for a state defined by a geographic location may become antiquated , who knows . 
  i drink a can of coke most days , and i go to the gym to put on weight . 
  i suspect nzers are much more active than the average redditor , we have an outdoor lifestyle here . 
  if i saw this animated , i 'd probably think movements were n't realistic of an animal . 
  shit rentals . 
  you can find somewhere nice , but you got ta wade through the crap . 
  higher price range is no guarantee of improvement . 
  my exact point is you * ca n't * spam conscripts at hmgs to be effective . 
  not unless you 've got some high-level micro and the opponent is over-reliant on them . 
  looks like a victory condition in a civilzation game : bind all countries together under your own trade regime . 
  / r/fellowkids, 
  i would argue it is unethical for a pharmacy to stock non-medical health treatments ( i.e. 
  alternative medicine . ), 
  if a pharmacy stocks it , i would assume it is a medical treatment ( which implies proven results . ), 
  people should be free to choose non-medical health treatments if they want . 
  by going to somewhere that does n't offer medical treatments , like their crystal healer or psychic . 
  it 's a source of regulated medicine . 
  if people want something else , they can source it from where ever they learnt of it . 
  a pharmacy is not a place to discover what non-medicine is on offer . 
  sorry , my previous statement could have been more accurate . 
  a pharmacy is the source for regulated medicine . 
  it 's not just a store , it 's an extension of the medical profession . 
  while it is legally acceptable to exploit consumer ignorance for profit , when it comes to medicine it is expected that consumers are protected from their ignorance . 
  when it comes to medicine , consumer demands are not paramount . 
  good science is . 
  selling non-medicine alongside medicine as if they were equitable is in my opinion unacceptable exploitation . 
  you reckon we should have let that holocaust denier into the country for the sake of discourse ? 
  the latter .
