  it 's a place holder for value . 
  which is why things get fucked up when the zeros on a spreadsheet appear to be of greater significance than the health of your community . 
  history is rife with examples of such fascination with figures going awry . 
  maybe . 
  however i do n't think that 's a particularly useful outcome to strive for . 
  it 's not simply homelessness which is the problem , but its increase . 
  it points to deeper social issues . 
  there is a difference between a baseless opinion like you have just offered an an educated opinion . 
  the nzherald disagrees with you :, 
  ah the ole `` i do n't know anything about what you know , but i want to keep my money so i do n't care . 
  vote national . '', 
  gee , nzherald are sure sending out mixed messages , we ca n't be surprised people are confused :, 
   the gap between the rich and the poor appears to be widening with the number of kiwis earning more than $ 100,000 increasing by nearly three quarters . 
  what i meant when i said the nzherald reported rising inequality in that graph :, 
  you ca n't fault people for being confused . 
  how do you tell a person that their wages are dropping and only the richest earners wages are rising and then tell them that inequality is n't rising . 
  ooh , you sound very interested in a reasonable discussion about the issue , i am very eager to engage with you on the subject . 
  i 'm unconvinced of your interest . 
  i am ready ... to stay at home wondering if i should have gone to the meet up . 
   this social site is going to reduce traffic and air pollution . 
  woah , woah , woah . 
  and to reduce costs . 
  * costs * dammit . 
  who does n't want to reduce costs ? 
  yeah , there are no shortage of measures which demonstrate the fucked up state of us society . 
  there needs to be something to highlight the `` alternative '' nature of the practice . 
  chiropractic practice being alternative medicine , or in normal language , not medicine . 
  do they get to run about in the forest ? 
  to quote binnie :, 
   `` from 10,000 miles away , it looks like a familiar pattern lawyers encounter . 
  it 's not uncommon among clients to keep going through lawyers until they find someone who agrees with them . '', 
  it seems he has our number , [ to quote john key ] ( http://www.listener.co.nz/commentary/john-keys-unhappy-week-at-the-bbc/ ) :, 
   he 's one academic , and like lawyers , i can provide you with another one that will give you a counterview . 
  because `` everyone '' has disdain for r/funny , rather than everyone . 
  you know , the `` everyone '' that is `` me and some other people '' rather than everyone , which is all people . 
  vicious use of a singlet right there , he deserved everything that happened . 
  do n't worry , soon enough there will be another labour slip-up of some sort that the media will jump all over . 
  like a staffer accidentally buying front instead of top loader laundry powder , something like that . 
  i need more convincing that such efforts would have an impact that is worth the cost . 
  i mean , how many tourists drive in nz without any problems ? 
  what proportion of serious accidents in nz are tourist driver related ? 
  foreigners causing problems is too common a trope in the media to consider seriously without compelling evidence . 
  i do n't know , which is my point . 
  even such a simple sounding idea will have complex costs and consequences that need to be carefully understood . 
  if i was a christian with kids , i would n't want some random punter educating my kids on what they thought it means to be christian . 
   but the current justice minister , amy adams , says she wanted to know exactly what is going on before deciding on what steps to take . 
  i think this is a smoke screen for avoiding spending money on something that is n't a priority for national . 
  national has had two terms already to find out exactly what is going on . 
  this is the rub of it :, 
   `` i do n't see how we can make in-roads into abolishing domestic violence unless we put significant resources in , but police investigate 95,100 reported incidents every year ( 2013 ) . 
  that 's about 260 a day . 
  how can you expect about 2.5 m a year to go anywhere near tackling that properly ? '', 
  that 's a tragic anecdote . 
  and there well may be a genuine issue which can be effectively addressed . 
  i just do n't trust it is because the news media keeps on telling us about it . 
  we can trust newspapers to tell us what we want to read , not to tell us important information we might have otherwise been unaware of . 
  i 'd be worried , but national has shown the utmost concern for the interests of ordinary nzers during its terms in government so far . 
   a chilling new terror threat targeting everyday shoppers, 
  government spy programs are the only thing having a chilling effect in this country . 
   i 'm going to tell them to diet and go to them gym . 
  when was the last time you told someone this ? 
  our mps can be quite hefty . 
  knee jerk much ? 
  meh , i think labour would have sent troops if they were in power . 
  and national would be taking the position labour is now . 
  i would say it 's a perception based on how i 've seen politics work in nz over the decades . 
  i do n't claim authority . 
  arg , mah shoes have come off !, 
  that 's a good point . 
  i think the situation was different , labour did send troops for training eventually did n't they ? 
  either way i may still be wrong . 
   but to dive really deep making the hull spherical can be stronger . 
  so the space between the orbs and the outer hull would be flooded to equalise pressure on the outer hull ? 
  or do the orbs somehow provide support for the outer hull ? 
  or am i just showing off my ignorance ? 
  i feel bad for my flatmate . 
  struggling with debt he accumulated due to being injured and needing care . 
  he bought a car with some money from family , a sensible toyota . 
  turns out the car was in a crash ( not surprisingly , undisclosed at time of purchase ) so needed significant repairs . 
  mechanic completes the repairs , goes to put the bonnet back on and discovers the bonnet is for a different model and does n't fit once the car is put together properly . 
  mechanic so far has n't been able find a bonnet that will fit , so it 's stuck at the garage . 
  so he 's currently enduring 2 hours commute each way every day . 
  might have to drag my ass out of bed early so i can at least drop him in town . 
  is n't this a core premise of [ dbt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectical_behavior_therapy ) ? 
  specifically the `` what '' skill `` observe '' :, 
   this is used to nonjudgmentally observe one 's environment within or outside oneself . 
  it is helpful in understanding what is going on in any given situation . 
  ah , 1969 , the last time the us was happy . 
  yeah , that 's the thing when you 're broke . 
  risk/benefit judgements are all skewed because not spending money when you do n't absolutely have to always seems like a good idea . 
  i think the remaining people trying to make meaning of the carnage would develop belief systems to help make sense of the majority of the world killing themselves . 
  at least , those who survive the disease and collapse of society . 
  wow , this is reality tv i could actually get behind . 
  john 's morbidity is something i love about him . 
  i particularly enjoy when he starts talking about death . 
  why indeed . 
  it 's a great question to ponder ( if you are in a healthy mental state ) , we can find lots of reasons why we bother . 
  geez , you have a strong stomach , no way could i read through all that tripe . 
  well done and thanks . 
  how do they put in place a 250kg mine ?
