  haha , that 's some green lantern powers right there . 
  what 's the smoke ? 
  vapourised metal ? 
  well , the image is technically incorrect . 
  you can balance a budget without spending cuts by increasing revenue . 
  if you had $ 100m in revenue generating assets i 'm sure you would have no problem increasing your cc debt by $ 100k each year . 
  cutting down trees like that is sad . 
  probably knee-jerk bs than any sound plan of action to address a genuine issue . 
  it 's not a perfect analogy , but basically the us 's worth and ability to generate wealth far exceeds its debt . 
  what has elon musk forcibly confiscated lately ? 
  are you some kind of masochist ? 
  perhaps like many they feel they work hard but still do n't have enough for themselves and thus feel embittered when they notice those getting it free and easy , without any real insight into the day-to-day struggles those dependent on handouts face . 
  so what you 're saying is if i find someone to screw me over i too can become a business magnate ? 
  so wealth spontaneously occurs and then it is forcibly confiscated ? 
  strange powers indeed . 
  nonsense . 
  oh , that 's well petty . 
  monkey has a full body lock by the looks , could be coming . 
  aw , you 're so cute all the way down there . 
  must be freezing in winter !, 
  what do folk get up to down there ? 
  i knew a girl from there who come up to auckland , but i do n't know much about the place . 
  feel free to share , [ serious ] n ' all that . 
  some say its distraction from the pit of emptiness that lies within , from being raised in a disconnected society . 
  or maybe it 's just me . 
  where 's a good place to get pre-made net curtains in auckland ? 
  i suppose i could post in / r/auckland but it seems a bit lame . 
  i think this is a universal experience . 
  i guess lsd treatment can no longer be considered a weird therapy of the past !, 
  for me too , but only cause i slept with a hot girl there once ( well , several times . ), 
  i live in auckland , new zealand though . 
  it 's a pretty sweet jacket !, 
  winter is on its way down south , keeping my eye out for good styles but have n't spotted anything i like . 
  this is cool though . 
  that raccoon looks wigged out . 
  fascinating post , i like it . 
  i would like to point out that a helpful therapist will not simply tell a man to forgive a cheating woman . 
  many will of course , depending on the ( your ? ), 
  local culture and values . 
  many however will simply work with what 's within the man 's power , focus on their role in the relationship , their needs , and what was it about them that led to having a cheating partner . 
  not in the sense of `` you did n't give her enough hugs so she went elsewhere '' but more of a `` what is it about you that led you to choose a woman not really interested in you '' or whatever it is the therapy has revealed . 
  and often that will be because the man is not sufficiently connected to `` the real '' as you say . 
  of course , we can never be completely connected to `` the real '' , which is what makes it so wonderful in my mind : there is always more to pursue . 
  some triggers will be resolved others will be coped with . 
  it varies from person to person . 
  there are complex interactions between various other aspects of the person 's life . 
  an isolated person with ptsd and a person with a supportive community will likely have to deal with quite different issues even if they both have had similar traumatic experiences and manifestations of the disorder . 
  well that 's got to be all kinds of heartbreak for a lot of people . 
  symbolic of our enslavement to marketing ? 
  glory and gore or biting down . 
  you reckon your folks got the place cheaper because of its condition ? 
  seems like a no-brainer to clean your house to make it as attractive as possible to potential buyers , but then again housing markets are weird . 
  continuing to confuse cause and effect ... 
  hahah , so late . 
  tagged `` not mike hosking '' . 
  aw , he looks like he needs a hug in that pic . 
  i 'm not sure why hosking needs to apologise either . 
  publicly exposing oneself as an idiot does not require an apology . 
  it certainly was reckless allowing the driver on the road , but allow them we did . 
  really ? 
  i do n't kill people because i like people and murder is far too dramatic . 
  cash in the bank and a butler to drive me about would n't change that . 
  i totally did n't realise you were n't serious . 
  ^ * that * is sarcasm . 
  i suspect at the airport . 
  i did n't realise it was so hard to rent a car . 
  i probably have it ... the question is , do i want to sell it . 
  have to find it first !, 
  i bet people with stuff in storage who read this are suddenly wondering about how safe there stuff really is . 
  anyone with a decent storage company with sprinklers and wot-not needs to get marketing !, 
  if money is a bit tight , definitely go for this . 
  even if you 're flush it 's still very interesting , very cool skill/ability system . 
  where are you running to cat ?!, 
  where are you running to ? 
  front line health care workers know different though . 
  it sounds like you need a cuddle and a cry mate . 
  no , no . 
  you flipped out . 
  on the 3rd * week * of not paying rent at my place , locks get changed , your shit thrown onto the street . 
  by me . 
  it 's seems you 're much more interested in making a point than getting an explanation . 
  if i wanted something from you that you had no obligation to provide , i would n't use that opportunity to make some point that required such language . 
  so , still no explanation . 
  but please , do go on . 
  you 're not saying anything that 's convincing me you want an explanation . 
  it seems you just want to keep playing silly-buggers , which is fine , i 'm not making any progress on my work in this morning . 
  is his job to be the most swedish person in the country or something ? 
  during right leaning governments funding for public health services contracts , during left leaning governments it expands . 
  people working directly with those seeking out these services feel this most acutely . 
  given it 's me you want to response from , it 's me who gets to decide who is polite enough . 
  just not you , eh ? 
  just a point , it 's not proof . 
  the new findings just keep the door open to the possibility , they do n't prove it . 
  australia should sort its shit out , unless it thinks inviting people to permanently live as second class citizens within its borders is good for the country . 
  when we invite people to live in nz , i would expect them to receive the same benefits as everyone else . 
  not because it 's fair , but because it 's good for the country to have all its residents taken care of . 
  living without religious order and control is a luxury few can afford . 
  life has to be sweet and easy for one not to be free of some external guide to explain how to thrive in a world so harsh . 
  if you want to free people from this burden , work hard to ensure those without have enough to thrive . 
  if you are so concerned .
