  it ca n't be one or the other . 
  it has to be both . 
  and with society being in the position of power , individuals being vulnerable to its power , it 's society who needs to step up first . 
  society must meet its obligations to the individual before the individual can be responsible to society . 
  unless we are holding babies accountable for the choices of their parents , or we believe that all people turning 18 are equally capable regardless of how that person was raised . 
  that 's amazing . 
  he 's a man for crazy conservatives of all faiths . 
  i guess that 's what some people are doing . 
  i saw it and saw three animals having a bit of a freakout , seeking comfort from each other for support . 
  he 's a famous scientist , amongst scientists particularly . 
  advanced quantum physics considerably . 
  good to know there are still a few sheep farmers left in nz !, 
  ( just a joke with dairy prices and such in the news so often . ), 
  i believe in this context it 's spelt `` genious '' . 
  `` lazy '' is one of the most unhelpful of human concepts . 
  no one is lazy . 
  motivation can be reduced by two factors : desire for an outcome and the belief you can achieve that outcome . 
  if you have an outcome you desire but do n't act on it , then either you do n't really want it , you do n't really believe you can achieve it , or you are consumed by a more pressing need . 
  rationally you might be able to believe you can do the thing and you really want it , but humans are far from purely rational . 
  or perhaps we are purely rational in the sense that we believe what we 've experienced over what we 've been told . 
  tl ; dr : get help , we all need it from time to time , despite what you may have been convinced of . 
  quit struggling , start living . 
  and i thought having to pull the manifold cover off my car to get to the plugs was bad . 
  it 's easier to make more kids than to find a new wife . 
  if that 's so it 's a knee-jerk reaction rather than because of the consequence to the game . 
  i 've bought a few extra generals , but i rarely use them . 
  i 've also bought some skins cause i 've been enjoying the game and have been happy to hand over a couple of dollars for essentially nothing . 
  coh2 is a game of depth . 
  if you play a shallow game against a skilled opponent , it will seem like they win by magic or perhaps you reason they must have paid money for something which explained the advantage . 
  but really it 's playing the game like an old school rts vs playing coh2 . 
  probably a titular giggle from those who think the planet is pronounced * ur-anus * rather than * ura-nus * . 
  not sure what you mean by no money though , that boat looks money to me !, 
  i dunno , eh ... an upvote means `` i like this . '', 
  saying `` came here to say this '' is a step beyond . 
  discovering reddit had your thought before you had it is discombobulating . 
  thus already on that mission to post , what comes out is `` woah , me too '' or something equally unsatisfactory . 
  i might be able to buy something sound enough to get me to gt barrier and back i reckon with my 34 years of accumulated stuff !, 
  sounds like you 're living life to full , hard to fault that . 
  yeah . 
  my landlord once tried to pull off the show up unannounced game . 
  once . 
  cool . 
  tan nails is fascinating , works well . 
  that , uh , did not in fact keep me occupied . 
  it was more like `` da fuck dis shit '' and grabbed a book or something like that . 
  has n't been suggested so far , i recommend a micathermic heater . 
  heats up immediately , cools down immediately so no wasted energy on unwanted heat . 
  two downsides : 1 ) dust on the heating panels tend to burn after disuse , causing a smell the first couple of times you use it in winter . 
  2 ) some can make a slight crackling noise when starting up , which can be disturbing in the middle of the night if you 're a light sleeper . 
  stranger yells obscenities and is gone ? 
  strangers be strange , yo . 
  i get angry when people i care about disrespect me , but if strangers are setting me off then it 's time to look inwards and see what i 'm so upset about . 
  haha , screw that !, 
  `` perfect '' writing would be written in helvetica . 
  you know , so i can read it !, 
  i have a multi with / r/newzealand , / r/wellington , and / r/auckland . 
  it 's mostly filled with / r/wellington . 
  so aucklanders prefer to use facebook to connect rather than reddit . 
  too bad . 
  dana knows how to keep the japanese fans happy . 
  i love fights in japan , such a different stadium vibe !, 
  the fluffiness of sheep ai n't no serious concern . 
  although it does make me wonder what 's getting southern european sheep so filthy !, 
  welcome . 
  eat a pie or two . 
  haha , i never keep track of usernames on the internet except of those i make personal connections with . 
  not possible otherwise . 
  it only wants to swallow your soul . 
  * shrug *, 
  one potential consequence of having multiple relationships is that your partners might find out about each other and have a response to that . 
  your sister will have to deal with that response one way or another now . 
  what you should have done depends on what outcome you would prefer , and what would most likely bring about that outcome . 
  i really hope this is the last i hear of this business , it 's getting very tiresome . 
  i do n't understand this recall business ? 
  is that if a particular fault is found the car is sent to the manufacturer and they fix it ? 
  well have fun chasing loonies in the meantime . 
  no doubt you 'll find a market for the result . 
  thanks , very informative . 
  all the video shows is why you 'll never be a serious competitor . 
  i wan na see that little chew at the end in stable form . 
  i need to see the chew !, 
  absolutely . 
  on its own it 's an interesting and skillful piece of art , no small thing . 
  learning it was the 13th in a series of real clocks brings serious depth to the work . 
  which is at least something . 
  being able to sniff out dissidents and smear those who oppose the regime is one thing . 
  being able to do population wide modelling and profiling via meta data is also repugnant . 
  any layer of obfuscation is welcome i think . 
  i mean with random teammates , where in my experience there is no communication . 
  yeah , i 'm specifically meaning non-arranged team which i guess has a specific dynamic involved , where your teammates can be relied upon to behave randomly . 
  well done , thank you . 
  find out about some local community organisations that offer support to battered people ( they 'll be there and they 'll be underfunded ) , when someone comments , explain the situation and then follow up with `` but as you 're so concerned i know this organisation who could really use your support '' and provide the details . 
  how did they take your response ? 
  polls lolz . 
  seriously though , what does what most americans think have to do with what happens in america ? 
  it 's pretty clear americans voted themselves out of power some time ago . 
  all i care about is the little chew at the end . 
  i played vcoh long and hard . 
  and 400 + hours on coh2 so far . 
  yeah , that would be cool , but usually i just spontaneously want to play rather than organising some people to have a game with .
