  i 'm continually surprised about the lack of gpu based ai . 
  that is the next level and history has shown that if extra hardware is needed for a good experience , there will be people willing to accept the cost . 
  well someone clearly had records !, 
  i 'm more `` anything but national '' , so labour 's bumbling electioneering is upsetting . 
  so definitely bumbling because we can be assured people wo n't take the time . 
  if labour ca n't fade this kind of expected bullshit , they 're bumbling . 
  they 're bumbling because they appear bumbling . 
  i ca n't comment on what i do n't know . 
  they wanted an angle that would sell papers . 
  labour left an angle exposed . 
  so we 're agreed they 're bumbling then . 
  because voter perception is what matters here , not what the most reasoned and considered analysis might conclude . 
  i want labour to win . 
  that 's my bias . 
  you 're mistaken about what i think is bumbling . 
  i agree , it seems ridiculous . 
  but labour has n't been able to sell that narrative . 
  they 're being jerked along by the story national is selling . 
  national is beaming , labour is bumbling . 
  embarrassing yourself you mean . 
  the bumbling is n't not having a record of this letter . 
  the bumbling is letting something so ridiculous get dragged out through the media like it has . 
  either the letter is a serious lapse and labour screwed up . 
  or the letter is nonsense and labour screwed up . 
  this seems to be the case . 
  what 's worse , they think they can improve matters by publicly demanding an apology !, 
  from some guy !, 
  i think this is something i accidentally discovered when i was a teenager . 
  i had a lot of reasons to be unhappy and generally walked around with the posture you might expect . 
  walking home one day somehow it dawned on me that the people i noticed and liked walked differently than i did so i thought i would give it a go . 
  the improvements were pretty quick . 
  i wondered if subtle feedback from others improved my self-esteem . 
  this study seems to suggests something more fundamental is at play which certainly fits . 
  it can be a long road if you have particularly bad habits , at least that 's how it was for me . 
  this is awful . 
  but it seems par for the course , kinda getting numb to national ripping my guts out . 
  it depends on the kind of ai . 
  certainly the kind i have in mind would require a gpu . 
  i think there are still results that could be achieved with current hardware that are n't being exploited . 
  the focus in games is largely novel mechanics and graphics fidelity , not ai . 
  indeed , what we need is innovation . 
  if i had the resources available i 'd learn the math and do it myself . 
  we can only hope . 
  another national term will be scathing , but i guess we have to be prepared for it . 
  easier for some than others . 
  lolz , okay . 
  the kind of ai i 'm thinking of is fundamentally based in math , the kind which runs very well on a gpu . 
  i 'm not a researcher if that 's what you mean . 
  i 'm someone who has played games all their life , has studied information systems , software , hardware , and psychosocial studies with a bit of maths on the side . 
  the kind of ai i am thinking of already exists in advanced simulation and modelling solutions , it 's just not something that 's been turned into a game . 
  that 's the work that has n't been done yet . 
  the ai would use massive matrix manipulation , something that can be done using linear algebra , something which runs very well on a gpu . 
  exactly what can be achieved with the resources available on a high-end pc , i 'm not sure . 
  i 've heard of that place . 
  well i talk about it , like i am here . 
  i guess i do n't have the ear of any developers . 
  i expect it will happen one way or another . 
  if someone beats me to it , great , i get to play their game . 
  if not , i expect i 'll eventually have the resources to focus on this and produce something of my own . 
  how tech progresses will impact what 's achievable . 
  it 's possible this method of ai will be leap-frogged altogether . 
  that 's what i saw first . 
  second i saw `` moon '' . 
  i suspect you do n't understand what i 'm talking about . 
  that would be my post . 
  while i have a distinct `` self '' , who i am and who i can be depends on my community . 
  if life is better for everyone , it 's better for me . 
   think how plastic-y your japanese cars are . 
  my 25yr old mitsubishi does n't come across as plastic-y . 
  feels like a car that has another 25 years on it . 
  i like this car because it 's a semi-performance engine ( 2l v6 mivec ) , a good mix of performance and economy . 
  to get a car of similar specs new or near new would be very expensive . 
  also , i figure my next car will be electric , so i 'm waiting till i can afford a tesla ( or when they 'll be affordable in my country . ), 
  i 've got a 2l v6 mivec galant , which is the same engine as an evo minus the turbo . 
  but i think i 'll buy a tesla next , which is probably 5-10 years off . 
  hey nzherald , prove you do n't have any bias by asking key what exactly it was he thought he knew `` weeks ago '' about this whole donations drama you cooked up . 
  how long do you have to work as a police officer to be exempt from the law do you think ? 
  well that seems reasonable , i still want to knee-jerk against overly authoritative and aggressive cops . 
  like that off-duty cop awhile back who stopped a guy at a rail crossing and when the guy did n't respect his non-authority he followed the guy home and attacked him in his home . 
  he was n't prosecuted for that either . 
  referring to [ this ] ( http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/ak1403/s00514/flaws-in-police-investigation-of-off-duty-officer.htm ) . 
  i think it 's also reasonable to hold people in a position of power and authority to a higher standard than others . 
  it 's like the kitty brain was all in sleep mode then kicked in the ole `` testing body systems now ... success , resume sleep '' . 
  the sex-ed one is funny . 
  in the movie where they use the marauder 's map for the end credits , briefly you can see two sets of footprints facing each other in a corner , one set pressing the other set against the wall . 
  huh , i thought there was a v6 evo . 
  must be mistaken . 
  there is/was a model with a mivec v6 turbo was n't there ? 
  definitely . 
  it is toight . 
  can there be a show of just these scenes ? 
  i could maybe watch that . 
  i read it ... with musicians you sometimes ca n't tell what 's satire and what is n't . 
  like , you 'll come over and cook me dinner ? 
  well , normally this is not something i would allow , but for you i will make an exception . 
  yeah , i was like `` damn , that 's just how an illegal ferret breeder would act , too ! '', 
  hahah , the kind of answer that seems quickly forgotten when labour is asked about an 11 year old letter . 
  i did find the answer here , if it can be relied on :, 
   we know that person who took the false statement from liu -- a major donor to the national party -- passed the information in it onto the prime minister several weeks before they gave that statement to the herald, 
  ooh , i remember now !,
