  neither scenario is wanted . 
  but we ca n't expect anything different without better resourcing for police and preventative measures . 
  remind me what we 're trying to prove here ? 
  my question relates to the fact that we 're told apparent opposition to the tpp is due to an opposition to free trade . 
  this suggests that the tpp is soley about free trade . 
  so tell me , what about the tpp limits its scope to free trade ? 
  that looks freaking delicious !, 
  reminds me of something from d&d . 
  it 's certainly not ideal for the joint . 
  i known footbag/hacky sack competitors who start to get knee problems from pulling off these kind of tricks . 
  it would be great to have that opportunity . 
  i 've been a fan of garfield , my opinion does n't feel reduced to dirt . 
  i guess i 'm not so sensitive that the point being made was n't lost to my hurt feelings . 
  maybe that 's because i could see the author was talking from their experience rather than making objective pronouncements . 
  it sounds like you are objectively determining this comic to be of low quality . 
  i hate the happy birthday song . 
  that it ca n't be played without breaching copyright is the only positive thing to come out of the ridiculous copyright laws it is bound by . 
  did they change the video or something ? 
  cyclists look well left to me . 
  there are a lot of grumps in multi who start complaining if you 're not following some pre-set strategy that 's envisioned to be universal . 
  maybe that contributes ? 
  yes , i suppose you 're right . 
  had to check this was n't / r/morbidreality . 
  has this been reported anywhere in the media ? 
  what 's up with those shoes ? 
  is that sonic off to a job interview ? 
  good news , more publicity for a great book !, 
  lucky for me i just bought the last copy mighty ape had in stock the other day . 
  once this is all wrapped up , the book should ship with a sticker `` the book some old white men tried to ban ! '', 
  there is something to be said about a flag that can be drawn with a ruler . 
  it 's a shame really , i think it would be a real long term cash cow . 
  it seems like one of those shows that once complete and always re-released in the latest format , would continually be discovered by new people who would then immediately need to own everything metalocalypse . 
  yeah , it 's easy to mess up the jack or get the angles on the stars right . 
  but if you use a pencil to outline , it does n't take too many goes . 
  if people want to pest control cats , then pest control cats . 
  if the spca wants to use its resources to neuter strays , that 's their prerogative . 
  it does n't seem like either group would face any legal impediment to acting out their objectives if they act humanely . 
  i get baguettes from the store on kohi . 
  i sometimes manage to make sandwiches , but usually i just eat the bread as is , it 's too hard to resist . 
  thought it was gon na moon the camera for a moment . 
  wrong sub for that i guess . 
  it sounds like something that concerns you in any case . 
  humans and human relationships are really complex . 
  people have all kinds of struggles , and many are happy with what others find a problem . 
  i like to focus on what i want , and if something is not working out for me i 've found specialist support helpful . 
  you 've got a lot of options , this list is not exhaustive :, 
  it may be you have a close friend or relation who you trust to talk over with what your thoughts and feelings are . 
  the experience of considering and communicating these things can provide a lot of insight into your own experience , give you some clues as to what might be going on . 
  geez , i do n't even know how to check my kiwisaver balance . 
  considered psychotherapy ? 
  i mean , i do n't know what you want in life , not everyone is that into sex . 
  certainly having sex because you feel you should , or when you 're not really ready can potentially put you off further attempts . 
  maybe you 're someone who would only enjoy sex in a kind of relationship that 's lacking in your life ? 
  psychotherapy can be a great way of finding out what you really want and understanding how to achieve that in the context you find yourself in . 
  sensual . 
  as an aside , i do n't get what the significance of washing machine design is ? 
  you can do all kinds of work establishing a career . 
  where i live there would be no police action at all . 
  the only recourse the man would have would be normal divorce proceedings . 
  threw me off !, 
  i was all , where 's the damn milk !, 
  then i cottoned on . 
  it 's grim times for the poor of nz right now . 
  is it the same section of the public that benefits ? 
  where can we see this ? 
  why not completely ? 
  what about some rolling pressure wave that was sufficiently strong enough to squash a person ? 
  would that be a sound ? 
  pretty you 'd be deaf after that . 
  better handles for pouring is really all it is for me . 
  on the flip side the government 's response to tax evasion is a resounding `` meh '' . 
  i really liked richard harris as dumbledor . 
  nah , do n't believe you . 
  ms parata herself called some random schools and they told her they did n't have any hungry children . 
  so this must be a scam . 
  it 's sarcasm as per the / s tag at the end . 
  unless you mean am i joking about ms parata 's method of assuring herself and nz that children do n't go to school hungry . 
  that 's exactly what she did . 
  there 's a difference between the day-to-day pain we feel as we bump up against each other and the exploitation of vulnerability . 
  i do n't think that sentiment suggests that those whose vulnerability is exploited are responsible for that exploitation . 
  however our response when our vulnerability is exploited is our own responsibility . 
  being victimsed does n't mean you have to be a victim ( in the sense meant here . ), 
  we can choose to wallow in the powerlessness all experience , or we can find and use the power we do have . 
  which may involve seeking justice . 
  it 's probably not talking about situations where one is completely overwhelmed by trauma . 
  there is no up or down in space . 
  some define the enemy gate as down . 
  just make sure you get out on the down slope ... 
  it probably refers to this :, 
  at the season 4 finale , i kind of resigned myself to that being the end . 
  cause it would have made a great , mysterious finish . 
  so season 5 for me was fantastic , especially how it made use of content from the previous four seasons so well and how it resolved the plot in such an uplifting way . 
  i remember season 5 requiring some orientation , but i found it all came into place in a very satisfying way , and ultimately appreciated the jump . 
  what holes are you thinking of ? 
  it 's been awhile since i watched it . 
  i mean , do you subscribe to any of the self-help subs ? 
  i do , and with some of the problems people in the us have to face ( and in other parts of the world ) ... well , i 'm not from the us and * i 'm * bitter . 
  i like that this normalises somewhat the idea of getting help with domestic violence . 
  my only problem with ramen do is the servings are so large i feel i am disrespecting the japanese chef when i only eat half . 
  there 's also some great kiwi humour if you 're into that sort of thing .
