   it depends on the nature of your work and what you know . 
  a mafia crime boss can have gardeners or call a plumber . 
  do n't those people work honestly ? 
  no they did n't . 
  just as if i grow food on a plot of land that my government have forced others off . 
  one way or another i am exploiting resources stolen from others . 
  how do i figure ? 
  i 've studied world history . 
  the strong taking from the weak is the norm throughout it . 
  imperialism is much more recent history that you suggest , it 's part of us history for sure . 
  just because restitution is difficult or impossible , i 'm not willing to ignore the dark origins of much of the wealth and power bases that exist in the world today . 
  i definitely do n't consider the possession of capital an ultimate right over that wealth . 
  i 'm sorry , your us-centric view makes this discussion difficult , i 'm from new zealand , what colonisation looks like over here is in many ways different to what happened in the us . 
  there are many ways here we can and do attempt to redress injustices in the past . 
  it is a bit easier though as we have a written agreement that the local indigenous can hold the crown to . 
  many people here would like to disregard the agreement , interestingly they insist agreements that give them rights over their own land are adhered to . 
  i 'm in favour of private property rights that acknowledge the history of property rights and how they were n't ( and probably still are n't ) fair . 
  i 'm sure you are aware of the us 's actions on the world stage for the last 200 years , it goes far beyond simply occupying north america . 
  do you think bill gates would be allowed to transfer all his money to russian banks without any problem ? 
  was his company unfettered by laws about how to spend its money , what it could buy and own ? 
  wow , someone wishes they did n't go into work this morning . 
  i really hope iran becomes a place a peace and prosperity . 
  i love to get to know the persian people more and have their culture more present in the world again . 
  score . 
  i read that in a mitch hedberg voice . 
  `` you 're being awfully personal with me ... '', 
   he argued that 10,000 troops was the minimum force needed to secure strategic bases across afghanistan . 
  afghanistan is still only getting the minimum then . 
  excellent . 
  most excellent . 
  very well done . 
  i think she might be a terry pratchett fan ? 
  yeah , for all we know the kid has all sorts of books about cycling and races and now they 're all excited to be in a `` real race '' ( you know the way kids do ) . 
  i mean , they 're wearing numbers and everything . 
  alternatively , it could be one of those situations where you 're the only one in a cocktail outfit while your mates are in street clothes . 
  mammals i tells ya , * always * going about making friends . 
  is it something to do with being fuzzy ? 
  teaching religion in school misunderstands the nature of religion . 
  it 's only in the simplistic public mind that religion is a choice between a handful of flavours . 
  the reality is that religious and spiritual beliefs are exceedingly diverse , and exist in many different forms . 
  i think it 's creepy that a public school thinks it 's in a position to instruct on religion . 
  our age . 
  that 's technology . 
  i love how we make the mundane less so with stuff like this . 
  that piggy would n't be alive if it were n't for them delicious ribs its carrying . 
  have some respect . 
  ella seemed a little overwhelmed by it all , i hope she gets a break soon !, 
  i ca n't imagine how fast things must be moving for her . 
  i ca n't imagine what the heights of the industry is like for anyone , let alone a 17 year old . 
  ella performing live at age 12 :, 
  she 's a natural . 
  one hit ? 
  triple j has three of her songs in the top 20 of their hottest 100 . 
  her and joel little have produced a solid body of work . 
  three !, 
  watching the clone wars was always ... 
  `` you . 
  all . 
  ` cept for ahsoka , good save there . 
  i once tried to drink from a cup while lying in bed . 
  once . 
  i was ~ 3 . 
  my squeedily-spooch !, 
  genuine bi-polar disorder is a neurological disorder , not a developmental on . 
  just saying . 
  damn , i 've never seen a recipe with references before . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i 'm biased because i live there , but kohimarama beach is fantastic on a nice day . 
  drive straight past mission bay . 
  not all transsexuals feel disordered or anguished ( any more than any person might ) , or consider their experience as a `` disconnect '' . 
  gender dysphoria is much more encompassing of a range of experiences , with a focus being on the distress rather than any difference from the norm which is how historically these things have been defined and what the dsm is moving away from . 
  if it 's acceptable where you are to do that to kids i can only assume you 're buggered . 
  seriously , what the hell . 
  definitely mysterious . 
  this is not how diagnostic criteria works , and in fact one of the reasons why these terms are changing is because we 're changing our diagnostic methods . 
  historically this kind of experience has been viewed from a purely medical perspective : you 're either normal and healthy or you 're not , and it 's the men in white coats who decide . 
  however we do science okay , we 've observed that this is n't really how it is and while there are great benefits to this practice , it 's causes distress and dysfunction by marginalisation . 
  as such , slowly but surely our practices , diagnostic criteria and diagnoses are changing to accommodate the broad range of human experience and function . 
  it 's confusing to the layperson and particularly people who find themselves with a shifting diagnosis , which is unfortunate . 
  ultimately though i think we will all benefit as less people are thought of and think of themselves as disordered for really only being different . 
  so much for nz being a bastion of privacy . 
  i was always proud about how it 's illegal for nzers to be identified by some kind of id number , but i guess that 's now irrelevant . 
  your drivers license id can only be used for its purpose . 
  if a store owner or government agency was recording and identifying people in some kind of database by your drivers license , that would be illegal . 
  interestingly at the time photo ids came out , it was argued that a photo is a generic id which would be in breach of the law . 
  clearly that challenge failed . 
  compare to the us where people are expected to hand over the irs number for pretty much anything . 
  nothing , as long as you behave . 
  do you know how people will be expected to behave in the future ? 
  i do n't believe the law is the only way one 's past can be used against them . 
  only to prove you have a drivers license . 
  if they have a database where you are identified by your drivers license ( as a primary or foreign key ) , the law is being broken . 
  this is the law , i appreciate the ramifications are subtle :, 
  to put it simply , if you provide your drivers license to 2 degrees and when you call up they ask for your drivers license number to look you up in their database , they have broken the law . 
  your semantics are incorrect . 
  you can prove someone 's identity with a drivers license . 
  but you can not then use that drivers license number to identify the person in the future . 
  your system has to have it 's own id that is n't based on the person 's drivers license number . 
  this means that two agencies with independent databases can not collect drivers license numbers and compare records based on that number . 
  it 's effectively the same .
