  so what causes the change ? 
  do n't worry about qualifications so much . 
  if you can talk the talk and present yourself well i do n't think you 'll have any problems . 
  unless you want to work for [ deloitte ] ( https://www.deloitte.com/view/en_nz/nz/index.htm ) or something , in which case they 'll be smart enough to recognise non-standard quals . 
  there 's a shortage of skilled technical staff in any number of industries that rely on it . 
  shop around , find something you like . 
  and it changes back by recapturing the oxygen as it cools ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
   the op was suggesting that the guy 's mom was suffering from narcissistic personality disorder . 
  no i was n't . 
  you 're jumping to conclusions . 
  i understand character function from a psychodynamic perspective , which suggests narcissism is a primary form of character functioning . 
  it being quite possible to be a healthy narcissist with the complete absence of narcissism in a person being as potentially problematic as an over abundance of it . 
  i linked the sub because it is full of similar stories . 
  you do n't think the sub is full of people who have a specialist understanding of narcissism do you ? 
  i get the feeling that the french bombers were in quite different circumstances and had quite different intentions to this fellow . 
  but then again , figuring out who to call terrorists and who not to seems like a lost cause in this political climate . 
  ah yes , the reality of our fantasies . 
  he was [ recognised by a hotel guest ] ( http://www.9news.com.au/world/2014/11/13/05/12/fugitive-new-zealand-murderer-phillip-smith-captured-in-south-america ) apparently . 
  hahah , that 's one unlucky psychopath . 
  the [ late heavy bombardment period ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/late_heavy_bombardment ) was hell . 
  we 've come a long way !, 
  there was n't a time that was better than now for human life on earth . 
  i hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . 
  rather i hear and see circumstances that distress me and voice my concern . 
  there 's very limited funding for mental health services in nz ( and most countries . ), 
  generally most funding goes to those who are most disruptive to others . 
  personal distress generally is n't a consideration . 
  i suspect you had a fantasy of that ... and weird fantasy at that . 
  is that a legal requirement ? 
  what 's a bludger ? 
  who are these others , how many of them are there , what kind of life do they have , how did you come by this knowledge in a way that you can be sure it 's reality and not your own bias ? 
  nah , it will just create generations . 
  better/worse is a matter of perspective . 
  makes me wonder about all the awesome games hiding away in obscurity ( to me at least . ), 
  we need to get some deep miners hunting for these hidden treasures to bring into the light for the rest of the world !, 
  yes , rocket lab is n't the only company with a nasa contract for rockets . 
  and it 's true that space-x has plans for launching satellite swarms likely for internet . 
  orbital science still clearly have some work to do . 
  i get the feeling that it 's a small number of people capable of and in a situation to built rockets of rocket lab 's calibre and space-x is n't going to have endless capacity . 
  applied sciences is surely the long term future of the nz economy . 
  at some point it 's going to be cheaper to produce palatable milk by means other than cows roaming about vast amounts of landscape belching out significant amounts of greenhouse gasses . 
  science and tech . 
  rocket labs , xero , orion , f&p healthcare are great examples . 
  the only resource we need is smart , capable , motivated people . 
  congrats rocket lab and peter beck !, 
  34 - i once believed this , then i grew up . 
  the myth is that you become an adult by getting older . 
  i know very well what i 'm doing now and it 's a trip . 
  i mean , wow . 
  holy smokes , i had to watch it again . 
  lolz , that 's ah ... something i guess . 
  who 's subjective baseline ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying that differs from my apparently illogical post . 
  what 's the difference between `` a matter of perspective '' and `` a subjective baseline '' ? 
  even this is problematic when you see how inconsistent criminal judgements are , where your ethnicity and socio-economic status has such a strong influence on the likelihood of conviction . 
  i said `` better/worse is a matter of perspective . '', 
  the rest is your construction . 
  that we can decide on a baseline and measure according to that does not change this . 
  any baseline we come up with is going to tell us about us as much as it is about our measures . 
  we 're always left with the question `` what about our findings is about us , and what is about what we observed ? '', 
  there are names for this phenomena , depending on your frame or model of understanding . 
  what kind of power washing would that be ? 
  would there be some process to ensure no damage or wear & tear on the stone ? 
  i 'm sorry , i had to laugh . 
  i mean , wtf ? 
  nicked for a wooden bench heist , lolz . 
  this is not a til for me . 
  i remember when the labour government initially broached the agreement , it sounded very promising . 
  it 's now gone beyond disappointing to distressing . 
  so what was the bludging aspect of this ? 
  children making poor decisions ? 
  what if christian parents do n't like it ? 
  for many , teaching religion in that manner would be in conflict with their religious beliefs . 
  and what parent would trust that some random school teacher comes from the same theological position as they do ? 
  for a moment i thought that was william shatner aka captain kirk aka denny crane . 
  so bludgers are unlucky people who do n't have the insight to better their circumstances ? 
  where is this land of abandoned homes full of valuables ? 
  and can you recommend a local motel ? 
  so why are n't you ? 
  was it some kind of moral epiphany , did you decide it was n't acceptable for you to live some a sweet and easy life when others are working so hard ? 
  you sound self-aware rather than arrogant . 
  so going on what you have said a bludger is someone who is dumb with no qualifications and has no choice ? 
  i mean , if my choice was the dole in kaitaia or a grinding , minimum wage factory job in auckland , i 'm staying in kaitaia . 
  your description of a bludger is my description of a rational person . 
  what 's this one refer to ? 
  well , they were pirates holding a prisoner . 
  that 's some serious marksmenship . 
  in my search i discovered that two navy seals were [ killed on this ship earlier this year ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/02/19/world/asia/seychelles-maersk-deaths/ ) . 
  i wonder what went down ... 
  it sounds like he was somewhat redeemed :, 
  [en.wikipedia.org/wiki/douglas_prasher] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/douglas_prasher ), 
  and now you understand projection ( at least a particular form of it . ), 
  apologies if i 'm not very sufficiently delicate or skilled at talking about such a contentious topic . 
  it seems to me kierkegaard is treating god with something like euclidean logic , is that the dominant approach for approaching the concept of god in philosophy ? 
  are there any alternative approaches in philosophy to the concept of god ? 
  i ca n't even . 
  i mean , i do n't consider myself in the 1 % of shitheads , but i 've certainly held some stupid racist attitudes before i developed deeper insight . 
  i 'm no guru so i assume i still do . 
  you can shove 'em up your arse , that 's what i think of them !,
