  better than blown up with it 's crew i suppose . 
  that 's a first world solution , baby !, 
  basic economics is not real economics . 
  that kills the ... oh wait , no it does n't . 
  that 's a shitty law . 
  in nz selling something at a reduced price does not void the warranty . 
  any damage can be explained and that ca n't be claimed in warranty , but aside from that what ever you buy should be fit for the purpose purchased . 
  on first read i was trying to figure out how you both exhale and hold your breath in . 
  she 's a teenager . 
  i was n't really commenting on her bad-assery , but rather how people perceive her . 
  only teenagers really love teenagers , and they 're quick to turn on their own when they stand out . 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  your rudeness suggests a strong bias as you seem invested in this more than intellectually . 
  i know enough about economics to know there 's a lot more for me to know . 
  i suspect you know less than me , because you certainly lack the capacity to speak with authority on the matter . 
  certainly in my domains i can give clear explanations and cite not only sources but also concisely give a history of the development of that particular area of knowledge . 
  i do n't have the need to tell people that they 'd know what i know if they were n't dense . 
  i am more and more convinced you are speaking from an indoctrinated view , not an educated one . 
  most people do n't want to know what the hell 's wrong with people . 
  i do n't know about this girl , maybe for her life was great , she just never found a reason to care . 
  but if a girl like her was to seek treatment for heavy drug and alcohol abuse you 'd expect sex abuse and severe neglect or emotional abuse from a young age . 
  cool , got my pic taken with saturn . 
  i probably could , but i 'm not so interested in convincing you to make the effort . 
  that said , when i was seeing clients and supervising colleagues , when we had a pretty female client with chronic substance abuse issues ( as evidenced by this girl 's tweets ) as trained professionals this is what we would expect . 
  now , we would n't * assume * it , we would wait for more evidence , it 's just literature and experience made this a sound starting point . 
  i do n't really think we know much about this girl . 
  from this distance all i can say is it 's a tragedy for all involved . 
  i do n't feel compelled to judge or blame . 
  please , stop overwhelming me with your strong grasp on economics . 
  she 's exceedingly unpleasant , killed two people it seems . 
  i 'm convinced though that unpleasant , out of control people come from unpleasant , out of control places . 
  that is awesome . 
  sorry , did i stumble into / r/science by mistake ? 
  you seem quite upset by the idea that people become horrible due to horrible circumstances , rather than them `` just '' being awful . 
  blame and judgement must be something you enjoy i guess . 
  while you on the other hand seem quite willing to invent facts . 
  you do n't know anything about me . 
  projection , what ? 
  haha , that woman 's laugh is great . 
  only since jung . 
  when i see shapes of creatures i recognise like this , i wonder how often i see shapes of creatures i do n't recognise . 
  i love ice cold soda . 
  such a great gag , and so sweet the time he calls astrid by her name . 
  how often are people too late only to discover squirrel skeletons inexplicably inside a tree ? 
  i 've never understood how the self and agency emerges from something other than nature . 
  must be a religious thing i do n't understand . 
  i 'd rather and i do . 
  actually , might do some volunteer work this christmas rather than being alone . 
  it 's not a racist view , it 's an ignorant one . 
  it 's a view that does n't realise that the whole place is a white person club ( if you live in a western country . ), 
  hahah , kids do crazy stuff . 
  fortunately most forget - but i bet your post brought back a few unsettling memories !, 
  i do want to watch . 
  i do . 
  more trees ca n't be a bad thing . 
  aw , how sweet . 
  it 's sad how children do n't have the same rights as adults . 
  do you know linear algebra ? 
  that 's where i plan to start . 
  very thinky and meaty is my answer . 
  and sometimes it 's jail anyway . 
  it 's a dialectic tension . 
  what i 'm looking for is a good middle ground . 
  i have sympathy every day . 
  although more for people who wish their skin colour was not the barrier it is rather than for those who wished their skin colour was different ( which in fairness probably seems like a more achievable result . ), 
  sexual selection pressures for the most part i imagine , and apparently so . 
  thanks , do n't like moisturiser either . 
  although push come to shove , i 'll take some mild discomfort over elevated cancer risk . 
  this is what i currently do , aided by the benefit of living 2 minutes walk to a beach . 
  not the most even of tanning methods though , and face and shoulders are hard to avoid burning . 
  i wonder though if it would be safer for longer periods with some sort of sunblock . 
  thanks . 
  i think brown and tan are different . 
  i 'm sad that you 're not accepted as a brown man , particularly given it was brown men and woman who accepted us white folk here so generously in the first place . 
  looks good though and i 've never been one to chase the healthiest lifestyle , just the easy gains . 
  i watched it once more just for that . 
  remember ? 
  i do n't hardly pay attention to who 's getting arrested for what . 
  i 'm probably just a snob , but fake 's fake . 
  we sure know what someone means when it is said . 
  pretty sure we 're still down that rabbit hole ... 
  that 's a bit rough mate . 
  i 've seen many a computer bound colleague with a tan . 
  being at peak health is n't a particularly high priority for me . 
  i 'd settle for spf 30 , everything seems to be 50 or 70 . 
  but / u/mamba _ 79 pointed out that spf 60 is n't double 30 for example , so maybe it 's not so bad . 
  i wonder about 15-30 minutes in the sun and then sunblock application ? 
  avoiding 11am-3pm . 
  those are all sunblock all the time hours . 
  wow , i really like it . 
  fingers crossed ... 
  such a disappointing game . 
  you still have to pay right ? 
  too bad they did n't release the game when it was good . 
  i 've already burnt enough cash on it , there are plenty of other games around that do n't waste my time or money . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  what is it ? 
  hahah , we get up to some funny stuff us humeys ( humans ) . 
  exactly , no way . 
  so not what they were saying .
