  if it allows two independent databases to compare records based on an id it 's illegal . 
  missed it but thanks . 
  how the database functions is irrelevant , it 's the outcome that matters . 
  what i am trying to say is you ca n't pull any tricks to get around the law . 
  if you are using an id from another agency ' system to identify people in your system , you are breaking the law . 
  i 'm do n't know if i 'm particularly dense or if someone here has a bee in their bonnet . 
  getting a lot of downvotes just for trying to explain the law , hahah . 
  `` if you hate someone you have to bear the consequences . '', 
  i loved it , pitch black in my mind is classic sci-fi action , not overly sophisticated , more about depth of character in an unknown future . 
  riddick was much of the same , yiss !, 
  chronicles is great too , i hope he goes for more of that in the next film ... and then flips back to the pitch black style the one after that eh ? 
  shit , i 'm crying already . 
  guess now we know jaden smith 's deal . 
  let 's hope if we do drop the jack we end up like canada and not the us . 
  that 's some luke skywalker shit right there . 
  why is iran bad again , aside for g.w 's assertions ? 
  am i supposed to know the meanings of the words or just recognise they are real words ? 
  after freaking out i would try my best to calmly ask the truck driver to step out of their vehicle so i could punch them in the face . 
  the coromandel is beautiful , some of those roads are a bit hairy !, 
  nothing like narrow roads with a steep bank on one side and a drop into the water on the other . 
  and that dairy truck coming the other way . 
  buy it and send it to me !, 
  terrible and wonderful . 
  it 's hard to say if i 'm more concerned about idiot cyclists or motorists . 
  the former is more likely to die , the latter more likely to kill . 
  it will be if the us is still a part of it . 
  i wish we could go back to it being a regional agreement , not another us jackboot . 
  where does the heat come from that causes the weld ? 
  karl pilkington would be the * best * worst james bond , haha . 
  handsome bunch . 
  seems like you 've got a good crew together , might have to come along next time !, 
  it 's `` inappropriate '' cause i 'm sick of seeing this guy 's damn face everywhere . 
  i would recommend multiple sources , all sources have their biases ( as do all readers . ), 
  i like [news.google.com ] ( http://news.google.com ) , however that 's probably prone to [ bubbling ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filter_bubble ) , so direct sources are also valuable . 
  some i like :, 
  [ the guardian ] ( http://theguardian.co.uk ), 
  [ the nytimes ] ( http://nytimes.com ), 
  also more heavily biased news has its place , if you 're interested in knowing what people more prone to bias are reading :, 
  [ fox news ] ( http://foxnews.com ), 
  [ the daily mirror ] ( http://thedailymirror.co.uk ), 
  [ rt ] ( http://rt.com ), 
  often the differences in perspective can be as valuable as the facts presented . 
  exactly !, 
  what does the law say about someone who engages in corruption ? 
  that 's a fine drawer o ' kittens you have there . 
  i love this shit , it 's like a great method of publicly outing racists and bigots . 
  total respect to that driver , not a lot of time to act and they did just the right thing . 
  i would have had a hard time not simply slamming the brakes . 
  nope , because i do n't believe it is possible to truly know one 's motivations for being attracted to someone . 
  we 're mysterious beings . 
  if you do n't find someone attractive you may have a sound narrative that tells you why this person , despite all of their attractive features , is ultimately an unsuitable partner . 
  however this narrative is not `` the truth '' . 
  it 's a construction that makes sense to you , but i ca n't get in your head , so i ca n't know why these features particularly stand out to you . 
  i am not going to change for someone who ca n't accept me as i am and who i 'm not going to be involved with . 
  if you do n't accept me as i am then please move on and find someone you do . 
  i do n't know who mows the berm where i live . 
  i share a row with three other units , no other grass on my section at least . 
  the front and rear sections have grass , maybe they organise something ? 
  just ... 
  you 'll find out in 3 months ... maybe . 
  who says you have to wait till you die before going to hell ? 
  aut has some really interesting programs , however they are also hopelessly disorganised from personal experience and from reports from those in completely different departments . 
  so just be aware of that . 
  some people need a couple of grandiose type narcissists in their lives . 
  it 's not like there are n't any number of other churches with leaders who are n't rich that the congregation members could join if they wanted . 
  care to share , in case someone comes searching someday ? 
  has there ever been a double spinning backfist ? 
  i wan na see some bryan fury ( of tekken ) action !, 
  i imagine it 's not really practical ... but damn it 'd be cool !, 
  perhaps they meant / r/mileyinteresting ? 
  `` human . 
  why you do dis ? '', 
  aw , that 's a complex feel . 
  sad but lovely too . 
  it 's worse than genuine cannabis . 
  cannabis can cause drug induced psychosis and it 's not pretty , but from what i understand synthetic thc has a greater likelihood of causing this ( based on anecdotal evidence from hospital admissions and the like . ), 
  i assume this is because cannabis has a number of psychoactive substances which counter thc ( [ cbd ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cannabidiol ) being the most widely known ) which synthetic cannabis lacks . 
  no , of course not . 
  cannabis should be legalised if we value coherent laws . 
  on the other hand , if our laws are arbitrary i ca n't see why anyone would care the follow them . 
  freedom and responsibility is only one set existential concerns people have . 
  you way of dealing with this is noble , however it does n't address existential concerns such as isolation , meaninglessness , death . 
  it really should have been a progression from a bunch of sheep to a bunch of cows , garnished with a bit of sport , business and art . 
  not completely dead . 
  are n't we all . 
  sorry about your shitty employment laws . 
  my first love was kira , from the movie dark crystal . 
  i used to struggle with intrusive thoughts , mainly about hurting others or myself . 
  my natural response was to suppress them , which only increased their intensity and bizarre nature . 
  it was n't until i became comfortable with letting the thoughts play out that they abated . 
  sometimes the thoughts are still a little upsetting , although i do find thoughts of self-harm and suicide soothing during times of distress . 
  the nz herald , lolz . 
  in psychotherapy ( at least the psychodynamic/analytic tradition i trained in ) , the body and environments are accepted as parts of the psyche . 
  certainly without a body one can not have feelings ( because you need a body to feel them in ) , and i think anyone would be hard pressed to demonstrate feelings are n't part of the mind . 
  on the flip side i have not seen any evidence to suggest * cognition * occurs outside of the brain ( except when they occur in the brain of another . ), 
  i do my best to avoid advertising . 
  however sometimes i will see a billboard and then find myself later thinking about it , then i 'll be all like `` ya got me advertising , ya got me ! '', 
  of course , they really get me when i do n't notice myself reflecting on the advertisement and instead consume what i 'm being compelled to consume . 
  john certainly kills me !, 
  they cropped the axe of the picture it seems .
