  cheap humour for a cheap beer !, 
  `` hey bro , pick up a box of tui on the way over ! '', 
  `` yeah , right . '', 
  are those our only choices ? 
  a distorted understanding due to a lack of clear information , or no understanding at all ? 
  or is the only acceptable understanding is where we get to ignore the past , and take what we want and blame anyone who complains for not be competent enough to stop us ? 
  that 's what it seems like in a lot of these conversations . 
  your white guilt is getting in the way your rational thinking . 
  i do n't feel guilt . 
  i see opportunity . 
  when you talk about moriori , you 're only revealing your ignorance . 
  as soon as you say that you reveal you have no contemporary understanding of nz 's history . 
  you 've read no books , attended no training , participated in no informed discussions . 
  you know this for yourself . 
  and you would be embarrassed if you knew the nonsense you are talking about . 
  by your values , if china decided that nz would be a great place for 50 million of their citizens to live , new zealanders would have to accept this . 
  because nz has committed atrocities ( see what we did in german samoa for example ) and it 's certainly no utopia here . 
  you would accept we would have to move on and accept the chinese way of life , leaving our own way of life behind . 
  you must n't have much of a life if this is the case . 
  sounds like he 's psychotic . 
  be careful , do n't antagonise , be very discrete with recording anything . 
  if you signed a fixed lease , your landlord probably knew what was up - particularly if the neighbour knows your rent details , they 've may have been watching for the next one to move in . 
  it 's difficult to do anything about disruptive neighbours . 
  probably wait till that lease is up then move out . 
  lolz , so you 're saying you 're informed ? 
  hahahaha . 
  demonstrate it . 
  hahahah , i 'm kidding , i already know you ca n't . 
  go back to writhing in your pathetic guilt . 
  what is it i am revising ? 
  which academics am i in conflict with ? 
  i 'm most familiar with the work of [ michael king ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_king ) but i have also engaged with maori local in my community to understand their perspective of history also . 
  if you have no guilt where is your idea of white guilt coming from ? 
  as a pakeha i do n't engage with maori out of guilt , but out of an understanding of history and a desire to have a healthier and happier nz . 
  when you raise moriori as a reason for not engaging with maori , do you have any kind of academic understanding of how moriori are placed in nz 's history , or a talkback radio understanding ? 
  i already know the answer , i 'm wondering if you 're honest enough to admit it . 
   who says i dont engage with maori ? 
  that 's my understanding when you say :, 
   its time to move on . 
  in the context of :, 
   where are the formal apologies for the moriori ? 
  and :, 
   it is all white guilt bullshit, 
  perhaps you want to clarify ? 
  perhaps you 'd like to demonstrate something other than ignorance ? 
  i 've provided some basis for my knowledge . 
  what 's the basis for yours ? 
  oh , that 's right , i 'm just being a smarty-pants by asking for actual knowledge rather than knee-jerk bullshit . 
  / facepalm, 
  lolz , if you were so certain of that , you could tell me what i 'm revising . 
  but you are n't , you 're making shit up or regurgitating nonsense you heard on the radio . 
  we both know it . 
  what you 're demonstrating is the views you espouse are born of ignorance . 
  that 's helpful , thanks . 
  `` maori '' did not exist pre-colonisation , rather the country was occupied by various tribes and groups of people . 
  the world `` maori '' meaning normal to many of the local inhabitants . 
  when white folk and other immigrants showed up and asked `` what kind of people are you '' , the answer was `` we 're normal people '' . 
  while pakeha may have treated all maori as a coherent whole , an organised people of coherent values beliefs , the truth was and is still anything but . 
  so it 's not the case that in nz there were maori people and moriori people living in nz pre-colonisation . 
  rather there were different groups of indigenous people living in nz , all with their own beliefs and values , all with their own way of living . 
  some at the top of the north island , some at the bottom of the south island , and many in between , all living their own lives largely independent of each other . 
  that they are more like each other than they are like pakeha does not make them the same . 
  it was colonists who thrust the identity of `` maori '' upon the people living in nz at the time . 
  the group of people identified as moriori were far from the only group who found themselves in conflict with other indigenous groups . 
  the question is , why have we chosen to leave maori and moriori distinct ? 
  well , because of the narrative you have produced - that if maori wanted to be treated fairly , they should have treated the moriori fairly . 
  but because they have n't , pakeha can ignore any mistreatment of maori , after all , remember the moriori ? 
  the difference between the different tribes in nz and their relationship with each other and the relationship between the british crown and maori is an internationally recognised document signed by both parties that imposes obligation and rights on each party . 
  that 's it . 
  we live by rule of law . 
  it 's only children who try to deflect responsibility off themselves by pointing out fault in another . 
  maybe a dig at the kind of relationships both men and women engage in , except at least honest about it ? 
  i 've found myself getting sucked into the wrong end of those relationships and have to remind myself not to be that guy ? 
   so i feel i should offer an explanation :, 
  i do n't think this is the kind of place where such explanations are required . 
  the kid already knows , and in a much more intimate fashion . 
  damn , with the money spent on that car you could ~ ~ buy a ~ ~ put a deposit on a house !, 
   a classic lighthouse problem . 
   seems fair , it 's their home and their rules . 
  if they value their home and rules above their child , sure . 
  rise above !, 
  lucky !, 
  there 's still a collection on my street before these rules take effect . 
  what about hogan 's heroes ? 
  when i was growing up it was always mash then hogan 's heroes ( or was it the other way around ? ), 
  i guess people have mixed feelings about it , haha . 
  apparently because of an injured elbow on his dominant arm ( which is i guess also why he went off . ), 
  i went searching to find out under what circumstance one had to make a one handed free throw . 
  ca n't wait till that tppa gets signed and we all have to live by these wonderful us american ideals . 
  so that 's smoke from everything being instantly on fire , right ? 
  that 's a great question . 
  having studied human development and discovered how fraught it is being human , all the kinds of things we must grapple with to be effective , functional agents ; discovering and having a self . 
  it makes sense that we would develop not just institutions and systems , but institutions of the particular nature of those we find , wrapped in the kind of stories we 've put together out of our history and the present we find ourselves in . 
  if your family is passing down sweet wisdom refined over the generations , insight that helps you get on in life without religion , great . 
  but what about those who 've emerged from chaos ? 
  if not religious institutions , so obviously accessible , what else can a person access to help them figure out how to be a person ? 
  particularly those with nothing to offer but their person ? 
  until those institutions emerge , where needs can be met unconditionally , religion at least will have strong currency . 
  always keep an eye out for a good wall mirror !, 
  i was making a quip about house prices , rather than rebuking discretionary spending .
