  yeah , but his smile ? 
  terrifying . 
  at warp the object does not move through space , rather space `` warps '' to place the object in a different location . 
  because the machine with the broken parts is the machine that produces the parts and is the machine that repairs the machine . 
  perhaps the author is speaking to the function of their own psyche ? 
  certainly i experience the metaphor of the bus , perhaps more of a multitude of voices that become one ( ish ) . 
  but i do n't exactly have the most integrated psyche , whereas i know others who speak of quite a different experience . 
  it 's not unheard of where people feel completely like they 're in the backseat , while others like dexter might feel like they 're in the front seat while having a threatening backseat driver . 
  looks like he hit the spot and animalistic urges took over . 
  if there was a bitch instead of a corner of a soft bed there , things probably would have went different . 
  i mean , not that i know anything about animal rearing , just what it looks like . 
  an ama would be wicked . 
  well , he 's a complete idiot if that 's the case either that or very confident of his encryption strategy . 
  because really , who else goes to the media when the authorities confiscate something that implicates you in a crime ? 
  delicious sandwiches . 
  i 'm sure there 's some way to spin morality so that a delicious sandwich is an evil thing . 
  you 're not what a vicious circle is . 
  that dog has the look of evil . 
   `` he would give them fresh fish and chicken , not cheap canned food , '' he said . 
  irony is , he probably was n't feeding them a balanced diet . 
  allpress beans are my favourite , columbus for single region beans . 
  you need to let this dream go . 
  for iz to return jv would have to take back his word that he 'd never make a series again and nickelodeon would need to give up the rights . 
  there are a number of ways you could understand the phenomena , a couple of good suggestions have been made so far . 
  it sounds like a form of splitting or dissociation to me . 
  are your tendencies some more unsocial than anti-social ? 
  you might not need professional help , but few ca n't benefit from it . 
  there is a lot of insight about how we function as people , both within ourselves and the world , around that does n't get taught in schools and can really only be accessed by engaging with professionals or others who have done so themselves . 
  what 's not to like , right ? 
  awesome , thanks for the suggestions . 
  nice sentiment , however it seems that our current government is set on expanding its powers and limiting those of independent authorities . 
  there are truly gods living among us . 
  yes , i would like to eat some toast now . 
  he could have been carrying plans for a nuclear device made from cow shit on his computer !, 
  good thing arbitrary search powers !, 
  i 've found not many people are willing to be convinced that sadistic thoughts are okay and suppressing them can be more harmful than helpful . 
  yet in my experience thoughts do not equal actions . 
  in fact following through sadistic thought processes can lead you to find more certainty in why you * do n't * want that things to come to pass leading to a more integrated sense of self . 
  while constantly suppressing sadistic thoughts leaves part of the self disavowed . 
   prime minister john key opened it saying : `` anyone who is innocent has nothing to fear . '', 
  what a prick . 
  did he say that with a wink ? 
  it seems an nz citizen has to be not only innocent in the eyes of nz law , but also the laws of any nation our government is keen to cosy up with . 
  awesome , i 've been looking for a yeast based cinnamon roll recipe . 
  how long do these remain fresh ? 
  that 's generous of you . 
  you 're off to rainbows end ? 
  why work when you can not work ? 
  it does n't sound like people saw that bung-hole coming . 
  hahah , what a guy . 
  if you feel the music , you got ta dance . 
  i mean , that 's just how it goes . 
  alas , i can not not work . 
  for maple syrup maybe . 
  i pay up to $ 10 for a 250ml bottle of the stuff here . 
  advent calendars , what is with them suckers ? 
  they were so freaking magical when i was a kid . 
  i have not seen this film ... sounds interesting . 
  that 's f __ king meta . 
  from your posts i gather he probably just disapproves of being your * ex * boyfriend . 
  cold as ice . 
  hahaha . 
  i bet you 're some kind of gif master . 
  i sprinkle my bacon in cinnamon and dip it in a maple syrup filled shot glass . 
  we 'll call that 50 calories , sounds about right . 
  i assume they are both in slightly off-phase universes , one where she fucks , the other where its a video . 
  it 's not uncommon for these phase disturbances to cluster . 
  got plenty of points with the crowd . 
  let me tell you , i * did n't * go through your history and downvote everything . 
  cause ... that sounds like some kind of effort . 
  the concept seems too far away from most people 's daily concerns i 've found . 
  it 's like , people are n't thinking about death or the end at all ( which is one reason i love john green , it 's never far from his mind ) and so when you point out that considering the progression of technology that if you 're under a certain age life is likely to be indefinite it 's almost like `` well , is n't it anyway ? '' . 
  i think it is as you say , death is something people have thought about , come to their conclusions and put away for no further analysis ( as is the case for some people and their religious truths . ), 
  i 'm looking forward to the first time i explain this to someone and the potential actually dawns upon them . 
  them feels . 
  never let go of the beer . 
  you ca n't even buy green lip mussels at the supermarket anymore . 
  we get `` green shell '' mussels , but they 're not the same as green lip mussels . 
  might be just an auckland thing . 
  i 'm in !, 
  i 'm not a woman , but i 'm not sure what reason and attraction have to do with each other ... 
  just human : merely trillions of tiny highly functional and efficient machines working towards their own self-defined , collective purpose , host to trillions of other individual machines . 
  i came here to confirm honey badger do n't give a shit . 
  was not disappointed . 
  shaw and root are totally going to hook up . 
  they 're made for each other !, 
  the train on fire was epic i thought . 
   if you ask to be a mod i will never make you one, 
  can i be a mod ? 
  * phew * , that 's one responsibility i know i 'll never have to take on myself . 
   the prime minister , sidney holland , arrived at tangiwai early on christmas morning after a high-speed drive down from auckland . 
  he coordinated the rescue work by railway , army , police , navy , mow , local farmers and undertakers . 
  gives you a sense of how small nz was at the time , the pm driving down to coordinate the rescue . 
  i 'm spending christmas alone . 
  it 's a little depressing , but i still have it pretty good . 
  without a doubt . 
  russians are so strange . 
  do n't give a fuck about death and care about life at the same time . 
  i 'm more kind to animals as i see them as helpless and delicious . 
  that 's awesome , i need me some fringe apparel .
