  i mean , we 've been part of 5-eyes since wwii , so spying is nothing new . 
  but was domestic dragnet meta data gathering something the last government really understood and supported ? 
  my understanding of attraction is that it 's subjective . 
  i 've known hideous , scarred individuals with no problems finding love , and i 've known people i like that others consider undesirable . 
  so i just assume i 'm attractive to the right people and do n't worry about it . 
  i suspect the most attractive people are those who are happy about and enjoy who they are . 
  is anyone who is n't the pm or his cabinet in a position to make a sound decision about this ? 
  i assume there is a lot more at play than most of us can digest . 
  i have some ( very limited ) sympathy for politicians who have to make claims about what their stance would be before that have access to all the relevant information . 
  and when it comes to geopolitics , there has to be a vast number of considerations . 
  that 's a very specific group . 
  * young * labour you say ? 
  how can you tell ? 
  so wait ... if i 'm stuck at a exceedingly long red light at night , it probably means someone 's testing if i 'm drunk and i should go through it ? 
  brutal revenge . 
  i guess his staff can find work at whatever places take up his business . 
  he 'll fit right in , promoting wealth for the few at the expense of our most vulnerable . 
  i do n't really , i already accept that national is full of self-interested cunts . 
  for a photon of light that was emitted during the big bang and was just absorbed now , no time passed . 
  hahah , that was my thought . 
  is this guy going to fight for our right to smoke cannabis , champion of our personal freedoms this man must be ? 
  ( i 'm sure he was n't promoting a dangerous product to line his pockets , respected man of the community that he is . ), 
  hahah , well i guess we ca n't blame him , there are so few opportunities for real-world experience . 
  do you know how hard it is to even find the real-world ? 
  do it , however you can , do it . 
  sorting your shit out is one of the most honourable and rewarding things a person can do . 
  i imagine this is like how homes with books produce brighter students , but giving out books does not . 
  implying there is some other factor that results in both books in homes and smart kids . 
  can we just scrap it altogether , start fresh with a new agreement with the partners the tpp was originally intended for ? 
  yup , all that effort would have been worth it just for that moment . 
  i appreciate his honesty . 
  most leaders try to hide the fact they 're killing their followers . 
  i do n't think it 's misleading and to say `` simply '' is inaccurate . 
  the ratio of slaves to not slaves may be the best it 's been since the agricultural revolution , but there are many reasons why slavery exists at the volume it does today and it 's not simply population growth . 
  `` if you head north and keep going ... '', 
  if we 're talking about numbers there are more slaves today than ever in human history . 
  it 's up to you what context you put those numbers in . 
  if you want to minimise the issue i can see why you would put that in the context of total population . 
  not everyone is comfortable with minimising the issue of slavery . 
  it 's a choice to place slavery in the context of population . 
  if you 're insisting this context is essential , then you 're pushing the agenda . 
  i do n't think slavery is inevitable like death . 
  i guess that 's the agenda i 'm pushing ? 
  i 'd totally go for a row of glass skulls on a shelf . 
  meaningful for a purpose . 
  deciding whether something getting worse and how you measure that are value judgements . 
  you 're saying slavery is n't getting worse when it increases in volume if the population is increasing also . 
  i 'm sure that 's fine for your purpose . 
  do n't expand a few words into some complex argument please . 
  i have n't offered any judgement as to what is better or worse . 
  you are the one so desperate to apply a value judgement to the situation . 
  ` splain more . 
  if this goes ahead and nz is n't getting anything tangible out of this then i have to assume those responsible for making the agreement on our behalf are . 
  i had a court bailiff show up for an ex-tenant , but that was the last i heard of it . 
  dramatic !, 
  unsurprised . 
   he [ mr silva ] was in the biker 's blind spot . 
   i say that the problem with the crappy neighborhoods is not the teachers , but the parents who raise crappy kids . 
  its time for some parental responsibility here !, 
  you have to ask , what kind of kids will these crappy kids grow up to raise ? 
  you can demand parental responsibility , but many kids become parents without ever learning what parental responsibility is . 
  they raise their kids the only way they know how . 
   we can no longer assume the only people who would stoop to prey on children are unemployed drifters ... 
  we have n't been able to say that since freud . 
  only the richest could afford his treatment and he quickly picked up on a common theme of childhood sexual trauma . 
  he presented his findings and was quickly rebuked , so he infamously recanted and put the reports down to fantasy on behalf of the patient . 
  we 're near the end of the age of the gun , at which point this actually has a chance of coming to pass . 
  once drones and robotics become mainstream in warfare , no longer will a leader need the support of their populace and soldiers to wage war , they just need to own the factories . 
  that 's a popular perception of freud , but it has little merit or value . 
  newton was wrong about a lot too , but he ultimately paved the way for the standard model . 
  good science is n't coming to the right conclusion . 
  good science is making it clear how you came to your conclusion so subsequent researchers can improve upon it . 
  freud did very well in this regard and his work has changed the world . 
  psychology is a broad and heavily branched field . 
  there are many active professions today ( my speciality is psychodynamic psychotherapy ) that have their roots in freud 's work , and ca n't be understood without understanding freud 's contributions . 
  your view is common amongst lay-people and those in specialised branches of psychology that are very much removed from psychoanalysis . 
  alas , the wrong government is in power in nz if you want to put x ahead of profits . 
  hahah , that 's a very interesting response . 
  more like lockheed martin and boeing . 
  is that you mike ? 
  that sounds like insight to me ... no doubt some stumble upon it . 
  it 's plainly evident most do n't . 
  it 's not as simple as alcoholic =  alcoholic . 
  trauma and dysfunction ripples through generations and communities in complex but clearly evident ways . 
  and those things in of themselves do n't sufficiently explain the cycle of parental dysfunction . 
  but as you point out , intervention is effective . 
  good lessons are wonderful when you come by them , are n't they ? 
  i 'm glad you 've found what you need to find someone and raise a family you can be proud of . 
  you have riches i dream of and it sounds like you 've earned them . 
  it 's that new crazy pm of their 's , abbot . 
  whitewashing history , he is . 
  i. . . this is my dream so many days when i 'm in traffic . 
  is florida man allowed rockets too ? 
  thinking meat !, 
  you 're asking me to believe in thinking meat !, 
  it 's actually a prerequisite to death . 
  `` only those that are born are the ones that get to die . '', 
  i hope tv3 get a little more than a smack on the hand . 
  humans are disgusting and john banks is a human , wow , thanks tv3 , covering the important issues . 
  do n't mistake this for love for jb , looking forward to the completion of his political downfall .
