  down with them !, 
  if only this was a coherent value eh , where those who do have mental health disorders can be assured the help they need rather than having to seek out their own solutions , like self-medicating with alcohol , marijuana and other drugs . 
  what these things are classed as is best left to the professionals . 
  alas , people are far too free at using the word `` addiction '' without really understanding what it means . 
  i also note your response is a judgement against those who use drugs , rather than an agreement of the importance of support for those with mental illness . 
  this is the incoherence i mean . 
  people love to judge as if they care , but spend their time refining their judgements rather than caring . 
  a focus on the wrong , not the wronged . 
  so lets agree to focus on the help people need rather than the blame we can dish out ? 
  it 's only national 's weaker ministers that threaten . 
  more effective ministers get the job done , like in the case of the problem gambling foundation 's funding being handed over to the salvation army , something neither organisations expected . 
  sorry , i do n't think anything about you , given i do n't know you . 
  it was a general statement that fitted with your post . 
  yes . 
  i certainly find myself embarrassed by things men and those in positions of power do . 
  i have undoubtedly exploited my power for my own benefit without thought for those who want the same as me but lack the power that i came by through no effort of my own . 
  yes , i do . 
  my understanding of the issue goes beyond the genitals one finds themselves in possession of . 
  and my point was that this is incoherent because it 's plainly observable we go to little other effort to ensure the well being of those vulnerable to mental illness . 
  services available largely exist to attend to the well being of everyone else - life 's difficult if we have no way of dealing with crazy people . 
  there are improvements , but this is on the back of robust science that demonstrates promoting well being has economic benefits , rather than being out of any concern for the vulnerable . 
  it may not . 
  but it 's disingenuous to say that we ban marijuana in nz because of the well being of others when it 's plainly visible there are many in our society whose well being we only pay lip service to . 
  it seems our rules , laws and customs still favour some over others . 
  this is observable , it can be seen in the public services of nz . 
  there 's plenty of reliable evidence to show there is a portion of nzers who can not access the help and support they need . 
  children , victims of crime , people who struggle to make any fuss . 
  to make matters worse to make up for an inadequate environment some seek remedy for the resulting discomfort , only to become more vulnerable with the risk of punishment . 
  can you imagine the bitterness felt by those who 've never felt care being punished by a law they 're told exists out of concern for them ? 
  yeah , that 's a bit off . 
  a pie is a pastry . 
  this seems to be more a meat & gravy competition held within the context of a pie . 
  still , i bet they 're yum . 
  pnc - all day, 
  like isis ? 
  i think you 'll find power and control is the aim , not religious expression . 
  it might be a tool , usually conflicts are n't considered to be about to tools used to inflame them . 
  they 're about more fundamental human concerns of security , resources , freedom , etc. 
  there have got to be a few smart buggers patting themselves on the back for getting out of novopay early when they saw the writing on the wall . 
  i would not want to have them on my cv , particularly not at the senior level . 
  how did they even know it would hold up at all ? 
  this is actually something that i would do when i 'm pissed off enough . 
  inanimate objects need to learn their lesson !, 
  people who prefer to control children rather than care for them . 
  al jazeera seems to do just fine . 
  i guess reporting world news provides a lot more potential content , particularly given they do n't focus on one particular nation 's interests . 
  that you boss ? 
  haha , i like the subtle use of the umbrella logo . 
  they 're probably pros who know what they 're doing , but i 'm not sure what kind of checks you can do on a bit of roof to be sure it will hold your falling body weight . 
  not only that , but they follow the long term impact of significant events , not just what grabs headlines . 
  it 's like :, 
  `` here 's the lastest from syria . 
  next , we look at north african tribes dealing with the consequences of mining in wwii . '', 
  yes , rnz do some fantastic journalism , not the kind of thing this type of government ( or governments in general atm ) look kindly on . 
  it does have bias , they almost never report on qatar !, 
  it 's a non-western bias , so it 's very useful in providing contrast . 
  `` journalism ! '', 
  if aje means al jazeera english , i 'm watching that . 
  it 's very good . 
  i once had a flatmate from the us who assumed it was hyper-biased anti-america noise . 
  he quickly changed his tune and ended up watching hours upon hours of it . 
  it was great looking over to rangitoto this morning just at sunrise . 
  should have grabbed a snap !, 
  still , ca n't complain that my first impulse is to enjoy rather than record . 
  link the original , i 'll let you know what will work best . 
  seems like he 's appealed with `` water tight evidence '' that apparently was n't appropriate for the original court case . 
  what is the appeals process ? 
  surely you ca n't appeal just because you want to introduce new evidence . 
  i thought there had to be a problem with the case or proceedings . 
  i was once in the local division of the hells angels back in the '80s . 
  my membership was honorary , i was a toddler at the time . 
  my mum rode with them . 
  which kinda sounds cool , but was n't really . 
  i do n't speak to my family any more . 
  a free community event would seem more appropriate , rather than a ball for well-to-dos . 
  catch the 1pm news on radionz for the reader having a fit of the giggles . 
  i ca n't wait till the landlord sorts the hot water cylinder out . 
  totally wrecks my mojo trying to start the day with half a tepid shower . 
  the morbid part is that castration appears to be the best option available to him . 
  some might say a better option might be to cease committing sexual assaults . 
  but if you 've grown up and have never developed the capacity to command your sexuality , a powerful internal force , then this may not be an available option . 
  `` oh , * self control !, 
  * but of course !, 
  i guess i do n't need my genitals removed after all to end this horrific behaviour that i hate . 
  all i need is self control . 
  well blimey , how did i miss that small detail ? 
  and to think , i was all ready to get my balls removed . '', 
  unless we think this guy was seeking castration cause it 's all the rage in prison populations ? 
  that sure sounds like the whangarei i grew up in . 
  how do people find this stuff ? 
  i 'm not a smoker myself , but i have a few friends who i could handle smelling a little better that maybe i could encourage to make the shift . 
  hard work pays off . 
  cool , thanks for the perspective !, 
  the worst part for me is the front door is right beside where i park my car . 
  so i could have opened the door first with little effort . 
  life without ssd is tough , particularly on a gaming rig !, 
  i 'm sorry your circumstances are such that you ca n't leave your mother . 
  i wonder if there have ever been any family you have been able to count on . 
  family of origin does n't have to be your family of choice - of course , finding good family is no easy task . 
  good luck to you , i 'm sure you 'll persevere .
