  you need some kind of anti-magpie drone that covers you when you 're in the open . 
  i 'd care enough to take steps to insure i could n't accidentally stumble on someone 's history . 
  i do n't want to see that shit . 
  [ what are frogs ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvquix26rfe ), 
  / sees intro image of hot girl with a chainsaw ... 
  that 's bait . 
  yeah , i would n't trust any move to change the status quo to be anything less than a power grab . 
   how do i get my wife to believe me about this being an invented problem on my sister 's part and stop buying into her b.s. ? 
  you do n't . 
  you have no power over the beliefs of others . 
  maintain your boundaries or do n't . 
   stop smelling conspiracy theories everywhere . 
  this is the way it has always worked . 
  i 'm not calling this a conspiracy ( after all , calling things conspiracy is a long used tactic to dismiss genuine concerns ) , but because a practice is well established , it does n't make it legitimate or honest . 
  it 's a fancy term given to the dominant political values of the day . 
  you know , the whole austerity deal and gutting of community services in the name of making sure there is money for those who need it most : people who already have lots of money . 
  after all , if they did n't need all that money , why would they have so much of it in the first place ? 
  and our work ethic and drug use is because we 're bad people . 
  naughty boys and girls . 
  lazy , shiftless . 
  it 's certainly nothing to do with the grim conditions people are forced to grow up in , or the poor opportunities for genuine economic improvement available . 
  definitely the community services that national have let fail would n't make any difference to any of this . 
  maybe you should hold talks at schools where children go without lunch , explain how unreasonable their despair is . 
  or answer phones for overwhelmed rape crisis services , tell people seeking help it 's okay there is none , because it 's worse elsewhere . 
  you 're conflating immigrants and refugees . 
  if a person is resourced enough to go through the hoops of immigration and come up with the money to get to nz , they obviously benefit from personal resourcing . 
  the overall country they come from might be far worse , but their particular circumstances obviously offered them enough insight and resources to make a change . 
  calling people lazy full stop is lame . 
  it 's a worthless judgement that offers nothing but gratification to the person making it . 
  you are of course welcome to gratify yourself , personally though i prefer to do that in private . 
  calling people lazy is an excuse to do nothing . 
  to exercise power over the vulnerable and then blame them for the consequences . 
  you 're also ignoring the fact that immigrants are improving their economic circumstances ( or at least believe they are ) , while for locals they 're only maintaining the status quo . 
  when the status quo is bullshit , why bother ? 
  i 'm not sure how you define `` major impact '' . 
  but rape crisis is a good example of the kind of service that when difficult to access has numerous long term flow on effects , including increased drug use . 
  sexual trauma being devastating not only to individuals impacted , but also those who might depend on the traumatised . 
  there have been many stories in the news of numerous services across the country having to close or reduce services due to insufficient funding . 
  is it that you do n't think rape crisis services have been let fail , or that such services do n't mitigate the impact of rape trauma , or that rape does not result in trauma that impacts a person 's ability to function ? 
  i ca n't provide a thesis to prove any opinion i share . 
  * recently * national have indeed increased funding to some services . 
  exactly who benefits from this funding is to be seen . 
  however this is after many years of well established , functioning services have being left to fail . 
  acc 's sensitive claims services was the first easily identified service to fail :, 
  [ fears for sex abuse victims under new guidelines ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/16018/fears-for-sex-abuse-victims-under-new-acc-guidelines ) ( 2009 ), 
  [ acc sex-abuse claims down by 36 % ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/110951/acc-sex-abuse-claims-down-by-36-percent ) ( 2012 ), 
   the review also found that only 3.6 % of sensitive claims were accepted in 2011 , down from 60 % in 2008 , when national took office . 
  as i pointed out , rape crisis is only an example . 
  across the board national has been undermining health services , primary health care and mental health care are other examples and we 're seeing direct consequences , such as a large jump in the police needing to respond to mental health crises :, 
  [ mental health 111 calls jump ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/241033/mental-health-111-calls-jump ) ( 2015 ), 
  and yet , another well established service may be left to fail :, 
  [ lifeline counselling service may have to close ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/307597/lifeline-counselling-service-may-have-to-close ) ( 2016 ), 
  now these are easy examples . 
  there are many , many more examples that are more difficult to demonstrate in this context . 
  but i think i have painted a clear and coherent picture of shit turning bad in nz . 
  and for that we get to be painted as lazy druggies . 
  is that being lazy or being rational ? 
  i liked this bit the best :, 
   informed that one of his men had been missing for almost an hour , he immediately turned his command over to the platoon sergeant and , after retracing the rout e to the old position and finding the missing marine who was wounded and unable to move , carried him a distance of 400 yards to safety while exposed to hostile observation and steadily increasing sniper fire . 
  courageous man . 
  geez , this bashford antiques crowd sound like a bunch of national party donors . 
  it 's almost like this government does n't want to have to deal with a well educated populace ... 
   there was a growing need for foodbanks and funding was a barrier to them growing , he said . 
  i 'm confused ? 
  i thought everything was great in nz ? 
  it 's only people wanting a row that say otherwise , right ? 
  from a view of history it seems the pendulum of power swings between political power and religious authority . 
  yeah , so lets get to that . 
  at the very least get some genuine property taxes underway . 
  use that to offset income taxes so that for home owners earning in nz , the net tax difference is more or less zero . 
  or at least something to support the people who actually live in these communities , not just the ones profiting off it . 
  bbq restaurant on commerce st in the auckland cbd . 
  they closed . 
   it 's about her children paying the price for her alleged crimes and her stupidity . 
  how stupid is she really ? 
  what other opportunities are readily available that would allow her to be home for her kids ? 
  what kind of home business are you suggesting ? 
  yeah , it seems the value of parenting has gone by the wayside . 
  blessed indeed . 
  while i too know of sophisticated , driven individuals who can achieve much , i know of few who can emulate them with the same success . 
  for most responding to increased pressure results in something else falling by the wayside . 
  in general i do n't think quantity is being replaced with equivalent quality . 
  there 's the [ kohi tennis club ] ( http://www.kohimaramatennis.co.nz/communityuseofcourts.php ) if you can make it east of central . 
  $ 10 per person , book or just show up and see if a court is free . 
  what spending drops when house prices drop ? 
  if house prices drop , people can spend their money on local businesses rather than saving for/servicing a mortgage that is disproportional to their income . 
  this will certainly make up for national gutting rape crisis services . 
  white man behind a desk is hosting a [ google hangout ] ( https://www.patreon.com/posts/google-hangout-6741747 ) this evening for patreon donors and i 'll be stuck at work . 
  when you say that , who are you thinking of as the perpetrator of that abuse ? 
  what makes them blameworthy ? 
  so people who do n't believe in any kind of life force do n't think they 're alive ? 
  this is n't about hollywood . 
  this is modern human society . 
  freud first published about the problem of pervasive sexual abuse of children in 1896 . 
  obviously [ this did n't go down well ] ( http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/ciencia/supressed_inventions/suppressed_inventions16.htm ) . 
  the self service checkouts in auckland that i use wo n't progress until you have placed the scanned item into the bagging area . 
  if the weight of the item does not match it wo n't progress . 
  obviously you can still buy $ 9/kg tomatoes at $ 2/kg apple prices , but that 's pretty much it . 
  national is probably right about this one .
