  beat until mixed , but not much more than that . 
  bravo , well done . 
  / golf clap, 
  something i really enjoy about the ufc and mma is how it brings together innate but disparate aspects of humanity - our aggression and violence , along with our love and respect for each other . 
  often fights will end with the fighters expressing their respect and admiration of their opponents , their love for their team , families , god . 
  violence and aggression is part of the human experience , and ufc shows that we can engage in this aspect of ourselves without losing our love and respect for each other . 
  a lesson many of us could benefit from i believe . 
  my german opponents should expect to have to face mg in most cases - their mg , that i will almost certainly steal . 
  i hate throwing organic waste into the trash , knowing all the useful organic compounds are going to be mixed in with all the toxins and heavy metals found in a dump , rendering the compounds useless for anything but fill and methane generation . 
  much better i think for organic waste to be kept within the ecology where they are much more productive . 
  i think we would all benefit , all become more in touch with the world we live in , if these pictures were around all the time . 
  ideally side-by-side with images of abundance and excess . 
  good on ya , pops . 
  i live in an urban area , high population density , so composting is challenging . 
  also , not sure everyone would be keen on the idea . 
  having separate collection for biomass seems like a better solution . 
  mt eden is fairly suburban . 
  i have a few dozen people living within 50m of me . 
  i can know the face , know when we met , what i did before and after , how i felt at the time , any number of details . 
  but the name ... fortunately i know how to let things go , else it would torment me . 
  that 's certainly true in some cases , however in other cases a person may become more and more convinced the effort and discomfort of the `` real '' world is not worth it . 
  if one 's community is n't offering much of a case for the alternative ( i.e. 
  engaging with them rather than the online world ) ; that is they do n't offer the individual much reward for effort or comfort , it 's hard to fault someone who leaves it for what they see as a better alternative . 
  it 's easy to focus on an individual and their behaviour , much harder it is to see a community who treats the individual like shit , or never provides the individual with the tools to cope with and thrive in society . 
  i like playing soviets , i do get grumpy sometimes at how the germans with 2-3 mgs can dominate large portions of the map early on . 
  but you 're right , i can and do micro around that . 
  usually with 2-3 conscripts working together with molotovs , i can destroy a nazi mg and then that sucker is mine which i have found is a big set back to the germans . 
  by the time they can counter that with something heavy , i 've already got my at grenades and at guns . 
  most of my thoughts and experiences happen outside of conscious awareness . 
  only on deep and careful reflection can i find the unconscious sources of conscious thoughts . 
  i do n't have a physics degree and quantum physics makes some kind of sense to me . 
  which i 'm pretty sure means i do n't get quantum physics . 
  this is top quality mildly interesting , thanks . 
  last i saw homestar and strong bad was at w00tstock 5.0 :, 
  i think we could definitely talk about sex more , it 's a very powerful force in our lives and sexual exploitation of the vulnerable is far too common . 
  there 's this strange phenomena where we tend to act out what we ca n't talk or think about . 
  that song is so damn emo . 
  i would assume it 's 12 hours for all users during that time , so if the site averaged 50k * users in that time , it 's really 600k person hours . 
  * made up figure . 
  the agricultural revolution . 
  my mistake , the song is an uplifting , spirited number ? 
  you should have heard her scream , i would have been worried i 'd trigger a heart attack !, 
  seems like this guy ( halloween snowman ) will be popular on reddit for awhile . 
  self driving hexacopters . 
  i sure hope pizza delivering hexacopters becomes a real thing , i 'd love to remote fly a pirate ` copter to snag pizzas . 
  atp !, 
  atp !, 
  / cheer, 
  there could be big money in flying pizza i reckon , it could quite well be economic to fit flying pizza drones with anti-pirate technology . 
  or maybe this is a kids cartoon i once watched ? 
  japan is the best place . 
  it 's funny how more vulnerable children have less rights than less vulnerable adults . 
  if those children were adults , one would be arrested , the other receiving victim support . 
  awesome , love the sticker . 
  ever get people taking pics of it ? 
  i do n't think many people are moving to aus to escape some kind of persecution or threat . 
  i know of some who have some stuff to leave behind in nz , and other nz cities do n't suit them , sure . 
  but nothing that would be worth risking life for like these african migrants in the mediterranean . 
  so my sympathy is very limited for those who could live here but do n't want to , yet are unhappy with the place they 've chosen to live . 
  sure , do whatever is in your power to get what you want , just like everyone else . 
  but that 's nothing to do with `` fair '' . 
  lolz , wonder what they 're driving now ... 
  i suppose they 're probably disqualified from driving . 
  that 's one way to reduce your caseload i suppose . 
  wow , looks like someone came up with a budget . 
  well done !, 
  getting frights is a part of life , we 're quite resilient to them . 
  i would put a custard pie to the face soundly within the `` not awful '' category . 
  my mother is a grown woman , if she felt strong words were required she would deliver them herself . 
  that cat has an expression which says `` what has been seen can not be unseen ! '', 
  he 's all like `` i wan na go out there with you man ! '', 
  mashup of the two perspectives . 
  freakin ' epic bike run . 
  you had me at `` y' all '' . 
  my experience of the field of psychology is that it is very large and diverse , and how personality and character function is understood is fairly contentious and the validity of any tests are dependent on the purpose of the test . 
  the most robust empirically sound test i am aware of is the [ strange situation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attachment_measures ) , which measures one 's `` attachment '' to others . 
  knowing one 's attachment style can be profound , assuming you understand and are open to what it actually means , which without training or a helpful therapist can be difficult . 
  less robust , but much more similar to myers briggs in description are the psychoanalytic character styles , best described by nancy mcwilliams in [ psychoanalytic diagnosis ] ( http://www.amazon.com/psychoanalytic-diagnosis-second-edition-understanding/dp/1609184947 ) . 
  this is n't psychometric testing and can not be easily empirically validated - however it does find some validation in how it helps practitioners understand their clients and patients ( and selves ) , so to better be able to help them with their concerns . 
  and there are other tests still , to help decide if a person is more suitable for prison , or community treatment , or suited for a certain high stress activity , etc. , etc. , the validity for each test being dependent on its desired outcome . 
  so i guess what i am saying is how valid myers briggs is depends partly on what you 're using it for and how consistent the results are , which at least according to [ u/mockingbird42 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1p2cki/how_scientifically_valid_is_the_myers_briggs/ccy64qe ) informative post , is not very . 
  the correct question is `` baby or pies ? '', 
  we 're keeping the faith for the commonwealth in new zealand . 
  guy fawkes is still a much bigger deal than halloween . 
  i just do n't think anyone takes kindly to random kids rocking up begging candy . 
  pnc would be pretty sweet ... 
  came here to post this , surprised it 's the 3rd to top comment !, 
  well done great mind ( s think alike ) !, 
  i have so much love for brandon small . 
  best metal ever . 
  psychoanalysts and psychologists have known this for a long time , we all `` manipulate '' each other emotionally all the time . 
  what 's interesting about this study is the empirical validation , which is really quite hard for this kind of thing . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  maybe a bit of grass up the nostril ? 
  poked the brain a bit . 
  it 's a christmas miracle !, 
  or is it a miracle of science ? 
  either ways , damn cool . 
  yeah , it 's legit . 
  i bet that girl screamed .
