  so freezing . 
  lousy change of seasons , heat-haters use the first warm day to transform the office into a refrigerator . 
  not warm today ? 
  too bad . 
  biggest city in nz . 
  the nz part is the important bit . 
  black folk do n't tip where i live . 
  i mean , no one does , wait staff get paid just like anyone else working a job . 
  yes . 
  but not because the stereotype is an accurate portrayal of reality . 
  lolz , i 'm getting downvoted hard for that one . 
  people love to believe in their stereotypes eh ? 
  stereotypes are made up . 
  `` i have memory of black people not tipping '' does n't turn into `` black people do n't tip '' by itself . 
  it 's how it is because you perpetuate how it is . 
  it does n't happen by itself . 
  even if you could measure and find black people tip less , that wo n't tell you about the specific black person in front of you , which is why it 's racist . 
  and if black people tip less because they get lower service ( because they tip less because they get lower service because they tip less because they get lower service ... ) , that simple measure wo n't tell you this . 
   sterotypes come about because a group of people actually frequently do something . 
  can you cite an expert source for this ? 
  my understanding is stereotypes emerge from much more complex phenomena . 
  i 've worked years in the service industry . 
  but not in the us , so i do n't have any experience of what you 're talking about in regards to tipping . 
  even if no black people tipped , it does n't mean black people do n't tip . 
  it might mean people who are n't expected to tip do n't tip , or people who have been thoroughly disenfranchised in their community do n't tip , or people who experience daily hate for something they have no control over do n't tip . 
  you do n't know that . 
  you do know they 're black though , so that 's what you go with . 
  if i 'm the pc police , who are you ? 
  the `` i can treat people like shit if i want '' police ? 
  cause you can . 
  you can treat people in any way you like . 
  and you get to enjoy the community that results from this . 
  how 's that going for you ? 
  for the us ? 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think anything much of black americans beyond what is shared by all black americans : being subjected to a racist society that first enslaved them , then got all judgmental and uppity when they were freed and they did n't turn around and worship the white hero . 
  there 'll be no trouble citing then . 
  i got a bit beyond intro to sociology , i ca n't recall it being covered in the manner you 're suggesting . 
  but it 's a broad field , i 'm happy to learn new information . 
  live happily and with good cheer . 
  the urban hedgehog is more benevolent i think . 
  we have some living in the bushes between two right-of-ways . 
  had a neighbour raised in india who had never seen one before , thought they were some freaky type of rat , very amusing . 
  i remember sitting on one as a toddler . 
  do n't know why i did that . 
  i think it hurt but i ca n't remember that bit . 
  well that 's uplifting , thanks . 
  plot twist : nothing is real . 
  strawberry fields . 
  poor lady . 
  imagine not only having such horrific circumstances take place , but then to have it so utterly trivialised by the catch phrase `` a dingo stole mah baby ! '', 
  she 's probably got some kind of zen thing going on now . 
  i like read content being marked between computers . 
  that 's a gold feature , right ? 
  besides , the non-exclusive features are killer . 
  which is why the victim is understandably upset . 
  those with a full understanding of the situation , qualified to make a judgement found it was sexual harassment and serious misconduct . 
  having armchair experts who only have access to the media making out like the allegations were less serious than that is very unfair . 
  i give them cash from time to time , i 'm quiet happy for them to spend the money on drugs or whatever makes their day a better . 
  all humans are ultimately rational , our economic system depends on it . 
  if we want less people begging on the streets we need to provide better alternatives . 
  while begging is the best choice available to these people , they will beg . 
  lucky me got here late , top comment was useful !, 
  from our perspective , their actions will appear irrational , because of our own insight and capacity for coherent thought . 
  from their perspective , with the insight and capacity for thought they have , they will be making the best decision available to them . 
  if we want to help them make better decisions we need to offer them better resources , better options than begging on the street . 
  given the state of our mental health services and the general pressure those in poverty are under in nz , we can expect the continued presence of beggars . 
  has a [ perry bible fellowship ] ( http://pbfcomics.com/ ) vibe to it , i like . 
  it depends on how the studies conceptualise `` rational '' . 
  if you 're familiar with these studies you 'll appreciate that the concept is n't a simple dictionary definition . 
  it 's relevant only if you wish to understand the behaviour as opposed to moralising it . 
  i do n't really care about `` should '' where unqualified . 
  i wonder who gets to decide `` adequate '' ? 
  and i wonder how they can be adequate if begging is a better option ? 
  i am aware of these agencies , i 've worked in community mental health myself . 
  i do n't any more because of the grim circumstances compounded by insufficient resources to meet the needs of those seeking help . 
  you have just pointed out begging on the street is more profitable than engaging with these agencies . 
  would you act in a way you understood to be less profitable than they way you 're currently acting ? 
  0:40 is the best , the way it stops and looks at the camera , proud of its work . 
  then rarr !, 
  i do n't understand why the question is unfair ? 
  how would any person be expected to act against their interests as far as they understand ? 
  this seems like nonsense to me , it seems like you 're demanding nonsense of beggars . 
  yes , i 've worked in mental health and i 've studied human development and functioning to a high level . 
  i completely disagree with you that i 'm doing them no favours . 
  if people want to beg , they 're free to beg . 
  i do n't place myself in some high and mighty position that judges the lives of others . 
  we do n't do that in mental health either , we used to back when we tried curing people who had sex that made others feel awkward by electrocuting their genitals . 
  i 'd prefer we actually invested in our community services rather than judging those who do n't meet our criteria for deserving help . 
  is there anything you can do with all the points that get accumulated from subscribing ? 
  it 's ridiculous really , i only watch naruto , and i do n't even stream it cause the international connection is rubbish . 
  but i need to give someone worthy money for what naruto gives me . 
   so what you 're saying is that : `` it 's ok for us to fund their negative behaviours and reinforce that if you 're unemployed and living on the street ( voluntarily ) then all you have to do is ask to get paid . '', 
  i 'm saying i 'm not in a position to tell someone their behaviour is negative or not . 
   what has this got to do with anything we 're talking about ? 
  we 're not forcing them to do anything . 
  the support services are trying to help them in a positive way , but they refuse . 
  you were talking about forcing homeless people into agencies by not giving them money . 
  re-read your post if you ca n't recall writing that . 
   it does n't matter how much we invest in this , if the people themselves do not want help then it 's a wasted investment .
