  the belief it is is pure hell as i see it . 
  the belief that one exists in a place of eternal meaningless suffering is experientially no different than actually being in such a place . 
  so , i think it 's understandable we see the emergence of systems and traditions that tell us everything is okay - so that we can function in the real world . 
  there are many other perspectives as well - humans experience life in incredibly diverse ways , despite our societies masking this by normalising our lives . 
   enormous is a relative term . 
  indeed . 
  we are a very rich nation with a poverty problem . 
  focusing on the best at the expense of the pragmatic does n't help anyone i do n't think . 
  you should hear the gallows humour of therapists working in under-resourced rape crisis clinics . 
  their rape jokes could peel paint . 
   shoot the worker and then who will work ? 
  the next desperate person doing their best to get by . 
  sensible . 
  i like to shop in town but i really do n't need my socks to be as expensive as smith & caughey 's offerings . 
  whereas i buy all my books online . 
  people are ignorant in their desperation , mass communication is negligible , there 's an endless supply of desperate people . 
  people have complex beliefs and desperation makes us less rational rather than more so . 
  this is why we have the laws we do : because there is plenty of scope for employers to exploit vulnerable employees without them . 
  here 's the location on google maps :, 
  this article seems serious enough :, 
  at this stage i think it would be very surprising if the drive did n't work and all tests were the result of artefacts . 
  i remember studying child development , one thing we were told to look for when doing observations was how children would put on an outfit or a uniform as part of their play ( nurse and firemen outfits are common at play centres . ), 
  it was fascinating how the child as they put on the outfit became that thing , and how also the children around them responded to the outfitted child as if they were that thing . 
  i wonder if that 's a somehow related phenomena ? 
  i 'm not sure that reddit is coherent enough to have a single culture . 
  i imagine there are various `` regional '' cultures in subreddits and clusters of subreddits . 
  i often see reddit being considered synonymous with being us american , which may be the dominant group , but reddit is far more than that . 
  well , to be fair islam goes beyond being a religion , but also the form and functioning of a state . 
  islam speaks on issues of economics . 
  in some ways islam is closer to democracy and communism than it is to christianity and taoism as examples . 
  * shrug * i 'm not scholarly enough on the subject to refute you , but i 've heard sound scholarly explanations of the various facets of islam , which go far beyond what 's in the public mind . 
  you 'll note i said `` is some ways '' . 
  i chose these words specifically . 
  are you scholarly in the subject , or are you a layperson ? 
  you might consider crash course 's episode on islam in either case :, 
  every moment is an eternity . 
   i wish people knew how horrible these owners are and how they treat employees . 
  i wish people knew they did n't have to put up with this . 
  use [ youshop ] ( https://www.nzpost.co.nz/tools/youshop ) if you have issues with international shipping to nz . 
  i watched it not so long ago , and it 's not terrible . 
  more an adventure for the kids than an exploration of humanity 's place in the universe however . 
  for example :, 
   the funeral was obviously more important than this job so my mom quit . 
  exactly what 's available depends on how draconian one 's society is . 
  obviously someone in a north korean gulag has fewer options than most . 
  certainly for myself it 's much easier to maintain self-respect when the local laws are written to balance the power between employer and employee . 
  this is partly to do with scientific reporting . 
  at the moment it does n't seem it 's considered how people in general consume scientific information . 
  anyone who has done serious science knows that scientific thinking is quite different to how humans normally think . 
  all jokes are at someone 's expense . 
  except for puns . 
  they 're at everyone 's expense . 
  i wonder how they feel about robbing banks ? 
  odds more reasonable ? 
  sounds like my work day . 
  but without the fun . 
   2 ) the point is that we still have the power to do something about it now instead of waiting until it 's too late . 
  suggestions on how we exercise this power ? 
  maybe it 's meant to be read `` chocolate shop ampersand '' ? 
  hahah , yeah , i get a spike of deaths every time i accidentally cut power to sewage . 
  what 's a suzy cato ? 
  is that different from our current understanding , or is this previously undiscovered facet of the universe ? 
   interesting that they 've phrased loss in terms of profits instead of lives . 
  probably because there would n't be much loss of life . 
  i do n't think an eruption in the region would come as a surprise . 
  i 'm not a volcanologist , but from what i 've previously read there would be weeks of seismic activity before the eruption . 
  they should still be in nz imo , living it up in a prison cell . 
  maybe there were concerns of mossad making connections with the mongrel mob . 
  the more the government pisses off aucklanders , the better imo . 
  and it seems like hitting the wallet is the only way to do this . 
  it certainly could be spun that way . 
  the cynical part of my wonders if government pressure on the council is an attempt to undermine the local left-leaning leadership . 
  as an aside , can anyone provide a quick summary on the differences between mcbt and dbt ? 
  private insurance is n't needed , however there are definitely benefits , particularly for non-accidental illness ( which acc does not cover . ), 
  for example publicly you are likely to be on a long waiting list for non-critical conditions , but privately you will get quick treatment in much more comfortable conditions . 
  i pay ~ $ 800 a year for fairly comprehensive insurance . 
  it does n't cover dental or doctors visits , only specialists , surgeons and the like . 
  alas , i do not have a senator . 
  i 'm in a similar boat . 
  mindfulness plays a big part in dbt practice from my understanding and is core to many of the behavioural techniques . 
  hence my curiosity of how mcbt differs . 
  yes , `` appear '' is where i think my question falls over , but i ca n't think of a better way to frame it . 
  one thing i wonder about which i think relates is the potential that there is n't a `` beginning of time '' , yet at the same time the universe is a finite age . 
  of course , ignorance is wonderful for letting one consider things that are actually nonsensical with deeper understanding . 
  this is a very interesting and in-depth answer , thank you . 
  one day this will be seriously recognised : the need in business for a calm soothing person to help ease human < -  machine interactions . 
  technical skills being secondary . 
  it 's already a considerable proportion of human labour , eventually it will dominate , along with human < -  human services . 
  this is the reward of the / new browser ; an early shot at top comment . 
  no doubt many rich comments are lost to posts that never make it . 
  yes , i suppose i do . 
  true , i thought `` cables and a girl , i got ta see that '' and clicked . 
  and indeed , it was some fine cabling . 
  i ca n't help , i just wanted to say i hear your pain and wish you good luck !, 
  if i were you i would have more serious worries about what you and your son are going to have to deal with as the impact of climate change becomes more immediate and dramatic . 
  because girl . 
  dbt - [ dialectic behavioural therapy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectical_behavior_therapy ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure dbt is the dominant way mindfulness has entered into mental health practice . 
  my suspicion is mcbt is a way of integrating the benefits of mindfulness into cbt . 
  wow , that tunnel is massive .
