  those tabs . 
  say more ? 
  i 'm asking you to further express what you are saying ( by saying more , ) because i am unsure of what you 're trying to communicate . 
  like i 've just done now , given you seem to have completely misread my meaning . 
  that is so bizarre to me . 
  i was walking an hour to go see movies by myself when i was 10 . 
  regardless , i was asking for further explanation . 
  is it that you 're saying by voting i have a say on oil drilling ? 
  because it does n't feel like voting gives me a say on oil drilling . 
  maybe it was raised as an election issue , i do n't recall it being raised . 
  or maybe there are documents covering each political party 's plan on oil drilling , but frankly i 'm too busy responding to economic pressures to thoroughly investigate ( oil revenue does n't seem to come my way . ), 
  of course , this is all irrelevant if the public feels like it has no say , whether it does or not . 
  if you want the public to feel differently , an effort needs to be made to inform them . 
  it seems you 're unaware of the numerous ways the public can have a voice in a democracy other than voting ( public consultation for instance . ), 
  this helps me understand your perspective . 
  i really liked this when reading the books as a kid , how long hobbits live for and how long it takes for them to `` grow up '' . 
  so you accept that voting is n't the only way we have a voice in a democracy now then ? 
   if you seriously think a referendum on every issue of government is realistic , enjoy your fantasy bud, 
  yes , a referendum is another way the public can have a voice in democracy , alternative to public consultation . 
  no , i am not suggesting that we need a referendum or public consultation on every issue , or on oil drilling . 
  your said that our vote is our voice , but now we have two other ways the public can have a voice in democracy , and indeed there are more . 
   you just have to wait 4 more hours, 
  / checks time stamp, 
  maybe i 'm on the wrong sub . 
  i am after all already motivated , my participation on reddit a part of that motivation . 
  let 's see what 's at / r/staymotivated . 
  random idea that i am sure would have lots of problems :, 
  * tax cbd driving . 
  * ramp up cbd public transport . 
  * make decent ( secure , affordable ) parking hubs at the outskirts of the cdb . 
  you might have to make do with / r/hedgehog . 
  had a neighbour in auckland , had been living in nz a few years but not born here . 
  one day he asked what the spiky rats at the end of the driveway were . 
  i very much enjoyed explaining to him the wonders of hedgehogs . 
  that 's a solution to one problem , but it makes work in the cbd less appealing . 
  public transport from the suburbs is n't exactly a great time , particularly if you live off a main route . 
  i 'd rather be real than good . 
  a real person is complex . 
  it 's like the opposite of [ the announcer card ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uxzb5h4.png ) bruce buffer uses in the ufc . 
  everything is all coded ( with colour and font ) so he can see exactly what he needs to say next . 
  both are sad . 
  that seemed clear to me from op 's title . 
  the key word being `` suitable '' . 
  people can throw themselves at a mountain on a whim , or they can ensure they have the fitness and knowledge of the conditions to succeed the climb - and descent . 
  that 's the reality of auckland , any transport plan needs to accommodate this . 
  hence the idea of focusing quality public transport within the cbd ( and main routes ) with driving to the edge of the cbd an option for those spread across the suburbs . 
  childcare has always been expensive . 
  either seem plausible , maybe it 's both . 
  keep right going up , left going down . 
  got it . 
  making as much money as possible was their intent . 
  or generic ibuprofen . 
  eli5 how this works , particularly how the client transmits back ( i 'm assuming the same set up is n't at the other end ? ), 
  the best part of my childhood was probably living up north next door to a guy who regularly went for dives . 
  now i 'm an adult living in auckland , i ca n't bring myself to spend ~ $ 100 on a small frozen cray . 
  so one end transmits further and detects a fainter signal . 
  saved his quality of life , at least . 
  yes , it 's quite pragmatic about its situation . 
  `` do n't panic . 
  get out . '', 
  maybe a regular walk through the cbd , find some good reading spots . 
  you could get a visual diary and start drawing . 
  if you want to do stuff with people , you could try [ meetup ] ( http://www.meetup.com/auckland/ ) . 
  probably a whole crew , out for their christmas function . 
  haha , kids will make fun of anything i suppose . 
  i mean , given the response to the dead syrian refugee on the beach , it seems pics of dead kids do sometimes get results . 
  i 'm not sure about the rights of these dead children . 
  it seems the rights most important to them are long lost . 
  it 's messed up how we make it clear to kids that violence is wrong while leaving so many to grow up in violent circumstances . 
  it 's hard to figure out how to function as an adult in society when you 've grown up on the harsh end of such a contradiction . 
  need more sleep . 
  more sleep !, 
  not work . 
  no work , no !, 
   the article then looked at conditional transfers ( where the benefit is dependent on the beneficiaries fulfilling a social development obligation ) and found that they are much more effective . 
  it 's a shame the only real social development obligation we offer our communities is an insistence on looking for work . 
  there 's not much else available to the community if you 're not in the criminal or mental health systems . 
  i think we 'd experience social progress in leaps and bounds if there were more opportunities for early childhood development and other ways parents can engage in the community with their children . 
  but that 's expensive and the returns are much longer than an election cycle . 
  explain the scam ? 
  you could n't call that a scam . 
  it 's not something you can plan for , rather it would be a series of reactions , based on complex dynamics ( e.g. 
  the social norms of the father vs the social norms of the mother , etc. ), 
  perhaps the mother saw things differently once she saw the reaction people had . 
  being financially supported in raising a disabled child probably went a long way too . 
  [ campermate ] ( http://www.campermate.co.nz/ ) is a great app for finding camp grounds and facilities . 
  thank . 
  but then they 'd need to hire experts instead of minimum wage `` techxperts '' , otherwise known as sales representatives . 
  i worked for a software company that sold computer resource management software to universities and libraries in the us . 
  basically it allowed people to reserve and access computers for use . 
  an essential feature libraries commonly required was an automatic daily purging function of computer access . 
  i would say the rationale for this feature was split about 50/50 between protecting users and protecting the libraries . 
  it 's much more straight forward for a library to be able to honestly say they do n't have the data than deal with law enforcement . 
  people want to spare australia from the cane toad , but no one is thinking about the diverse toad based species that would emerge in a few million years . 
  unless of course i suppose they experience an ecological collapse like [ the reindeer of st matthew island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._matthew_island#mammals ) but on larger scale . 
  i laugh now , but when i have a couple of them things chasing me down things will be different . 
  interesting use of semantics in the article . 
  on one hand it talks about praise for `` just '' trying , when making an attempt is far from `` just '' anything . 
  on the other , it suggests the following semantic approach :, 
   `` maybe math is not one of your strengths , '' a better approach is adding `` yet '' to the end of the sentence : `` maybe math is not one of your strengths yet . '',
