  sure , killing is killing . 
  where there is life , there is death . 
  you have n't helped me understand what you 're getting at . 
  the old overlook in st heliers is pretty good . 
  there 's the main one which most people go to , but there 's one further up that has a better or at least different view . 
  this is the [ main lookout ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.8444256,174.8645443,151m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  this is the path to the [ old lookout ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.8446876,174.8651395,60m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , you can see the seat on the far right . 
  not so great at night , the house the drive leads to has a floodlight to shoo people off . 
  apparently [ this bridge is an excellent fishing spot ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.9064553,174.8561955,227m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) as the tide is going out . 
  just need a strong hand line to drop straight down , fish flowing out with the tide make for easy pickings . 
  this is exactly what is wrong with western society today . 
  you can both be a dumb shit and own a car that expensive . 
  you 've kind of scored an own goal by admitting to completing a stuff quiz . 
  or by having any expectations of quality from such a quiz . 
  very cool , thanks !, 
  i wonder if they 're not charging the 12 year old with the death to avoid a whole new round of `` new zealand 's youngest killer '' nonsense . 
  how you experience your feelings is developmental as much as biological . 
  what a person experiences when they have sad/bad thoughts differs from person to person . 
  some people feel sadness more in their throat , or the back of their neck or not at all . 
  you could ask `` what generates the somatic response to feelings '' , or `` why do we experience physical sensation associated with thoughts '' . 
  i doubt there are any solid scholarly answers to these questions yet . 
  well , there goes another bite out of any moral authority we might have with the iwc and other environmental agencies . 
  `` only those that are born are the ones that get to die . '', 
  how did you come to know what most people believe ? 
  i struggle figuring out what i believe , let alone the people i know believe . 
  and you 've got most people figured out . 
  your methodology must be amazing . 
  my understanding is religion and religious experience is incredibly diverse and difficult to make generalisations about . 
  that goes for concepts of afterlife and morality too , as well as the innumerable concepts and ideas captured in the multitude of religious texts and practices . 
  just sayin ' . 
  went today , was nom . 
  again , as i understand it there are a diverse range of approaches to `` the rules '' as you say , what exactly one is expected to follow , if anything at all . 
  even within the religions you mentioned . 
  i have n't seen any evidence to the contrary , popular media is not an accurate reflection of reality . 
  i do n't know which they is controlling which masses , i 'm not much for conspiracy . 
  i 'm aware of the understanding of religion you present , but i know of no primary source scholarly work that supports it . 
  it seems only possible to have this understanding when you limit your exposure to religion to that what you see on tv , wikipedia articles and arguments on the internet . 
  my understanding of people is that even in a single church , mosque or temple the beliefs and practices of the individuals within will be incredibly diverse . 
  in some organisations beliefs will be left unexamined , in others they will grapple with their beliefs . 
  the power dynamics you speak of work through all human activity . 
  all human history is soaked in blood , there 's nothing special about religion in this regard . 
  control and freedom are central struggles to any functioning society . 
  our governments have a monopoly on violence , that seems pretty brutal , but it 's almost completely accepted in the west at least . 
  a complete absence of control would be chaos and it seems we 're not up for that . 
  i 'm not sure of the strict definitions of these things . 
  protecting whales seems like an environmental issue to me . 
  seems an effective way of grabbing international attention . 
  people who make millions by juggling money rather than producing value . 
  it could also be your hot water cylinder is buggered . 
  i guess you 're not renting . 
  i was referring to jk making his money short selling the kiwi dollar . 
  producing value is work that results in a net benefit . 
  potential examples : loaning money that enriches the lender but leaves the borrower with unmanageable debt could be an example of work that results in a net deficit . 
  or producing cars in a manner that pollutes the environment may result in a net deficit . 
  usually this is framed as extroversion/introversion . 
  that 's a bit simplistic though . 
  i have the same experience , the reason being i do a lot of `` work '' when i am close to people to feel safe and comfortable . 
  the work is largely unconscious so i do n't notice it . 
  i just notice feeling tired and wanting to be alone/somewhere comfortable . 
  there are a lot of ways to deal with this . 
  managing my time in a manner that i 'm never social for more than a pre-defined period of time is one way . 
  i 'm working towards being truly comfortable in the presence of others as a better solution . 
  hi russel , thanks for the ama . 
  during national 's terms funding for community services have largely been either cut or frozen . 
  in the recent budget $ 10m was put aside rape crises services , something rape prevention education executive director kim mcgregor described as sufficient to `` stabilise frontline services . '', 
  given the devastating flow-on effects of sexual trauma , impacting not just direct victims but those who might come to depend on those victims , does the green party have any scope for developing what ms mcgregor described as `` fully-funded services '' ? 
  i suppose you need a job right now . 
  otherwise in your situation i would have enjoyed a good laugh , ending with a headshake , a small sigh , `` idiots '' . 
  ah , more money jugglers . 
  i was referring to his earlier work where he made millions buying and selling the nz$ . 
  you 're confusing religion with people . 
  you 're confusing your confirmation bias with reality . 
  having to conform at a catholic school . 
  who would have thunk ? 
   they do n't necessarily want to contribute to society . 
  this might be true that the person never had a conscious thought about contributing to society . 
  however we are social animals and by our very nature what to construct social institutions if they do n't exist and maintain them if they do . 
  i agree on the latter , but not the former . 
  unless we 're talking about an abstract notion of getting paid . 
  the urge to contribute to society pre-dates the agricultural revolution , even if the social systems were much smaller . 
  you 're right , it does n't have any real merit . 
  it 's good hyperbole is about all . 
  that is so freaking cool . 
  is that you yellowbeard ? 
  it 's heartbreaking there is no political will to address these issues . 
  but it 's complex . 
  people do n't act on what they ca n't see , and few really want to see how horrendous the impact of child abuse and neglect is , particularly those who have suffered this . 
  pretty sure a small fraction of the billions we 're spending on our roads would generate a much greater economic boost per dollar spent if spent on child and family welfare . 
  `` my $ 1.08 food looks like $ 1.08 food ! '', 
  fast food is a bane on our existence . 
  i do n't expect red bull to give me actual wings , i do n't expect mcdonalds to give me actual food . 
  do n't worry , men are n't missing out on anything but lip service . 
  very few care in any meaningful way for women and children either . 
  good food for $ 1.08 is as plausible as red bull giving me actual wings . 
  his point is flawed . 
  red bull explicitly advertises that it will give you wings . 
  mcdonalds explicitly advertises pictures of good food . 
  i do n't expect either from either . 
  what is your experience ? 
  my experience tells me otherwise .
