  i 'd be awful nervous driving that bus . 
  why i hate the education system : yelling is an acceptable starting point for teachers . 
  i was thinking they could never be indy - he did n't make it in the end !, 
  who gets strangled ? 
  wow , so pretty . 
  haha . 
  hey , i might start visiting youtube again !, 
  thanks . 
   `` people test that , and that 's what the courts are there to do - to determine whether the law does allow this or does n't allow that . '', 
  national : you have no rights unless you can afford a lawyer . 
  what one where ? 
  that people can test their rights in courts does not abdicate the responsibility of our government to ensure it is n't breaching the rights of its citizens . 
  why ? 
  because otherwise it means that only those who can afford it can expect their rights to be respected , which is against the values of our democratic society . 
  i 'm a thief too , i used my flatmate 's shampoo once . 
  i smile plenty , i think because i have mastered vicarious living . 
  sure , nothing great might be going on for me , but it still makes me smile to see happiness in others . 
  i 'm certainly happy to be composed trillions of highly efficient and functional machines working in unison , host to trillions of tiny symbiotic organisms . 
  `` no , bitch . '', 
  is a completer sentence . 
  genesis 2:17 needs to be considered when discussing the law and its role . 
  maybe horse feed is easier to come by than gas in the local area ? 
  interdependent trade is good for world peace , you do n't fight those you need to make your stuff . 
  when i do that i come away with bloody hands and arms . 
  you ca n't read one scripture without the context of all other scripture . 
  the first mention i can find of what our relationship to `` the rules '' should be is in genesis 2:17 . 
  that 's one way of interpreting that scripture . 
  i am not sure how you could coherently interpret the rest of scripture by following that method though . 
  if / r/conservative ever disappoints me it 's when it equates contemporary us republican party values with conservative values . 
  but that was the intention of whoever created the sub i suppose , so i ca n't complain . 
  well , i guess all spying on nzers is now justified , amirite ? 
  i could n't get past the first sentence of the second paragraph . 
  the article makes out like there 's a world full of `` normals '' with this tiny percentage of crazy bastards . 
  from a psychodynamic perspective at least psychopathy exists on a spectrum just like all other primary forms of character function . 
  as others have pointed out ( and gotten a surprising amount of downvotes for ) , psychopathy does n't exist as a diagnosis , given on its own it is n't a disorder . 
  fool cats can have at it . 
  the sea does at this point !, 
  that was n't at its deepest either , it was a bit hairy for a moment , they closed the road shortly after . 
  feel bad for all those in the 90 minute queue behind me that never made it through . 
  please excuse my 5km/h photo-driving . 
  no worries about the ocean , the waves were n't pushing the car , it was like a big puddle ( that just happened to be the ocean . ), 
  the two main things that worried me was the car stopping or the car not stopping . 
  the guy in front of me started slowing at the deepest point , just as my oil light started flickering , so i was like `` hurry , hurry !, 
  '' , but no brakes in the water either so i was really relying on the weight of the water to slow me down if needed . 
  you think its bad for them now . 
  give it a couple of decades , this will be every high tide . 
  just spent an hour in traffic ( normally 15 minutes ) , cars were making it through both directions , figured it would be fine . 
  it was - just . 
  also , no overland , ocean both sides and a massive queue of traffic behind . 
   planning restrictions should be relaxed to allow smaller apartments , which could be in the price range of hard-pressed aucklanders , english said . 
  i 'd rather we have less hard-pressed aucklanders myself . 
  it 's malice aforethought but i 'll give you an upvote anyway . 
  more like using vehicles to not get to work today . 
  is this manager at michaels and idiot or a genius for making mackie buy all the posters he signed ? 
  i mean `` well , people are not gon na buy ` em if they 're signed '' is just plain ignorant , but at the same time he got all them posters sold ... 
  the last time there was a storm surge coinciding with a king tide it was n't this bad . 
  it 's very unusual and typical that people park on that side of the road . 
  ralph would do a lot better if people treated him right !, 
  i 'm of the same mindset , the man is simply choosing not to be kindly , an option the sign left open to would-be urinaters . 
  this is my main concern as well . 
  i ca n't imagine square footage will be all they 're skimping on either . 
  yeah , we had word as well from someone who went earlier that getting past the flooding was no problem and it was clear after that . 
  sounded like a good deal . 
  of course , i had assumed i was seeing high tide , because it was the highest i 'd seen it . 
  but it was n't and by the time we got to the flooding with the traffic delay it was more serious . 
  he 'll get it right eventually and then * boom * , massive book sales !, 
  just hope it 's not in this case !, 
  we should watch out though , there are some scary , factual figures in that article . 
  i suspect you have a nice view over wellington harbour most mornings . 
  if your job involves repetitive actions , day after day , then i have good news for those wishing to escape such doldrums : your job will soon be done by robots !, 
  my car is a bit rooted from that flooding in auckland . 
  hopefully my mechanic can sort it . 
  i imagine they 'll be busy with that kind of thing at the moment all over the country . 
  aaahahahahaha !, 
  `` normal '' cat seen some shit . 
  did you previously have other small cats that mysteriously disappeared ? 
  i was more surprised by the flooding . 
  that 's not orion 's belt !, 
  root 's a psychopath , she loves power and wielding it . 
  the machine is the ultimate drug for her , allowing her to act powerfully and with impunity , while feeling a great deal of purpose and justification . 
  i would expect her to be fair giddy . 
  the machine seems to have a thing for reforming/exploiting psychopaths . 
  it 's a reference to a thing . 
  well if rick 's the rick-est rick , then beth 's the beth-est beth , and it seems that horses really do work for her ( see rixty minutes . ), 
  being a human doctor would be a step down . 
  i love how that guy 's right hand is already injured . 
  some people do n't learn !, 
  are we sure that * is n't * beetlejuice ? 
  there are n't any fat police where i live , but it 's a different environment . 
  there are high expectations placed on officers , however they are supported both by the police force and their communities . 
  i 've been to shows where you did n't need fireworks for guys to be screaming like that . 
  how can it be so ugly and cute at the same time ? 
  that was well snort . 
  it actually looks like the cat calls for the ham at the very beginning of the gif . 
  prime material indeed . 
  hey , we need you to eat those kiwis for our economy !, 
  golden syrup was how i originally had them when i was a kid . 
  kind of standard , delicious fare . 
  now i prefer maple syrup , but golden is still good . 
  the article might be rubbish , but i do n't see a lot of opportunities for kids to work that are n't taken by adults .
