  just make sure you get them to email you everything . 
  if they do n't just send an email asking `` just to be clear you want ... '' or `` as you asked i 've ... '' . 
   with users amused by the embarrassing gaffe . 
  and how !, 
  if only the same could be done for the ai . 
  fake history that could be mistaken for real history is my favourite fake history . 
   this seems like something people are wanting to be worked up over . 
  we 're cued up to get worked up because we expect it of hosking , which is another reason he should n't be moderator . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to distinguish between public figures and their public 's perception of them . 
  each feeds into the other . 
  this was when martin matthews was running things ? 
  i dunno , i reckon there are plenty who would n't mind that kind of attitude in parliament . 
  i believe he called him a cunt in a private phone call . 
  i think there 's a world of difference between not mincing your words and rallying bigots . 
  fair enough , i certainly agree . 
  but i 've felt like doing that before !, 
  i have to think there are plenty of kiwis who do n't share our concern for such professionalism . 
  without being ignorant or bigots . 
  professionalism does n't get in the way of some people being cunts . 
  the current government for example ... 
  yeah , more money for banks , less for the economy . 
   what were some of your favorite quotes , and or songs ? 
  i have no idea . 
  they 're so entrenched in my vernacular i do n't even notice they 're there . 
  they just pop up when the context is right . 
  like buying chicken it 's `` every bone broken chicken '' . 
  my favourite not-song is [ sown back together wrong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unkzpyswdt4 ) . 
  wait , when did english say this ? 
  did he offer a basis for this , or is this national 's standard `` you ca n't prove otherwise , so i can say and do what i like '' ? 
  what a cunt . 
  if life was pure politics , i think you 'd be right . 
  but we expect our leaders to be responsible adults . 
  kiwis are caught up in their daily lives . 
  english does n't get to drive us over a cliff just because we do n't all recognise the danger . 
  any idiot can say words . 
  but can you demonstrate you epistemological position ? 
  clearly expertise and disciplined knowledge is of little value to you . 
  can you say what does matter . 
  john fucking banks , everyone . 
  thank goodness his political career is dead . 
  this is why i would n't work for a giant it provider . 
  fuck working multi-million dollar projects that just get written off . 
  it sounds like you 're going to be fine given the comments and responses . 
  i just wanted to say , as some others have suggested , exploit the obsession if you can . 
  like selling the mushrooms , or doing science , or maybe just mastering obscure mushroom recipes . 
  maximise the reward . 
  having a benign obsession like mushroom collecting is a real blessing , as long as it can be managed , which it does n't sound like will be a problem . 
  children do n't have the right to a safe upbringing in nz . 
  i mean we 're not even trying on that count . 
  while that 's true , everything else is just a distraction . 
  which i guess is the point . 
  what happened to judith collins ? 
  in politics i mean . 
  i saw her in kohimarama today , so i know she 's still about . 
   delivering what exactly ?!, 
  i have no idea . 
  what exactly has the government got done in the last 9 years ? 
  not spending money is not an achievement . 
  i can stop spending money too . 
  i 'm not going to feel smug about some numbers on a screen when i 'm missing work because my unmaintained car wo n't start , or i ca n't date the people i like because i have n't bought clothes in five years . 
  when labour got ousted over fears of a nanny state ( oh noes , mah shower head !, 
  ) , they left with obvious , definable achievements such as kiwibank as well as a roadmap to further achievement , especially transforming nz into a knowledge economy . 
  national has n't saved money by being smarter about how services are run . 
  it 's simply cut budgets and demanded everyone cope . 
  any detail i 've looked at where national has claimed increased spending has turned out to be disingenuous . 
  the actual money available to be spent on individual people is less . 
  people of new zealand are growing desperate and we can see this playing out across the country . 
  national ai n't done shit but fuck shit up . 
  this is a good one / u/benji . 
  no , i 'm saying something completely different . 
  i find it hilarious thinking about parents who obliviously kept supplying new batteries . 
  they 've got to be out there . 
   as a person with the condition, 
  do you have a diagnosis , or is this something you 've heard about somewhere ? 
  not even orwell or huxley could come up with this shit . 
  the us is a dystopian nightmare for so many people . 
  what was he trying to do , finish a monologue before landing the punch ? 
  this one came out really well . 
   she ca n't run should she get into trouble . 
  reasonable concern , given it 's manurewa and there are a growing number of desperate people out there you might want to run from . 
  yeah , plenty . 
  not recently i 'll admit , but the article 's suggestion that you might need to run from trouble fits my experience of manurewa . 
  and troubled people are an expected consequence of national 's policies . 
  least they got their hi-vis gear !, 
  lol, 
   whether that is true remains to be seen, 
  whether that is true is something national is so far unable or unwilling to demonstrate . 
  there 's a mobility sign , i wonder if its a specific mobility entrench . 
  cool detail . 
  he 's powerful , he can deal with it . 
  national have been literally fucking us over with cynical decision making for years . 
  he can deal with it . 
  karma from friends , who would n't be in a rush ? 
  damn , shit was going down . 
  national can definitely claim to have made a difference in our society . 
  since they 've come to power , drugs and crime are much more appealing as opportunities for nzers . 
  `` mike hosking - hateful goblin of a man '', 
  i want to see that spray painted on a hosking billboard . 
  it 's up there . 
  what the greens are proposing is much closer to evidence as assessed by experts in the field , people with both experience and academic credentials .
