  i do n't know anywhere in auckland that makes a decent muffin . 
  everyone makes mini-cakes . 
  a muffin is not a mini-cake . 
  a muffin has a different texture and taste to cake . 
  mmm , delicious . 
  me too . 
  fortunately we came to a set of lights later . 
  i came along side the guy , indicated he wind down his window . 
  he did , i apologised , it was all good . 
  i intend for my next car to be a telsa . 
  i will be owning my current car for a long time . 
  i 'm not really sympathetic . 
  i 've tagged / u/gallowboob as a friend which has highlighted how much of their content i come across . 
  the thing is , i usually enjoy what 's been posted and rarely see reposts . 
  they do n't seem to be doing anything wrong . 
  and a lot that 's right . 
  given the volume they post , i 'm sure there will be mistakes . 
  but as far as contributing quality content and referencing sources / r/gallowboob does a stand-up job afaik . 
  are you allowed to move to nz ? 
  that 's the first thing you need to confirm . 
  ah yes , gabe 's greater internet fuckwad theory , full presentation here :, 
  well good luck . 
  you might get a work visa , but i do n't think nz is making permanent residents from fruit pickers currently . 
  that works both ways actually . 
  physical illnesses pegged as psychological , psychological illnesses pegged as physical . 
  often the illnesses being complex interactions between both and also external phenomena . 
  i think that is the aim . 
  the issue is of course that nature is far greater than our capacity to understand it without the use of objects and symbols . 
  ideas like the distinction of physical and psychological providing a useful way of reliably dealing with a lot of problems we face despite their limitations . 
  fantastic device the guillotine . 
  did you know it does not discriminate against rich or poor ? 
  it chops heads without regard for status . 
  what would we do without such an invention ? 
  the us government has gone full 1984 with the naming of its legislation . 
  spirit of adventure mate !, 
  it 's confusing , eh ? 
  we should totally spend millions to change it . 
  it 's definitely in society 's interest . 
  i would be concerned about the laws that make this possible . 
  the most hardcore thing about these traditional tattoos is they 're done by carving into the skin rather than injecting pigment under it . 
  next time you hear the police talk about resources and priorities as a reason why certain crimes do n't get investigated , remember that this is where currently priorities lie in the police . 
  has anyone seen anything more substantive than national 's stories about these services being `` hobby horses '' and `` topsy '' that demonstrates these services are indeed over-funded and producing less value than is being invested in them ? 
  my experience in the industry before these cuts and at the time national was started to freeze funding was an industry always struggling to maximise the use of the limited funding being received . 
  i think national is exploiting our general naivety about the nature and volume of community violence that exists to cut funding to services where those who need them struggle to find a voice to speak up . 
  the current government seems to think it only has a responsibility to those who voted for them . 
  the most vulnerable in our communities ? 
  someone else 's problem . 
  to be fair , the police have to work based on the priorities set by the minister of police . 
  the principal is probably receiving encouragement and support for their brave but difficult decision to respect a parent 's disciplinary measures . 
  we had a bit more time on our hands in those days i think . 
  these days i think we 're much more likely to be overwhelmed by day-to-day social and economic pressures to be able to participate more fully in our government 's politics . 
  in addition to the displaced clients , both current and future , will be the experienced counsellors and therapists who now will need to find alternative work . 
  this will likely outside of mental health because there is n't the funding for this kind of work in nz at the moment . 
  such a creepy thing to do . 
  proved :, 
  it 's a lot of money when the government is overseeing the collapse of our community and public mental health services . 
  i guess there might be a difference between fucking humans and fucked humans . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with you , but while the government is cutting funding to those who desperately need it , they can expect and deserve this kind of scrutiny . 
  yeah , but who cares ? 
  if the government is cutting funding where it 's desperately needed then they can expect all other funding to come under scrutiny regardless of any perspective that one might be able to find . 
  when i say `` desperately needed '' i 'm imagining actual desperation , you know , like that of young adult who has grown up with sexual violence looking for help . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , except general government policy . 
  you might misunderstand my position . 
  i am saying scrutiny on spending is the expected and deserved outcome of those policies , however unreasonable that scrutiny may be . 
  given how i 'm continually steeling myself against the knowledge of what is happening to those missing out on critical services cut due to government funding policy , i generally struggle to have much sympathy for anyone , myself included , struggling with less than that . 
  we all deserve this bullshit we voted for . 
  i do have to say , in addition to my other comment . 
  1.75 fte ? 
  luxury compared to working even .25 fte at a rape crisis service . 
  each fucking hour would be an eternity , knowing no one gives a fuck . 
  yes , the national party sets general government policy . 
  please , i am not trying to blame anyone . 
  i am saying that this is what we get . 
  and frankly we need to harden up , because there are some getting it much worse . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  my cause is to express myself , not to be some kind of do-gooder . 
  there 's no comparison . 
  i mean , what 's even one hour working with a woman , listening to her tell you horrific things that as someone trained as you are you know impacts her children , understanding how it would be such an amazing struggle for her to make each session , knowing you 're going to have to scrub them if they miss the next one because there 's a long waiting list of people just much like her ? 
  knowing you might have to scrub that whole list and be looking for work if the service shuts down ? 
  that work is hard enough when you have some flexibility with hours and resources . 
  it 's a nightmare when you have to be cold hearted too . 
  i mean that shit becomes traumatising for the * clinicians * . 
  i mean , maybe 1:70 ? 
  who can say . 
  are you some kind of psychopath ? 
  maybe , i guess it depends what we think a psychopath is . 
  you seem to empathise with numbers , i empathise with human experience . 
  do we think a psychopath would be more able to empathise with numbers or human experience ? 
  hmm ? 
   i 'm stating quite clearly that 70 hours per week of work is more than 10 hours per week . 
  that 's a factual statement . 
  agreed . 
   doing seven times as much work is seven times as tiring . 
  this is not a factual statement . 
  in fact it 's clearly not true as some find their work energising and ca n't wait to get back to it . 
  gee , i 'm sure no psychopaths have figured out that people on parole are extremely vulnerable and ripe for exploitation . 
  sometimes , yes . 
  however there is so very much going on inside us . 
  for example very early , particularly pre-verbal trauma can be a source of anxiety not accessible to the ego . 
  thank you .
