  growing up is what transforms a child into an adult . 
  it seems children in nz can expect to be abused by their family , and then by the legal system . 
  if you child is alive at age 7 you must have put at least some effort into raising her . 
  if she does n't have any serious behavioural problems you probably put a lot of effort into raising her . 
  am i wrong ? 
  can you not think of times you have exhausted yourself for her benefit , where you 've held back your anger because it would n't be helpful ? 
  can you imagine alternative environments your daughter could exist in where such insight might not be so obvious ? 
  are you aware of nz 's internationally recognised high levels of child poverty and domestic abuse ? 
  i think in all cases our legal system should consider the individual 's circumstances , and in fact i believe it does . 
  however it is still lacking , there is still much more improvements that could be made around how we handle these terrible cases . 
  i think of humans as evolved organisms before i consider moral agency . 
  i suspect you raised your child out of love and desire for her success more than moral obligation . 
  i do n't think your child knows not to kill people cause you told her it 's bad but rather it 's because you 've given her an experience of a happy life that does n't involve violence . 
  because you do n't force her to cope with things she had not yet developed the capacity to deal with by protecting her from the harsh aspects of the world and yourself . 
  children learn much more from what they experience than what they 're told . 
  as adults i think we can forget what it 's like to exist without the benefit of our adult cognitive capacity . 
  good/bad are subjective . 
  we all act in ways that we think are ultimately good for us . 
  what horrible circumstances led to these children thinking a violent robbery was in their best interests ? 
  i imagine bailey kurariki is doing much better out of the media spotlight . 
  i ca n't see how an adult trial contributed to his rehabilitation . 
  the label `` nz 's youngest killer '' surely would have no impact on anyone . 
  as children do . 
  too bad we could n't have handled the case without constant headlines of `` nz 's youngest killer '' . 
  holding a child accountable is one thing . 
  holding them accountable as if they were adults ? 
  that 's just ignorant . 
  you do n't actually know what this child 's concept of `` wrong '' is . 
  whatever it is , it will be greatly influenced by their life 's experience . 
  if they have an inkling that adults beating children is wrong , but see that happening all the time , their concept of wrong is going to be muddled . 
  any time a subjective agent sets out and kills someone , it must have been a good choice for that subjective agent , as far as they were aware . 
  now we might agree that * objectively * murder is bad , but that has little bearing on that agent 's subjective perception . 
  yes , i mean having a visceral experience of violence . 
  a child has to compromise themselves to cope with violence directed at or near them ( seeing those you depend on threatened is as if you were threatened when you are little ) . 
  maybe they have to shut down their empathy , deny their emotions , or maintain obsessive behaviours . 
  stuff that skews their perception of reality , of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . 
  by the time we reach adulthood we have all sorts of defensive capacities that protect us against life 's painful edges . 
  of course , you only need to look to a combat zone to see that adults can be overwhelmed as well . 
  there are many well accepted models of child development that help us understand the difference between being grown up and not . 
  for example [ erikson 's stages of psychosocial development ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erikson%27s_stages_of_psychosocial_development ) . 
  thank you . 
  this kind of thing makes me angry ( treating the vulnerable as if they are not ) , but it 's a difficult subject giving the tragic circumstances and i do n't blame people from not seeing my point . 
  i just believe the tragedy occurred long before this poor man was killed . 
  if you 're a child being held accountable as an adult , absolutely . 
  is there any other time it 's acceptable for adults looking to feel better to exploit the vulnerability of a child for that purpose ? 
  no , and i 'm dismayed that people do n't grasp the difference between objective and subjective . 
  this is an important point . 
  is it clear that the investigation is at the commissioner 's discretion , is are they actually unable to without the appropriate complaint ? 
  if it 's the former , that is very concerning given the current political climate ( of toe the line or lose your statutory powers ) . 
  now i have to ask if you are taking the piss . 
  you 're saying a 13 year old who robs and kills a man * does n't * have mental issues ? 
  you 're pathetic . 
  i doubt you 're so thick that you ca n't think of something that is n't an adult disciplinary process or punishment but recognises the severity of what happened , perhaps something involving the responsible adults in the child 's life . 
  but it 's easier to think `` bad people bad , good people good . 
  me good . '', 
  why are the only available options to you are charge a child as an adult or do nothing ? 
  neither of us know how i would respond if it was someone close to me . 
   your trying to protect a ` murderer ' as if he is some innocent victim, 
  no i 'm not . 
   he knew what he was doing, 
  you do n't know that . 
  i figure people want to this child charged as an adult to feel a sense of justice . 
  i think it 's disgusting when adults demand a child meets their needs . 
  vulgar . 
  pathetic . 
   there are children half his age that know it is n't alright to kill someone , i do not for one second believe this child did n't realise they were not allowed to murder people . 
  there are all kinds of people in the world . 
  knowing one person does not give one complete insight into everyone else . 
  you know next to nothing about these boys . 
   i 'm coming from a neutral perspective and by the looks of things many others share the same point of view . 
  many people shared the point of view that slavery was fine , you 're offering a poor argument . 
  i 'm coming from a perspective that understands the development and capacity of children , what children need to thrive , what disrupts their development and the likely outcomes of any disruption . 
  our justice system is far from simple . 
  you ca n't pretend it 's not . 
  there are many circumstances where it appears a person deliberately kills another and that person would not face charges . 
  why do you assume that because i want the child 's age to be better acknowledged in addressing their horrific actions , that i think their actions are acceptable ? 
  these are hardly simple facts . 
  very reductive , sure . 
  but that 's not reality . 
  i know , right ? 
  get a comprehensive medical text book , rip out a dozen or so pages . 
  in one hand you will be holding what i know about human ailments , the other what i do n't know . 
  i 've never studied medicine , from that you should be able to figure out which is which . 
  you 're either twisting my words or you lack reading comprehension . 
  i said it was that they *** believed *** it was a good choice for them at the time based on their subjective perception . 
  that 's why they did it . 
  it 's implausible to say that they decided that it was a bad idea that would not benefit anyone but went ahead with it any way . 
  i also will leave a pointless comment . 
  how exactly did vin diesel perform as groot ? 
  yeah , it 's nice and convenient to disavow your citizens when they start getting up to no good . 
  if your citizens commit war crimes , charge them or maybe send them to the hague ? 
  that 's definitely a question that we unfortunately have to grapple with given how our society seems to be generating child killers currently . 
  our laws recognise the limits to culpability based on a person 's capacity , they 're just not doing a good enough job with children at the moment . 
  our laws have n't caught up with our understanding of child development . 
  it has some to do with it within human systems . 
  there are many examples where a subjective agent 's understood perception will impact other subjective agents ' response to agent 's actions . 
  that 's not a given . 
  certain conditions need to be met for this to be likely . 
  it 's not difficult to compromise a child 's capacity for judgement , also by virtue of being a child that capacity is limited regardless . 
  the part where reality is apparently simple .
