  if you 're a friendly enough i 'm sure you 'll find plenty of people to pal around with in and around the hostel if no one here takes up your offer . 
  probably tourists rather than aucklanders , which may not be a bad thing . 
  i hope you have a good time while you 're here !, 
  just staple gun that shits straight into the back of the phone !, 
  novel . 
  i think the pain goes away because the mind and body are n't as distinct as we sometimes consider them to be . 
  or maybe it 's just because i believe that ? 
  seriously though , when i was studying around 2008 a professor talked about research where physical wounds heal faster if you write distressing/difficult thoughts and feelings in a journal . 
  i could n't find that particular study , but it seems the research is repeatable according to this [ 2013 study . 
  ] ( http://www.medicaldaily.com/how-writing-heals-injuries-expressive-journaling-can-speed-physical-recovery-263320 ) i 'm not sure we can magic away illness and injury but it seems we can influence our body 's response to it . 
  homeopathy ? 
  what about [ vitamin pills ] ( http://www.salon.com/2013/06/25/are_vitamins_a_billion_dollar_scam_partner/ ) ? 
  you can get them in the supermarket and they 've never been shown to have any benefit to anyone but those with a diagnosable deficit . 
  the rationale for selling them is people want to buy them . 
  it 's a complex issue , i think you 're right that education is the best way to deal with it . 
  denying people choice has to be a last resort , if only because it 's so difficult . 
  i 'm all for the continual improvement of our education system as well as quality community services where people can seek the insight they need to best get their needs met . 
  addressing poverty is also important , grinding poverty can make a person deaf to the apparently rational world . 
  perhaps it was controversial ? 
  upon my commenting on how it must be harder for the poor in chile , my chilean flatmate gasped `` no !, 
  everything is so expensive here , it must be so hard being poor ! '', 
  i did tai chi for a few years . 
  i never got to martial application . 
  i was n't till i knocked over my beer with my elbow and caught it in the same motion that i realised how much my reflexes had improved . 
  i was so happy that my mate saw it happen !, 
  worth it , thank you . 
  i hope / u/editingandlayout sees this . 
  mexicali in mission bay has probably taken the crown of `` worst mexican restaurant '' in auckland . 
  maybe he was trying to do what he thought was a solid for malcolm young ? 
  they could have had some `` if i get old and buggered , kill me '' pact . 
  any social worker doing a good job will be haunted by the job . 
  any social worker who is n't haunted surely must be a psychopath or otherwise very adept at splitting off their empathy . 
  indeed . 
  my point is they will be haunted , regardless . 
   microchipping a dog costs about $ 40 . 
  phillips said their concern was not money , but about the council `` running riot over people '' . 
  what a couple of idiots . 
  consistently and coherently applying the law is not `` running riot over people '' because you want to be exempt . 
  wow , that 's cutting . 
  i like it !, 
  it just crossed my mind that there are people who have n't seen beetlejuice . 
  those lucky fools getting to see it for the first time . 
  crickey , i think we all are . 
  fingers crossed graphene !, 
  i went to a country club once , it was a culture shock . 
  death is the real tanning bed prank . 
  anyone seen [ four lions ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1341167/ ) ? 
  i guess if this turns out to be a simulation then i suppose they 'd be right . 
  `` take photos of this truck and spread the news . '', 
  op doing florida man 's work . 
  if we 're lucky he might find himself blacklisted from the general populace , at least for awhile . 
  i guess that 's why you wear a helmet . 
  i wonder what proportion of houses in auckland increase in value more than the median wage per annum ? 
  it 's a good time to be wealthy in nz . 
  that 's 81 now on the watch list . 
  sometimes i prefer honesty over eloquence . 
  i 'm pretty sure john key just called me a cunt as well , a pathetic cunt no less . 
  much more eloquent though of course . 
  page 3 , second column from the right `` water proven to exist on mars '' is an interesting read . 
  on page 3 , top of second column from the right . 
  found here :, 
  i wish people would care about actual spying rather than fantasy spying . 
  it depends if you count children or not . 
  the vulnerable are much more at risk of sexual abuse than competent adults . 
  [ this bridge ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.9065877,174.8560298,19z ) as the tide is going out . 
  / r/raisedbynarcissists, 
  face to the ground . 
  that 's what . 
  i get what you 're saying , but it 's a knee-jerk reaction to a sharing of a link . 
  naw , my mate has though , caught a fat kawhai . 
  you just got a fair ways to haul it up out of the water , so bring muscle and heavy line . 
  beautiful pics , thanks . 
  ah , yes , the `` apology '' where the person saying sorry points out they did n't actually do anything wrong because of reasons . 
  start using his power and authority for nzers rather than himself and his mates ? 
  he 's called a terrorist , but it does n't seem terror was his aim from what 's described there . 
  wanting to destroy something is n't the same as terrorism i do n't think . 
  it 's a direct response to your question . 
  i guess you were taking piss . 
  i met horvitz once , i really liked him . 
  cool post !, 
  it 's not like that at all . 
  you suggested that all john key could do was apologise . 
  i 'm suggesting he can do a lot more than that , specifically change his attitude towards the country and his job . 
  i guess , but by this point the word `` terrorism '' is a political term , largely empty of any descriptive function . 
  lolz , barging in eh ? 
  on the internet no less . 
  you 're taking the piss . 
  you question is not genuine but rhetoric . 
  sure , if you hold a tight frame that excludes everything but a specific action , you could say there is nothing else to be done . 
  i do n't buy that though . 
  me , having a joke with my mate , that offends my aunt that overhears . 
  in that case your strict frame would be appropriate . 
  in this case however we have the pm publicly making light of serious circumstances that do n't directly affect him . 
  reducing the situation to a person making a joke and then apologising for any offence is taking the piss . 
  john key is nz 's leader . 
  his behaviour and attitude influences the behaviour and attitude of the nation , especially those in similar positions of leadership and power . 
  from friends who work in sex health clinics , i can assure you it 's not auckland 's first glory hole . 
  i prefer a dialectic approach to knowledge and argument , but i 'll keep this in mind . 
  no one had to . 
  you wanted to .
