  eating disorders are n't necessarily a body image issue either . 
  `` addiction '' is n't a very useful term in mental health practice i do n't think . 
  i think you 're confused if you think you 're an authority on belief . 
  yes , and it sounds like you 're confused . 
  it sounds like you are saying human beliefs are purely conscious and completely coherent . 
  investigation finds that our beliefs are very complex and are rarely `` true/false '' dichotomies . 
  you ca n't blame the nzherald . 
  they could n't let something so trivial as journalistic integrity get in the way of publishing some fantastic hey martha . 
  you might not be confused , but you are incorrect . 
   it 's really simple : they either take it to be true or do n't , that is : they either believe it or do n't . 
  this is untrue . 
  it 's a weak definition . 
  as the universe far exceeds our capacity to understand it , to function in the world as we find it we often are forced to accept contradiction both within the universe and in ourselves . 
  there 's also the unknown to consider . 
  this has considerable impact on the nature of our beliefs . 
  it is completely possible and totally normal for a person to believe and not believe something at the same time . 
   this is irrelevant, 
  this is central . 
  the reason we have beliefs is because we can not * know * . 
  and we are constantly faced with things beyond our understanding that we regardless need to grapple with . 
   ok , so you just proved my point , accepting contradiction is not believing something . 
  this would be true if we could be easily and always aware of our contractions . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  what actually happens is the contradiction is left out of awareness . 
  if you want to go any deeper about the nature of beliefs then you have to leave religious beliefs behind , because religious beliefs are far abstracted from the fundamental belief and knowledge systems of the human organism . 
  in fact , as you learn about these systems it becomes clear why religious and other belief systems repeatedly emerge in human society . 
  life is far , far , far more complex than whether the room is on fire or not . 
  forget about the fire , what about your beliefs about beliefs ? 
  are they simple or complex ? 
  could you have any contradiction in your beliefs about beliefs that you might not be aware of , or have you somehow managed to understand the full sum of what beliefs are and thus are certain you have a completely coherent belief system around beliefs ? 
   beliefs collapse to a point and your brain acts on its representation of the state of the universe , no matter how complex, 
  according to whom ? 
  what model of understanding are you using here ? 
  please do n't say logic , if we could rely on the logic of laypeople , we would n't need scientific disciplines . 
   so if you want to call this something else , but i 'm calling this beliefs : the representation of the state of the universe your brain uses to decide when called upon to act . 
  this is not something that is accessible to us . 
  it makes the concept of belief meaningless . 
   according to the universe . 
  oooh , i see . 
  of course i am going to dismiss a discussion where there is no agreement of definitions . 
  of course what you say is true if we stick to your arbitrary frame . 
  the problem is the universe exists beyond any frame we construct . 
  i 'm mostly disagreeing any time you say `` when you say x it seems like you mean y '' . 
  but it would take too much writing to correct your assumptions . 
  that 's why this went off the rails . 
  so what you 're saying is we can each believe what we like ? 
  really enjoying the women 's cricket . 
  the kiwi girls have been making some great catches . 
  it always comes down to what is your priority ? 
  holding parents accountable or making sure children get their basic needs met ? 
  denying parents as a way of holding them accountable sure is straight forward . 
  looking after kids in a complete way , at least for ~ six hours a day , while less straight forward has much more significant benefits in the long term . 
  and it 's by no means a novel approach , its effectiveness can be seen in many places in developed nations . 
  yeah , i like wayne . 
  i needs season 5 . 
  the world needs it . 
  i 'm preparing the dough for [ this pizza ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qttv8 ) tonight . 
  arrive hungry . 
  i hate four way stops . 
  either give way/yield one way , stop the other . 
  if it 's too busy for that , lights or a round-about . 
  four way stops are too hard for so many drivers . 
  there 's a lot of money in that bond system , must only be growing as the rental market increases . 
  there are plenty of twin studies out there and something you learn early is not to get caught up in anecdote . 
  which can be difficult because some cases are truly fascinating . 
  you can find separated twins who live bizarrely similar lives , but for the bulk of the sample the similarities are typically much less clear . 
  fringe was very much like this . 
  it made for odd watching , because at the end of every season i was left wondering at the end of each season if that was the final outcome or not . 
  i do n't think there is much that 's `` normal '' when it comes to sex . 
  it depends on the relationship you 're after and capable of , it might be a good thing to talk about , deepen the connection and sexual experience you have with your partner . 
  nothing quick and easy . 
  the first thing that 's required is a decision and a commitment to change . 
  acknowledging and accepting who you are as you are and then deciding you want something different . 
  what 's next really depends on you and your issues - we all have them . 
  i 'd recommend a psychotherapist , but perhaps there are local community or spiritual groups where there is insight and wisdom you can benefit from . 
  the red pill language you are using gets a lot of hate i think because a lot confused angry men use it on their path to becoming less confused and angry . 
  if it 's a model that works for you , all good , but no model is a perfect reflection of reality , each model has its own hangups like the people that produce them . 
  take what works , leave what does n't . 
  yeah , these guys are scum . 
  why ca n't they be decent , hard working folk like the rest of us ? 
  our hard work does n't make people uncomfortable . 
  it does n't cause mass extinction or destroy the environment . 
  and the wars and horrors in africa and the middle east ? 
  sheeit , it 's been decades since we had forces in the region , that 's all totally their own fault . 
  our lives and the comfort we experience is all because of our own effort and any devastation that exists is only the fault of those subjected to that devastation . 
  we 're all individuals , society is a myth , nothing is connected to anything else . 
  i can walk past homeless people on the street comforted by the knowledge they 're the ones to blame . 
  i know there are a group of people that head out to a nice dark spot out in kumeu , where a bunch of hills block a lot of city light . 
  i think you can hook up with them here :, 
  what a bloody nightmare . 
  vulnerability or another excuse to try once again to get people to install a third party bundled app ? 
   i think , obviously personal opinion , that there are enough differences that we will never succeed in attempting to force both genders to be `` the same '' . 
  forcing both genders to be the same misses the point . 
  no two people are going to be `` the same '' . 
  focusing on gender as a critical point of difference is arbitrary . 
  you and i are different . 
  why are we focused on gender ? 
  the shock from a blazar that makes it looks like ( through illusion ) that material is travelling faster than light is possibly the biggest - assuming shock fronts are allowed . 
  gender does matter . 
  but it 's significance is blown way beyond proportion .
