  sounds like a government it project . 
  so in 24 months , $ 10m over budget . 
  you answer the question yourself in the title . 
  i suggest you bone up on [ relativity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theory_of_relativity ) to answer you question :, 
   measurements of various quantities are relative to the velocities of observers . 
  in particular , space contracts and time dilates . 
  basically as you travel closer to the speed of light , the slower time progresses . 
  for a photon no time passes at all from the moment it is emitted until it is absorbed . 
  all the while billions of years may pass for the rest of the universe . 
  think ? 
  you 're generous . 
  maybe in return we 'll get some cheap organs ? 
  [ china 's long history of harvesting organs from living political foes ] ( http://nypost.com/2014/08/09/chinas-long-history-of-harvesting-organs-from-living-political-prisoners/ ), 
  your story reminds me of emily graslie of [ the brain scoop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thebrainscoop ) for some reason . 
  she 's really cool . 
  i dunno , that might be a bit harsh . 
  if they mean the chinese state , i think it 's fair to have a level of trust or distrust based on observed behaviour . 
  i do n't trust the current government to put that in place . 
  i think the process would be more like `` economic benefits you say ? 
  where do we sign !? '', 
  and i do n't trust any government to effectively monitor the goings on in china . 
  hahah , right , well fair enough . 
  what do parents tell their kids what the future holds for them ? 
  ca n't be more than a generation or two left where we can raise our kids as if nothing is wrong . 
  it 's going to get awkward when that changes . 
  then it will be distressing , then catastrophic , until finally there is n't a worry in the world . 
  we do have some protections from what i understand . 
  for example if your landlord kicks you out to renovate , you will have first rights to move back in if they complete the work and seek tenants again . 
  likewise if the house is sold , the new home owner ca n't kick you out and hunt for new tenants . 
  they can only kick you out if they or a family member plan to live there . 
  that 's my understanding at least , ianal . 
  i earn above the median and local house prices increase in value more than that per annum . 
  how is anyone supposed to buy a home in this market ? 
  if they 're certain the tenants ca n't bear the expense and that they can find new tenants at the higher rate . 
  i imagine a landlord could get in trouble if they raised the rent then dropped it when the tenant moved out . 
  of course , all these things require an informed tenant , landlords being quite happy to exploit ignorance . 
  right . 
  mate . 
   modern society is above this type of behaviour, 
  nah , it 's just more covert in its behaviour . 
  more effective at making sure the marginalised are n't in a position to speak up . 
  i think technically most aucklanders can be considered dumpster divers when it comes to inorganic collections . 
  most of us will have been guilty of keeping an eye out for a bit of furniture or a wall mirror or something while out & about during collection time . 
  no , that is what you call powerful publicly funded organisations being beyond the oversight or control of publicly elected officials . 
  and if that was true about climate change , our species would n't be facing extinction in a couple of centuries . 
  sorry , i thought the evidence showed that the cia was able to act without oversight or control but publicly elected officials ( such as gwb . ), 
  my reading comprehension may be slipping , did it show something else ? 
  or did you think i was trying to exonerate bush ? 
  that 's not the case . 
  what assumption do you refer to ? 
   mrs rich responded mr hague 's move was '' just the latest phase of his opposition to my appointment , which began years ago '' . 
  uh , yeah , given mr hague literally sits on the opposition !, 
  `` conflict of interest '' is not a concept national accepts , they just wear different hats as needed . 
  we export methane gas in abundance ? 
  i wonder who they pissed off ... 
  ... feeds on life , feeds on life , feeds on the sun . 
  it 's come to my attention the mr hague does not in fact sit on the opposition . 
  i guess it 's labour only on that count . 
   technically , the cop is only required to maintain safety and order . 
  it depends where you live i suppose . 
  in countries where the police force operate [ by consent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peelian_principles ) , the police force is required to maintain the respect and approval of the public . 
  ignoring any member of the public in difficulty does n't achieve this , especially vulnerable members on the community . 
  i love you / u/editingandlayout but that gif is still a favourite . 
  there 's this place , [ corner of molesworth street and lambton quay ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beehive_%28new_zealand%29 ) that has a good stock of them . 
  it 's a complex and challenging discussion that i think we benefit from having , as intangible as those benefits may be . 
  all kinds of people participate for all kinds of reasons with all kinds of results . 
  i always look forward to the next time . 
  in nz it 's moot . 
  if you live with a person for 3 years and do n't come to an alternative agreement , you 're effectively married as far as most things are concerned . 
  but our laws are a bit more pragmatic when it comes to child support and the like , lawyers and judges do n't get to decide , it 's all pre-calculated :, 
  a lot of the crazy things that go down and are discussed here are as much to do with the local legal system as anything else . 
  i still love it . 
  it 's a baseless myth that we need to pay ultra high wages for important positions , unless we think our top jobs are only suitable for greediest , most effective psychopaths of country . 
  certainly our top jobs must appeal to those who seek out money and power . 
  i 'd rather they appealed to those who enjoy being productive and effective at meeting their communities ' needs . 
  my recent training as a psychotherapist was heavily based in the psychoanalytic tradition . 
  it was also heavily psychodynamic and somewhat humanistic , with acknowledgement of cognitive and biological perspectives but little training in these but with openness to students taking up these perspectives if they found them helpful . 
  nancy mcwilliams , karen maroda , anthony bateman , jeremy holmes seem to be doing quite well as contemporary psychoanalytic/psychodynamic theorists . 
  the whole business of course was overwhelming , grappling with the use and limitations of various perspectives , given how vast each perspective is . 
  any human is going to take up opportunities that benefit them the most . 
  not all humans believe cash is the only thing that benefits them . 
  some people find that satisfying work with reasonable remuneration that benefits their community is what benefits them most . 
  i do n't believe humans are very effective when its all about one 's self , or all about self-sacrifice . 
  we 're a social species , holding self-interest and self-sacrifice in balance provides the greatest benefit to both self and other . 
  is there actually any explanation for his capacity for effective violence ? 
  growing old ai n't growing up . 
  that an action might lead to an agent 's destruction does not mean the agent did n't act in what they thought were their best interests . 
  it 's not difficult for people to find themselves a part of something larger than themselves , accepting despite their personal destruction they will live on in that greater thing . 
  of course , it is also possible to overwhelm an agent and cause them to act in an incoherent manner , but this does n't say anything about our fundamental nature , beyond demonstrating the agent 's vulnerability . 
  i think it might be a matter of framing . 
  a person can act in a way that costs them their life while saving another , yet still be acting in their own interest . 
  perhaps to be who they felt they were required them to sacrifice their life for another if the opportunity arose ? 
  i do n't buy that selflessness is a virtue , rather i think it 's a charade or veneer for people who like to think moralistically , who like to be able to judge who is good and who is bad . 
  i 'm not offering empirical evidence , but i believe it exists , particularly in evolutionary biology and psychology . 
  i 'm re-framing to try and help you understand what i am getting at . 
  perhaps you could help me by explaining how a person could act against their interests ? 
  i do n't feel criticised , i hope you do n't either . 
  i meant evolutionary psychology in particular . 
  i 'm more familiar with psychoanalytic/psychodynamic psychotherapy which is more qualitative than quantitative . 
  you might be surprised to discover the empirical knowledge and its nature that exists in the field .
