  why invest in a risky ventures when you can invest in property ? 
  no , but apparently our government did . 
  they 're [ celebrating the boom ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/258119/construction-%27headed-for-golden-era%27 ) in construction !, 
  the original proposals sounded very positive , nz setting up some mutually beneficial agreements with our south american and south pacific neighbours . 
  but that all went up shit creek once the us got interested and there was a change in the nz government . 
  i do n't like where this is going ... 
  i thought they meant finn from adventure time . 
  even though that did n't make sense . 
  i dunno non-medical therapies can offer the kind of one-on-one care some people feel they need . 
  while at the same time satisfying that part of them that tells them something has been done . 
  nothing wrong with exploiting the placebo effect imo . 
  calling non-medicine medicine is of course a problem . 
  people are exploited in all walks of life . 
  for example , i exploit my employer 's need for employees . 
  they exploit my need for a job . 
  people promoting non-medicine as medicine is more of a problem i think . 
  how huge of a problem by what measures ? 
  i know a plaster does n't cure a scratch or burn , putting one on makes me forget the pain anyhow . 
  one might know crystal healing has no medical benefits , but still feel more at ease in their body once they 've had a chakra alignment . 
  yes , i know of numerous cases of doctors acting in unethical or negligent ways that have resulted in death or distress too . 
  it 's not coherent to both value science and then rely on one 's biases . 
  it 's a statement about appearances , not action . 
  i have to one day figure out how much those bits of hyper-processed meat are worth , by weighing them and comparing them to the cost of the regular beans/spaghetti . 
  i suspect it might be the most expensive sausage i 've ever eaten !, 
  our differing underlying assumptions are probably what 's causing confusion . 
  we 'll struggle to clarify those assumptions in this format , we can do our best though . 
  i use a plaster because i know in the past that is what has allowed me to forget the minor but annoying pain of the injury . 
  a brush against the stove with a finger is n't much vulnerable to infection , but it stings for a bit . 
  that i know the plaster does n't do anything to relieve the pain is n't the relevant factor , the outcome is . 
  caring for humans goes beyond medicine . 
  medicine is a particular model for human care , but it is not the only one . 
  nor is it a complete or perfect model . 
  the model of care i 'm most familiar with : psychotherapy , is an evidence based practice , but absolutely not medicine . 
  crystal healing is not medicine or evidenced based , but it still offers a model for human care that many report as helpful . 
  an anecdote about a person being unethical or neglectful ( such as a person offering advice that they had no qualification to offer ) is not compelling evidence of a problem with non-medical healthcare . 
  it 's quite different from a practice where someone tells you a story about crystals and the earth aligning your charka while waving rocks about or whatever to help you cope with the aches and strains of day-to-day life . 
  what 's `` pjwc '' stand for ? 
  actually , i meant `` pwjc '' - i just screwed it up then . 
  thanks !, 
  thousands of claims , but no mention of anything going wrong ? 
  i suspect the risks might be imaginary . 
  placebos are probably the most cost-effective way of addressing imaginary or somatised ailments . 
  how people treat their own health is complex . 
  people avoid doctors for any number of reasons . 
  that you can conceive of someone not seeking further treatment because they 're happy with acupuncture does n't really say much about the treatment . 
  acupuncture can not claim it is a medical treatment , anyone offering acupuncture who claims this is acting unethically and probably illegally . 
  why does it matter and to whom ? 
  do you think a person experiencing relief from back pain cares about the anecdotal nature of that relief ? 
  reassurance and comfort is what some people need and can be the difference between a successful recovery and not . 
  i believe the standard of care for imagined illness is the same as real illness . 
  healthcare is not cheap . 
  the point of the plaster is pain relief , not healing - i want to feel better about my sore finger so i put on a plaster . 
  i can understand why you do n't want people harmed or have their vulnerability exploited . 
  i 'm not sure what costs or benefits you refer to or how you 're so sure they 're out of balance . 
  psychotherapists are often more expensive , and it 's a particular tradition and model of practice , not for everyone . 
  i personally do n't care to impinge upon people 's choices about how they want to see and experience the world , how they want to spend their money . 
  it depends . 
  if i have some imagined back pain that i see doctor after doctor about , that 's going to run into thousands of dollars . 
  better to pay someone $ 30 a month for a chakra alignment if that makes me feel better about my back . 
  alternative medicine costs whatever the person selling it wants to charge . 
  i could sell my moon glistened water for $ 1 or $ 100 . 
  it 's not a standardised industry . 
  we can , our media though , they 've got a budget . 
  what gst hike ? 
  [ john would n't lie to us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4swwhx0j5bk ) . 
  so what you 're saying is you can have the wrong idea about atheism ? 
  is is it also possible to have the wrong idea about religion ? 
  how can we tell , who decides ? 
  i 'd like to run in the opposite direction , but i 'm jammed amongst everyone else . 
  if i try move against the flow i 'll trip and be trampled . 
  religion and people 's experience of religion appears to be incredibly diverse . 
  how have you managed to generalise that ? 
   by using our brains , modern society, 
  that does n't actually say anything . 
  people think different things . 
  modern society is not a coherent whole . 
  humanity has a built-in and proven culture of death , violence , slavery , hate , racism , sexism , rape , etc. 
  i 'm still up for humanity . 
  nz has a questionable history when it comes to who gets to exploit the benefits of nz 's arable land and other natural resources . 
  i still participate in its economy ( although that 's compulsory if i want any kind of life for myself . ), 
  this guy wearing his work jacket to his court hearing :, 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` higher level entity '' . 
  if water is wet and the ocean is composed of water , is the ocean the source of wetness or water ? 
  or is it more complex than that ? 
  you 're speaking of religion as if it is a single coherent whole , when all observations are to the contrary . 
  the religious writings i have seen reflect human experience and grappling with issues of life and existence , as best the writers of the various texts were able to with their particular insight . 
  how people engage with those writings is incredibly diverse . 
  i mean , islamic state might have death written into its guidelines , but that only tells us about that group , not religion . 
  if humanity , wherever we look , is beset by violence , how do you take a subset of humanity and declare it unwanted because you can find violence associated with it in some circumstances ? 
  religion is nothing as coherent as a fast food chain . 
  even the most organised religion , catholicism , is far more diverse and complex than any fast food chain . 
  i 'm not a fan of `` good/bad '' beyond judging my subjective experiences . 
  as i see it we 're all evolved organisms doing the best we can with the resources we have in the circumstances we find ourselves . 
  this view is coherent with some religious doctrine . 
  i get the feeling the purpose of the group is the cook up some rationale for further restricting the freedoms for nzers . 
  the group strikes me as rich and powerful rather than intellectual . 
  the pm wants the nz public to be frightened . 
  what creature is this !, 
  i reckon it `` purse '' would be a good name . 
  you know , pot-purse .
