  fascinating . 
  and yet , there 's a whole city of people living here , affording housing . 
  auckland is so damn temperate . 
  10pm , shorts and t-shirt , not hot , not cold . 
  climate change better not fuck this up for us . 
  your story is far from unique . 
  weird shit goes on between adults and kids all the time . 
  there 's plenty of work but there 's also competition for it . 
  there 's min-wage work , as well as semi-skilled work if you 're creative and open minded in your job search . 
  there are tons of small and medium sized businesses around who would take on someone proactive and motivated . 
  take it to the next level : hand the corrected receipt back with a smile `` thanks for your honesty . '', 
  `` i. . what . . no !, 
  i mean . . uh . . yes , of course . '', 
  for some reason the one at the back looking at the camera is crackup . 
  perhaps we could post more content ? 
  make the sub active . 
  i have an `` esoteric '' multi , it could use some subs if you have any suggestions . 
  pretty sure it 's not most guys . 
  but it is this guy . 
  smart kid would be all `` mum , mum , dad 's gon na take me to [ wherever the fuck i want ] next weekend . 
  he 's so cool . '', 
  is that rhetorical ? 
  if not , what kind of answer are you looking for ? 
  cause , i mean , it 's obvious to me , from my particular frame of reference . 
  the crazy ones were the adults for not handling the situation better . 
  they should have known that this is what kids do . 
  even if the girl genuinely believed you were stalking her , they should have considered she was just overly fixated on coincidental events , cause you know , * kids . 
  really ? 
  sounds like awesomeness will be the thing that ensues . 
  where 's the foul bachelor frog meme when you need it . 
  ella , ever the freak . 
  it 's very hard to take your life when you 're alone . 
  i wonder why she was alone , how did she not have anyone in her life ? 
  opportunities to work hard , the reasonable belief that perseverance will actually pay off is what is really lacking . 
  so you 're saying if i work hard all day making widgets that no one wants , i can still expect a pay-off ? 
  what if i work hard at developing a skill somebody wants , then once i have that skill nobody wants it any more ? 
  i do n't buy into your paradigm of splitting between the hard working and the lazy . 
  so you are changing your position that hard work and perseverance always pays off ? 
  hard work and perseverance are key components to successful human industry , but they are far from the only requirements . 
  it 's a distortion to focus on this at the detriment of other requirements . 
  if you live in a world where hard works always pays off ( except when it does n't but that does n't count ) , i do n't need an education in your world mate . 
  how was it ? 
  i miss diners , i wish we had them in nz . 
  it 's a spgork . 
  rare to see in this dimension . 
  the failure is not to dream ... 
  i used to have this sweet boxed set of all these b-side tracks . 
  alas , my sister stole it . 
  you reckon i could find that on amazon ? 
  hrrm , a bunch of different people with different skills ... 
  i bet they were working on some grand project together and now it 's completed , they 're getting rubbed out !, 
  what you read in the media is a distortion , not a reflection of reality . 
  also , confirmation bias much ? 
  you 're using anecdotal information to reinforce your beliefs . 
  in this case that religious people are against progressive ideas . 
  so a single shocking statement by a religious person might shine bright in your mind , but a volume of more pedestrian statements fades away . 
  we find the evidence we want to support the beliefs we have . 
  this is why science is hard work : without serious effort we will find what we expect to find rather than what is really there . 
  if you want to be next level , learn and account for your biases . 
  your family of origin is a great point to start , this is where you biases would have largely formed . 
  or just stop generalising , accept that `` many people in my life ... '' does not equate to `` many people ... '' . 
  if you like endless whiny soul searching . 
  sorry , i love anime , but it 's intolerable . 
  actually , you are completely rational . 
  any apparent irrationality is a matter of insufficient perspective . 
  a voice like brass . 
  death , time . 
  lots of people care about me . 
  now if i could just find someone to care for me . 
  if you are going to bring it up be prepared to respond in a supportive manner if the response is distress . 
  if you are n't prepared for that , do n't bring it up . 
   recent monitoring at the sites by doc staff found no rats , indicating populations had been * completely eliminated * . 
   the trial is phase two of three and will now move into * improving the project 's performance * . 
  maybe they 're aiming the rats ' ancestors too ? 
  that would be impressive . 
  did they have a soulstone ? 
  cool bit of music , eh ? 
  that looks pretty good . 
  just needs some kind of sauce . 
  maybe bbq . 
  maybe mayo . 
  that looks real good . 
  i like to imagine this is a lesson for a person who thinks these kinds of things are for other people . 
  let 's hope not . 
  the biggest limitations are geography ( isthmus issues ) and population density . 
  i 've been on a few of the large urban transport systems like in sydney and toronto and they are sweet . 
  but auckland would go bankrupt trying to provide comparable services here . 
  if transport is to improve , particularly for those without a vehicle i think we 'll need some kind of novel solution . 
  automated drone service maybe ? 
  i thought it was the wand too . 
  but he did seem very knowing in general , hagrid may have given them away . 
  if they 've watched the movie [ threads ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090163 ) they do . 
  drink lots of booze . 
  it could be a test . 
  better apply just in case . 
  the sexy part must be you . 
  hahaha . 
  for a moment i was thinking `` so they went to bolivia , i guess that 's interesting . '', 
  then i realised they meant olivia . 
  cause i 'm quick like that .
