   it 's hard to divorce that from that fact that they also created a situation where more people could afford to bear the increase ( or even were better off ) . 
  unless you were worse off . 
  taking a look around , there are a lot of people worse off . 
  what 's the source of this contradiction ? 
  my focus on gst being a burden on everyone , including those who ca n't bare this burden , is because it 's a clear and accurate statement . 
  you can make fair arguments as you have that there is a balance to this . 
  but really national have done so much to make things harder for so many . 
  so the answer to the question is ` null ` ? 
  well , i 've lived in new zealand all my life , so , yep on this count anyway . 
  i did n't even know cars could/should have this feature . 
  ah , the rochester garbage plate . 
  the reason why my skinny work colleague returned from our rochester office after three months a chubby young man . 
  not mine !, 
  even if i got a car with this feature i 'd still forever wiggle the gear stick before starting out of habit . 
   who knew just yesterday i 'd be posting about hot cum and today have a post blow up about my shitty credit bureau !, 
  reddit is so exciting !, 
  i 'm guessing you 've had a few pms ... 
  * freezies, 
  this gif is quality . 
  you could even say it 's * high * quality . 
  mccully has claimed he gave taxpayer money to a saudi business in part due to legal concerns , as per advice from the ministry of foreign affairs . 
  the ministry has now confirmed no such advice was given :, 
   `` following discussion with the chief ombudsman , the ministry advises it did not seek or provide advice on the extent of the risk of a claim in the new zealand courts for compensation from the al khalaf group against the government '' . 
   they just have different ideas on how to improve this country than you do . 
  i 'm not a young man , i used to walk about the city 10 years ago , i used to go to town at night . 
  10 years ago there were n't bands of homeless people roaming the city . 
  shit had gotten bad . 
  because our current leaders idea of a better country is a better country for those who deserve it . 
  everyone else can get fucked . 
  that said , i 'd still prefer you voted for national than not voting . 
  get your demographics recognised . 
  cute story . 
  what 's that ? 
  misinformation about drugs does more harm than good ? 
  who would have thunk . 
  your choice of excerpt was exceptional . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/bivjpwbhb2k0e/giphy.gif ) i see this post is 7 hours old . 
  why does both 1k and 1b = 0.5 c ? 
  it 's a really good movie . 
   it 's just that i do n't think labour/greens will do any better, 
  you must be young . 
  we were n't having such dramatic struggles when labour were running things . 
  when labour lost power , it was n't on the back of social policy failure . 
  it was a painting the pm signed but did n't paint , a fears of losing control of our shower heads . 
  national are doing much worse than labour . 
  that still far from makes up for cutting student allowance to post graduate study . 
  [ smart ass ] ( https://po.reddit.com/r/animalsbeingbros/comments/70wln0/dont_work_harder_work_smarter/ ), 
  problems with housing prices seem to be impacting a number of western cities . 
  i do n't think we can pin that on national . 
  but when it comes to social policy national have clearly demonstrated their preference for an ideological approach , with heavy preference for bureaucratic data over academic knowledge . 
  experts have warned against this , and the consequence experts warned of have come to pass . 
  for whatever reason national is clearly and demonstrably taking backward steps in regard to social policy . 
  what 's changed in the world that could justify this ? 
  it 's not just not perfect , we are doing far from our best . 
  despite what john key says , academics are not like lawyers . 
  you might be able to find diverse opinion , but there 's a world of difference between individual opinions and published consensus . 
  national is run just by this mindset : one opinion is as good as another , so those in power get to pick and choose . 
  we see the results and they 're bad . 
  i see that as the point of the post : now is the time you can vote on these things . 
  now i want a sandwich . 
  two !, 
  like ham + cheese salad . 
  or rorst beef + cheese & sweet pickle . 
  damn . 
  people not having kids is n't good for the economy , a lot of growth comes from children born in poverty . 
  helpful , given people earning money often discover not having kids is a good way to spend money . 
  i recommend [ crash course world history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yocja_n5s1i&amp;list=plbda2e52fb1ef80c9 ) . 
  it 's informative , entertaining , accessible and very contemporary . 
  it 's not just history , but how we view history . 
  it 's a sound basis for almost any deeper knowledge about human life on earth . 
  it was :, 
   because that 's how life is , okay ? 
  sure , the information is for those who do . 
  they 're immersed in the world with a certain expectation of how things work , what to expect . 
  this guy cleverly uses those expectations as well as his straight man performance to confuse the participants . 
  they think they 're having a normal experience , but something is wrong and they do n't know what . 
   `` not only do these employers breach the rights of their employees , they also gain an unfair advantage over the wider business community who are good employers and meet all their obligations . 
  it screws the industry over in general . 
  the business should be ordered to display the judgement in their storefront . 
  they 're immersed in the world with a certain expectation of how things work . 
  this guy cleverly uses those expectations as well as his straight man performance to confuse the participants . 
  they think they 're having a normal experience , but something is wrong and they do n't know what . 
  how does the pipe get in the spawn room ? 
  he sounds a bit like goofy [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/ozn0rcen-dy?t=27 ) . 
  what is this `` if '' bullshit ? 
  we have to deal with reality as is it . 
  our wishes are for making choices about our actions , not wallowing in lament that the world is n't perfect as you imagine it . 
  what is this `` if '' nonsense ? 
  we have to deal with reality as is it , not as we wish it to be . 
  our wishes are for making choices about our actions , not wallowing in lament that the world is n't perfect as you imagine it . 
  do you believe abandoning people to their suffering is what helps people take responsibility ? 
  do you care what experts have to say ? 
  people with both front line experience and research backgrounds ? 
  does academic consensus matter ? 
  cause what your describe is n't exactly a new or unique puzzle for us . 
  i thought it was hillary 's rabid democratic campaign that gave trump the white house . 
  while training in mental health practice , incest is a typical issue to be working with . 
  my opinion is your post is tl ; dr. 
  i say , yes , your vote counts . 
  the demographics of who is voting impacts who politicians pander to .
