  sure , it 's not mature yet , we still are in the hangover of fpp politics . 
  slowly but surely though we are seeing the emergence of smaller parties , giving more choice across the political spectrum . 
  meaning politicians are n't left to pulling electoral tricks to mop up the most swing voters . 
  she is so badass . 
  i love how she basically forced them to pull by threatening arrest , confident she could get the draw on both . 
  i think the important part of this is people believe what they like . 
  the reality is most christians know very little of what you have explained , they have a personal faith which is bound in the faith of their local community and the spiritualism that arises within themselves . 
  a very complex and mysterious interaction . 
  this is mostly true for nz rugby players ( and most professional sports ) , except all but the top sports players have to find day jobs too . 
  that cat looks like it knows what 's up . 
  i hopefully remember to ask this question next ama . 
  mr hadfield , fine sir , do you feel a sense of connection with other explorers throughout history . 
  for me earlier mariners spring to mind , mostly due to the confines of a ship and crew and also the moving into the unknown . 
  then you are a giddy fool !, 
  haha , just joking . 
  so was this a post or a re-render ? 
  i 'm curious to see the difference . 
  what other secrets does the monkey know ? 
  it makes no sense to me how people with no money are expected to contribute to the economy ? 
  who is out there making this sound like a good idea ? 
  if you ca n't support your family off your wage , how are you going to buy consumer goods ? 
  that 's not a bad front kick . 
  tsk tsk , you 've been reading youtube comments again , have n't you ? 
   research so far indicates that characteristics like personality are primarily related to genes . 
  all the research i have seen shows genes playing a role , but with nothing suggesting their primacy . 
  the most obvious evidence being that most separated twins * do n't * live identical lives with plenty of cases of contrasting personalities . 
  they are higher , indicating genetics plays a role in personality development . 
  they are not high enough to say genetics plays the primary role . 
  ah the old `` just making sure you 've got enough cash to fit in here '' dress code . 
  haha , i love how the lead dog is wagging its tail as it slides down . 
  it 's good thing these things are largely self-limiting . 
  someone like yourself who is smart enough to figure these things out is likely also smart enough to know it 's not worth it to act out these things . 
  they might have the knowledge , but being radicalised is surely highly emotional and it 's actually really hard to think coherently in an emotional state . 
  as you point out , it would take some finesse and patience to pull off the fine details of such a plan . 
  i think this comic reflects how mental illness exists not simply in the afflicted individual , but also in those around them , their family and community . 
  it does n't sound like you knew , only suspected . 
  the only appropriate thing i can think of is what 's already been suggested : talk to a supervisor . 
  if that 's not possible i 'd rather not consider the awful circumstances you 're practising in . 
  as an aside i trained in dialectical behaviour therapy ( which could be considered a form of self harm given the painful nature of the training ) , and your agency 's policy of self-harm automatically requiring hospitalisation would be considered to contribute to self harm by way of operant conditioning . 
  ( e.g. 
  `` i 'm upset and ca n't get the care i need . 
  when i cut myself i get care . 
  i will cut myself . '' ), 
  when he said he 'd reduce healthcare costs by $ 900 billion , what was heard was `` i will take $ 900 billion easy money away from your mates . '', 
  it 's a spiral , not a loop , no one escapes . 
  i like . 
  dad looks kinda shocked . 
  perhaps he did n't realise he had so many . 
  after raising nine kids , things have to start to blur together a bit . 
  hahah , it ai n't no thing . 
  given then effort they went into , i thought maybe there might be some kinda fan art or fiction at the end , but in the back of my mind i always knew it would n't be that hard to put it all together . 
  damn sight better than putting your face into a rabbit trap . 
  amazing , thank you . 
  meth : not even once . 
  2014 halloween costume . 
  how much were you paid to post that meme ? 
  it was definitely fun , but i got stuck , never came back to it . 
  if that 's a dick move , what is it when a child grows up without enough food to grow in good health ? 
  so what you 're saying is parents living it up , while the kids go without , is a dick move ? 
  yeah , i 'd agree with that . 
  it would seem we are a species that is motivated not purely by rational thought . 
  we 're still mammals apparently . 
  as such , what 's unreasonable is your oversimplification of the decision making process that humans experience . 
  not everyone is as sophisticated as you . 
  what amazes me is that guy could post on reddit if he wanted to . 
  why are they using alpha instead of ` a ' in the word `` sexual '' ? 
  `` sexu\u03b1lly assaulted '', 
  i get the feeling the situation was already awful . 
  home ownership , particularly in a big city , is overrated imo . 
  sure , you get `` your own place '' , so you can do with it what you want ( if the council agrees . ), 
  you are n't beholden to a landlord and you 're not making them rich . 
  the flip side is your rent payments are going to be less than mortgage repayments . 
  house maintenance is not your responsibility or expense . 
  you do n't have to pay rates or taxes on your house . 
  you get to move when you want - good if noisy neighbours move in/there 's a local natural disaster . 
  the major reason to own a house in the city / ` burbs is equity . 
  acquiring wealth , and having that wealth grow without having to work for it . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  i thought it might be doing something to get past conservative filters . 
  this is true . 
  that is in fact the best reason for owning a home . 
  good economic sense , from a purely cash-money perspective . 
  it asks a lot of the typical kiwi though . 
  particularly it requires the certainty of a certain level of income , most likely acquired by salary or wage for an extended period of time . 
  much longer than most prison sentences . 
  which for a lot of people is perfectly fine , and their area of work is highly stable . 
  for a lot of people though i think it 's an undue burden that in these conditions at least results in a net negative . 
  i can hear stephen merchant now : `` of course , * of course * i 'm in reddit 's most awkward moments of 2013 . '', 
  and why not ? 
  what you do n't see is her buddy sliding down to help her . 
  i knew i 'd find lacan in here somewhere . 
  and our sandwiches . 
  do you think he 'd feel like you 're clingy ? 
  i find honest , vulnerable expressions make me feel special . 
  perhaps if you told him how you think about sending lots of sweet messages but are worried about seeming clingy , he 'll feel touched and appreciated ? 
  yeah , lacan seems unpopular with the locals . 
  i do n't think there are any unsafe suburbs in auckland . 
  i 'm sure there 's the odd cul de sac or street where you would n't want to move , but you could tell that by looking . 
  to be fair , nothing in science is set in stone . 
  current scientific models are those that have n't been proven wrong yet .
