  why do you think we should take care of our children if not because our care is what provides for a child 's future ? 
  that was the result of the court case , at least for one child . 
  i 'm not sure what words of yours i 'm taking out of context . 
  the context is children being tried and one found guilty in an adult court of law . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to imply that . 
  well , i 'm angry and well beyond eloquence on the issue . 
   it does n't matter how poorly you are raised , normal people do n't kill other people . 
  how you 're raised directly impacts your normal adult capacities . 
  and these were kids , not yet grown . 
   this kid clearly knows what he did was wrong . 
  not true . 
  right and wrong are sophisticated concepts , and it 's easy to undermine a child 's concept of right and wrong . 
  for instance give a child frequent messages that violence is wrong , and also subject them to frequent violence . 
  the world and life can be a difficult thing to come to grips with in the face of such glaring contradiction . 
  it really depends on what you 're looking for from your justice system . 
  justice boners ? 
  or a healthier society with less of a need for a justice system ? 
  where children do n't kill ? 
  i will say however , prosecuting children in an adult court is pathetic and an indictment on the maturity of our justice system . 
  you ca n't conceive that a childhood of violence might undermine a child 's think and understand in any number of ways ? 
  do you think you could put up with endless violence without it impacting you some way ? 
  why bother caring about anyone if violence is so benign ? 
  is that a legal definition of child , or some kind of developmental model ? 
  i certainly can believe that . 
  how can you believe it 's not possible of a 14 year old or of anyone ? 
  it 's a repeatedly observable phenomena . 
  do you truly believe you can raise a child in madness and expect coherency from them ? 
  it 's hard not to project our adult capacities into children , is n't it ? 
  what 's in our own mind seems so clear , surely what 's in the mind of those children must be just as clear . 
  however that 's not the case . 
  they are if there 's no help for them . 
  * looks around . 
  you 're right , they 're fucked . 
  what a grim society we live in . 
  one of the richest nations in the world and we still fuck our kids up and then blame them for being fucked up . 
   13 and 14 year olds are not children . 
  according to whom ? 
  in the developmental models i am familiar at this age there is still significant development that must occur before adulthood is reached . 
   those same models show that full brain development is not complete until roughly 25, 
  no , there are numerous models of human development of contemporary relevance . 
  look , if a justice boner is what 's important to you , do n't let me get in your way . 
  jerk that shits off . 
   their parents fucked them up , stop shifting the blame from the parents . 
  my understanding was the children were in court , not the parents . 
  society is full of people who would like to have the flashest boat they can rather than paying taxes for community services that would help struggling families . 
  you ca n't abstract society from a child 's upbringing within it . 
  there are numerous models , as i said . 
  they 're children . 
  despite whatever legally wrangling exists that makes it acceptable to define children as adults , this does not make children adults . 
  a child can no more act as an adult than a cat can act as a human . 
  what does cultural relativism say about how we determine childhood and adulthood ? 
  i mean mature human = adult to me , but obviously you have some other way of thinking about this ? 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  what i 'm saying is that charging children in adult court is disgusting . 
  i have n't made any suggestions to an alternative . 
  you 're arbitrarily picking a particular model ( and not really a model , rather some specific things we know about brain development without much context around that knowledge ) and then using it to reject the idea that there could be an alternative . 
  this is an understanding i have based on formal studies of human development . 
  would you expect a psychiatrist to evaluate a 14 year old the same as they would a 30 year old ? 
  you think the treatment would be the same ? 
   ... which also show that ` adults ' up to around age 25 are still not fully mature in terms of their cognitive/neurological development . 
  i feel like we 've covered this ground before . 
  yeah , we have covered this . 
  you did n't refute my response , where i pointed out that your limited knowledge is not that significant . 
   this is relevant in the context of taking a knife to rob a dairy . 
  how relevant ? 
  could there be other knowledge of significance ? 
  what does bowlby 's attachment theory tell us ? 
  how about piaget 's cognitive development model ? 
  mahler 's separation-individuation model ? 
  winnocot 's object-relations model ? 
  erikson 's psychosocial model ? 
  hmm ... seems like you 're more interested in your justice boner than actual understanding . 
  [ room 104 ] ( http://room104.co.nz/ ) on commerce st have 'em . 
  which is funny , because i 'm sure none of the guys there shave . 
  hopefully her 3rd will be about returning . 
  09 for life !, 
  i brought my snow jacket to work this morning . 
  do n't regret it . 
  that 's what new zealand did with its postal service . 
  the post is still losing money , but the postal company itself is making money hand-over-fist , which all goes back to public coffers . 
  i love that little laugh of jake 's . 
  there 's something so subtly manic about it . 
   `` alcohol has been with us for so long that the idea of change or something new is frightening to politicians , '' quigley said . 
  sounds like john key might need to , how do you say , `` get some guts '' . 
   twenty years ago protesters had installed solar panels , drawing attention to climate change , however carter said he thought parliament 's security had improved . 
  yep , that is pretty much the response to climate change by those in power : more security for the stuff they want to protect . 
   nice generalization though , nice to way to get some upvotes, 
  kinda like ... 
   parking wardens are fricken asholes, 
  looks useful for actual cooking where you need to cook and then cool something before continuing . 
  you mean [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3az0fa/eli5_what_does_the_tpp_transpacific_partnership/csh9neu ) ? 
  does n't sound very positive . 
  my highest point of concern is the degradation of our healthcare system al a the us . 
  it 's easy for the government to offer assurances that this wo n't happen , i want any such assurances enshrined in law . 
  or else i 'm assuming we 're being scammed so some powerful people can have more money . 
  strange powers indeed . 
  how do we know ? 
  who are we to trust ? 
  why should we trust them ? 
  clearly this trade agreement is so opaque to be beyond even erudite opinions .
