  prior to the ~ '80s , everyone person was treated following the western pakeha tradition , regardless of whether that person was a western pakeha . 
  are you saying that because we can not possible treat everyone by their own traditions , we should revert back to this previous position ? 
  maybe we do have spider powers ? 
  like vision !, 
  and limbs !, 
  who knows , we could be blind worms instead of what we are ? 
  it sounds like you 're unfamiliar with the subtleties and nuances of these practices . 
  that you 're basing your opinions on assumptions , not any kind of in-depth knowledge of practices and how and why these practices were developed . 
  when i tell you that decades of research has gone into establishing the nature and necessity of these practices , do you think that i 'm mistaken , or do you dismiss the value of health science ? 
  i prefer to think of it as ticking along rather than ticking away . 
  if you work in a public agency helping people recover from trauma and abuse , you know that the sexual abuse of children is rife and those who do the abusing rarely could imagine themselves as paedophiles . 
  hysteria means we ca n't even think about this kind of thing , let alone talk about it . 
  so it gets pushed into the dark where the vulnerable are most easily exploited . 
  as a pakeha new zealander , i benefit from the practice by living amongst a healthier society . 
  we 're back to your ignorance because that 's all you 're demonstrating . 
  look , these revenges are getting out of hand . 
  it 's supposed to be * petty * revenge . 
  next time maybe have a little sensitivity ? 
  it 's just a lot less populated . 
  compare with countries of similar geographical layout like japan or the uk . 
  in that sense we are tiny . 
  my intent was to make an accurate statement , not to insult . 
  you demonstrated your values and beliefs , not any kind of knowledge . 
  we ca n't have this discussion without it being clear what your relationship to health science is . 
  if you are dismissive of health science , we would investigate why i accept it and you refute it . 
  if you accept health science , we would investigate what you understand health science has to say about these practices and how/why that differs from my understanding . 
  why ? 
  because nursing is governed by evidence based practice , which emerges from health science . 
  is striking actually taking place ? 
  our whole employment model is going to have to change . 
  in the next couple of decades so many low-medium skill jobs will be completely automated . 
  from the original pic i thought maybe it was one of them single wheeled contraptions . 
  well they 're not striking in town yet ... 
  hey guyz , i found one too !, 
  and they were right . 
  a great volume of work has been automated , however we 've been able to find other jobs for people . 
  we are running out of work for low skilled people now , so traditionally mid-skill jobs , like food service , are now largely done by workers historically understood as low-skill , and people with talent being pushing into more technical roles . 
  eventually though , the only work available will be beyond the capacity of many . 
  either the intellectual/technical capacity or the capacity to tolerate the kind of work that remains . 
  if they paid the bond , then they 're screwing themselves . 
  the tenancy tribunal wo n't give the cash back until the landlord signs off . 
  the landlord is n't signing off until they get an alternative bond . 
  talk to tenancy services , they 'll sort you out . 
  i do n't think you 're in that bad of a spot if you have n't pad the bond and the house is n't wrecked . 
  when flatting , do n't sign on with anyone else . 
  either be the sole tenant and take a cash bond from flatmates so they have some incentive not to screw you over . 
  or be a flatmate , not a tenant , and accept you have neither rights nor obligations . 
  if they stop paying the rent , then the landlord will eventually kick you out and they will lose their bond . 
  if you did n't sign the tenancy agreement , then you wo n't be liable for the condition of the house , in which case you really have nothing to worry about except finding a new place to live by the time the landlord realises rent is n't being paid . 
  if you have signed the tenancy agreement , then you need to talk to tenancy services . 
  i would n't feel comfortable abandoning a place i had signed on to be responsible for at least . 
  if you have good character , and can come up with the $ 300-450 usually ask for bond , flatting is a good option . 
  plenty on trademe . 
  your max liability is that bond . 
  no worries about being ripped off by crazy people for serious money . 
  credit does n't matter . 
  i think you should call these guys and explain your situation :, 
  0800 tenancy ( 0800 83 62 62 ), 
  it 's sounds like you 're in a vulnerable position . 
  you need expert advice , not internet advice . 
  psychotherapy and other mental and community health services . 
  alas the alternative really requires an agi to manage . 
  instead of you doing the job , you provide a supportive role , with both you and the ai reacting dynamically when you or an npc succeeds or fails the task . 
  but this is next level . 
  if anyone is thinking about or developing this kind of ai , no one 's talking about it . 
  geez , that damn song . 
  i think these guys are probably your best best :, 
  they do regular events and outings . 
  true intelligence is being aware of the stupid you are capable of . 
  this was my favourite bit :, 
   school trustees association president lorraine kerr said the threat of legal action was ** leaving boards feeling vulnerable and frustrated ** about how to deal with disciplinary matters . 
  damn good job in my opinion , give school boards a taste of what their students experience every day . 
  i have a lot of compassion for teachers , very little for school authorities . 
  all i got taught in school was how to submit to authority , there is no interest in helping students develop their own authority . 
  i certainly respect parents willing to stand up to authority on their child 's behalf . 
  anyone who tells you they are a feminist are feminist like westboro baptist are christian . 
  unless you are pushing to stop women from voting , you are a feminist too . 
  if you are demanding that women have power over men , you are not a feminist , you are crazy . 
  i have not considered joining a school board , as i do n't have any children . 
  i definitely would consider it if i did . 
  i 'll point out i do n't act out of the goodness of my heart , i 'm not a moral person . 
  i act out of my desire for a healthy community . 
  i remember that !, 
  total lolz . 
  i just assume they 're power-trippers to be honest . 
  not enough smarts for real politics , so they find some kids to wield power over . 
  i 'm sure that 's far from universal , but i doubt more reasonable boards have to face lawsuits . 
  i 'll take pot smoking kids over power-tripping adults . 
  i know which causes the more damage . 
  what i know is 16 year olds * do * smoke cannabis . 
  if i was concerned with its use due to the harm you mention i would approach its use with compassion and education , an evidence based approach , not ineffective draconian measures . 
  you really think it 's fine if children make choices that are harmful for them ? 
  you 're not interested in understanding why that choice is so appealing so that better choices might be offered ? 
  how about we create environments where children are cared for and respected ? 
  instead of demanding they accept our arbitrary use of power over them and acting all indignant when they do n't behave as we wish . 
  i beg your pardon , you fascist pig ? 
  * arbitrary * use of power is disgusting , abhorrent , used by people who want what they want and have no consideration for others . 
  i am completely unsurprised that someone of your attitude thinks its use is acceptable . 
  * principled * use of power in something completely different , and rarely seen , in schools or anywhere where there is n't accountability or oversight . 
  principles have to be consistent and coherent .
