  it hits hard , morty , then it slowly fades , leaving you stranded in a failing marriage . 
  i did it . 
  your parents are gon na do it . 
  break the cycle , morty . 
  rise above . 
  focus on science . '', 
  life is full of existential concerns with no easy answers , and yet many feel compelled to answer or resolve them in one way or another to engage in life . 
  our religions have emerged in part from our grappling with these concerns . 
  our propensity to organise and systematise is a another part . 
  life is cruel , life is wonderful . 
  we are evolved organisms before we are moral agents in my opinion . 
  we 're all doing the best we can with the resources available to us in the circumstances we find ourselves in . 
   report crusader . 
  he is chicken, 
  that people find it meaningful i suppose . 
  that is excellent , nothing will get past that . 
  i loved it , particular the way she giggled when describing brutal attacks . 
  that hair is totally porno . 
  the story is n't that long - 3 acts . 
  but as you progress through the difficulties more and more game dynamics are revealed . 
  there are heaps of subtle features too . 
  like you know how you can identify and modify items ? 
  you can do the same to the lockboxes you find - identify them and adjust the enchantment so you get different loot . 
  to be fair , two men having sex would not be seen as gay either . 
  our sexuality was not so rigidly defined in those days , there was no call to be one thing or another . 
  you were who you were , unfettered by definitions . 
  it 's like it 's accepted its place in the food chain . 
  hahah , i have to get this film . 
  what movie is this ? 
  damn tom cruise , why you got ta be so charming yet so not at the same time ? 
  what 's the show ? 
  is it wipeout ? 
  i need to watch that again . 
  what is involved with female test analysis ? 
  sounds much less boring than you might think !, 
  you seem to view american schools with rose tinted glasses . 
  so much of what i hear about us schools is downright grim . 
  like school lunch systems designed to ensure the poorest know they 're the poorest . 
  not to mention zero tolerance policies and general draconian behaviour by administrators . 
  banning access to information easily accessible elsewhere seems rather benign . 
  do you think a smaller number would be more meaningful for you ? 
  wait , i thought this was coming to america . 
  but yes , now i recall . 
  jamie lee curtis was super hot in this movie . 
  is this small subsection ever more than a tiny proportion of the unemployed ? 
  when pak n save advertise jobs and do n't have 2k people show up seeking work , maybe this small subsection might be worth a thought in this regard . 
  in the meantime any focus on this small subsection can only be to avoid focusing on people who are n't responsible for their situation , where society would be expected to shift rather than the individuals ( if we are to maintain coherent values and principles . ), 
  i have sympathy for the fringes of society . 
  it 's not like most of human history where people who did n't fit in could subsist away from society . 
  now days all resources are accounted for and to access them you must conform yourself to the dominant culture . 
  this is about a much as i hoped for from the election . 
  this is the only kind of win the left could make - concessions from the right . 
  indeed , i do n't understand why we talk so much about this 16k and not about the 121k when talking about unemployment . 
  in this environment people pushed to look for work is not what gets people employed : available work is . 
  if anything this would make less work available , surely a business considering new employees is going to factor in the effort of finding quality staff . 
  if they 're going to have to filter through people pushed to look for work , any work , they may decide the effort is n't worth it . 
  damn , i want to see this movie now . 
  warwick davis is awesome . 
  yup . 
  it was my christmas movie this year !, 
  like a boss . 
  if you 're working hard i imagine you 'll be able to get back there without having to deal with the violence before hand . 
  good luck !, 
  that blur before the cut makes it seem like some anime super-power effect . 
  `` next leveeeeeel ... 
  cut !! '', 
  `` she 'll be right mate ! '', 
  the best opinion to have imo is `` i do n't know '' . 
  of course this only really has currency amongst the insightful . 
  amongst the ignorant saying `` i do n't know '' equates to `` i am stupid '' . 
   the universe is both homogeneous and isotropic on very large scales, 
  are we that certain of this ? 
  is n't there evidence of structures even at the largest scale we can observe ? 
  thanks for the great post . 
  i did not know that . 
  but it 's been a nearly couple of decades since i 've seen coming to america . 
  it looks like you could give someone death with that pigeon !, 
  i think i caught myself in a paradox though . 
  according to my statement the best opinion i could have about opinions is `` i do n't know '' . 
  so you shot her ? 
  geez , mate , that 's a bit heavy , eh ? 
  no one else spotted the gun in the pic ? 
  this appeals to my brain . 
  i reckon he was trolling us . 
  why the mentality of targeting anyone at all ? 
  there is more to this than these numbers . 
  of the 16,000 people , how many have been on that benefit for more than 2 , 3 , 4 years ? 
  of the 121,000 people how many were previously on the benefit ? 
  why are there 137,000 unemployed people now when previously there were fewer unemployed people ? 
  surely unemployment rates are n't based on the whims of people 's willingness to work ? 
  there are so many factors to consider . 
  i have crazy curly hair , used to have it so that it came just below my shoulders , but if i pulled it it would go all the way down to my butt . 
  have it short now . 
  i think what i pay is reasonable , wash & cut , takes about 50 minutes , ~ $ 70 . 
  it 's way out west though , so probably not what you 're after . 
  good luck !, 
  the ot helps too : it offers great insight into the problems of trying to live by some kind of objective spiritual law ( with great examples of the alternative by the likes of king david . ), 
  that 's not an answer . 
  why do we arbitrarily focus on the individuals that are out of work and not the factors that made work no longer available to those individuals ? 
  it 's very clear available employment has nothing to do with those seeking work .
