  like , in what houses ? 
  it does n't seem like there 's all this vacant property going around for people to occupy . 
  i 'm looking forward to when he 's forced to use this one :, 
   i took the view that i was acting in my role as a cunt . 
  you 're not a role . 
  where ? 
  the council has been all over the show with its behaviour . 
  they do n't seem to have much discipline of process . 
  i would suggest your friend sees a doctor , rather than someone practising alternative ( i.e. 
  not ) medicine . 
   life is n't a pick and mix you cunt . 
  of course it is . 
  for example the crown has had a long history of picking and choosing how and when to honour the treaty of waitangi . 
  you mean captain america . 
  would this shift in axis have impacted the moon 's gravitational effects on earth ? 
  white lady is the standard go-to for me . 
  both the burgers and chips are top quality . 
  some people ca n't stand the happiness of others . 
  it must be a hard way to live . 
  that 's a good parting message to leave . 
   those are some low-ass chairs, 
  ass chairs are my favourite kind of chairs . 
  stopped believing in the league . 
  well , we ca n't have that now , can we ? 
  hahahaha . 
  it depends on how often your employers/coworkers are drunk i suppose . 
  i do n't think the argument was rebutted , rather it was pointed out that the daily mail is not a good source due to its heavy bias . 
  i try to eat pigs that are happy in life by eating free range produce . 
  who is going to stand in court and admit they did n't report the offending ? 
  nah mate , it 's wellingtonians we do n't like up here . 
  all up yourselves with your beehives and bucket fountains . 
  i think the outrage is the truly grim circumstances many nzers live in , and how this has been considerably exacerbated during national 's tenure . 
  it 's not like they 're protesting people going out and having a good time . 
  they 're protesting national and its policies . 
  your straw man game is weak . 
  no one is protesting the french cafe ( an expensive restaurant where people spend their money on nice things , if you 're not aware . ), 
  these protesters were protesting national . 
  besides , voting is only one part of participating in a democracy . 
  protesting is another . 
  absolutely . 
  i used to work in mental health . 
  this is who the group are protesting . 
  it would be a bit silly to protest a community group seeking donations for a food bank , given what is being complained about . 
  anecdote is not worthless . 
  and your bias towards a certain outcome ( as evidenced by your tendency towards surprise ) should be considered . 
  whether things have gotten worse depend on how you define worse and what data you are willing to consider . 
  do you think national are particularly eager to fund research that would show them in a bad light ? 
  there are plenty of examples of things getting worse since national rose to power . 
  the collapse of acc 's sensitive claims service is one . 
  numerous closures of community health services is another . 
  youth crime on the rise is another . 
  our broken child welfare system ( by anne tolley 's own admission ) is another . 
  i do n't think many in power would do anything to undermine that power . 
  but if anyone was going to , if the detriment to the power base was worth the gains to be made , i think it would be the left . 
  for better or worse . 
  and there are huge gains to be made in critical research into human development and well being outcomes . 
  left and right being broad strokes of something much more subtle . 
  rockhold is a real life captain america . 
  the aliens seem certain this is something he knows . 
  if they want the knowledge , i think we can assume it 's knowledge known to exist , with an understood application . 
  that they do n't have the knowledge , it must be closely guarded , perhaps forbidden . 
  perhaps controlled by the intergalactic government . 
  rick clearly has some kind of edge over the intergalactic government , being able to successfully oppose them as he has . 
  it 's possible the aliens are guessing this knowledge is his edge , but given their specific efforts , i think it 's likely he actually does know . 
  there are a lot of shitty social conditions too . 
  while we demand everyone works , we can expect to have to put up with people who have grown up in such conditions in our workplaces . 
  \u2665 rnz concert . 
  i think the government is staged . 
  how familiar are you with contemporary health science ? 
  from the science i 've seen , it would appear m\u0101ori health outcomes are currently poor relative to the rest of the population . 
  and that it looks like there is a role for traditional healers to play in improving these outcomes . 
  there is medicine , and then there 's the medical system and institution . 
  it would seem how a health system can be accessed and is imposed impacts outcomes . 
  collaboration between the largely western medical model and traditional practitioners is seen as a way to improve health outcomes . 
  i think uncontrolled drinking makes you an alcoholic . 
  getting drunk and crying to christmas movies makes you human , only as weird as everyone else . 
  i would not want to be wanted by the chinese government . 
  this is theatre . 
  this is national playing at `` look , we care , it 's just the system does n't work '' . 
  when really cyf has failed like a well used car that never gets serviced might fail . 
  the nature of gender and gender identity is not fully understood . 
  the commonly held understanding of the split between mind and body is largely inaccurate . 
  psychiatric practice needs to carefully balance its role in providing health care while avoiding imposing dominant values upon people who do n't fall into typical social roles . 
  psychiatric care used to be offered to homosexuals as well . 
  it did n't go well . 
   you say that the commonly held understanding of body and mind are inaccurate , would you care to elaborate on that ? 
  we tend to split between body and mind as if they are different , separate things . 
  when upon close inspection we find they are integrated and inseparable . 
   it just confuses things . 
  confusion is often the most accurate expression of our understanding of ourselves . 
  maybe someone snuck it in , knowing the editing process is lax ? 
  that 's great . 
  mj savage was the man . 
  it 's a good thing the council has a high density house plan , centred around transport hubs . 
  this is part of the reason why cyf is failing . 
  without these kinds of services helping to bare the load , cyf has to cope with it all . 
  without youthline helping people make better decisions for themselves , we will be left with the fallout which will include unwanted pregnancies . 
  it can be a matter of getting out there and enjoying yourself a few times , to establish that preconditioned sense of enjoyment before heading out . 
  how significant is that sum , in terms of the business of launching rockets ? 
  it could be a way to juggle the management structure as well .
