  that 's conforming to your values . 
  different things . 
  this is what i find impressive :, 
   the e-elt will be able to correct for the atmospheric distortions , providing images 16 times sharper than those from the hubble space telescope, 
  nope , that 's you rejecting what you do n't accept . 
  the royal family are subject to evolving and currently they 're thriving . 
  so they 're doing something right . 
  well , we ca n't agree on whether the royal family is a net loss or gain for tax payers . 
  from the sources i trust the british taxpayer is by far the greater financial beneficiary of the current arrangement with the crown . 
  clearly you trust different sources . 
  you found the [ best bit ] ( https://youtu.be/pwq56gcboi8?t=122 ) . 
  it is good with sound . 
  this line is the best :, 
   she is now one of the country 's few professional advisers on medical conditions related to radiofrequency ( rf ) radiation and other electromagnetic fields ( emfs ) . 
  in other words , the doctor is one of the few willing to make a buck off people 's fear and ignorance . 
  i guess that 's partly why they got dumped in auckland . 
  i 'd be curious to know what tech they 're using . 
  maybe find another doctor ? 
  i had a flatmate with a condition that his doctor said nothing could be done about due to his young age and good health . 
  he went to a different doctor for a sexual health check-up and mentioned this ( non-sexual ) health concern he had , the doctor checked it out and immediately got the ball rolling to get treatment via the public health system . 
  i think , but am not an expert , that finding health insurance that will cover pre-existing conditions is difficult , unless you 're signing up a group . 
  also known as the entire nz airforce . 
  not that i 'm complaining , pretty sure the savings are serving us more than a real airforce right now . 
  freedom to study what i want and to use what i learn as i want . 
  nzherald knows how to get them clicks . 
  i suggest abandoning blame altogether . 
  everything has a cause . 
  and all humans are evolved organisms doing the best they can with the resources they have available . 
   maybe i 'm a complete dork, 
  correct . 
   part of being a kid is learning to respect rules and authority . 
  i would agree if what was also taught to children was how to maintain one 's own authority and how to question the rules . 
  but instead we 're taught to accept the status quo , so fuck that shit . 
  that 's our mum , the queen of england !, 
  powerful woman . 
  the power of droit du seigneur . 
  i think it 's a pretty decent reflection of how we tend to `` know '' things in general . 
  well that answers my `` but why ? '', 
  question . 
  thanks . 
   whats going on in theses fuckers heads . 
  anger . 
  disappointment . 
  despair . 
  confusion . 
  at least this is what i would expect of those who find themselves without a place they can feel valued within our communities and thus find themselves acting out . 
  next time forget the defensive wall of text . 
  it makes it seem like if i had a problem with your service that i would have to face defensive rather than helpful staff . 
  just go with `` hey , sorry about your bad experience , i would be happy to assist ... '', 
  yes , i too have developed the capacity to cope with these experiences without acting them out . 
  which is comforting . 
  i do n't think there is a usual way we act out . 
  acting out can range from slamming doors to murder . 
  i just do n't take `` whats going on in these fuckers heads '' as a rhetorical question . 
  i 'm actually interested in understanding . 
  as it turns out people are incredibly complex . 
  it also turns out we typically understand each other with simple judgements . 
  probably just a little kid . 
  better to teach them a lesson like this than traumatise them with adult drama they have little way of understanding . 
  we 've got a few round about the place in auckland ( led streetlights ) and they are mint . 
  it 's a little uncanny at first having a brightly lit area at night without the usual glare . 
  porn turned gore ? 
  do n't drive during rush hour is a favourite of mine . 
  allpress or altezano make the best espresso ( any cafes selling this will have trained the baristas . ), 
  public libraries are decent . 
  clubbing in town is not . 
  the various volcanic cones make for good , easy access chill-out spots , mt hobson up remuera rd ( close to newmarket ) is a favourite of mine . 
  so what does thanos do with his days ? 
  does he just sit around pondering alone ? 
  i recently quit my job understanding this . 
  of course , i had to grind out the job much longer than i wanted while i saved up enough money so that i could afford being unemployed . 
  i could look for new work while employed , but i do n't want to be stuck in the same trap again , so i want to make some effort in choosing my next employer . 
  effort that 's hard to make while grinding out a miserable job . 
  thanks . 
  do you know where i can find the original ? 
  so a hyper-powerful , super-sullen emo kid , eh ? 
  things are a bit tense in russia right now ... 
  where ? 
  seriously , fuck that shit . 
  also a bonus for freedom in nz is people ca n't be identified by a universal id . 
  unlike in the us for example where your social security number is effectively your national id number . 
  although this is becoming less powerful in the age of meta data fingerprints . 
  passport or 18 + card are acceptable alternatives in most cases . 
  well there is plenty of good espresso about , like the scullery on k'road for instance . 
  but there are lots of places selling mediocre espresso as well . 
  if they 're selling allpress or altezano then at least you know the baristas have had decent training . 
  but only things where you legitimately need to prove yourself . 
  and you have options . 
  you can give one service your passport , the next your drivers license . 
  many services that require personal information in the us will simply refuse service without your ss # . 
  i 'm pretty sure we only need a couple of cases of people recording these parents and them getting shamed in social media for this behaviour to collapse . 
  how often do you have to provide your ss # for general staff ( like joining a gym , taking a loan , booking a hotel , etc. 
  i see , thanks . 
  is it very often your ss # is requested even though you 're not obligated to provide it ? 
  sure , i was trying to gauge to range of places that might ask . 
  i got asked a couple of times for a ss # when i was in the us but never used any of those services you mentioned . 
  of course i did n't have one which puzzled a couple of staff . 
  this was upstate ny , maybe it 's just the people up there ? 
  neither signs nor polite requests !, 
  i get the feeling something like that actually happened , with high fives when they wrote about how they left the argument to write about the bit .
