  depends where you live i suppose . 
  not everywhere has weird customs that allow customers to walk all over staff . 
  i do n't think rick would have that fantasy about tammy + bird person/pheonix person . 
  i wonder how you ended up with maturity and boundaries while your sister did n't . 
  families are weird . 
  well , it could still be thanks to 4chan . 
  it 's 4chan after all . 
  harsh punishment is n't new and untested . 
  it 's the easy and obvious option , we 've been doing it forever . 
  we know very well how effective it is . 
  which is to say , it 's not very effective , especially as a sole intervention . 
  more effective , less easy and obvious , is making sure those growing up in our communities are looked after as they grow . 
  but at least we have competent people in power . 
  and no nanny state . 
  who wants that ? 
  poor insight sure equals crime . 
  there was an arch where there was a clock counting down seconds , and it took at least three episodes to count down five seconds , accompanied by some side character screaming throughout the whole thing . 
  that was it for me . 
  which is so sad , because i loved tony tony chopper . 
  great guy . 
   either way i do n't care . 
  yeah i get it , what you 're about is being angry , reasoned discussion is n't what you 're here for . 
  i 'm sure you have your reasons for being angry , i 'm sorry about that . 
  your response suggests there are unreasonable escalating demands , minimising the concerns raised in the article . 
  could n't it be that there is a long line of articles because we 're genuinely too harsh on prisoners and that is yet to change ? 
  yeah , you like to be angry , i like to be understanding . 
  that 's how people be . 
  you ca n't make people be something they do n't wan na be . 
  ugh , you have my sympathy , i too have a human body so i understand . 
  that 's hypnotising . 
  all the while canterbury dhb is supposed to be cutting its costs . 
  but people still wonder if opposition parties are competent enough to be in government . 
  national are clearly demonstrating competence is n't necessary !, 
  par for the course really . 
  era rulings are only really effective where the company wishes to remain in business with a good public image . 
  it 's a difficult balance to maintain . 
  we want to be able to hold companies and those who run them accountable . 
  and we want to ensure running a company is n't overly arduous and risky , because at the end of the day , companies generate economic activity . 
   but it is n't arduous and risky to run a business if you run it effectively and efficiently . 
  that 's an oversimplification . 
  there are all kinds of risks running a business . 
  making no mistakes , being effective and efficient is no guarantee of success . 
   i do n't see why running a business should be the one avenue in life where you 're allowed to fuck up and then just be totally forgiven and suffer no lasting consequences . 
  it 's such a double standard . 
  if this was really the case , everyone would be running a business . 
  you 'll notice that in the article the only way businesses were able to avoid paying up was by ceasing business : hardly a lack of consequences . 
  the directors would have lost out and would have to work hard to build up something new . 
   there are countless examples of people running dozens of businesses into the ground and just starting again immediately . 
  it 's a terrible system that is designed to be abused . 
  is it though ? 
  do you have real data demonstrating this ? 
  there are a lot of businesses in nz . 
  what proportion do you think are being run this way ? 
  the problem is making things more difficult for the large volume of businesses being started up and run fairly , just so that you can nail the few on the fringe who try to take unfair advantage . 
  if this is disproportionate , we wo n't be able to afford any social safety nets . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't improvements to be made . 
  i 'm trying to point out that this is a difficult and complex balancing act . 
  which would make running a business much more of a risk ... 
  directors can be held personally accountable in some circumstancese , they can be prosecuted . 
  but having your business fail is not illegal . 
  there are plenty of other consequences that makes a failing business undesireable . 
  yale publishing a graph that looks like [ this ] ( http://yaleglobal.yale.edu/sites/default/files/images/homelessnesshomelesschaniejuly2017.jpg ) is news , at least in the sense of how this will impact the perception our economic partners will have of us . 
  i mean , i prefer your sources , i 'm glad you posted them . 
  it 's still bad news !, 
  it 's still very complicated . 
  what happens when the employee is responsible for an era complaint against another employee ? 
  or any number of other situations . 
  is the problem so pressing we need to start working out all these fine details ? 
  maybe . 
  i 'd like to see the evidence if it is . 
  i wan na see what happens next . 
   business failure is the only one where you 're totally protected from liability . 
  this is a false statement . 
  no , i do n't think the problem is so pressing either . 
  i suggest `` learn from my mistakes '' be a new principle of yours . 
  what 's that ? 
  a government it project in trouble ? 
  unpossible !, 
  the jobs do n't even have to be that large . 
  often it 's managers being unwilling to accept the degree of complexity involved in their project and the resources needed to achieve that complexity . 
  what they have in mind seems straight forward `` i just want ... '' , and cause pain for those trying to nail down the details . 
  there are n't enough posts like this in this sub . 
  i am looking for an amd crossfire bridge . 
  i was given two vid cards from a mining rig , i want to run them sli but i have no bridge . 
  it 's really hard to get hold of one , but i 'm sure there are lots lying around unused . 
  i 'm looking for an amd crossfire bridge if anyone has one lying around . 
  they 're really hard to come by , by themselves !, 
  well , yeah . 
  like when john key got into power while telling us he 's not going to screw the vulnerable by raising gst : a tax increase on everyone , not just those who can afford it . 
  he then goes ahead and raises gst , then gets re-elected . 
  honesty ? 
  just tell us what we want to hear . 
  i managed to score one , but thanks . 
  it it falls through , i 'll hit you up . 
  consider it journalism . 
  after all , no one was really secretly shooting pics . 
  the photo is a moment someone came across that they felt was worth capturing . 
  i think this is a kind of journalism . 
  the lives of others is certainly the business of everyone . 
  being entitled to privacy is n't the same as being assured it all the time .
