  maybe they mean that it 's not as dangerous as say , working as a police officer or prison guard . 
  i think i 'll sign up !, 
  yeah , my first thought was `` i respect the commitment . '', 
  i think it 's rarely about greed . 
  i mean , million dollar jewellery heists , sure . 
  but people robbing stores ... desperation , confusion , indifference , anger , absolutely . 
  but if greed is about people wanting more of what they already have ... who 's robbing a store for that ? 
  this person was telling me about personal responsibility the other day . 
  they seemed pretty convinced that this will solve the drug problem , and all other problems , in nz . 
  so new laws are n't necessary . 
  politicians must have more important things to do than passing laws . 
  i 'm not sure what , but this person said i was n't very bright ... 
  wasnt there an article where the head of the church made the point that the church was no sistine chapel and that the money may be better spent on other things , like the poor and needy ? 
  but that social deficit ... 
  that might actually be sensible . 
  mcnutty will always get an upvote from me . 
  i despair thinking how many people died to defeat fascism , yet here we are heading right back down that path . 
  the wrong part of the thread . 
  i meet to post where people were talking about how their bosses can screw them over with impunity . 
  i would say kohimarama counts , but i recall a recent sideswipe article complaining about the bin overflowing with allpress coffee cups . 
  you 're rolling the dice relying on internet advice . 
  i would suggest getting more appropriate advice unless you 're in a position to gamble with your employment . 
  fun is an understatement . 
  it 's fresh , it 's brilliant . 
  gif makers and meta , they go hand-in-hand . 
  especially the [ high quality ] ( / r/highqualitygifs / ) variety . 
  we really need to get the message out about personal responsibility so this all goes away !, 
  again again . 
   well healthcare is a thing that can always use more resources . 
  this is n't true . 
  it is true we can always waste more resources . 
  the problem right now is there is cost-effective spending that we 're missing out on . 
  there is money that we could spend now that would save money later on , or allow people to generate more resources than is being spent on them . 
  people are angry because for ideological reasons money is n't being spent . 
   prolly spend more by hiring staff to run this new hospital . 
  are you sure ? 
  the current approach to increase spending in one area is to reduce spending in another . 
  for instance dhbs are being instructed to spend more money on mental health care , without being given additional money . 
  monafinil does n't really have much scope for abuse . 
  it 's a wakeful agent that improves memory and cognitive performance with few side-effects . 
  it 's not a stimulant , there 's no real high or buzz . 
  studies have shown long-term usage has no negative effects . 
  that 's a strong misrepresentation of the drug . 
  even the sources provided say the opposite of the overall message of that article . 
  the negative statements about the drug appear to stem from a political stance of `` drugs are bad '' rather than sound medical research . 
  i do n't believe you are able to provide a sound and coherent basis for the statement `` the truth is that it is a very powerful drug with a high chance of being misused . '', 
  unless you can point to the data i missed that demonstrates this ? 
  i 'm sure it * can * be misused . 
  but does it have a high chance of being misused ? 
  that evidence suggests the opposite . 
  the `` not being enough hours in the day '' problem as you call it is also a political problem : society placing more pressures on people than they are able to bear . 
  lets solve this problem . 
  modafinil is n't a controlled substance , it 's a prescription medicine . 
  that 's not true of heroin . 
  research shows that modafinil has low potential for abuse or addiction . 
  again , not true of heroin . 
  there 's no evidence of widespread abuse of modafinil . 
  again , not true of heroin . 
  unless you can point to evidence in the contrary , all you 're doing is confirming that your objection to modafinil is based in ideology , not science . 
  there 's nothing of value in my car . 
  i mean , i take that thing all kinds of places , why would i leave anything i care about in it ? 
  i could n't borrow anything because i did n't have a long history of high economic performance . 
  nz on the other hand ... 
  [ narcolepsy medication modafinil is world 's first safe ` smart drug ' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/aug/20/narcolepsy-medication-modafinil-worlds-first-safe-smart-drug ) - the guardian 2015, 
   modafinil is the world 's first safe `` smart drug '' , researchers at harvard and oxford universities have said , after performing a comprehensive review of the drug . 
  they concluded that the drug , which is prescribed for narcolepsy but is increasingly taken without prescription by healthy people , can improve decision - making , problem-solving and possibly even make people think more creatively . 
  are you saying we should ban sugar ? 
  water drank in excess can cause health problems , should we ban that too ? 
  are you saying that humans should not be allowed to make their own decisions because of your lack of faith ? 
  how are you defining abuse ? 
  how do you think humans managed to be so successful when we 're so poor at making decisions ? 
  you clearly do n't understand what a comprehensive review is . 
  it means the researchers assessed all available research on the matter . 
  do you have a better source of information than what i citied ? 
  the page you linked is no more robust than what i linked . 
  that 's good enough for you but not for me ? 
  you clearly have an ideological objection to drug use . 
  this only increases drug use as we 've seen with the war on drugs . 
  opiates are a huge problem in the us due to over-prescription and [ lack of choice for safer alternatives ] ( https://www.sciencealert.com/93-of-patients-prefer-cannabis-over-opioids-for-managing-their-pain-according-to-new-study ) . 
  my background is mental health practice . 
  sometimes that means helping people overcome addiction , i know how drugs harm people . 
  sometimes it 's drugs that are harmful , but sometimes it 's the world people are forced to put up with . 
  ideological opposition to what people find helpful leads to people finding more harmful options . 
  there is no single system . 
  life is different in hong kong , than it is in the us , than it is in nz . 
  people live complex lives in complex circumstances . 
  some people are subjected to horrible socio-economic pressures and oppressive regimes there is no escaping from . 
  being drug-free is no guarantee that you will be free from a living hell . 
  if a person believes that drugs , prescribed or otherwise , will help them in their circumstances , then all power to them . 
  my faith compels me to disregard simple judgements of good and evil , rather i must accept the complex reality we 're all faced with . 
  besides , i 'm not encouraging anything , other than fair representation of drugs and their impact . 
  from the information i 'm aware of , modafinil helps far more than it harms . 
  obviously you believe differently : all drugs are bad . 
  i do n't believe you have a sound basis for this belief , but i 'm not omniscient . 
  i feel like i 'm seeing this for the first time . 
  it reminds me of the movie [ cashback ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460740/ ) . 
  so he 's just not allowed out during peeping hours ? 
  that seems like a light sentence . 
  should have changed it to psychiatrist offices , which is to say offices where one would meet a psychiatrist . 
  i think some of the colours in the picture are exaggerated , but you can absolutely see the galactic core in all its glory if the skies are sufficiently dark .
