  the training is largely practical . 
  they 're teaching after about two weeks of training . 
  yeah , it was a masters . 
  i think what people are saying is right , that you can still reach children teaching . 
  it 's just the circumstances were much more grim and disconnected from children 's experience than she anticipated . 
  i do , of course . 
  it 's like we 're a parody of ourselves, 
  any source for this ? 
  cause i would love to share it around . 
  and anything else that is similar . 
  the whole scene is fantastic . 
  that sounds like something that is easy to get footage of ... 
  too bad . 
  you do n't really want to be swimming where there 's livestock anyhow , water tends to be polluted with run-off . 
  anyone know who the woman at the beginning of the video is ? 
  she 's vaguely familiar . 
  of course !, 
  thank you . 
   why did n't mick and mimi flinch when hazel snuck up behind them ? 
  this got me . 
  thank goodness sir john put a stop to this . 
   in july 2016 , the government 's $ 354 million emergency housing grant was launched, 
  and this becomes debt for desperate families , right ? 
  if so this is a double-whammy . 
  money wasted treating the symptom of a problem unaddressed . 
  and unserviceable debt for families who already have enough weighing them down . 
  thank, 
  it did n't look too bad . 
  he probably had another go . 
  this has to be watched to the very end , i lost it at `` your breath is stinky ! '', 
  quick , let 's ramp up immigration some more . 
  that 'll keep working , right ? 
  you do have to admit , of the social sciences economics hold enviable public esteem . 
  if you have insight into some other social science , the results of disregarding the insights of such science can be painfully obvious . 
  even stuff like environmental science often takes a back seat to economics . 
  there are a lot of people who benefit from international students , and there 's been a lot of infrastructure built to support them ( including all them horrible student towers in auckland . ), 
  labour needs a plan on how to deal with the stiff opposition they 're going to face . 
  does it work when social infrastructure is being ground to a halt ? 
  is it the only thing that works ? 
  personally i think we 'd be better off preparing for rising refugee numbers . 
  no way . 
  mcdonalds in poor neighbourhoods charge more than those in rich neighbourhoods . 
  so ... orange lumps ? 
  it 's a difficult appointment for anyone i think . 
  it feels like it 's still early 90s internet level . 
  which seems right on track . 
  i do n't think anyone sensible listens to what the moe has to say about anything related to education in nz . 
  cat learnt the vengeance of sheep . 
  it 's like a kid from the future who do n't realise hoverboards have n't been invented yet . 
  cause that kid sure expected that board to do some magic . 
  we waste a lot more valuable things than food . 
  food is cheap , people go hungry because of our economic models . 
  there were pissed , right ? 
  he 'll feel that in the morning . 
  but , but , the tourism and the dairy . 
  is n't that all we need ? 
  yeah , well , the knowledge economy was thrown away . 
  there are plenty of examples of good results from the push while it lasted , but we 're not nearly as successful as we could have been if we kept it up . 
  overall we 're undermining our potential for economic activity by allowing people to grow up in poverty and limiting access to health resources . 
  people under strain do not contribute to the economy to their maximum potential . 
  you could probably patent that . 
   at what point do you look at the results of these studies and question the methodology . 
  not before addressing real and obvious areas of neglect in our communities . 
  what i wonder is would you rather bring your child up in 2007 nz or 2017 nz ? 
  poverty was n't a buzzword , no . 
  it was vernacular of serious academia . 
  since 2007 it has indeed been downgraded to mere buzzword . 
  2007 felt better because we were doing a better job of looking after each other . 
  sorry , which part ? 
  the use of the idea of `` poverty '' in 2007 social science literature ? 
  or my subjective experience of 2007 & 2017 ? 
  i 'm not that young , 10 years is n't that long . 
  i was thinking stuff like dramatic jumps in mental health call outs . 
  or the government admitting cyfs has failed . 
  or many other objective measures of increasing problems . 
  like increased begging and homelessness . 
  you mean the burst which really did n't impact nz all that much ? 
  maybe what your psychic gift teaches you about humanity compels you to remain silent ? 
  bitcoin is on the decline , ethereum is growing not because it 's a better currency , but because it 's much more than a currency . 
  eventually the value of a global virtual machine will become apparent and there will be wide acceptance of ethereum or similar . 
   it 's not like the current government is intentionally fucking the long term function of the country for short term gain or anything , oh wait . 
  fucking the long term function of the country provides long term benefit for those hoping to be at the top of an authoritarian regime . 
  a desperate , unsophisticated population is ripe for manipulation and exploitation . 
  that guy , concerned about his windscreen , not the gas fire just beside him . 
  that fire extinguisher going untouched . 
  that would cause the worst brain freeze . 
  they 'll be around 30 now . 
  i wonder how they 're doing . 
  all things being equal , there should be no relationship between uptime and performance . 
  however an application with a memory leak for instance would perform slower over time . 
  i 'm not familiar with any articles detailing a relationship between performance and uptime , no . 
  as i understand , there 's no such relationship except where there is a problem . 
  if you try searching for something like `` server slow long uptime '' you wo n't find responses saying `` this is normal and expected , reboot more often '' , you will find people explaining how to find a solution . 
  the most obvious cause is a memory leak , however there are other ways system resources can be tied up over time . 
  if it was a genuine issue then regular reboots would be a normal part of system maintenance , which it is n't . 
  typically you 're trying to minimise any disruption to a production system . 
  critical systems would require an extra level of redundancy so you can periodically reboot parts of it without taking the whole system down . 
  this is not my experience . 
  i 've worked with servers that have been literally up for years . 
  what i wonder is what do you think would cause a slow down ?
