  hopefully coyote found a more suitable , undefended meal soon after . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  child development begins at conception , having a child 's development occur without a natural womb and all the things that surround it ( mum 's biochemistry , internal and external sounds ) will have some kind of impact . 
  and our earliest experiences impact us most profoundly . 
  hard to fault parents seeking this option when none other is available , but we become a different species if this becomes the dominant method of reproduction . 
  so careful thought will be required !, 
  lead ?!, 
  you do n't want that entering the food chain !, 
  but for most of that time it was some `` nerd '' thing for people with no lives . 
  like me !, 
  it was great time . 
  are you specifically looking for alternative medicine ? 
  i would recommend a gp or physiotherapist before a chiropractor . 
  a physio might still do back manipulation as an adjunct anyway . 
  welcome to life . 
  if it only it was , eh ? 
  this is probably the most relevant bit :, 
   she said the ban could have a negative impact on the global dairy market overall as there will be a lot of product out of the european union now trying to find a new home . 
  a bunch of fucking cunts i think is the most accurate description you 'll find . 
  those words are n't really harsh enough , there are no words . 
  til . 
  people probably too busy hooking up to post about it . 
  it 's not like there was any implication ... 
  they 're the real world [ massive dynamic ] ( http://www.massivedynamic.com/ ) . 
  i suspect the logo references the company . 
  stuff is definitely a joke . 
  you might have more success if you forget this `` league '' concept . 
  i wish movies that end with heroic saviours had celebrations that capture the loss and recovery , with some words that make clear the losses and how worse it would be without the heroes or something like that , efforts to recover , move forward , etc. 
  at a cancer salon you mean ? 
  it 's an indictment on us as a society that rape is n't so rare that it 's pertinent to take precautions against it . 
  the support for rape victims and those seeking help with their behaviour is appalling in nz . 
  we just do n't care to invest any of our resources into the issue . 
  it kind of is if you look at the stats . 
  if you do a google search you can find stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf ) which shows nz near the top for reported rape in the oecd . 
  un reports consistently highlight domestic violence as a problem for nz , which is where most sexual violence takes place :, 
  i do n't think you 'll find any research that paints a different picture . 
  no , that would be madness . 
  one can not take precautions against all the rare threats they might be exposed to . 
  i doubt it 's even possible to compile an exhaustive list . 
   and yet you happily accept that people flying with more than 100ml of liquid is unreasonably unsafe ? 
  happily accept ? 
  no , no i do n't . 
   the probability of a bad thing happening to us bears no relation to the precautionary measures we take . 
  that might be true for you . 
  for myself i consider the likelihood of the occurrence , the severity of the occurrence , the cost of efforts to mitigate the risk and the likelihood of those efforts being effective . 
   whether or not rape is common is not a factor people take in to account when they consider precautionary measures . 
  i do n't expect to be raped . 
  i take no precautions against it . 
  then you seem to have missed my point about the indictment on our society that most people think they 're at risk of being raped . 
  i guess i missed it because i did n't realise you were equating our response to international terrorism and our response to sexual violence in our community . 
  our response to terrorism and our response to rape are not equitable for many reasons . 
  for one the likelihood of being a victim of a sexual violence is much greater than the kind of terrorism the measures you mention are intended to counter . 
  the reason why we have restrictions in our air travel is more to do with us law than what 's happening in our own backyard . 
  i do n't see any merit to your point . 
  i thought margaret thatcher was dead . 
  i did n't realise this was an inquisition . 
  i do n't see how statistically negligible risk activities relate to the real threat of rape and sexual violence people are likely to be exposed to in nz . 
  see if your doc will hook you up with some [ modafinil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modafinil#fatigue ) . 
  you wo n't complain about sleep then !, 
  and we were a lone voice against a superpower . 
  the whole national cabinet is formed from bullies . 
  we 've had plenty of examples of the bullying behaviour of national cabinet members and mps in recent months . 
  national is about power for the powerful and opportunities for the rich . 
  hahah , so true . 
  collins no doubt imagines herself a great hero of nz protecting good honest kiwis from the vicious evil feral element that slater is eager to remind us of . 
  i used to wear jeans . 
  i switched to dress pants now wo n't switch back . 
  they 're much more comfortable to wear than jeans . 
  there 's a difference between holding your authority and being a bully . 
  i do n't doubt there are a number of effective bullies across the political spectrum , given the nature of politics . 
  but given the raw deal the most vulnerable have gotten under national i believe bullying is core to national 's character . 
  nah , just political hype and effective electioneering . 
  there are a few fervent zealots who would love such a cult , but there 's no issue with talking smack about key in most contexts . 
  the general public is consumed with living their lives , it can be difficult to take the time to develop a deeper understanding of something somewhat abstracted from their day-to-day . 
  local realtor dennis dunford will never get my business . 
  he puts note pads in the mail box with no room for writing , just his details . 
  what you are saying is nonsense . 
  certainly a lot of our behaviour is arbitrary , but that does not mean that all of our behaviour is . 
  we would not survive as a species if that was the case . 
  people take precaution against rape because rape is a feature of our culture and society . 
  all our crime is an indictment on our society . 
  our particularly high levels of sexual violence is a particular indictment . 
  i got richard horvitz to say that line at a con once , it was great . 
  `` now prepare to suffer your moosey fate ! '', 
  if anyone asks me what i 'm doing or thinking about when i 'm day-dreaming i tell them i am pondering my moosey fate . 
  just because op posts for karma , does n't mean everyone else does . 
  pretty cool i thought , more clean energy for nz . 
  a bit worried about the state of the world , but hopeful for the future . 
  he telegraphed the heck out of that punch , the other guy must have been drunk or something not to see it coming . 
  lolz , like any pro key song is going to get 80k hits . 
  i do n't see how internet content equates to advertisement . 
  if it was being promoted at the beginning of youtube videos or on nzherald banner ads , that would be one thing . 
  but people need to be free to express themselves in the way the internet allows . 
  or are we suddenly all censored from posting our gifs and memes that might have political content ? 
  are my political reddit posts `` election advertisements '' ? 
  i 'd rather carpool . 
  anyone need a lift from kohi/mission bay to the city by 7:45 weekdays ? 
  you are good times eal . 
  stabilised on the nuke if someone would n't mind !, 
  i get line speed , ~ 1.5 mb/s .
