  i 'm not aware of anything worth investing in more than our children . 
  investing in children is how we minimise the number of children in state care . 
  children we take care of grow up to have children that can care of themselves . 
  the problems we see today are a result of not taking care of yesterday 's children . 
  ( via complex things like colonisation , war , poverty - which ultimately result in neglected children . ), 
  * shrug *, 
  you 're allowed to believe humans are magical creatures unbound by physical reality if you want . 
  conveniently that lets you judge and blame others without the need for insight or intelligence . 
  bravo , hero . 
  i 'm not judging you , no . 
  i 'm responding to your comments , which is all i know about you . 
  what it means is that humans are complex organisms . 
  we have bodies and brains that give us abilities and capacities . 
  these are n't magical in nature , but developed through biological and psychosocial evolution . 
  we work in specific , albeit complex ways . 
  we 've spend a good hundred years studying this in a disciplined , scientific fashion . 
  what we know tells us that if nia glassie had been abused up to but before the point of death , she would have a high chance of severe disturbance , missing many capacities we would call normal . 
  she probably would n't be a person you would want to be around , just like her mother is probably not someone you want to be around . 
  would you blame nia for this , knowing the horror she grew up with ? 
  what about her mother ? 
  what happened to her that left her so disturbed ? 
  do you care , or do you just see her horrific behaviour and judge her on that ? 
  i assumed oriwa was nia 's mother , but it does n't change anything . 
  basically your belief is that humans are magical . 
  that we each have equal opportunity to choose `` right or wrong '' , regardless of our upbringing . 
  that 's not what is observed from a disciplined , scientific perspective . 
  enjoy your judgements , as that 's all the benefit they give you . 
  they only exacerbate violence in our community . 
  bravo , hero . 
   so you do not know anything about the case but feel qualified enough to spout your expertise regardless ? 
  the detail is n't important to the discussion . 
   basically your belief is people are programmed from birth and have no ability to think or act for themselves later in life and their future is wholly dependent on the upbringing they had . 
  no , it 's not . 
  my belief is we exist in a complex dynamic involving our genetics , epigenetics , developmental environment , social environment , political environment and the natural environment . 
   i sure would like to see this disciplined , scientific perspective though . 
  let me introduce you to some of the dominant theories that influence government decision making around the world :, 
  [ attachment theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attachment_theory ), 
  [ psychosocial stages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erikson%27s_stages_of_psychosocial_development ), 
  [ object relations theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/object_relations_theory ), 
  [ evolutionary psychology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evolutionary_psychology ), 
  people are ultimately rational . 
  if you raise a person in hostile circumstance , they will respond accordingly . 
  you 're talking about right and wrong , i 'm talking about complex human behaviour . 
  they 're pretty much opposite ways of understanding people . 
  only one way helps us understand how we can change unwanted behaviour . 
  obviously i ca n't convince you of anything , after all , you seem confident that you understand deep fields of study with just a quick assessment of some wikipedia articles . 
  i never said anything about anything being clear . 
  we are more complex than our capacity to understand ourselves . 
  but you believe what you want . 
  * shrug *, 
  keep blaming your baddies , keep up your simplistic thinking , if that 's what you want . 
  but it helps no one and will only perpetuate the wrong you see . 
  you mean like our degraded rivers , or emissions generated climate change ? 
  sweet , money to clean up our rivers !, 
  yeah right . 
  gee , if only we had some other way of making money ? 
  maybe technology ? 
  some kind of ... what might it be called ... `` knowledge economy '' ? 
  but nah , that would require a healthy , educated population . 
  that 's just not something a rich country with low debt levels like ours can realistically achieve . 
  [ vista entertainment ] ( http://www.vista.co/ ) and [ orion health ] ( https://orionhealth.com/nz/ ) are other good examples of how we can be leaders in technology on the world stage . 
  i 'm not really sure how location impacts this ? 
  maybe time zones ? 
  i 've worked for a software company in nz where the majority of our clients were in the us , that worked fine . 
  i believe we could be doing better , but things like cutting the student allowance for post-grad study as well as limiting health services reduces the quality of the employment pool . 
  relying on resource intensive dairy or low value tourism , plus migration to prop up our economy is easy and works in the short term , but what about the future ? 
  cool , thanks . 
  that 's not what the nzdf chief at the time says :, 
   meanwhile , the former chief of defence force said he was `` pretty confident '' there were no civilian casualties in the raids . 
   lieutenant general rhys jones was in the position from 2011 to 2014 . 
   he said the claims of casualties were investigated at the time . 
  that included a visit to a local hospital , where investigators found a couple of `` fighting age '' men with gunshot wounds . 
   if we stopped farming , other counties would increase their production which would result in higher total greenhouse emissions . 
  we do n't have to stop farming , just be more responsible with our farming . 
  we could leverage our ability to produce low emission dairy , pair this with a genuine recovery of our waterways and the environment in general . 
  there 's a huge market for eco-friendly products . 
  this easily feed into our tourism industry , targeting high value eco-tourists . 
  which could feed back into marketing our export products to overseas visitors . 
  other producers see the economic benefits of this behaviour , improve their own dairy production . 
  we 're missing an opportunity by focusing on high volume , low value product . 
  and the environment is losing out . 
  we could try and give 13 year olds better opportunities ? 
  i do n't think the issue is gender or sexuality based . 
  it 's not about guys thoughtlessly wanting to bang girls ( despite this being the most obvious and easy to talk about scenario . ), 
  but at least it 's a starting point i suppose . 
  the issue is much closer to our general reluctance to talk about sex , or to take it as a serious , ubiquitous part of our lives . 
  the questions are many , the answers are few . 
  and as a society , sexual violence is rife , even at the best of times we do little to protect the vulnerable and these are far from the best of times . 
  as such we have an endless supply of kids growing up wholly unprepared for the very acute the internal and external pressures we face . 
  which perpetuates this whole business . 
  that guy keeps on his board as natural as i keep on my feet ... 
  yes , it 's a helpful message to get across . 
  all the five eyes nations are very similar in many significant aspects . 
  particularly culture and politics . 
  obviously from the inside it 's easy to see our differences , but taking a broader view of all nations , it 's clear why we 're aligned as such . 
  sometimes it 's what people do n't do , despite everything . 
  this is a general statement , i do n't know anything about this person , except what i 've seen in this thread and vague memories of his passing in the media . 
  maybe if we all benefitted from this growth , rather than just the most well off enjoying more . 
  the speed of light is the speed light travels * through * space . 
  this is talking about the speed at which the volume of space increases , thus increasing the distance between objects in space .
