  are you sure perpetuating the idea that racists are dumb does n't contribute to perpetuating that racism ? 
  anyway , my point is i do n't see much difference between one prejudice about people or another . 
  we 're all bigots , behaviours are to be supported or opposed , not personal experiences and beliefs . 
  people choosing who they live with does n't even make the list . 
  my understanding is that all people are evolved organisms doing the best they can with the resources available to them . 
  if a person has a set of beliefs or experiences the world in a certain way , this can only be because of the circumstances they arose in . 
  circumstances far greater than anyone or all of us . 
  this does n't mean i choose to helplessly accept everyone 's behaviour , but nor do i pronounce judgements as to why people behave the way they do ( even though these may arise in me . ), 
  rather i do my best to maintain boundaries and accept complex reality . 
  it stops being after midnight at sunrise , fyi . 
  it was [ new zealand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/women's_suffrage_in_new_zealand ) in 1893 . 
  i think a close watch of gremlins 2 would tell us . 
  if recollection is correct , i believe when you are hit by direct rays of the sun . 
  if you 're hidden from the sun , maybe neutrinos come into it . 
  many community mental health agencies , rape crisis clinics , etc , have been closed in recent years due to a lack of government funding . 
  the government has justified this by stating the services were `` topsy '' or `` hobby horses '' . 
  even services that remain , or non-traditional mental health providers ( like tertiary institutes ) have reduced services available to align with government priorities . 
  i think a portion will be this , however given how services have been reduced in recent years it seems more likely the majority are from the consequences of people not being able to access help earlier . 
  at the moment , you 're either well , or you need the police/an ambulance . 
  ( this is an exaggeration , but for many this is what it will feel like as they are unable to access the services that are available as they do n't meet whatever criteria is required for those services . ), 
  i think funding was moving in that direction until national was elected and re-elected . 
  far from all the services that had to close or reduce services in recent years went to the media about their struggles . 
   how many people are employed by those banks ? 
  tell us , how many ? 
  what proportion of revenue goes to employees ? 
   millions of dollars in profit, 
  i think you mean [ billions ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/industries/69620243/nzs-big-banks-continue-record-run-with-1-69b-three-month-profit ) . 
  what about a successful community ? 
  can a community be considered successful if there are those who apparently are n't worth enough to meaningfully participate in their community ? 
  i 'm not sure what goal posts you 're talking about , perhaps we 're having different discussions . 
  i 'm commenting in the context of op , the trickle down effect . 
  i have to live in my community , that 's why i consider more than what a person is worth to an employer . 
  because if there are people who are undervalued they tend to act in ways that are disruptive to the cohesion of our communities . 
  people do n't just want money ( even though many have resigned themselves to this being all they can hope for ) , we want to participate , contribute . 
  proportion of revenue matters because if the bulk of revenue goes away from the community into the hands of a few then the concept of trickle down is a grift . 
  i 'm not surprised you 're struggling to understand that : it 's not an argument i 've put forth . 
  just like i never said cleaners on minimum wages commit crimes . 
  people who do n't want to work shit jobs for shit pay but have only experienced a shit life so do n't have what they need to do any better . 
  well , they may not be so interested in participating in that world . 
  in the same sentiment , i hope you enjoy putting up with the bullshit flow on affects of crime in your community . 
  and paying for jails rather than education or healthcare . 
  i 'm sure i do n't have to convince you of a connection between the health and education of a community and the services provided within it . 
  i 'm not sure about a corrupt heart , that 's a judgement , but my mind is definitely limited . 
  what a nightmare of a justice system you have . 
  yeah , it 's * rugby * that the left has a problem with . 
  where are the published opinions about `` the left 's problem with child poverty '' , or `` the left 's problem with gambling addiction '' ? 
  so how does that work then ? 
  i would expect this kind of thing to increase as churches swell with the increasingly desperate . 
  well this seems to be a one-off and certainly not part of any trend . 
  but at least crime is down , eh !, 
  i think it 's growing common across the country . 
  [ auckland ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/crime/72870883/south-auckland-shopkeeper-tormented-by-teens ), 
  [ hawkes bay ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/hawkes-bay-today/news/article.cfm?c_id=1503462&amp;objectid=11535658 ), 
  wait , there are residents there ? 
  i thought it was the labour hire offices/escorts there ? 
  dinosaurs are [ powerful ] ( http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.co.nz/2013/10/menace.html ) . 
  who would n't want to be one ? 
  i 'd love to work in public health , but to my regret i 'm not a hero . 
  which is pretty much what you need to work in public health right now . 
  either that or be really masochistic or sadistic , because pain will be your every day . 
  yeah , as long as it 's clear the mistake was n't the incorrect pricing , but rather leaving it in that state for so long . 
  test your online shit as a matter of habit , or risk having to face this kind of drama or worse . 
  it should be a no-brainer , but it seems like an easy corner to cut . 
  you have to expect human nature out of the general public . 
  if you have online functionality , you need to plan for mistakes and have processes in place to avoid this kind of drama . 
  nah mate , there are good people like you and me , and those in charge . 
  and bad people that are the cause of all the world 's problems . 
  i use rdfg instead of wasd for my movement keys and i have the same problem . 
  i think aesthetics do matter , but i think this needs to be balanced with the fact that what 's atheistically pleasing is subjective , and more so than we tend to think . 
  and also how our perception of what is attractive is greatly influenced by non-physical attributes and factors that exist outside of awareness . 
  john key and his government have directly contributed to rape in nz by letting a number of rape crisis clinics fail or reduce their services because of inadequate funding . 
  these clinics are n't simply a place for victims to get a hug and a cup of tea . 
  these are places where people can find the resources they need to to ensure their rapists are bought to justice . 
  instead , many victims are left feeling like the problem , perhaps even they deserved what happened . 
  and rapists get to keep on raping knowing that no one gives a fuck . 
  look at those little feet . 
  if it 's genuine fair use , why not ? 
  i think comcom would have something to say if it was n't genuine fair use . 
  would they survive the experience ? 
  i think the next great leap in rpg games is the ai . 
  it requires a significant jump in technology though , so i do n't expect to see it in the short-medium term . 
  it sounds like it will be a repeat job ( due to new gum . ), 
  they may be charging $ 4k per clean , with subsequent jobs being more straightforward . 
  tourism typically does n't generate a lot of revenue per employee . 
  i do n't think feminism is what most people say it is . 
  the focus in popular discussion appears to be around issues of gender . 
  my understanding is feminism is largely about issues of power and vulnerability . 
  few are particularly eager to listen to the needs of children . 
  just take how long it took academics to convince governments that children need specialised hospitals rather than being treated like adults in adult hospitals . 
  more or less . 
  it 's hard to tell what the future holds , more so than ever . 
  i wonder if the current paradigm of home and property ownership can exist forever . 
  is that the new ( ish ) hd release ? 
  linear algebra is damn wizardry imo . 
  i love it . 
  freaking guass , what a legend . 
  ah yes , the brain worms . 
  huh , so it is . 
  hahah , thanks . 
  it is my cake day today , that means i am the best one .
