  wow , that all sounds surprisingly reasonable . 
  it 's too late for that . 
  when the us military top brass put together a plan for afghanistan and iraq the last time they were there , the emergence of something like isis was the predicted outcome of withdrawing too many troops too soon . 
  politics prevailed and the troops were pulled out too soon , and here we are . 
  are you dismayed to realise you have brought to attention something everyone had forgotten about ? 
  i think it 's true for heaven too . 
  at least for me once i learnt to let go of trying to figure out good and evil , what i should do and what i should n't . 
  rather i accept the universe and myself and i find it . 
  life becomes full of colour `` i enjoyed that/that distressed me '' rather than `` that was good/bad '' . 
  hell is when i ca n't accept what is . 
  when i put my self in opposition to reality . 
  there 's storm water run off , but no sewage . 
  there 's this little helicopter that regularly visits at least weekly that samples the water quality along all those beaches . 
  if sewage was in the water signs would be posted . 
  it 's quite something to see , this helicopter flying right up to the beach , dropping to just a meter or so above the water and lowering the sampling equipment . 
  then it flies off to the next beach . 
  she do n't need it answered cause she already knows . 
  i seen it . 
  with my very eyes . 
   fyi our tax evasion punishments are more severe than what some people get for murder so i 'd be careful if that was the case . 
  but are n't they rarely implemented ? 
  [ david petraeus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_petraeus ) had some good ideas that were bearing fruit . 
  for awhile al jarzeera had all these news stories about the successes of women in the likes of afghanistan . 
  then world politics and the us government undercut his budget and pulled troops out far earlier than he advised , to the consequences he advised of : the collapse of rule of law and the emergence of a group like isis . 
  i think he 's a muppet . 
  drunken hoons are people too . 
  i would n't expect them to successfully run for public office . 
  national is screwing us and labour is letting them . 
  this is a bit dated now , perhaps national has stepped up their game ? 
   she said the inland revenue department estimate tax fraud `` discrepancies '' amount to more than $ 1.2 billion a year , while annual tax fraud is estimated at $ 141 million . 
   in comparison , the government estimates welfare fraud costs between $ 20million-40 million a year . 
  that reminds me of the seats that get `` donated '' with some local 's name put on them . 
  immortalised for being lucky enough to live in such a beautiful area . 
  such achievement . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean when you say `` from this '' ? 
  if you asked the question without that last bit , my answer would be that i can observe us getting screwed by national 's policies ( the state of our community health services are an easy example to point to - just search the news for articles about rape crisis services over the last 6 years . 
  also search for stories about the high level of sex abuse in nz and also do a bit of research on the long term implications of untreated sexual trauma [ hint : it leads to , among other things , further sexual trauma ] ) . 
  and it 's the opposition 's job to ensure the government is responsible with its policies . 
  haha , it looks like the guy in the background noped out of there when he put the food in his mouth . 
  i thought something was about to happen . 
  so what 's next ? 
  hasted ? 
   breaking news : unconfirmed reports suggest members of parliament are people . 
  this seems to suggest that we can excuse behaviour when the behaviour is not unique to the individual . 
  however we would n't excuse a mp for being a drunken hoon , despite us easily being able to find examples of people being drunken hoons . 
  you think i 'm off track ? 
  i think you 're making more from my post than is really there . 
   you might as well not be human if you 're average . 
  i agree . 
  why would you settle for being average ? 
  being human is an exceptional thing , celebrate that . 
  i 'm certainly not interested in anyone who is acutely aware of ( and thus projects ) their averageness . 
  do you know much about the crowd organising the march ? 
  this is tragic considering how cheap food is , how rich nz is , and the life-long impact of poor child development . 
  both poor physical nutrition and the experience of growing up without having basic needs met leaves the child with limited capacity to live as a thriving adult . 
  it 's not just the individual children who are impacted , there are ongoing flow-on effects in the community . 
  food is exceedingly cheap . 
  it 's a tiny fraction of the cost it used to be , 95 % of people used to be farmers , now it 's 5 % . 
  it 's our economic system that accounts for the price of food , not the cost of production . 
  food production accounts for a tiny proportion of our labour . 
  this is what i mean by food is cheap . 
  i appreciate that purchasing food is expensive , which my understanding is due to our economic system . 
  can you appreciate my point or offer some insight as to why i have none ? 
  yes , it was a challenging point to communicate i suppose . 
  i guess i was trying to point out it 's our system that keeps some people rich and others starving that is the problem here . 
  it boggles the mind the effort we will take to ensure media companies are able to make as much money as they can , compared to the effort we put into in ensuring everyone can eat . 
   the xenomorphs are death . 
  everyone who encounters them dies . 
  except that was n't true in alien or aliens . 
  in the first ripley survived , in the second ripley , hicks and newt survived . 
  it was the humans that survived . 
  not the alien . 
  and then alien 3 comes along and turns the whole thing on its head . 
  i think there was plenty of interesting material to keep the series fresh without undoing the work of the previous films . 
  although it sounds like weaver may have made that difficult with her requirements for being involved with the film . 
  i thought people went to / r/highqualitygifs to enjoy gifs ? 
  this one hurts my eyes . 
  i imagine things were n't much different under labour . 
  although maybe it was n't so galling as employment was low and wages were good at the time . 
  maybe ? 
  what would take real guts is nz standing up to other western powers , standing up for the vulnerable countries we 've been happy to stomp around in then dash out again as soon as the political winds change . 
  it would take guts to stand up and say our economic interests are not justification for imposing our will on the rest of the world . 
  we ca n't look after the vulnerable in our own communities . 
  so i guess it would take real guts to be honest and say we want what we want and we 'll take what we can as long as you ca n't stop us . 
  you evil terrorists you . 
   right to work state ftl . 
  you live in a very grim place . 
  what are the consequences of the various parties winning the seat ? 
  would it shift the balance of power in any way ? 
  i do n't see what you 're referring to . 
  here 's where i find our national headlines :, 
  http://www.radionz.co.nz/news , 
  i still prefer the [ death metal rooster ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a43joxla5mm ) any how . 
  damn , he 's looking handsome in those pics . 
  lack of care more like it . 
  they 're used to using their position of authority with impunity . 
  i expect next time they 'll be careful ... not to get caught . 
  struck me as an odd place to photograph a cake too . 
  with footwear in shot . 
  food and feet do not mix !,
