  it would n't work though due to entropy . 
  what is this ? 
  some kind of knowledge economy ? 
  certainly in places like , america , china and russia where exploiting the vulnerable is an acceptable practice . 
  anyone after ad free 24 hour classical music programming i recommend [ radionz concert ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/concert ) . 
  it 's paid for by [ nz on air ] ( http://www.nzonair.govt.nz/ ) , so there are no funding drives either !, 
  live stream is [ here ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/audio/live/concert.asx ) . 
  thank goodness for the japanese eh ? 
  love my '95 mitsi galant . 
  had to sink some money into long term maintenance , but far less that the cost of a new or ever later model car . 
  i love it when the internet provides what i did n't even know i needed . 
  thanks !, 
  i love meme recursion . 
  fool !, 
  lolz , that 's awesome . 
  computer configs are somewhat fingerprint-ish . 
  these are the times of big data , so much is already collected about you and connected to you . 
  the less fingerprints you are leaking , the better imo . 
  does a conviction against a black man in the us typically say anything about that person 's guilt or innocence though ? 
  all evidence i 've seen shows the us justice system is hopelessly biased against black men . 
  it depends on the data collected , and how it can be compared to other data collected in different circumstances . 
  you 're naive . 
  it seems you do n't appreciate the power of meta data and how it can be used to identify you in the right context . 
  you do n't need uniquely identifying information when you have everyone 's data to compare against . 
  any information you are leaking is contributing to a picture being put together about you by unknown entities , with unknown intentions . 
  it seems a bad idea to give them anything you do n't have to . 
  100 years ago today new zealand defeated the germans . 
  ( in samoa without a firefight . ), 
  as seen on this [ hundred year old newspaper ] ( http://imgur.com/a/g42t4 ) courtesy of / r/100yearsago, 
  it 's only in lay-feminism that men and women are considered the same . 
  contemporary feminists from a social science background probably understand things differently . 
  it 's more about the power each of us have ( regardless of gender or any other attributes ) and how we use it , particularly in relation to vulnerability . 
  you seem to be thinking only you and oculus will be seeing the data . 
  i 'm considering everyone else who will be seeing everything that gets transmitted over my internet connection and how all this information will be used to profile me . 
  the specs of my machine are gathered , perhaps my browser and its config . 
  this means next time that same data is seen in a different circumstance , i could be categorised as potentially being the same person in both circumstances , making connections that i would rather not be made , either because the connection is inaccurate or because the connection is personal and private . 
  are you unaware of the [ five eyes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes ) network and how it harvests web traffic and meta data for spying ? 
  poor . 
  we 're getting poor . 
  in 1987 the average kiwi had more cash to spend . 
  i still do n't really get morality as a scientific concept . 
  or the connection to religion . 
  some beliefs reject morality as a concept altogether , the concepts of `` good '' and `` evil '' considered to be ultimately detrimental to human spirituality . 
  seems like you 're not reading my posts :, 
   unknown entities , with unknown intentions, 
  or palmer 's for that matter :, 
   because no company should be collecting personal data without very secure infrastructure in place to do so . 
  this is something we are working on . 
  yeah , our history is pretty grubby , our present is n't much better . 
  you could n't type out what 's written on each perchance ? 
  it would be challenging even if they were horizontal . 
  this makes sense . 
  journalism is promoting bias for cash , right ? 
  you do n't crack rsa encryption , you crack the implementation . 
  and it 's not just transmission , it 's storage and internal security . 
  palmer basically said it 's a non-trivial task they have n't gotten around to yet . 
  it sounds like a non-trivial task that oculus has n't gotten around to . 
  or they 've gotten around to it and palmer is lying , i do n't know . 
  lolz , what nonsense . 
  it would cost my company half a million dollars a year to have the secure infrastructure in place to allow us to accept credit card payments . 
  you seem to only understand encryption in a vacuum , not in the real world . 
  this says more about the state of journalism than anything . 
  governing and controlling are n't the same thing mr kerry . 
  do your best to participate in local politics so as to improve your employment laws ? 
  sorry i ca n't offer anything more helpful than that . 
  is n't that when you have babies ? 
   we 're pretty much like animals, 
  we 're exactly like animals , given that 's what we are . 
  you 're a very lucky cat . 
  please treat your human better than its previous owners . 
  thanks for that . 
  i wish my flatmate had approached the era while they were still employed instead of just quitting . 
  i think now they 've quit their options are much more limited . 
  i was thinking the cab , but was n't sure about the `` citizen '' bit . 
  i think this will be the best starting point . 
  thanks , i 've let them know . 
  hopefully they can manage themselves , i figure if we 're inviting people over to work we 're also provided services to support them . 
  i 'll go along with them if they still struggle i guess . 
  i wonder what the guy filling the tank noticed that caused his to react before the tank exploded ? 
  i 've been shaving in the shower for so long now , that the other day when i shaved in the sink i found being able to hear the razor scraping against my bristles off-putting . 
  like at any moment i 've about to fuck up and slice my face off . 
  not until death - which our birthdays are a timely reminded of . 
  `` only those who are born are the ones that get to die . '', 
  ouch . 
  do n't have a doc who will do that for you ? 
  ah yes , i tend to somatise intense emotions also . 
  i imagine being raised by parents who were n't exposed to lead ( via vehicle emissions ) is a factor in this . 
  having parents who are a little bit more violent than they might otherwise be would drive a kid to drugs . 
  i put this down largely to two things : 1 ) less lead in the atmosphere . 
  2 ) an improved understanding of human development and functioning , mental and emotional health . 
  yeah , that 's an interesting one too . 
  it would n't surprise me if it was in the top five factors . 
  there are so many complex interactions though , it 's hard to truly be sure without a smoking gun , like the impact of lead poisoning . 
  great book !, 
  must be taken with a grain of salt , the findings are n't without critique , but still very compelling . 
  there are numerous studies , some which are linked in this thread , demonstrating how leaded gasoline resulted in increased lead in our bloodstream , with lead being found to cause poor cognition and aggression in adults . 
  hence why lead is no longer found in gasoline . 
  it 's based on contemporary science , studies which can be found posted in this thread . 
  it 's lead from gasoline , which is why gasoline is now unleaded . 
  that would makes sense if the findings were limited to parts of the us , but they can be found the world over ( where leaded gasoline was used . ),
