  that 's not the point , the idea of gods exists . 
  which is why i 'm mocking you for speaking as if you hold the authority of these imagined gods . 
  because that 's the extent of your authority : imaginary . 
  how do you account for your bias ? 
  or do you place yourself in a position of authority where you are above bias and are some kind of infallible being ? 
  that 's what it sounds like . 
   i evaluate their claims based on rationality and logic . 
  your logic is circular . 
  you know your findings are true because you think your findings are true . 
  your findings do n't stand up to scrutiny or review . 
  of course , if your epistemology is to believe whatever you like , then you are on solid ground . 
   ah look the dishonest person is putting words in my mouth again . 
  i 'm not putting words in your mouth . 
  i 'm saying this is what you are doing if you think you can decree what the world 's religious beliefs are . 
   come to think of it logic does n't matter to you because you do n't accept rationality . 
  what was that about putting words into your mouth ? 
  you seem quite adept at it . 
   i am not decreeing anything . 
  i am letting them decree what their religion is and accepting their description at face value . 
  this whole argument has been because you claim to know the beliefs of all christian religions . 
  you claim you have polled thousands to discover this and have used rationalism and logic to assure yourself that you are accurate in your findings . 
  that 's correct is n't it ? 
  this is despite you not being able to accurately state the world 's largest christian traditions . 
  why do you think that scientists use peer review ? 
  how come they do n't just trust rationalism and logic like you do . 
  are you special ? 
  it 's amazing how that behaviour can be coded into genetics . 
  crickey . 
  my guesses ( worked in it for 15 years , know what those acronyms mean in practical terms ) :, 
  * domain name service, 
  i was close . 
  i 'm sure `` collision '' is used in the name of some layer of modern networking , right ? 
   you said you do n't care about rationality and are willing to believe in irrational things . 
  again putting words in my mouth . 
  you keep using words like `` do n't care about '' and `` reject '' . 
  the words i specifically used were `` do n't feel bound by '' and `` find useful '' . 
  you are * literally * putting words in my mouth . 
   they all believe in christ as the redeemer and salvation though belief in the resurrection of christ . 
   nobody disputes this . 
  you mean nobody you 've met . 
  some christians might believe that this is what is written in the bible . 
  they 'd be fairly accurate in that belief . 
  and salvation and resurrection can be considered in complex , non-obvious ways . 
  people experience reality in very different ways and so can frame things , particularly abstract concepts like god , in very different ways . 
   because it 's rational , something you reject . 
  so we agree that scientists use peer review because it is a rational and logical approach . 
  would you not agree that any beliefs in the absence of robust peer reviewed scientific study are irrational ? 
  certainly it would n't make sense to accept what you say about religious beliefs just on your say-so , would it ? 
  it would be logical to hear diverse voices on the matter , as you surely see things a certain way , but others would see things differently . 
  and in science we 're always trying to get a different view on things , so they can be better understood . 
  hmm ? 
   you have stated that scientists do n't trust rationality . 
  you 'll need to quote that statement . 
  it 's impossible to have a discussion with someone if they are reading something different than what 's being written . 
   yes you would lose skin if those touched you . 
  probably more than just skin too . 
  so a laser gun then ? 
  sorry you have n't had much luck finding work . 
  i 'm glad you 're enjoying your time . 
  make sure you head down to kohimarama beach for a coffee sometime . 
  i would have tried the `` okay , let 's call the police to sort this out . '', 
  it 's quite possible they 're known to police and would quickly scamper . 
  there are plenty of houses for sale in the region . 
  you can get a dinky little unit close to the beach for ~ $ 1m . 
  well overpriced of course , i think they 're only worth about $ 400k . 
  the cafe you want is on the corner of tamaki drive and averill ave. 
  it 's lost on me ... 
  it is a very nice area . 
  i rent for around that much on speight road , but it 's a run down unit owned by inattentive landlords . 
  you 'll probably find similar within that price range , as well as better places for 2-3 times the price . 
  i got my roll . 
  gave everyone in the office a gift of $ 0.50 . 
  hey , maybe the service will get more funding ? 
  hahah , i 'm joking of course . 
  haha ... ha ... ... * sobbing *, 
  my general rule is to not date anyone with bigger biceps than me . 
  but in this case ... 
  i think i 'd find myself conflicted . 
  and to all those not in active military : do n't get involved with the military . 
  when it is considered in the absence of other considerations of child well-being . 
  making children undertake a painful regime of exercise can leave a child traumatised if they do n't understand the value of what they 're doing and they are experiencing other pressing unmet needs . 
  it could be just another demand adults are placing on them , adults perhaps being these all-powerful indifferent monsters as far as the child knows . 
   where did you get the idea of exercise being painful ? 
  for kids , just playing is exercise . 
  kids have diverse experiences . 
  that i can observe some children enjoying exercise does not mean all do . 
  indeed , it 's not that hard to find kids who do n't like exercise . 
   and you can also explain to the child what is happening and why . 
  you do n't not give a 6 year old chemo because they will find it upsetting . 
  that takes significant resources , particularly if the child is living in an unhealthy environment . 
  there is a difference between telling a child , and communicating in a way they will understand . 
  compare funding and support for cancer care with funding for child services ( and consider the volume of cancer sufferers with the volume of children in need . ), 
  indeed . 
  a question was asked , i answered it . 
  life * was * simple . 
  but it 's getting more sophisticated . 
  this is entropy . 
  the universe is moving from a simple , ordered state to a sophisticated , chaotic state . 
  and so do we . 
  that 's a nice story .
