  geez , i hope the hotel had to pay for their prudishness . 
  i ca n't see anything temporary about it . 
  youtube comments are broke , a better comment system exists so use that instead . 
  problem solved . 
  / r/oddlyterrifying, 
  i guess that 's a different issue . 
  my answer to addressing the vitriolic and general anti-social behaviour on youtube would be to end child poverty , neglect and abuse . 
  i 'd prefer see the hate if that 's what exists rather than find out how to sanitise my community experiences . 
  kid knows what 's up . 
  if we have to do the unpleasant thing , then get on with it dammit !, 
  is it just me or are people/creatures bouncing off walls so hot right now ? 
  shatner 's still hitting his peak . 
  hey , i have real pity for anyone who thinks acting up in such a fucked up way is the best option they have available to them . 
  no matter who shocking or disgusting an act , i 'm still not willing to attribute the behaviour to the supernatural , this person will be an evolved organism just like every living thing we 've encountered so far . 
  i always played allies . 
  i figured it was hard mode . 
  generally speaking , therapist shopping can be completely appropriate . 
  a `` good match '' is one of the most significant factors of successful outcomes in therapy . 
  it sounds like you need both couples and individual therapy . 
  a good couple therapist wo n't work for you or your wife , but rather the relationship . 
  a good personal therapist will work for you , but hopefully not side with you against your wife - simply because they do n't know the person . 
  i suspect the issue with the new therapist is not the core issue here . 
  i 'll leave it to you . 
  we do n't know that . 
  we know this person 's response to his wife 's use of an unknown therapist . 
  i ca n't offer you any advice beyond seeing an ideally registered professional who can take full stock of your situation from a much more intimate perspective than the internet . 
  your wife has agency , can talk to who she likes , can ask you what she likes . 
  you also have agency and can respond as you like . 
  lived through serious times !, 
  what do you even do with your day after fucking up that badly ? 
  ( referring to your customer . ), 
  damn fool , that 's supposed to be followed by something like `` and yet here i am with someone gorgeous like you . '', 
  how can you be suspended without pay for 18 months ? 
  is it because it was a part-time or casual job ? 
  i think ritchies will be in for an expensive surprise if they challenge the ruling , it will be interesting to see though . 
  is that gap real ? 
  either way , well done !, 
  lolz , i think that defines tragicomic . 
  how did it actually die ? 
  just trapped or something ? 
  poor thing , probably thought it was set , just about to find some mate to show off its stash to , but instead of some hot mate all they got was death . 
  is it possible you 've met lots of religious people who you found to be decent enough people but you never discovered they were religious . 
  like any number of statistics coming out of the government at the moment . 
  there was an article a few years back , i wish i could find it . 
  some independent statistician had her position removed or something , with the government now relying on their own stats . 
  they commented on statistics would lose their quality and relevance if they were not gathered and analysed independant of stakeholders . 
  there are all kinds of people . 
  i 'm sure it 's not difficult to see how one loud arrogant asshole can drown out a hundred quiet charitable people . 
  the wbc 's goings ons get rebroadcast a thousand times more than some anonymous group offering their local community support and compassion where they can afford it . 
  ultimately we find what we look for . 
  pop culture generates all sorts of these relatively meaningless artifacts which then have meaning dumped into them . 
  i have n't seen articles about it , but i 'm seeing a lot of references to it , which is what lead me here . 
  that certainly fits with my personal `` everyone is doing the best they can with the resources available to them '' approach to morality . 
  saw some korean navy personnel doing exercises in mission bay on the way to work this morning , thought that was pretty interesting . 
  been seeing groups of them walking about the auckland cbd too . 
  nate diaz is the answer to that . 
  well when dealing with limited resources this is n't a terrible approach :, 
   ministry of social development officials have suggested that the government give less money to poor families with older children and instead give more to those with young children . 
  ages 0-5 are hugely formative for a person . 
  positive experiences and an absence of significant trauma during this period sets a person up for life . 
  managing the consequences of trauma and neglect during this period is hugely expensive . 
  it 's just that resources are n't * that * limited . 
  it 's more that the current narrative is those with money deserve it and also if those people were to have less money society would collapse or something . 
  unless of course the people today benefit from an inheritance ( not just money , but a stable resourced family is a great inheritance many lack ) that finds its roots in slavery . 
  the might not have owned slaves , but they participated and benefited from an economy directly dependent on slavery . 
  if it was n't for access to ultra-cheap labour , many families would simply have not been able to thrive . 
  it does n't change anything . 
  it 's a reality that you can choose to accept or ignore . 
  i did n't condemn anyone or anything . 
  yeah , a lot more work to be done with ai in this regard . 
  i think it 's generally a neglected element of gaming in general . 
  if ai had progressed at the same rate as graphics , we could have amazing , if not scary game ai . 
  hmm ? 
  do they also store bees , bacteria and various other interdependent organisms ? 
  or would it be possible to manually reproduce these effects ( by collecting/distributing pollen ourselves ) ? 
  there 's a kebab place i think across from the civic that does a decent lamb or chicken on rice for $ 5.50 . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was due to a lack of capital gains tax . 
  i 'm glad things are getting sorted out for you , from a fellow kiwi . 
  i saw the original post and it sounds like the whole incident was about a minute away from being national news . 
  i am a bit surprised to hear you 're from nz after what you said about the day care 's shut down procedure . 
  top job them . 
  very well looped too . 
  sentience ? 
  that 's so cool !, 
  wait , this is n't a photoshop of galifianakis ' head on cooper 's body ? 
  i 've got a '95 misti galant ( vx-r ) . 
  i just felt like sharing that . 
  i do n't think emulating our brains is the only path to sentience . 
  certainly larger and more powerful learning machines seem like a step in that direction . 
  particular when that power is put to developing even larger and more powerful learning machines . 
  it 's easier to find new work when you 're already working . 
  an employed person is less likely to be desperate for any work available , rather they 're likely to be specifically interested in the role being advertised . 
  increasing wages for people working for profitable employers is welfare ? 
  our businesses are profitable . 
  there are any number of stats that show wealth increasing amongst those controlling capital . 
  plenty of laws in place to ensure businesses remain that way . 
  where are the laws that ensure people are n't born into poverty ? 
  are you suggesting that because not every business is successful that poverty is acceptable ? 
  there is nothing forcing anyone to grind out an unviable business .
