  at least when you compare admissions to rape crisis centers with convictions for sex abuse . 
  i love that kind of reaction from a cat `` woah woah woah !, 
  what 's going on here ?! '', 
  i love this scene because it 's so true . 
  there are lots of things to be really angry about in our lives and the world . 
  you still got to get on with shit though , once you find a way to be angry without it getting you , life just gets so much easier . 
  the wiki is no help ... 
  thanks . 
  do you know where in the wiki the button refers to ? 
  i 'm not even sure of the wiki being referred to !, 
  i can be a bit dense sometimes though ... 
  hahah , it 's a bit of a troll then really . 
  thanks for your help . 
  i think that 's an * actual * aggressive pussy . 
  ca n't be that surprising really . 
  i suspect that meetup group is your best bet if you want to be the first to know when someone does . 
  remove the word `` just '' from that sentence and you will be getting somewhere . 
  you 've shown us what you got out . 
  what are you going to put in it ? 
  truly , men ( and women ) have become gods . 
  there 's a chance for every user with a  1 year account while reading a comment that the comment will reference their username , that they will reply to the comment , and that you will see both the comment and reply . 
  that combined with the volume and posters/readers and comments , and an effective filtering system with the heavy bias for this kind of quirk and voil\u00e0 . 
  jack donaghy works too . 
  it 's probably reddit 's vote fudging , not actual downvotes . 
  total votes will be correct . 
  weird al is great . 
  i miss my weird al hair do . 
  good things take time . 
  do n't have the time , but it sounds fun . 
  good luck !, 
  `` the problems in my life are to do with the things i do n't like in yours . '', 
  see the contrast between all three people ? 
  some people find that funny in a touching kind of way . 
  random story ; when i was a kid we had some of this stuff and prior to me and my step brother reading the bottle we were arguing about whether it was a chutney or a sauce ( cause kids got ta find something to fight about right ?! ), 
  my brother gets the bottle and says `` read it and weep '' . 
  i just laughed when i read `` chutney sauce '' . 
  i choose heinz for ketchup . 
  yeah , not sure how i ended up first trying this , but no doubt it 's the business . 
  unless you 're a cyclist , then it 's blood red . 
  any place selling [ allpress ] ( http://nz.allpressespresso.com/ ) will sort you out , they make sure they train their baristas . 
  or altezano . 
  it 's expensive , but it 's good . 
  also , everything in nz is expensive because we 're rich ( but most of us have n't seen world so we do n't know it . ), 
  you are always solving problems 24/7 . 
  you wo n't be aware of these problems being solved . 
  and if you stop solving these problems you will no longer be aware . 
  today you learn that `` france surrenders '' is an ancient internet meme . 
  so which is it then ? 
  are people still making france surrender jokes because it 's an old mimicked theme ? 
  or is it because of poor american education ? 
  that * might * be true , but memes do n't get repeated because of their origins . 
  memes get repeated cause they 're memes . 
  i mean , i ai n't even american . 
  alternative headline : `` almost one-third of obamacare exchange enrollees were previously uninsured '', 
  i think capybara is my favourite animal ... but i do n't know how to say its name . 
  ole merriam-webster for the win . 
  thanks !, 
  a duck cooked crispy delicious !, 
  scruffy 's on break . 
  that would certainly be true if i was your nephew and it was 20 years ago . 
  true story :, 
  uncle : `` why did you burn that ? '', 
  me : `` i like burning things . '', 
  uncle : `` fair enough . '', 
  my first experience of a reasonable adult . 
  sounds like rich kids will be assured a good education in nz . 
  that 's true , but i can consider a number of scenarios where the ole slow cooker is the best option available ( some of my poor yet creative student friends come to mind . ), 
  i hope so . 
  despite current polls i expect national will be re-elected . 
  i would like another glance to be honest . 
  ideally with these `` pot '' heads in some sort of formation . 
  cause he 's boss . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  it tells us virtue does not exist within a person . 
  it exists between people . 
  my hypothesis is as people are lifted out of poverty , the rich get richer also ( due to an increased pool of productive people . ), 
  power being what it is as the rich get richer they 're inclined to stay rich and direct some of their increased wealth to establishing systems that keep money in their pockets . 
  this begins to degrade the gains made which causes all kinds of disruptions , because even the poor have some power , and we swing back to working to lift people out of poverty . 
  all in all , we are much richer and there are far fewer people in poverty than there have ever been . 
  2013 recorded the least children deaths ever , this with population being the largest its ever with . 
   it 's not like buildings and computers and shit are just laying around , put there by nature , and the capitalists just claimed them . 
  no , the way capitalists got their capital is much more grim . 
  yeah , it was real hard work for the spanish to send those kids to that silver mine in boliva , where conditions were so horrendous parents would maim their children so they were n't forced to work there . 
  it was real hard work ordering those slaves from african and putting them to work on cotton plantations . 
  and so on . 
  the origins of capital are a kind of hard work and risk , you 're right . 
  but not the kind of `` i 'm off to work a job and save some money , then i 'll take a chance and invest in this company '' kind of work and risk . 
  there are plenty of contemporary capitalists like this , but the capital that gave them the opportunity to work in the first place has its origins largely in grim history . 
  yeah , we 're all capitalists . 
  capitalism is n't a voluntary system . 
  i suggest you consider how our forefathers ( i 'm not from the us if you are , but if you 're in the five-eyes we all have similar origins ) acquired their wealth . 
  you know , when slavery and decimating local populations was still an okay thing . 
  once we decided those were n't acceptable things any more , it was n't expected all wealth acquired through these means had to be given away . 
  i 'm glad you do n't consider it a criticism of capitalism , because i was n't offering one . 
  i was refuting the idea that having capital meant that it was earned by just means . 
  your post i originally responded to seems to suggest that if one has capital , it is honestly earned . 
  this is not the case , and the further you look back in history the less likely this is the case . 
  if a wealthy family acquired their wealth through dishonest means , and i do work for that family , can i really say my work is honest ? 
  the vast majority of capital owners in the world certainly do own their wealth legitimately according to contemporary laws . 
  however the origins of that capital , the money that was used to make money , was acquired largely through dishonest , duplicitous and often down right horrific means .
