  you 're saying '' [ intention ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/intention ) '' causes the unfair treatment . 
  the dictionary says '' [ sex ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sex ) '' causes the unfair treatment . 
  if my bookshelf falls because of an earthquake , this is not the earthquake 's aim or purpose . 
  reinvent the meaning of words all you want , you 're wrong . 
  earthquakes ca n't make conscious decisions . 
  anyone of sound mind would know that whatever the outcome of an earthquake , it would be unintentional . 
  if only women got killed due to an earthquake , anyone of sound mind would know this was coincidence . 
  that actually , if men were in the place of those women , those men would have been killed . 
  those women would still be killed because of the earthquake . 
  using the word because is appropriate as the word because does not imply intention . 
  sexism is unfair treatment because of sex . 
  this is exactly what the definition says . 
  you said we could rely on the definition . 
  what has proving anything got to do with definition ? 
  if the treatment a person receives changes based on only their sex , this is sexism . 
  this is the very definition of sexism . 
   your structure : woman is killed because of earthquake . 
  this has nothing to do with sexism and everything to do with the earthquake . 
   actual structure : earthquake kills woman because she is a woman . 
  you 've not said anything here . 
  your words are without sense or meaning . 
  i think i broke / u/gareth321 :, 
  it 's neither personal nor a vendetta . 
  it 's an exercise of mental gymnastics . 
  looks like gareth sprained something . 
  but i get your point i suppose . 
  i just wanted to expose the depths of the madness to the light of day ... or at least the evening discussion thread . 
  i 'm sure ego plays a role , i am human after all . 
  i think arguing on the internet is one of the more benign ways of indulging one 's douchey attributes . 
  if we 're defining sexism :, 
   someone shoots a man because they are a man, 
  this is correct . 
   and they hate men, 
  this is wrong . 
  there is no and in the definition of sexism . 
  i guess they 're suggesting that their grievance wo n't be effectively heard , valid or not . 
  we do n't have a definition of sexism . 
  you said the dictionary definition is good but then tacked on your own beliefs to that definition . 
  if inequality exists between sexes , by the dictionary definition this is sexism . 
  no you do n't . 
  you add intent , which is beyond the definition . 
  `` because '' does not imply intent , despite your assertions . 
  that 's simply ridiculous . 
  inequality is unfair treatment . 
  if someone experiences inequality because of their sex , this as sexism as per the definition :, 
   unfair treatment of people because of their sex, 
  so can we go back to the regional trade agreement it originally was before the us got on board ? 
  nope , that 's nonsense . 
  you 're making shit up . 
   the definition is the definition . 
  ironic , given for your beliefs to stand you need to warp both the definitions of sexism and because . 
  me , i get to stick with the words as they are used in every day language . 
  no special meanings required . 
  no convoluted explanations . 
  just the standard understanding . 
  i mean `` because '' means intent . 
  it 's laughable . 
  absurd . 
   `` the tree fell because the wind blew it down . '', 
   '' aw , why the wind wan na do that for ?! '', 
  my reaction was to wonder if it 's really that unsafe ? 
  i guess if the guy below is n't wearing a helmet , in case of dropped tools ? 
  cool shot anyway . 
  would they do it like this anywhere in the west ? 
  what you say is n't what 's typically understood . 
  you 're making stuff up . 
  only in the dim depths of the internet can you make your arguments . 
  my first point was we would need to quibble over definition , given your controversial claim . 
  and here we are . 
  there 's no agreement between us . 
  whoever is indulging in ad hominem has the weaker argument . 
  i can say the same to you . 
  we can only go back and forth , saying the same thing . 
  we wo n't get anywhere . 
  everyone can dance . 
  not everyone can or is willing to dance in a way that 's attractive or aesthetically pleasing . 
  indeed , no reason to expect a singer/song writer to be a dancer . 
  they are related but certainly not the same . 
  but the collapse of nz 's mental health system is nothing to be concerned about . 
  a billion dollars on prisons will solve this . 
  thanks / r/kenm . 
  awareness of mental health conditions along with accessibility of reliable services are both things good mental and community health ecosystems provide . 
  also the absence of these services paired with various other increased pressures on the vulnerable increases the emergence of such conditions . 
  the dramatic jump in mental health call outs the police are faced with will be partly due to people being unable to access appropriate services before they break and partly due to an increased occurrence of such problems in the first place . 
  direct cause-effect relationships are impossible to identify , but the relationship between the health of a community and care for its vulnerable is well understood . 
  indirect cause-effect relationships are well understood . 
  this specific kind of occurrence , a person being killed due to a mentally unwell person , is the expected outcome of allowing these services to fail . 
  we will see more of these occurrences , in increasing volume . 
  just as the police are being called out more and more to deal with mentally unwell people . 
  the scenario where a person gets locked away for their bad behaviour requires someone to be a victim of the bad behaviour in the first place . 
  the scenario where people in need can be identified and cared for does not . 
  it does n't take a billion dollars either . 
  we can only say the police let him get away if we 're sure they had the right and resources to detain him . 
  we 're not sure he would have been assessed by psychiatrists . 
  they 're a limited resource and an expensive one . 
  there will be some threshold that determines who does and does n't get seen by a psychiatrist . 
  it is indeed a failure of our mental health system when people suffering serious mental illness are left undiagnosed . 
  these are the consequences . 
  with involvement from his community . 
  mental and community health services are ecosystems that among other things bring to awareness the existence and nature of mental health issues , and the help that 's available .
