  i did n't really expect anyone to get my obscure reference . 
  my writing is kind of like that spinning figure i 'm afraid . 
  you need to ask a robopsychologist , not a programmer . 
  such a system would be arbitrary . 
  `` harm '' requires an agent , and what 's harmful depends on that agent 's interests . 
  so whose ethics and morality would you imbue an ai with ? 
  have you read much of asimov ? 
  his stories reveal what a complex affair the whole `` three laws '' business is . 
  ai is likely to emerge from incremental improvements . 
  like one day you 're sending voice commands to google , the next you 're making conversational requests of an ai , the next you have an ai involved in you and your interests with cognitive and intellectual capacity deeper than you in every way , but lacking the agency you have . 
  for example . 
  what actually eventuates is to be discovered . 
  we do n't know if any agency that emerges from such ai will be anything like the agency we experience . 
  our agency sits upon billions of years of organic evolution , an ai sits upon an understanding of physics and logic that has emerged from that evolution . 
  very different things . 
  it 's sounds like you 're trying to solve a personal and human problem with ai . 
  some spiritual traditions do away with objective morality entirely , offering instead ways of grappling with subjective morality . 
  some say to be rational is to be moral . 
  i would n't be comfortable with some ai applying its moral standards to me . 
  perhaps your question is about how we would imbue our own personal morality into an ai ? 
  perhaps it would be a developmental ai that grows much like a human develops , with you passing on your morality as it reaches maturity ? 
  that 's from my office . 
  you 'll learn one day !, 
  if you 're in line at starbucks , you get what you deserve . 
  perhaps her heart gave out , or maybe an aneurism . 
  look , women are cray-cray , the mantis prove it . 
  trade seems like too much hard work ... : /, 
  i think i just broke my little toe . 
  slammed it into the corner of the coffee table while distracted by the cat . 
  it made a noise . 
  ice pack and ibuprofen for now i guess . 
  is it going to mean a moon boot ? 
  am i going to be able to drive to the doctors tomorrow ? 
  this should really be a subreddit :, 
  yes , thank you . 
  still very tender , but not so much agony . 
  i 'll have to see how it is in a few hours , but i might be lucky . 
  i have to go to the doc tomorrow anyhow so they can check it out however it goes . 
  yup , a few shades . 
  good , that is good . 
  i would n't be surprised if the ute 's stopped in the picture and never actually moved with the horse on the back . 
  i do like it when local fools pick up on and put to use our idiotic political hyperbole for themselves . 
  probably projecting . 
  giving you all the advice she ca n't take herself . 
  gross . 
  that makes sense , you ca n't very well measure the success of a publication in such a short period of time . 
  2014 is a year john green enjoyed considerable success , so it seems appropriate ? 
  is the economy influenced by trade ? 
  like if you ensure a station is well supplied or embargo a station , does that impact its production ? 
  i understood you fine . 
  i do n't know the answer to your question with any certainty however . 
  i have lived with people who have moved from overseas on working/holiday visas , and then been sponsored into permanent residency by their employer . 
  however i think it depends on the the visa agreements between countries and the nature of the employment . 
  mj savage memorial park in orakei is a popular spot , you could go further east up the top of st heliers also . 
  traffic and parking can be a challenge if you do n't want to hang about . 
  the engineering on that bridge must be amazing . 
  it 'll get worse before it gets better . 
  we ca n't expect to have years of cuts to social services without degrading the quality of social order . 
  living in your car is not an option ? 
  no shower at work or the gym ? 
  damn , that 's rough . 
  maybe the local stuff is considered artisan and is price inflated ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we do alright with beef and lamb , all pasture raised . 
  your lesson : do n't be witty , do n't try . 
  be real . 
  a bot that says `` yum '' to spaghetti is from the heart . 
  reddit sees this . 
   there 's more to anime than just ghibli . 
  this is true , but how many on that list will leave my soul in fragments ? 
  at least with ghibli , you get put back together after being pulled apart . 
   people are weird about poop . 
  if you get close enough to enough people you 'll realise people are weird about * everything * . 
  poop is common though . 
  radioactive volcanoes eh ? 
  that 's going into my file of ideas for computer game elements . 
  i just realised all the maths i do n't have to do thanks to no tipping culture where i live . 
  and taxes included in all purchase prices . 
  probably just reflex . 
  hah , true . 
  with so many opportunities , occasionally one slips through . 
  probably would have saved myself a lot of pain and physio if i had that idea when i was a kid . 
  it went exactly where it meant to go from what i could tell . 
  it was amazing . 
  new zealand . 
  i have been to the us/canada , at the time it was a novelty i guess even though i was there for six months . 
  or something to remind me i was n't home . 
  your post made me realise that i could have had a life of doing simple maths !, 
  which is n't that bad really . 
  identification with the aggressor . 
  the same could be said for israel : if they stopped using violence , palestine would struggle for legitimacy , for international support . 
  the question i ask is , who are the more powerful and who are the more vulnerable ? 
  and i consider who has the greater responsibility , the stronger or the weaker ? 
  `` i 'll swallow your soul ! '', 
  they have to wait in line just like everyone else !, 
  and that place is busy . 
  and delicious . 
  you 've got the peasant expression and hunch down . 
  you could stand to be a bit more on fire , but other than that , perfect !, 
  `` i 'm rich ! '', 
  i think the idea of the convention of attractiveness is a myth .
