  modern life is so hectic sometimes i want to ** burn it all with nuclear fire ** . 
  but i like people , so what can you do ? 
  what skyrim mod is that ? 
  good , that is good . 
  could it fly , would it have been effective ? 
  she could have had another 20 years ahead of her !, 
  can someone put the original and new one side by side ? 
  interested to see the differences between the two . 
  confusing question right ? 
  title : `` what 's the best record store ? '', 
  text : `` i mean , second best record store . '', 
  that 's how i think of aussies too ( at least when we 're beating them at the rugby ) , that carefree , no worries attitude . 
  that , and tax dodging . 
  try taking a couple of weeks off work !, 
  `` da fuck is sql ? 
  da fuck is javaserver pages ? '', 
  it certainly is . 
  so what 's good for lunch from kang nam ? 
  then it is so . 
  but that 's why we all jump is n't it and perhaps the basis of superstition . 
  mistaking a stick for a snake ai n't no thing . 
  mistaking a snake for a stick ? 
  goodnight nurse . 
  it problems impact everyone and these problems increase exponentially with complexity . 
  this is a reason why it systems can range from $ 10k to $ billions . 
  how 's macaulay doing these days ? 
  will always owe him a debt of gratitude for the good times . 
  i have a theory ( developed studying psychotherapy ) that people find a person attractive when that person likes themselves . 
  it sounds like you 've spent some time reflecting , working on your character and you like the results . 
  i believe that simply makes you a more attractive person , regardless of how easily you can point to external manifestations of this internal change . 
  i like it that despite all them historical murdering fucktards , you 're still here with us . 
  i 'm guessing either dead from od or about to od , or zen monk who is enlightened beyond desire . 
  cool , think he made a bit of a mistake though :, 
   the crystal cove version of the oculus rift is currently only a prototype that game developers can buy and experiment with . 
  there about 50,000 of them out there . 
  it is not available at retail yet , and the number of top-quality games you can play on it is limited . 
  the current dev kit that 's out in the wild as we all know is not crystal cove, 
  is that you boss ? 
  lolz , who downvoted this ? 
  i have n't read fahrenheit 451 ( i 'm a little sensitive about what i read after foolishly devouring 1984 ) , but when i read the opening line `` it was a pleasure to burn '' i always read that as the speaker is burning and is glad of it . 
  like with whatever it is that exists in this world , it 's better to burn . 
  aight , maybe i will . 
  thanks . 
  his final scenes with sidious were everything i wanted . 
  actually , i need to watch that again . 
  that 's a shame . 
  it 's all in your head . 
  that is a very cool idea . 
  once we get over the idea of getting round the galaxy within the space of a human life time , we 're left with all sorts of interesting ideas for multi-generational galactic exploration . 
  and he still go to scupper the point the dr. hart was trying to make . 
  interesting ... thanks . 
  you think the person who posted that was the private owner , rather than an employee of some either caretaker , heritage or tourism type operation ? 
  1 . is the coolest thing i have heard in a long time . 
  like russian zen or something . 
  they 're paraphrasing feynman . 
  giving something to someone does not instantly mean that person owes you that thing . 
  you did n't have to give it . 
  you could say that for anything . 
  there are horrors throughout history that if never occurred would not led to our births . 
  should we be grateful to those horrors ? 
  personally , i help those i want to , not those who would put some obligation upon me . 
  well , if traceability is what gets your to risk your life for another , by all means go ahead . 
  personally i care for those who give value to my life , not those who were simply around when it happened . 
  it 's like they have asshole parents or something , eh ? 
  you under-estimate the volume of redditors raised by scumbag parents . 
  i 'm sure many wish they had to opportunity to say `` fuck you '' like you have . 
  thanks for sharing the article , very fun and curious !, 
  the scientologist kind . 
  only posting in the same vein . 
  these deaths are shocking when they happen . 
  do we know if cyclists die proportionally more than other road users ? 
  faster action is all well and good , thoroughly planned action is n't too bad either . 
  before this scene , it seemed clear to me that they were enjoying each others ' aggression and i thought the two were made for each other . 
  after this scene it 's seemed certain . 
  i would be interested in learning more about how this is intended to be achieved :, 
   we believe in rational and logical decisions and not decisions blinded by personal or ideological opinions . 
  what does this decision making process look like ? 
  i do n't find hate attractive as a general principle . 
  i really like the scene , it 's a powerful part of the movie . 
  but i ca n't figure out how they got the shot from the mirror ? 
  it 's a great effect !, 
  bonus for jena malone showing off her acting chops young . 
  so they have a camera pointed at the blue screen mirror and pull it out while at the same time having the actress reach for the mirror in time with the footage of her running towards the mirror/camera placed into the mirror ? 
  it still confuses the heck out of me . 
  i love it !, 
  that 's excellent , thanks !, 
  my favourite role of hers is in donnie darko . 
  it looks like what running in a nightmare might be like . 
  i have a book on linear algebra . 
  i do n't see how one could distinguish it from a wizard 's tome . 
  [ edit : some sensitive mathematicians here . 
  were you not filled with wonder and amazement at the secrets and mysteries that were revealed studying your own linear algebra books ? ], 
  if i picked up a genuine wizard 's tome i would expect to find similar content : arcane , powerful knowledge filled with mysterious scrawls and codes . 
  i do n't sit because i 'm tired . 
  i sit because sitting is great !, 
  hrm , there 's probably some kind of sith joke in there ... 
  it 's disturbing when reddit has my thoughts before i do . 
  you ca n't be tokin ' out no driver !, 
  they gots to drive !, 
  general population do n't need it , they 're getting away with it just fine .
