  our deep understanding of space-time is also very recent . 
  i think we 've forgotten how much people used to have to guess about . 
  and what is the state of the services that help people deal with the kinds of issues that lead to domestic violence ? 
  in a shambles , even less effective than they were . 
  it drives me to despair . 
  that scene might be scary , but the film itself is far more horrifying . 
  watch the rest if you 're needing a few sleepless nights . 
  i 've had enough horror in my life , i passed on any further david lynch movies after mulholland drive . 
  he 's a master at what he does . 
  [ fathers day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uptg46ncyk4 ), 
  is it actually effective as a long term solution ? 
  if i saw that hole open up , the road rules would no longer apply and i would be getting as far away from it as possible . 
  i 'd either be pushing through traffic , off road if need be , or out of my car . 
  seriously , just , no . 
  i live a few of hours drive from some of the darkest skies in the world ( [ here specifically ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/port+charles+3584 ) , the area is dark thanks to some hills and the pacific ocean . ), 
  on a clear moonless night , starlight casts a shadow . 
  it 's hard to describe seeing the galaxy so brightly . 
  staring up i really get a feeling like i 'm * in * that galaxy . 
  i mean , you 've got this massive structure filling up the sky that you ca n't take in in a single view . 
  i can easily get the sense that i 'm standing on a rock in the middle of the sky . 
  it certainly makes me wonder what people made of it throughout history , while it was easily apparent to people and while it was only understood as `` the heavens '' . 
  it seems a bit ironic that as we 've come to deeply understand the heavens , most people have lost regular access to it . 
  that 's what you get for learnin . 
  wow , the nzherald really did what it could to pimp idea of perpetual employment . 
  to be fair , modern society does have some really disgusting aspects . 
  for example , there are plenty of people who would love to take advantage of medical services who are unable to due to circumstances beyond their control . 
  our modern institutions of power are n't without cult like behaviour , delusion and reckless self-absorbtion . 
  yeah , i do wonder about the value of recycling paper . 
  would n't we be better off burying waste wood products and growing more trees ? 
  carbon sequestration and all that ? 
  if moko lived he would have needed serious support from professional community services . 
  i wonder if he would have been able to access these services . 
  or would he have grown up only to perpetuate his grim circumstances . 
  it seems these kids only receive an outpouring of love by the time it 's too late : when they 're dead . 
  indeed . 
  currently our community services are in a state of triage . 
  this is the level of service we should expect from them . 
  and without any meaningful intervention from the community , we can expect cases like these to continue to occur on a regular basis . 
  what justification can the government have for letting these services fall by the wayside ? 
  what does the government know that mental health experts do n't ? 
  or is it more of a case of no justification being required , because people are too caught up in the ever increasing pressures of daily life to notice ? 
  i am familiar with the mental health system myself . 
  since national took office we have seen a reduction in the number and types of services available . 
  this has directly impacted the quality and volume of mental health care provided in nz . 
  the impact of this can be observed in a number of ways , for example the jump in call-outs for the police to intervene with a mental health crisis , or the jump in homelessness . 
  the greens are smart to raise this issue . 
  come election time they need to be able to point to both the damaging impact of government policy and how they pointed to the problems as they 're emerging . 
   smart to raise this issue of cutting funding to a phone-line ? 
  and somehow this is tied to homelessness ? 
  yes , many services for people in diverse circumstances . 
  the greens should have no difficultly painting a picture for voters of national neglecting community services and the consequential fallout . 
  the closure of lifeline will have a significant impact on the community . 
  national has no real justification to do away with a trusted , well used service beyond saying they can save some bucks . 
  i think it 's completely fair and coherent with green party values to speak up about the closure of the service . 
  i 'm not arguing solutions , no . 
  there 's no evidence lifeline is ineffective . 
  national are changing the status quo by letting lifeline and a variety of other established , trusted community health services fail . 
  these failures are a direct consequence of government funding policy . 
  any political party who wants to oust national needs to get amongst it . 
  i do n't know where you get that from . 
  what do you think is effective about national 's policy of defunding established , trusted community health services like lifeline ? 
  national is the one changing things right now by letting lifeline and other services fail . 
  services that have been running for decades , across a number of governments . 
  you can see my post history . 
  you can see what i 'm about . 
  your opinion seems to boil down to `` trust national '' . 
  unless you can cite actual research ? 
  i 'm also very familiar with the nature of these services and from what i have seen over the last 10 years is that people are getting more desperate as service levels decline . 
  i think you are mistaken about the value of these services that are being let fail . 
  we can see the consequences where we expect to see them . 
  we 're seeing a drop across the board is social health measures . 
  homelessness , crime , suicides , crisis intervention . 
  all on the rise . 
  lifeline closing is a direct consequence of national 's funding priorities . 
  the greens are pointing out their priorities would be different . 
  mental health experts and clearly those using these services think they are necessary . 
  no one is citing research that says otherwise . 
  your opinion as a service user is clear . 
  but there are a diverse range of people needing help , many very different from you . 
  nz can afford these services . 
  they 're not expensive and we 're not poor by any means . 
  it 's misleading to link a suicide prevention service ( lifeline offers more than just a phone service ) with suicide ? 
  sorry , who is debating the value of these services ? 
   cutting funding for these debatable services is n't a black and white issue ;, 
  what debate are you referring to ? 
   do n't blindly hate a policy/change taken out of context , or support something antiquated because of a name . 
  you 're doing an awful lot of projecting , it makes it difficult to respond when you are making assumptions about my viewpoint that are n't true . 
  i could get buried correcting you , but that detracts from the discussion . 
  most of what i know about government policy and its impact is not coming from news reports , it 's for direct experience in the industry . 
  offer some basis for your claims that this service is antiquated . 
  other than as a service user , because your personal experience only goes so far . 
   you 're misunderstanding the use of the word & the sentence as a whole . 
  i understood you in the manner you pointed out . 
   open to discussion or argument . 
  what discussion or argument do you refer to ? 
  i 'm familiar with the research into the nature and value of community services such as lifeline . 
  academically there is no argument . 
  are you talking about arguments on talk back radio or something ? 
  calling these services debatable suggests there is a well-founded argument , and i know of none . 
   from my perspective , you 're making a ton of vague references and absolute statements , then demanding evidence to support anecdotes without supplying anything to back your own view .
