  we all belong to a variety of demographics , no political system is completely fair . 
  we all gain benefit or disadvantage due to our various demographics in any number of ways . 
  if our political system is * effective * then we can use that system to address these . 
  but first you must use the voice you have . 
  not everyone can rally a protest , write a compelling article , participate in disciplined discussion . 
  but ideally everyone can vote . 
  lol , cute story . 
  you 're confused , no argument was offered . 
  hey , at least they 're tryin ' . 
  not even national wants to grab at power so much that they would accept any terms nzf set . 
  we 'd either get a minority government or at worst a re-election . 
  it would have to be a very low density alloy . 
  even tiny volumes of neutronium have extreme mass . 
  i figure magic is what controls mjolnir 's mass . 
  i like to think that he 's posturing as if the coalition is a done deal , it 's just a matter of sorting out the details . 
  it 's a nice thought , however long it might last . 
  i managed to avoid watching the gif as the outcome seemed immediately obvious . 
  i 'm still spooked at just the thought . 
  the greens strike me as pragmatic in their approach . 
  the problem is national do n't really need to be pragmatic . 
  they can go wild if that 's what nzf wants . 
  i like to think he becomes free of that prison too . 
  how awful . 
  winston has already said deputy pm is n't what its all about for him . 
  maybe shaw is trying to offer the appearance of a palatable solution , one where winston is n't the king maker . 
  back room discussions might be different , but this is politics . 
  it 's the :, 
   how we long we had that ? 
  at the end that gets me . 
  obviously this is a popular meme , but are people really like this ? 
  rick & morty is a story about super-genius , but it does n't contain any actual super-genius . 
  it 's sci-fi , not science . 
  i mean , i do n't know . 
  is the idea that something about r&m gives people with a low iq the impression they have a high iq ? 
   the ultimate bazinga . 
  lol, 
  it seems very true to the show that this sub is devolving into self-loathing . 
  most voters did n't vote national . 
  i think nzf is better aligned with labour . 
  national is about maintaining the status quo , nzf is about making change . 
  it wo n't be a great alliance , but national is terrible for nz in any situation . 
  that does n't sound like you 're suddenly realising that you 're smarter than everyone around you because you connect with a show about someone who is smarter than everyone around them . 
  which is what this meme seems to suggest . 
  indeed , the whole `` moral authority '' national has is bogus . 
  i have n't heard that one . 
  the media i 've seen has been dominated by blue . 
  i could have been more clear . 
  from the article :, 
   we should challenge the notion that national has some sort of `` moral mandate '' or `` moral majority '' . 
  most voters did n't vote for national . 
  i understand that energy can be neither created or destroyed , and at the earliest conceivable moment all energy in the universe was crammed into significantly less volume than it is today . 
  so crammed together in fact that elementary particles like protons could not even form , too much energy in the same place . 
  this means that while the energy has remained constant in the universe , space has increased , something which allows structures that require large , uninterrupted volumes to take form . 
  is it reasonable to say that matter is composed of both energy and space ? 
  where is this space coming from ? 
  does it expand equally everywhere , or just around energy ? 
  see these threads :, 
  another blistering summer is coming and i 've already been burnt from sitting in the sun ~ 30 minutes between 10-11am . 
  i am keen to get a tan , but i do n't enjoy being burnt or risking melanoma . 
  also , having to have a shower because i wanted to enjoy an hour in the sun tends to keep me indoors . 
  are there any sheer/light sunblocks out there that are good for tanning . 
  can you get a tan with the high spf ratings a lot of sunblock has now ? 
  if you happen to be reading this and unfamiliar with the nz sun , it is brutal . 
  in the height of summer you 'll lightly burn after 10 minutes , painfully burn within an hour . 
  we have very little ozone protection in nz and the highest skin cancer rates in the world , alongside our aussie cousins . 
  looking for gift suggestions ( and ideally store locations ) for an nz themed gift to send overseas . 
  my budget is pretty low , ~ $ 50 as shipping has to be accounted for too . 
  i 've had a look at the tourist shops in town , did n't find anything inspiring within budget . 
  so i was thinking maybe there might be some craft stores people can suggest ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a bit confused , i filled out some info about my gift preferences when i signed up , but i just noticed that i have an empty ss profile . 
  must be a silly oversight on my behalf , just confused about info being asked about in different ways . 
  when a ship that 's surrendered blows up anyway ? 
  maybe it 's them poor buggers dead despite buying their lives . 
  maybe it 's just the loot uncollected . 
  i mean , is there rick and morty merch about ? 
  cause i want some . 
  with autumn weather starting to kick in i 'm looking for a new umbrella , something that will withstand the wind . 
  i 've seen some pretty cool ones , reinforced with one-way vents to let wind blow through but never seen them for sale . 
  [ blunt ] ( http://www.bluntumbrellas.co.nz/ ) is the closest i 've found to what i 'm looking for , but i figure there have to be other options . 
  anyone know of anything cool ? 
  keen to watch ufc live this weekend , just looking for somewhere , preferably central , to watch this live and have a couple of drinks . 
  it starts 3pm sunday . 
  i am a fan of fried rice , but i find it so hard to get anything decent . 
  the best place i know of is no1 bbq restaurant on commerce st and they 're still more miss than hit . 
  things important to me :, 
  * flowing , not watery rice, 
  * spring onion , bean sprouts, 
  * no frozen mix veges, 
  * delicious !, 
  * sell spring onion/ginger sauce . 
  i ask as it seems there 's a fairly diverse range of skill levels and ideas about what constitutes a good strategy in each situation . 
  i figure `` generals '' of various quality to be battlefield conditions and try to accommodate that fact into my gameplay . 
  so i have my specific immediate start ( every second counts ! ), 
  and then tend to adjust what i do based on what both my opponents and teammates do . 
  i have some underlying principals of what gets the victory ( e.g. 
  resources ahead of vp ) and overcompensate where i can if a teammate has other priorities . 
  it sometimes works , sometimes leads to mistakes i 've found . 
  the alternative i guess would be starting with a set of initial objectives and sticking to them , working under the assumption that your teammate is working towards similar objectives . 
  i think i 've noticed both types of players .
