  perhaps there 's still something captured by the term `` lazy '' that is n't expressed in any other form ? 
  i agree , some of his expressions and responses were so visceral . 
  good news !, 
   how would you suggest that a site like the herald actually makes money ? 
  the same way buggy whip manufacturers make money i suppose . 
  i hope i do n't get caught looking at this at work ... 
  i ca n't help myself . 
  i do n't let idiots inform my opinions about anyone else . 
  `` he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes . '', 
  there are many ways to step down from power , he would n't have to hand it over to those making the most noise . 
  he would have had endless support from the international community if he reached out to them for a peaceful transition of power . 
  surely ? 
  a reason to step down is the destruction of your country . 
  fantasized ideals . 
  ideals detached from reality . 
  take a look at the pictures op posted and you tell me . 
  it 's definitely the answer that was wrong . 
  * phew *, 
  i was wondering how i was going to spend my sundays now on . 
  other unresolved charges . 
  right to a fair trial and all that . 
  the person i am relatively indifferent to . 
  the situation , the modern phenomena however is quite interesting . 
  they were both gorgeous . 
  who is the actress ? 
  i think i saw her in some local theatre once . 
  how absurd . 
  feel some pity for such people . 
  they feel so powerless in life that they need to take such opportunities to assert themselves . 
  i sometimes wonder if threats to prosecute white hack hackers stems from the desire to keep as many zero day exploits available to state sponsored elite hacking organisations . 
  understand themselves better . 
   catherine beard is executive director of exportnz . 
  no , surely not !, 
  that has got to be a very upsetting day for one ferry captain . 
  * i * will love it . 
  i was in rochester for winter once ( my only white christmas !, 
  ) , apparently it was -40 ( f or c , take your pick . ), 
  my buddy and i would go outside with a beer and try drink it before it froze . 
  good times . 
  this is existenz , is n't it ? 
  i wonder what it does for employment stats . 
  do people with zero hour contracts count as employed ? 
  it was a front seat passenger who survived ... somehow . 
  i think it 's a case of do n't know/don ' t care . 
  hopefully someone can prove me wrong . 
  i 'd be curious if there is archaeological evidence of pre-industrial age mass beaching of whales . 
  that list surely ca n't be exhaustive ? 
  i swear i hear about strandings much more often than are listed there . 
  still , clearly there are historical strandings . 
  i installed the original just the other day . 
  mainly cause i like the generals and the traits they can get . 
  is it really that bad where you live ? 
  or that good ? 
  from where i am sitting this is well within the realms of likelihood , i figure it does n't happen more often because people buy into the whole `` teachers have power '' nonsense . 
  what makes you so sure ? 
  lolz , not everyone is a pussy when it comes to standing up to authority . 
  i 'm sorry that everyone is where you live . 
  do oceans experiences storms like we do on the surface ? 
  i imagine there must be some kind of weather , but would there be the equivalent of hurricanes/typhoons ? 
  i ask because the ocean does seem like a good potential for colonisation in the face of catastrophic climate change . 
  i 've got some kind of quad core intel cpu that was high end 2-3 years ago , i do n't have any problems with acceleration . 
  maybe you need a steam version or something ? 
  haha , yep , first thing i thought too . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  are you suggesting not everyone who exclaims `` allu akbar '' is expressing an extreme religious reverence ? 
  what is the source ? 
  i was thinking just below the surface , 10-20m . 
  i wonder if at some point the engineering challenges of living on the surface will outweigh the engineering challenges of living in the ocean , as we try to protect ourselves from the consequences of climate change . 
  i fixed it by understanding the world and how i came to be placed in it , what role i can have in it . 
  by focusing on the power i have rather than the power i do n't . 
  it turns out being an adult human is to be extremely powerful , at least relative to pretty much everything i can observe . 
  that this power is balanced by other humans around me does not make me less powerful . 
  understanding the nature and influence of my unconscious self on my conscious life greatly enhanced my capacity for agency , so that was helpful too . 
  ex-circus performers got ta find work somewhere . 
  i was wondering ... 
  freaking cats , always winding each other up . 
  i live in a small urban area , quite dense for the region , i have two cats , half the neighbours have cats , then there are the cats in the wider area . 
  most of them seem both content to chill and relax with each other , and also spring vicious surprise attacks on each other . 
  i once had scars for weeks after accidentally getting between a couple of them whose battle strayed onto my deck . 
  we need to celebrate some of peter jackson 's other films at our country 's airport . 
  how about bad taste ? 
  increasing poverty and inequality , decimation of community services , too many people left with only bad choices . 
  this is what we voted for . 
  nz is n't poor , we can afford to care for these people . 
  we value the zeros in our bank accounts over the quality of our communities . 
  stochastic forces make it too expensive to do this kind of hard research , even when there are those in power interested in funding such research . 
  it is possible to make solid arguments based on contemporary understandings of human development and functioning , which is robust and sophisticated beyond public understanding . 
  this is easily undermined by the gross , cynical electioneering that is the status quo in western democracy . 
  wonder no more , i have thought long and hard about what this means . 
  perhaps consider those who depend on the benefit , who due to services they depended on but no longer can , have kicked out of their homes those who depended on them ? 
  not everyone has the wherewithal to manage under the pressure society puts on them . 
  when the government looked for new tax revenue , they put up gst which impacts everyone , including the poorest . 
  you seem to already have something in mind , what do you think it means ? 
   this has seen a huge uptick in the last two years and encourages other homeless people to believe that they can perpetuate their drug and alcohol dependencies without ever seeking the professional help they need . 
  it 's really hard to seek the services you 're told you need when the needs you know you do have are completely denied . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think money is bad . 
  i think valuing money over people is bad . 
  when we 're a rich country that is cutting back on well utilised services the vulnerable depend on , we 're valuing money over people . 
  it 's the leading edge , the most easily identifiable part of the problem , not the whole problem itself .
