  for instance rape trauma or coming from a culture with little cross gender interaction . 
  57 % to property , 24 % to charter schools , 11 % to the christchurch rebuild , leaving a whopping 8 % of the 35 % increase to the kids in public education . 
  or a 3 % increase . 
  ( if we round favourably . ), 
  you are in new zealand and i 'll point out that new zealand has an annual intake of refugees , people thrust from their homes due to circumstances beyond their control . 
  some of these people , all hurt and frighted , are unused to our non-segregated culture . 
  my hope is that we treat such people with empathy . 
  you of course can choose not to . 
  these are only examples and i note you choose one specific example , and it was n't rape trauma . 
  that may be the case , however it would strike me as bizarre if it is . 
  why spend so much money on facilities , and so little on more and better trained teachers for example ? 
  and why obscure such spending with such odd terms ? 
  forecast changes in property values ? 
  are you able to say with any certainty , not guessing , what that actually means ? 
  you are demonstrating a lack of empathy by not being able to put yourself in the shoes of a refugee in nz . 
  i am trained in trauma and recovery and i know that being a woman is n't sufficient to inform one about the nature of trauma in general . 
  or to put it bluntly , you do n't know shit . 
  your trauma would be insufficient to tell you about trauma in general . 
  and as i said , i offered examples , there will be diverse reasons a swimming group like this will be in demand . 
  not just the two i mentioned and certainly not exclusively religious . 
  i appreciate very little that is defined by gender . 
  i do n't like gender values . 
  but the world is what it is , people have the experience they have . 
  i 'm not going to deny people what they need when the impact so benign . 
  you can . 
  have you considered working on the underlying issues that impact your social confidence ? 
  there are effective improvements to be made with the right intervention , although they can be difficult to access depending on your local community . 
  you reckon a good oia request would do it ? 
  do you think the teachers hired to run those schools are captured in this increase ? 
  property * sounds * like the physical infrastructure of schools . 
  but it may well be that somehow national are also including the institutional infrastructure as well . 
  i 'm not going to throw away my own decency because of someone else 's indecency . 
   the chair of the national party 's kaikohe branch , alan price , said systems were not in place to deal with growing drug use and young people running riot in his town and others . 
   `` whilst we need more police , there 's a bigger underlying problem here , '' he said . 
   ** mr price told morning report the solution was to put corporal punishment back into schools **, 
  i 'm sure with national 's evidence based policy we will be seeing an evidential basis for this claim . 
  the government could start by providing help and support for those who seek it out . 
  tell me , do you know where a parent can turn to get genuine help if they 're concerned they 're failing their kids ? 
  if we look at abuse rates , that would be a large volume of sterilisation . 
  you do n't think it might be better to first maybe try offering help to struggling parents ? 
  and it 's your expectation that sterilisation will be cheap and easy ? 
  you ca n't envisage any expensive problems that might emerge from mass sterilisation ? 
  no , but her parents might have , or her parent 's parents . 
  if there is no intervention we ca n't expect anything different . 
  we have seen examples of draconian attempts to suppress unwanted behaviour . 
  it does n't work out well . 
  is compassion so dreadful ? 
   first , i do n't see how this has anything to do with my original comment , which was a response to a suggestion that it is somehow the government 's fault that a woman who is wholly unfit to raise a child keeps producing babies . 
  i thought it was accepted that the government ca n't and wo n't forcibly sterilise anyone . 
  i was considering what could be done . 
   secondly , i do n't see how it logically follows that because the eugenics movement ( which is what i presume you are referring to , although you did n't really specify ) was a disaster this automatically means that any forceful governmental interference in child abuse cases is unwarranted . 
  you presume wrong , and clearly the government is forcibly intervening , just not with sterilisation . 
   the woman was directly involved in this . 
  she stood by and did nothing while horrible people did unspeakable things to a baby , and then participated in much of the abuse herself . 
  seriously , i dare you to read the fucking article , particularly the section headed `` abuse '' , and come back here to wank on about showing her `` compassion '' . 
  i 've read worse . 
  listened to first hand accounts of similar . 
  the thing is , most children survive their abuse , or at least they 're still biologically alive . 
  who they might have been is surely murdered . 
  you think nia glassie 's mum was a demon amongst angels ? 
  you think everything was fine until she came along ? 
  i would get your anger if we lived in a society when the wretched had a place to turn . 
  but they do n't . 
  we leave people who are beaten up rather than grown up face their misery on their own . 
  as if somehow people can just magically figure out how live in harmony never having experienced harmony themselves . 
  we get what we deserve . 
  but hey , at least we 're not to blame , because of personal responsibility . 
  bravo us . 
  whoever is suggesting we sterilise parents who abuse their children . 
  no , because her kid is dead and any others are taken off her . 
  her circumstances are n't unique , aside for the media attention . 
  a number of children die each year at the hands of their parents , but without the attention . 
  sorry , i did n't see the discussion where this was agreed upon . 
  forcible sterilisation is dramatic in any instance . 
  you have knowledge in such things ? 
  i 'm not , i already know you do n't . 
  you 're just saying what makes sense to you . 
  they are only the same in the sense that they are both evolved organisms doing the best they can in the circumstances they find themselves . 
  i mean , unless you refute science and disciplined academia , as many do . 
  what 's important is that realistically no two people are the same , no two situations are the same . 
  we ca n't reduce people down to their easily observable behaviours . 
  people are exceedingly complex , thinking of us as anything less than this helps no one . 
  cheers !, 
  yeah , in new zealand we have very low debt levels , but we 're not willing to feed hungry kids or provide care for abuse victims . 
  but at least the books are balanced ... :(, 
  there are n't always solutions to problems , sometimes we have to do the best we can . 
  just because i 'm not okay with sterilisation , it does n't mean i 'm happy about the current situation either . 
  i 'm just not willing to become what i despise . 
  honestly , given the completely inadequate approach to abuse and trauma in nz , this is what we can expect and deserve . 
  it 's easy to point at the worst cases we see and `` tut-tut '' . 
  how about we do the hard work and look at what we can do to avoid these situations in the first place . 
  if we were making a solid effort then i might be sympathetic to people wanting to take drastic action . 
  but we 're not . 
  we just do n't give a fuck until we see some baddie in the news . 
  that 's exactly what we do . 
  we bare the consequences of the state of our society instead of thrusting them onto the most vulnerable . 
  money spent raising kids is n't wasted , you realise that right ? 
   we 're all going to be spending a lot of money raising this ladies kids, 
  let 's reframe this :, 
   we 're going to be investing a lot of money raising this lady 's kids .
