  it 's a broad study that includes understanding history , controversy and debate . 
  have you engaged in this ? 
  internet debate does not count . 
   you make zero attempts to meet me half way . 
  no , because you have n't demonstrated a disciplined perspective . 
  you 're stating your opinion as fact . 
  you speak of the history of feminism as if all you know is all there is to know . 
   i am completely unsurprised . 
  thanks for revealing your bias . 
  as i previous pointed you to , here 's [ what it looks like ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/6kjngp/a_response_to_the_newspaper_editor_who_thinks/djmqfhk/ ) when someone has a sound basis for their perspective . 
  if you follow the thread you 'll notice my willingness to question my own dogma as you call it . 
  enjoy your ignorance dressed up as knowledge . 
  i do find it helpful discovering that those who disagree with me do so in absence of disciplined study , like yourself . 
  however i prefer finding out i 'm wrong , because then i 've learnt something . 
  in this thread my upvotes are a net posivite . 
  but upvotes are a poor measure , surely you 've seen plenty of bullshit upvoted to the sky . 
  the internet is very useful for consolidating juvenile perspectives in this way . 
  mickey cantor was the best . 
  it 's a shame the whole union thing kept the voice actor out of smnc . 
  the whole dystopian future setting was very well executed too . 
  the style , the humour . 
  everything . 
  i loved it . 
  the gameplay was epic , easy to pick up but with serious depth . 
  which i think led to its downfall . 
  players got better and better , so noobs who joined up were simply overwhelmed by the competition . 
  it really was a victim of its on success in this regard . 
  i only uninstalled cause there was no one to play against . 
  it was one of the best gaming experiences i 've ever had . 
  probably the best really . 
  yeah , the real blow here is to all of us given how bad it appears climate change really is . 
  it 's the general lack of quality social research in general that 's stupid . 
  i 'd blame the government , but anti-intellectualism seems like a worldwide trend . 
  i mean , national 's certainly doing their part to shut down [ sources of quality research ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/ ) . 
  if it happened today ? 
  national would lose the next election . 
   plenty of empty state houses around the country . 
  are there jobs where these houses are ? 
   people are free not to be exploited . 
  slaves are free to not be slaves !, 
  lol , what a nutter . 
  way to miss the point . 
  it was a comment on how idiotic and contradictory your statement was . 
  so you can recognise that some people are unemployable . 
  yet you say that getting a job is a solution to people 's problems . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't see the contradiction . 
   seems pretty logical to me . 
  i 'm not surprised , you 've demonstrated a few times in this thread that logic is n't your strong point . 
  moving comes at a cost , both social and economic . 
  indeed . 
  logically people are making the decision that appears less shit to them . 
  who takes responsibility for people whose only options are shit ? 
  you spout on about personal responsibility . 
  is that the only kind of responsibility there is ? 
  the answer is that implicit in those two statements is a power differential . 
  for whatever reason that 's not apparent to you , so i 'll help you out :, 
  * powerful people are free to try and exploit vulnerable people . 
  now , are vulnerable people free not to be exploited ? 
  of course not , if they were , they would n't be vulnerable . 
   o wise-one ? 
  you 're a bit of a cunt , are n't you ? 
  people can only act based on their circumstances as they experience them . 
  the state should care for its citizens only if the state cares about the quality of its society . 
  if you want to live in shit , you are free to try and bring this reality about . 
  i 'm sceptical , given everything else you 've posted in this thread . 
  it sounds like you want to make simple judgements about people in horrible circumstances they did n't create . 
  i read that . 
  in this context developers are in a position of power , residents are in a position of vulnerability . 
  you 're being wilfully ignorant , because this is the only way your position can stand . 
   and yes , i am a cunt . 
  yes , a cunt with the insight of a child . 
  `` it 's logical '' is just another way of saying `` it sounds good in my head , so it must be true ! '', 
  idiot . 
  let me help you . 
  you 're making yourself out to be a logical guru . 
  you 're also making contradictory statements like `` people are free to not be exploited '' as if that makes sense . 
  in short , you 're an idiot . 
  lol, 
  everything you say is a contradiction . 
  the same idiot who thinks people with no job prospects and nowhere to stay need more personal responsibility says i 'm a loser . 
  what to do ?!, 
  i do this if my wallet is missing . 
  i had a flatmate that understood . 
  but now i just sound crazy . 
  if they 're paid in beer tickets and spaghetti , then yes . 
  my preference would be howick . 
  that 's a butchered kiwi accent . 
  it 's a pretty good survey actually . 
  quick and easy to complete . 
  no questions where i 'm wondering what kind of answer is being looked for . 
   but there 's also false perceptions that working in mental health is unsafe . 
  maybe . 
  what 's much closer to reality is how * miserable * working in mental health is . 
  by it 's nature , it 's painful work , but due to the chronic underfunding of the sector and the ideological approach to treatment policies , the work is largely triage , not healthcare . 
  it 's horrible . 
   we do n't have enough addictions specialists and with the new substance addiction compulsory assessment and treatment act that 's going to be rolled out next year , it 's going to be a huge challenge to meet the demand that this is going to cause, 
  i have the training to work in addictions , but fuck that . 
  focusing on the most obvious , apparent symptom of person suffering a life of bullshit is soul destroying . 
  it would be interesting to know for sure . 
  it would probably take a carefully worded oia request to find out .
