  is there a map somewhere showing where it actually runs ? 
  when they say `` free '' trade , which part is free ? 
  what 's difference between a `` free trade agreement '' as opposed to a `` trade agreement '' ? 
  that 's not exactly comforting . 
  is it scaremongering if it 's genuinely scary ? 
  what misinformation ? 
  maybe some people are worried that a trade agreement is being used to secretly debate and pass laws that normally would be subject to public scrutiny ? 
  where the pm would n't be able to trumpet `` free trade !, 
  free trade ! '', 
  over concerned voices . 
  yes , it will be voted under public view , not constructed or debated under public view . 
  by the time we know what 's going down , it may be too late for meaningful opposition . 
  laws that go beyond trade , unless you conflate commercial interests and trade into the same thing . 
  i think we should get a black flag so as to encourage such behaviour . 
  i think nz is a prime location for a pirate navy , and we need every geopolitical advantage we can get . 
  what does a 16 year old put on their cv ? 
  what kind of jobs are there for a 16 year old ? 
  i mean , i worked as a kid , but is seems most of those jobs are taken by adults these days . 
  `` fully charged ! '', 
  entropy . 
  this is cute :, 
   there 's never been a time in the history of home ownership that people have n't had to work hard for their deposit . 
  sure , but can this statement be reconciled with this one :, 
   with house prices rising up to a reported $ 1000 a day `` houses in auckland are earning more than people '' , he said . 
  wages in auckland do n't seem to be rising at a similar rate . 
  perhaps median wage earners in auckland are expected to commute from hamilton or whangarei ? 
  i think the tpp reveals what a lot of people struggle to grasp : our lives are not solely in our own hands . 
  our lives to a great deal are lived at the pleasure of a powerful elite , the vanishingly small minority who control the vast proportion of wealth and authority in the world . 
  we can tell this by the fact that how the tpp is being negotiated is completely normal . 
  i particularly liked the last line :, 
   if this game is funded i promise to ensure that it is both a success and a failure . 
  loan agent probably gets a commission . 
  it does in some cases . 
  it depends on the finance company . 
  i have faith in humanity , just not in that regard . 
  wage earners go to where there are wages to be earned . 
  the graph seems to confirm that atheism is a luxury for the wealthy . 
  the less wealthy needing something other than stories from rich people telling them to work hard to make sense of their struggles . 
  same difference really . 
  a good education goes a long way to being able to thrive in the world as it is . 
  when you ca n't thrive , it becomes challenging to grasp what it is you are doing in this world . 
  turning to the transcendent is very effective at maintaining one 's ability to cope with the distress that comes with being unable to meet basic needs . 
  it depends on what you consider a person 's basic needs are . 
  are people machines that only require an energy source , or are we something more ? 
  it 's highly prestigious in local tradition to receive one . 
  on one hand it 's wonderful seeing a community support something they love and how services like patreon help with this . 
  on the other hand it 's so terribly grim to know a person can work a job without the employer being required to offer vacation time . 
  obligatory defensive comment from a us citizen who thinks it 's all about them . 
  thank goodness i did n't need to parallel to pass my test . 
  also in westgate , coincidentally . 
  no dramas . 
  this is a symptom of living in a world where so much bullshit is promoted that the idea of `` real '' has currency and is attractive . 
  history , tradition and ultimately legitimacy . 
  great britain has had a stable government for centuries . 
  stability goes a very long way towards the well being and betterment of society . 
  that 's a myna . 
  definitely a jerk , not a bro . 
  reminded me of the scene in fury where the tank gets taken out with panzerfaust . 
  was worried for a moment i was seeing something worse . 
   i think the royals are nothing more than glorified dole bludgers . 
  hardly . 
  the amount of money the british government spends on the royals is eclipsed by the amount the same government earns from land owned by the windsors , earnings the windsors gift to the government . 
  and that 's before you consider the value of tourism . 
  you can find out more about this here :, 
  [ the true cost of the royal family explained ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ), 
   so if all you say is true , then quantify the benefits and lets have some real stats to back up your claims that they provide stability to society . 
  that 's not straightfoward by any means . 
  however do you see any other governments of the world that have been stable as long as the british government . 
  or more effective at spreading their government in modern times ? 
  the uk is a constitutional monarchy , it 's very progressive with the crown functioning as an * important * figurehead . 
  much easier is it to maintain it than to untangle centuries of tradition that maintain the uk government . 
  there is n't any pressing reason to , the uk is stable . 
  taxpayers gain more than they spend . 
  that why it 's excusable . 
  because it 's cheaper than the alternative which is giving back all of the windor 's property so they can support themselves . 
   they do nothing to maintain the british government . 
  their very existence is the basis for the british government . 
  unless we 're pretending history and tradition does n't matter . 
   stable eh ? 
  not really, 
  speculation . 
  centuries of history disagrees . 
  that 's just a myth . 
  and there are no real figures to substantiate that myth . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ), 
   like i said previously - getting rid of the royals will hardly result in an economic crisis . 
  it would be impossible short of a crisis in the first place . 
  even if we ignore that the british would n't stand for it , rule of law is a complex thing based on historical agreements . 
  if the crown was abolished many laws and legal constructs would no longer apply . 
   the fact is , they do n't . 
  time to evolve . 
  if this is true then someone can show up at your place and if they 're physically stronger than you force you out , or kill you , or do whatever they want . 
  because according to you history and tradition do n't matter , and that 's where the laws that would otherwise prevent this exist . 
  evolving is n't changing based on emerging values . 
  evolving is surviving based on what works in the circumstances we find ourselves in , with what does n't work dying . 
  and currently the british crown works , and as soon as it does n't something new will evolve and supplant it . 
  not before . 
   prove it . 
  i point to centuries of history . 
  that 's not evolution .
