  the underfunding of mental health services is a strong echo of the neglect that allows the abuse and trauma that the bulk of mental health work is generated by to occur . 
  the discipline and resolve required to manage a person who would currently get subjected to isolation can be hard to hold onto when it seems like no one else gives a fuck . 
  when there is n't the funding to properly run these services , there 's certainty not funding for effective accountability , which further erodes that discipline . 
  what do you teach each about drinking ( alcohol ) and drinking culture to each group ? 
  for example after work drinks with colleagues , or drinking when going out for the evening . 
  the poverty problem feeds the shitty parent problem , more so than the other way around . 
  poverty goes beyond how much money parents have coming in . 
  it 's also how well resourced schools are , the quality and accessibility of medical services , what community services are available to families , freedom of movement , etc. 
  when you grow up without these things , one 's capacity to offer quality parenting is undermined . 
  just as it is trying to raise a child without these things . 
  no amount of telling parents what they `` should '' will give a parent what they need to care for their children . 
  raising kids is hard work . 
  if a person thinks having kids is a way to get income , i wonder what other opportunities that person has to improve their lives . 
  humans do n't allow life to happen , life happens and humans do their best to survive . 
  a universal system that is imposed upon humans in such a way that reproduction is no longer free is typically considered a dystopia . 
  well let 's make sure all children have what they need to grow up healthily ( food , security , education , healthcare , someone telling them they 're valued ) and then we 'll see . 
  hmmm ? 
  there are plenty of examples in the world of communities successfully offering this , without only handing over cash to parents . 
  in the west , one reason you might want to avoid drinking too much with co-workers is the potential for embarrassing inappropriate behaviour . 
  in japan , if drinking is so common , how is this handled ? 
  like i throw up on my co-workers shoes . 
  or i tell my co-worker how beautiful her breasts are . 
  or get into long rant about my love for god . 
  stuff like that . 
  hahaha , right , so pretty much the same as everyone else . 
  thanks . 
  if we 're all so smart , why are you so ignorant of the horrific practicalities of enforcing what you 're suggesting . 
  how is it you do n't benefit from the entire sum of human knowledge ? 
  it 's almost like intelligence and insight are different things ... 
  why ca n't we go for a non-horrific option , like investing in our communities ? 
  i guess being less rich is more horrifying than the consequences of poverty for some . 
  you realise what you are suggesting is a complete overhaul of our society and values ? 
  we could n't be a free society with what you 're proposing . 
  we would need a huge investment of resources into a draconian authority with few limits on its power to achieve what you suggest . 
  that just does n't seem practical . 
  what you are suggesting is not * just * anything . 
  the government ca n't make a law and then it simply is . 
  what you are suggesting is the end of democracy , or the end of the political party that tries to enact such a law . 
  people will not accept government control over reproduction . 
  all you 're doing is having a little fantasy . 
  which you are of course free to do . 
  but you 're either pretending or genuinely think this is a viable solution . 
  if it 's the latter , i should probably stop embarrassing myself by arguing with someone so simple . 
  freedom is more than a continuum . 
  what some consider free , others consider oppression . 
  i was n't offering an insult . 
  for all i know you 're a teenager . 
  it would be embarrassing arguing law with a teenager who has a simple understanding of how the legal system works . 
  you said `` this is just another law which would make us a better society . '', 
  this is a simple understanding of the law . 
  it helps me understand why you think what you 're suggesting might work . 
  with a sophisticated understanding of our legal system and the reasons why it works the way it does , you might understand why what you are saying is completely impractical . 
  i have a much more sophisticated understanding of freedom than can be discussed in this context . 
  i know it feels good to think you 've changed someone 's mind , but you have n't done that here . 
   do you also hold a phd in social justice from an online university ? 
  i do indeed hold a university qualification related to social science research . 
  but that was an insult , was n't it ? 
  now what were you saying about insults ? 
  oh yes :, 
   insults have always struck me as the hallmark of someone who does n't actually have a valid argument . 
  that 's what you think , after all , you said it . 
  and now you 're being insulting . 
  so by your logic ... 
  hey , you can cook up whatever fantasies you like about what i think . 
  certainly it 's only in the realm fantasy that the ideas you suggest work . 
  if you ca n't accept reality as it is , you will change nothing . 
  my thoughts are it would be ineffective and therefore poorly considered to tell homeless people they can not have children . 
  that 's the reality i think you 're missing . 
  people 's thoughts are no doubt diverse on the matter , amongst those who have considered it . 
  indeed . 
  the question is , what would work ? 
  i think the answer is nothing . 
  a fascist regime maybe , but history has shown fascist regimes are prone to collapse . 
  it seems it would be much more effective to address homelessness and drug addiction . 
  wow , i guess i should n't be so shocked that this is the case . 
  the world waits with baited breath to see if the undervalued us majority will finally have someone to stand for them . 
  there 's no real milo any more . 
  thanks john key . 
  sure . 
  the governments of many nations take some lead from the attitudes of the us government . 
  it 's scary that information is even collected . 
  pretty much everything after course info , once the student has left the school system . 
  good on you for taking that most important step : seeking help . 
  that 's not easy . 
  cads is a great service . 
  it 's sophisticated , empathic , non-judgemental , and uses contemporary mental health science . 
  it runs groups that are part education , part practice , part reflection . 
  you may also be offered one-on-one counselling . 
  it 's definitely a good start if you 're serious about addressing your mental health concerns . 
  a lot of what you can learn there can help you address general mental health concerns ( such as depression and anxiety . ), 
  do n't be put off by the website . 
  they probably only have it because someone kindly offered to put it together for free at some point . 
  the sad truth is there is far greater need in the community than there are services available - there simply is n't the funding for these services . 
  if you want to make it through the triage , you need to somehow demonstrate you can make good use of these services . 
  if you need help beyond cads , showing you can stick it out through their program will go a long way . 
  it sounds like you 're suggesting that all governments with popular support have made their countries a better place . 
  which would be odd , given even a cursory glance at history would show us this is not the case . 
  who , who ? 
  the houthis . 
  i think it 's inaccurate to frame making the country a better place as agreeing with one group of people or another .
