  it validates homoeopathic products having them on the shelves of the medicine dispensary . 
  it 's not like homoeopathy needs any controls . 
  people 's health would benefit from being turned away at the medicine dispensary when seeking non-medical health treatments :, 
  `` get it from the supermarket , we only sell medicine here . '', 
  denial is a powerful psychological defence . 
  conversely , i would have it that supermarkets ca n't sell multivitamins , only pharmacies can . 
  because they do provide health benefits to those who need them , but can be harmful to those who do n't . 
  i think it 's a matter of picking your poison . 
  5-eyes or one of the other smaller state and non-state players getting their hooks in . 
  til explosion is a potential hazard when smoking . 
  i 'm not sure what i 've said that suggests it is n't . 
  i mean , you opt into the risk of malware by using the internet . 
  who knows what zero day exploits go used undetected at any time . 
  i think that 's much more complex than a denier wanting to promote an agenda than engage in academics . 
  likewise , these soldiers , are they trying to promote an agenda , or engage in academics ? 
  some cases will be clear , others not so much . 
  the point is `` academic discourse '' is not a justification for `` anything goes '' . 
  [ marlita hill - the ` nigger ' speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa18ujvkr5s ), 
  the public school system is a joke on the public . 
  but it 's still reasonable sentiment . 
  there are those who will call people creeps based on their behaviour , but a different person enacting the same behaviour wo n't be called a creep because the person making the judgement enjoys the advancement in that particular case . 
  traffic light colours in auckland for the unfamiliar :, 
  * green, 
  * orange, 
  * dark orange, 
  you have some strange super heroes in worcester . 
  so these guys do n't know her past , hence their shock ? 
  or is there some kind of prudish culture amongst these guys that mia momentarily forgot ? 
  cause otherwise , these guys need to grow up and get over themselves . 
  cause sex is really normal and someone with a past like that should n't be made to think otherwise , if you care for them . 
  it looks like there was a positive outcome at least . 
  it 's always a pleasure seeing the disempowered discovering the power they have . 
  that seems like a double benefit . 
  parents get to look after their kids , short term contracts offer a chance for someone to get good work experience in a role that might not have otherwise become available . 
  for me , it was the plane full of dissolved humans . 
  but i get what you mean and i found some of the weekly mysteries mediocre . 
  sticking with it was worthwhile as the deeper story was very rewarding . 
  there is no `` we '' . 
  it 's national party interests on our behalf . 
  but no we . 
  where you get the gains , and others bear the cost ? 
  but it 's not an exclusive trade agreement . 
  it 's an agreement that includes trade . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're so eager to obfuscate discourse about the tpp by focusing on the trade element to the detriment of other elements . 
  carers of someone who used to be a sex worker would be well advised to be more sensitive in their responses to expressions of their charge 's sexuality , especially such a healthy response . 
  that 's the funny thing about superhero comics . 
  you can give a character super-human strength and agility , but you ca n't give them wisdom any greater than that of the writers . 
  fringe went through the same drama . 
  i think little kids would make the best death metal . 
  planes are often airborne . 
  yeah , how dare you complain about the rich getting richer , while you do n't . 
  get a different job , let some other sap work yours !, 
  perhaps the writers are writing for their prudish audience ... 
  man , the headlines are all over the show about this . 
  we live in the balance of many great opposing forces . 
  while any opposition may not have tumbled the tpp , it no doubt has influenced whatever form it has taken . 
  i dunno , i think it 's a bit sad the number of people wanting to live alone . 
  there are lots of good reasons to of course , but still . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  i was only commenting on the high demand where the number of * occupants * was one . 
  individuals living alone . 
  i value the social side of human nature , so it makes me sad . 
  indeed , and the article highlighted the high demand for sole occupancy , which i commented on . 
  i guess i thought i had covered myself with the `` good reasons to live alone '' bit . 
  squanchy saved him i reckon , and will rescue rick from prison . 
  weird , i thought this was a different coal mine explosion that killed 29 people in 2010 :, 
  that * is * a fun fact . 
  do we have to wait till they 're 21 before we ask for an ama ? 
  more content the better . 
  if it 's unwanted , i think we can rely on the vote system . 
   i 'm regarded as a really nice , kind person ( and i usually am ) , so the whole situation was surreal . 
  it sounds like the act of a kind person . 
  these benign lessons in harsh edges of reality ( like `` i ca n't have everything i want '' ) are really helpful for children . 
  that 's old school democracy . 
  we 're in a new age of democracy where it is now acceptable , indeed a given , that a democratic government will work for the interests of those governing while doing the bare minimum to meet its obligations to the public . 
  and if those obligations can be avoided altogether , all the better . 
  the only due care required of the government is that it does n't get caught in wrong doing . 
  or once it gets caught , it 's too late to do anything about it . 
  if national have hired her my guess is her work is to figure out a way to get some improved statistics without improving services . 
  this is based on how national has gutted community services during its tenure , without any basis other than claiming such services are `` topsy '' and `` hobby horses '' . 
  they 're a bunch of cynical bastards . 
  this is what you do . 
  and if they argue , say you 're confused and would like the tribunal to clarify things anyway . 
  it 's quick , inexpensive and authoritative , so why not ? 
  hahah , the ending was great . 
  i found it odd too . 
  maybe there 's something in the sex industry someone is concerned about being uncovered ? 
  it appears the claims were genuine and the woman who passed the note managed to get out the country as she wanted , no doubt due to the publicity . 
  i think evidence of such a serious allegation is justification for further investigation . 
  trying to prove this kind of thing up front has to be very challenging . 
  i ca n't imagine what it would be like growing up a roman citizen when roman history was all you knew and a roman future was all that was ahead . 
  like being born in italy around 140 ce . 
  it would have felt like being a part of a truly steady state . 
  it must have been quite something . 
  such a contrast to the experience of today . 
  look , i do n't need to hear no more about no sliced buttocks . 
  okay . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  is it any different how national does it 's thing ? 
  i mean , you 're basically accusing labour of being a contemporary political party .
