  there is no shortage of examples of those in power making things worse for everyone , while keeping popular support by way of superficial , cynical tactics . 
  boys will be boys , amirite ? 
  it seems we get neither in nz 's current political climate . 
  more like lead in our water supply ... 
  i 'm more worried about the corruption coming from those in power . 
  you ca n't trust experts mate , we have to rely on celebrities for the truth !, 
  after all , if it were n't for experts we would n't have climate change now would we ? 
   `` it 's not something you do lightly , to give yourself the mandate to actually sell these houses , so we 've made sure we 've put the right checks and balances in place , '' she said . 
  / yeahright, 
  i mean , it has to be re-traumatising locals . 
  [ acc 's sensitive claims service collapsed ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/110951/acc-sex-abuse-claims-down-by-36-percent ) not because there were no more rape victims . 
  it collapsed because the service existed only in name . 
  sexual assault is horrific . 
  finding there 's no help only compounds the trauma . 
  history shows that life is complex and rarely can anything be reduced to a simple equation , such as the one offered . 
  mmp is decent , in theory at least . 
  the question is how long will the hangover of fpp last , with two dominant parties as opposed to a variety from across the political spectrum . 
  that 's , uh , some assistant you have there . 
  we would have been having tiny , immeasurable impact on each other since we 've both been alive . 
  that 's not the justification the council gave for the dismissal . 
  when it 's a convenient excuse to fire said ranger ? 
  this is exactly the kind of thing i 'm mildly interested in . 
  is that like super-cat ? 
  a single bat of its paw and its helpless victim is slammed against the wall . 
  not unusual , but not acceptable either . 
  public bodies are expected to be legitimate and coherent in their actions . 
  yes . 
  it 's fucking grim . 
  it 's what we should expect , and we should expect it to get worse . 
  the community services that normally mitigate this kind of thing have been gutted in recent years . 
  and hundreds of millions more new jobs appearing , assuming technology continues to generate more jobs than it replaces . 
  there 's always selection bias of some sort . 
  what 's important is a consistent , well documented methodology and rationale . 
  neither are examples of sound reasoning . 
  rather you are exposing your own biases . 
  mmmm , nothing like power tripping . 
  yes , what we think when we do n't know reveals our bias . 
   so you seriously think it 's bias to wonder about news stories ? 
  i think our wondering reveals our biases . 
  whether that 's about the news , or anything else . 
   so we should all blindly accept news articles , without question , no matter what , otherwise it 's bias ? 
  personally i reflect upon the news while considering a range of factors , including my own biases and that of those producing the news . 
  you of course can do what you like . 
  how you * should * consider the news depends on the outcome you want . 
   so you 're saying my bias is in wondering if she swore at him , ( or he took it as swearing at him , eg , `` oh for fucks sake '' ), 
  yes . 
  despite it being unknown , for whatever reason you think it 's [ reasonable ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/47l6xe/tenant_evicted_for_dropping_fbomb_on_landlord/d0dvoby ) to consider something more than what was published . 
   ok , i guess i am biased against news articles . 
  you and me both . 
  the news media is a highly distorted lens with which to view the world through . 
  i hear there might be some staff from dick smiths looking for work ... 
  yeah , `` techxperts '' . 
  a made up word that sounds techy , but really is meaningless . 
  i thought our current government was going all-in on dairy ? 
  hence the gagging of fish & game for speaking up about water quality issues . 
  to me it 's the sound of summer . 
  although i 'll admit i 'm not used to hearing them so late , unless a cat has caught one . 
  slightly related aside , in japanese film and television cicadas are a metaphor for silence . 
  this book is excellent :, 
  [ maori : a photographic and social history - michael king ] ( http://www.penguin.co.nz/products/9780143010883/maori-photographic-and-social-history ), 
   a person using one paper coffee cup a day is the equivalent of a tree being cut down each year to produce those cups . 
  that sounds like some good carbon sequestration right there . 
  maybe i should stop recycling my coffee cups ... 
  macho man had the best outfits . 
  we are effectively alone right now . 
  the energy those atoms are composed of certainly was altogether at some point in the past . 
  there are millions of cows in my country . 
  i 'm happy for them to remain stupid and docile , i do n't need no bovine overlords . 
  anyone catch what he says at about the [ 5 minute mark ] ( https://youtu.be/v_96_iteifo?t=297 ) ? 
  the crowd seems tickled . 
  on the flip side , i thought this guy would ideally suit my flat , if i had a room free . 
  hahah , sounds like they got a lesson in true authority . 
  what are people getting up to in dubai ? 
  or is it a convenient point of arrival for other destinations ? 
  when i see these guys i always think `` damn , i wish i had a way to channel their motivation and desire to work to our mutual benefit . '', 
  i do n't give them money , but i have no judgements for them . 
  it 's more difficult withholding my judgements for our society that makes this an appealing option for these people . 
  that 's some gross-ass shit . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  always appreciated , thanks . 
  double-shitty robots , cause they are presented as skill machines , but really they 're chance . 
  ( the claw only grips properly once a certain amount of money has been spent in the machine . ), 
  training and working in mental health taught me that there is far more sexual violence in our communities than we are willing to acknowledge . 
  simply comparing those trying to access acc 's sensitive claims service ( before it collapsed ) with prosecutions for sexual crimes makes this clear . 
  welcome to reddit/the human race !, 
  what you are witnessing is a mimicked theme , a staple of human culture , magnified by the nature of the internet . 
  yes , exactly . 
  clearly these people are willing to put themselves out there to work in uncomfortable circumstances for not a lot of money . 
  so it 's not a case of laziness or unwillingness that prevents these people from finding work . 
  so , if we want change , we must wonder what barriers are in place preventing these people from finding normal employment . 
  of course , we can also jerk ourselves off , gratifying ourselves with judgements . 
  this appears to be the status quo . 
  do n't draw attention to something they may not have noticed . 
  auckland buildings have often two construction cycles from what i 've seen . 
  the initial construction by developers , and the re-construction initiated by those who actually have to live in them . 
  the covering of [ these apartments ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@-36.862257,174.7615265,3a,75y,101.02h,89.05t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s9fdqjirra390g68xgtxv5a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) has been recently removed to reveal that the building has been stripped right back to its structural frame . 
  i 'd regularly order hk style chow mein when i worked nearby . 
  good stuff . 
  my point exactly . 
  i remember being at the gym watching the news , seeing some guys trying to grab supplies from an air drop , only to miss out .
