  glory and gore is my favourite on the album . 
  ca n't wait for the video either !, 
  so much introspection by the characters . 
  i appreciate that a lot of people clearly enjoy it , but it 's just not for me . 
  it felt dragged out and whiny . 
  hahahah `` human music '' . 
  `` communism '' is the godwin of political discourse . 
  we seem to struggle with near fatal human attacks as it is . 
  you 're right . 
  the issue is media hype and distorted reporting . 
  is cereal a snack ? 
  applejacks or apple/cinnamon cheerios are awesome and not available here . 
  do stupid ideas count as unpopular opinions ? 
  for instance how crimes are chosen to be reported . 
  compare what 's going on in your local court with what you read in the paper . 
  the proportion of reports about dog attacks relative to other violent attacks . 
  there 's no way to tell from media reports how big of an issue this is . 
  we just know it 's shocking and we wish it would n't happen . 
  which sells papers . 
  you seem to buy into the media 's shock hype . 
  i can tell you young children have much more to fear from human adults than dogs in new zealand . 
  what a grumpalumps . 
  saved , category `` smarts '' . 
  i bet she 's not even your ex . 
  yup , i 'll take alone over cunts . 
  fortunately most people are n't cunts . 
  most of the time . 
  thanks for making me laugh about whatever bad shit is about to befall this woman . 
  that 's real cool . 
  some gif making genius watched braveheart recently ... 
  exactly what i thought . 
  need that chocolate glaze recipe ... 
  i will check it out , thanks . 
  good to know . 
  it was a funny post . 
  `` i do n't hate you because you 're black , i only hate you because you * act * black . '', 
  personally i do n't find any value making generalisations about other cultures , particularly oppressed cultures , particularly when it is my dominant culture that is doing the oppressing . 
  i did n't say anything , i quoted what i heard someone else saying . 
  you can tell this by the quotes . 
  do you they 're thrilled to know they do n't have to worry about racism while they act the way white folk expect them to . 
  / facepalm, 
  that 's called generalising !, 
  it applies to a population . 
  however humans are n't just a population , we 're distinct individuals . 
  i 'm not from the us , we have racism where i live , but you guys take it to another level . 
  i actually do n't know what you mean by `` middle class black folks '' but it sounds like you 're saying they 're a coherent , unified group . 
  which seems like racist nonsense to me . 
  i do n't think that can be defined . 
  op seems to think it can though . 
  do the quotes around my post not make it clear i am paraphrasing op ? 
  that the words are not my own ? 
  indeed , something i think is lost on op . 
  okay , i stopped at `` you started by saying that all black people act the same . '', 
  i did not . 
  i quoted what i understood op to be saying . 
  it 's sophistry to justify racism , to ignore history . 
  it was made clear when racism in american became about anything but racist americans . 
  yeah , but my karma 's going up , so i have that going for me . 
  i know that what racism is is n't determined by your race . 
  i think you mean op 's post . 
  unless you think racism in american only began with gangster culture , that chain-gangster culture never existed . 
  it is a horribly racist comment !, 
  that 's my point !, 
  unfortunately welfare is n't the only thing that will get people into work . 
  good wages and the availability of quality work is an essential factor . 
  rational people will take the poor quality of life that does n't require labour over the poor quality of life that does . 
  * breakfast *, 
  cause everyone was all about breakfast today . 
  pills are cheap , real help is n't . 
  personally i think anti-depressants as the sole treatment for depression is like treating gangrene with painkillers . 
  the person feels a bit better , but the illness remains . 
  `` it 's like they did n't think of the ramifications . '', 
  they were making laws that make things even more difficult for the homeless . 
  i doubt `` ramifications '' is even in their vocabulary . 
  `` now admits '' ? 
  psychiatry has been reviewing its practices since it began as a practice . 
  i think it 's been a long time since anyone 's genitals were electrocuted to cure homosexuality . 
  it depends on where you live as to what those terms effectively mean . 
  i really want epic scale battles at some point . 
  yeah , i wish we would invest more in helping people develop personal responsibility and get educated . 
  not many people relish a life where it takes a pack of cigs or bottle of grog to get through the week . 
  like you say , this country is plenty wealthy . 
  there 's no excuse to leave people languishing when they could be engaged and productive . 
  saturday ritual of walking to the local cafe for a coffee , then watching this week 's episode of naruto fresh from japan . 
  then who knows . 
  sunday will watch round the bays joggers if i wake up early enough . 
  we are all clear that feminism ! = women 's rights , right ? 
  i mean , this tumblr chick clearly is n't . 
  that 's what this sub is about , is n't it ? 
  feminism is about deconstructing the interplay of power and vulnerability , regardless of gender , race , age , or anything else . 
  right ? 
  i wonder what it 's like living in that world , where people are homeless cause it 's such a sweet lifestyle and the only way to discourage homelessness is to make it less appealing . 
  that 's feminism in the same way that homoeopathy is science . 
  study psychoanalytic literature for a spell , this becomes a light read . 
  that 's a picture , not a recipe . 
  i demand the recipe for these divine , obscene treats . 
  this reminds me of the snake eating its own tail . 
  probably about 80 % of [ pep web ] ( http://www.pep-web.org/ ) ? 
  i 'm being a bit tongue in cheek , but a couple of hours of reading some of what 's in there can leave the world throbbing , suffocating does n't begin to describe it . 
  what you do is everytime they pipe up , jump in with your own random , unrelated factoid :,
