  that job has to suck . 
  i saw the invoices , i needed to see them sometimes to raise issues with provisioning . 
  i discussed it with an old colleague , the company absorbed the charges , however that was apparently standard at the time . 
  my guess is chorus has become more aggressive with their charging . 
  people need justice . 
  if the multi-national force had stuck around and finished the job after tearing down the existing power structures in the region , people might be able to rely on rule-of-law for justice . 
  instead , this is what we left these people with . 
  if politicians started talking about the tppa i think we would see a lot more people attending these marches . 
  i think even john key will be surprised if he wins national the next election . 
  why was it we booted labour ? 
  oh that 's right , they were going to mess with our shower head pressure . 
   i 'm a realist - i know things wo n't change regardless of how upset the public gets . 
  you 're not a realist , you 're ignorant . 
  unless you 're saying the french revolution never happened . 
  or the equal rights movement of 60s never happened . 
  or any of the other countless social movements , large and small , that have led to widespread societal change . 
  it 's only ignorance that allows your views to persist . 
  it 's only ignorance that masks the difference between the rare occasional , expensive spying of the past and the comprehensive cheap , and readily exploited spying of today . 
  and the potential of what it could become . 
  you mean like inequality ? 
  in the future this will be how we `` go outside '' . 
   to replace mike sabin , who resigned as northland mp for personal reasons . 
  this is n't accurate . 
  that 's what sabin and the national party said , but we have since learnt that sabin resigned as he is facing criminal charges . 
  absolutely , given how much talk there was about when john key exactly found out when sabin would be facing charges . 
  it has been confirmed that sabin is facing charges . 
  this is known , not speculation . 
  it may be the media can only report on a `` police investigation that might result in charges '' , but ca n't specifically say there are charges ? 
  at the moment we can only say we do n't know sabin is facing charges in the same way we do n't know that 1 +1 = 2 before doing the math . 
  to channel my inner john key , i guess it depends what 's meant by `` facing charges '' . 
  it could be argued someone who is under police investigation could be considered as facing charges , and it has already been published that sabin is under police investigation . 
  is that one possibility is it ? 
  that he 's already completed the court process and none of us know about it ? 
  last sentence was the best :, 
   despite his principled stand today , moon has himself faced criticism in recent weeks from some who claim he stole his name from popular astronomical body the moon . 
  the writer is a fool - the age of the gun is ending . 
  so what if every citizen is armed with a gun if the ultra-rich own all the automated factories of the future , and a few of those factories pump out killer drones . 
  yes , it 's very effective . 
  this will be closer to the truth when isps consider network upgrades and decide against them , given they have to advise the government of the changes they make ( and assumably provide the relevant backdoors . ), 
  really ? 
  we can make variable wavelength photon emitters ? 
  do you have any more information on how they work ? 
  well that makes sense . 
  for a moment i thought you meant we could variably emit specific wavelengths of photons natively . 
  that would be next level . 
  just ... just ... just ... 
  quality insight right there , lolz . 
  if a donkey can convince all those lions to follow it , then that 's got to be some kind of donkey . 
  that is a definite plus of having flatmates from overseas . 
  they do n't seem surprised if you say what you mean . 
  the downside is they often are just catching up on the hit tunes of the '90s , which i really ca n't stand . 
  the girl who looked to get hit the worst sprung straight into action . 
   the only truly effective solution is forced exposure therapy , which is almost impossible for a therapist or anyone else to provide . 
  [ dbt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectical_behavior_therapy ) is shown to be very effective at treating a range of issues , including anxiety . 
  but no model of practice is perfect or suitable for everyone . 
  the best therapist is the one that matches you well . 
  this website lists a lot of local registered psychotherapists :, 
  i 'd be eager to engage in that disciplinary process . 
  i 'd be quite fascinated to see how they would meet their employer obligations in ensuring i was sufficiently resourced to `` keep it real '' . 
  it could be that expensive . 
  replacing a laptop motherboard borderlines on replacing the laptop itself . 
  it probably wo n't be an easy swap either , laptops prioritise compact size over easy to access . 
  personally i would n't hand over a computer for repair without first removing the hard drive . 
  you should have that all backed up ( be prepared for tears in the future if you do n't ) , but i still would n't want a stranger being able to access as you say `` my life '' . 
  and being ridiculous is okay . 
  not realising you 're being ridiculous is problematic . 
  the wireless continue to deliver . 
  making a cake/hanging out with family . 
  two-for-one with an awesome treat at the end . 
  fractals are nature . 
  sounds like those runners , expo people , hostesses and bussers are redundant !, 
  you 're all that 's needed for the job . 
  `` hey guys , it 's me . 
  facebones ! '', 
  somehow i think this will be voted down 59-61 in the first reading . 
  i get the feeling that fellow would be happy to step forward or back to let you pass . 
  it 's a nightmare that an essential part of a functioning democracy can be owned by private interests . 
  it 's disgusting how much influence murdoch has in all of our lives because he understands the power of media and has the resources to control a significant slice of the media landscape . 
  you might be right . 
  i guess i 'm used to avoiding people going about their business . 
  except the book salesmen masquerading as monks on queen st. 
  they piss me off . 
   i just think it undermines a school 's ability to punish students for bringing the school into disrepute . 
  good . 
  anything that undermines a school 's ability to use its power over its students is a good thing . 
  got away with what ? 
  it 's not like these guys are the roast busters or anything . 
  i do n't like the authoritarian nature of schools . 
  schools should use their power for children , not over them . 
  given you seem to only be able to assume someone thinks your way or is a moron , no doubt you are all for using schools for oppression . 
  you probably ca n't top [ ramen do ] ( http://www.ramendo.co.nz/ ) for ramen in auckland . 
  i do n't know about meeting your requirements however . 
  the article lost me at :, 
   it 's about a decent hard-working guy merely trying to build a house . 
  what 's some mere about building a house ? 
  `` no problem winston . '', 
  gosh , if only it were true that meeting human needs was n't a big deal . 
  the question is , do we let the children of incapable parents suffer in the effort to avoid letting irresponsible parents getting away with it ? 
  if irresponsible parenting is responsible what is the government doing to care for children of irresponsible parents ? 
  or are children of nz expected to accept their lot .
