  so glad the league dodged that bullet . 
  my goodness . 
  what do you do , tie a bunch of kayaks together and chill for a bit ? 
  sounds a bit like ocean madness may have set in , imo . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  i did n't realise `` offshore '' include islets . 
  it really did sound like going out and camping on the ocean in my ignorance . 
  and any excuse to say `` ocean madness '' really , haha . 
  are you kidding ? 
  many like op here come to cry . 
  others come to rage , others to celebrate , others still to anguish . 
  it 's a rich tapestry . 
  this is the coolest part of the story imo :, 
   the painting was sent to houston for inspection in late march . 
  it was , as ms. fleischman had already discovered , * still in its original frame and in near-perfect condition * , protected from wear by the original glass . 
  '' i was 99 percent certain that this painting would never leave houston , '' ms. neff said . 
  but please save some rage for the state of our community mental health services . 
  i think mr tamaki would be a lot less successful if there were n't so many broken down people in the community for destiny to sweep up . 
  translated : `` i think a lot about the sex other people are having . '', 
  / r/shutupandtakemymoney, 
  seriously , i want one . 
  the guy clearly spends a lot of time working out . 
  you think he 'd spend a * little * time testing his capacity to run through solid objects before a public demonstration ... 
  i cut back my playing when it inevitably got too competitive . 
  not a big enough player pool , those who did play got better and better . 
  while fun , a round could be exhausting . 
  eventually the player base died , i could n't just jump in and play , so that was that . 
  i loved this and mnc so much though . 
  both the game dynamics and the style & presentation were so much fun . 
  * so much fun . 
   the vast majority of white people never experience a single thing that you just rattled off, 
  ftfy, 
  the worst is coming home to play computer games and realising you 're too tired . 
   this means that some distant objects that we can observe today , will not be observable in the future . 
   everything outside our observational sphere can be thought of as another universe, 
  if an object 's movement away from us exceeds the speed of light , would this really mean it 's not part of our universe any more ? 
  i agree there ca n't be any further influence from that object , however our universe would still feel the effects of the influence it did have , right ? 
  likewise i wonder about the very early universe when there was essentially no space . 
  would n't everything that occupied that space that did exist that 's now beyond influencing us , still have historical influences ? 
  and even further in the future still the galaxy may be torn apart , perhaps even atoms and anything else that occupies space . 
  assuming space continues to expand as it is . 
  but what i wonder is what counts as `` the observable universe '' . 
  all that 's observable now , or all that our universe has observed ? 
  and is there a difference ? 
   first , the object is not really moving faster than the speed of light ... 
  i appreciate this , hence my wording `` movement away from us '' , which is what is effectively the case . 
   the cmb is , in essence , a map of that early universe, 
  is it an infinite map or finite ? 
  can we use this to speculate on op 's question ? 
  does the cmb show details that would have existed prior to the period of hyper-inflation , or only the result afterwards ? 
  but what you 're saying is the cmb could show us things that have since left our observable universe ? 
  just trying to connect what you 're saying relative to op 's question . 
  my question is is this sphere static ? 
  it seems that it is n't because there are currently things in our sphere that will one day be outside of it . 
  so what i wonder is , if we go back far enough , specifically before the early period of hyper-inflation , would this observable sphere have contained all energy that exists in the universe ( beyond what exists in the observable universe now ) . 
  or at least much more than what exists in the universe now . 
  i assume there are countless more cases like this in the us . 
  it 's so horribly grim . 
  i did it !, 
  it works !, 
   edit : did i really need to put an / s at the end ? 
  yeah , i reckon !, 
  if a screened jury says an atrocity is okay , well it must be . 
  people are allowed their responses . 
  if responses to your justice system are resulting in riots , then something is wrong with your justice system . 
  what 's happening here do you think ? 
  misdirected emotion ? 
  or a growing movement in the face of ongoing and escalating police brutality ? 
  most of what you just posted is in strong contrast to a non-violent man being killed by a police officer who faces no charges . 
  i wonder how we would know if police brutality is escalating beyond how people are responding to it ? 
  who would fund that research , define the scope of the research , present the results ? 
  it seems more likely that given the position of power the police are in , and the general tendency in the us to value power over vulnerability , that the situation is much worse than the perception . 
  it 's just that thanks to the modern media landscape perception is catching up with reality . 
  no one is going to pay attention to an individual 's thesis at the national level i do n't think . 
  if only because a single study is of limited value . 
  these interactions often go horribly for the people being subjected to police authority . 
  it 's a trend that cops are brutal to the most vulnerable in their communities . 
  the particular special significance placed on the events that make it to public awareness may be rare , but people getting systematically fucked over by the cops is not . 
  i think what you 're saying is in stark contrast with what can be observed in us communities . 
  because , you know , you guys have got rioting and nationwide protests . 
  there are bad cops all over the world , no other country at least in the anglosphere is having riots and nationwide protests in response to police behaviour . 
  or pretty much any other nation . 
  i think you 're missing the point there are riots . 
  there are bad apples in all police forces . 
  but where are the nationwide protests ? 
  where are the riots ? 
  not in any other anglosphere nation , that 's for sure . 
  it 's not just those that get killed , it 's those that have to expect and comply with routine arrest or have your life at risk . 
  i just ca n't see how that can stand for long . 
  knowing history and humanity . 
  and the cracks are starting to show . 
  you have found your sandwich . 
  it 's all anyone can hope for . 
  try doing that with a cat . 
  my understanding is that jealousy is for something you want that another has , envy is for something you do n't want another to have . 
  it might be sadder that it 's likely this girl 's mother probably had a similar childhood , and this girl is likely to put another child through the same . 
  note to self : weetbix from the dairy taste like the dairy . 
  buy weetbix from the supermarket instead . 
  it depends on their dairy . 
  i suggest using your sense of smell .
