  there are n't . 
  looking closely and carefully a serious researcher find other factors being the cause of poverty . 
  you 're misusing the word `` draconian '' . 
  freedom of choice is the opposite of draconian . 
   we are talking about the welfare system, 
  no , i 'm talking about western colonialism . 
   the reality is that they would n't be in poverty if they did n't have children . 
  this is baseless . 
  again , you are asking humans not to be human . 
  tell me , do you have a basis for this other than your own observations and musings ? 
   published works about what ? 
  about poverty and its causes . 
  about what it takes to raise a child , what child needs are . 
  about human development and behaviour , what we are , what we do . 
  there is more than 100 years of solid research in these domains . 
  you appear to be ignorant of the lot . 
  i 'm responding to a specific individual 's claims . 
  you do n't seem to be following that thread . 
  it 's the context of this over-arching system that poverty exists in , in our society . 
  that 's an oversimplification . 
  you can be simple if you choose . 
  it 's a complex issue that requires complex thinking . 
  simple judgements like your own help no one . 
  seriously , what are you going to do ? 
  sterilise the population , with rich people only able to access in-vitro treatment ? 
  further deprive struggling parents ? 
  she 's a complex person living a complex life - just like anyone else . 
  a few data points provide little insight into her world . 
  why she is having another child is about as easy to answer as the question of why we do anything at all . 
   it 's not complex at all, 
  you can say that all you like . 
  but that 's all you can do . 
   just how fucking dumb are these people ? 
  that 's a good question , if framed crudely . 
  these are the kind of questions good research investigates . 
  the problem here seems to be is you do n't want to accept the answers to these questions , except where the answers allow you to lay the blame on those in poverty . 
  those are parts of being human , yes . 
  i would not say as central as reproduction , but indeed we acknowledge these aspects of our nature and have ways of dealing with them . 
  we do n't expect people not to engage in these activities . 
  rather we account for and attempt to mitigate these behaviours . 
  we do understand what leads people in poverty to have a lot of children . 
  it 's nothing what is being claimed here . 
  it 's certainly not that having children leads to poverty . 
  although as an aside , we do quite poorly at the moment in nz in regards to rape , given we 've allowed our community rape crisis services and acc 's sensitive claims service to collapse is recent years . 
  you will see that sexual crimes will increase in coming years due to the indirect consequences of the collapse of these services , if we 're not seeing them already . 
  then they 'll slump again as people give up on reporting the crimes . 
  then we 'll have a jump in childhood behaviour problems as children grow up in the homes of traumatised parents . 
   that would n't change the fact that for whatever reason the act of her having another child has done nothing to improve her financial situation, 
  sure . 
  the thing is , people are not their financial situation . 
  ignorance lets us believe all kinds of things . 
  society understands the concept of shared responsibility . 
  * sigh *, 
  i mean the society we live in is one where shared responsibility is generally understood by its participants , particularly by those in a position to hold people to account . 
  if you want to understand this more , look at the judgements from our justice system . 
  you will notice that often a sentence will be reduced due to circumstances others are responsible for , such as traumatic family circumstances - those others not usually having to face punishment themselves . 
  now that you accept shared responsibility , let me point out that shared responsibility goes beyond criminality . 
  if i support a society that marginalises a group of people , i will be partly responsible for their plight . 
  we can be all smug when someone makes a choice we deem bad , but only if we ignore how often people are only left with bad choices . 
   they are n't only left with bad choices , they can choose not to have children !, 
  for some people that 's the * worst * choice . 
  for others it 's not even seen as a choice . 
  you 're free to judge these people all you like , hero . 
   on the note of shared responsibility - i 'll let you know when i purchase a car i ca n't afford so you can help with the payments . 
  thanks . 
  lolz , it sounds like you 're equating reproduction with car ownership . 
  it seems to me you are doing whatever you can to feel justified in your judgements . 
  information or insight that might undermine these judgements are to be ignored . 
  what a brave hero you are . 
  not that you 're making sense . 
  one does n't have to pay a thing to have a child . 
  if i 'm wrong , explain the gulf between your understanding of poverty/human reproduction and what is understood by trained professionals and researchers in relevant domains of expertise . 
  but one does n't have to pay a thing to have a child . 
  i think we 've come to and end of this discussion . 
  i feel i 've done a sufficient job of demonstrating you only believe what you want to believe and your judgements are more important to you than any child . 
  do you know how we account for our biases ? 
  with independent , peer reviewed , time tested research . 
  do you know of any ? 
  i do . 
  in fact i can name a number of theories on human development and behaviour of contemporary significance . 
  i can point to research showing that the more resourced people are , the less compelled they are to have children . 
  would you like me to ? 
  it has n't been asked of me so far . 
  can you do the same for your alternative views ? 
  indeed . 
  now we can understand this with simple judgements . 
  or we can do careful and sophisticated research . 
  which indeed has been underway for at least a century . 
  did you know in the 50s it was considered that babies did not need love ? 
  that they did n't need to feel the care and warmth of an adult ? 
  that 's what we used to believe . 
  some people still believe this . 
  but our research has come a long way . 
  now we have hospitals like starship . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  grow up . 
  or stay a child , whatever . 
  the way you twist the meaning of my words is not something that is in my control . 
  so i guess child it is . 
  you know , because that 's really the only place word games have currency : amongst children .
