  you do n't know that , that 's your assumption . 
  begging ca n't be a great way to earn money . 
  clearly we have a situation where someone is willing to put up with shit to make money . 
  why are n't there better opportunities for such a person ? 
  or why is such a person not able to access three opportunities , should they exist ? 
  why is this problem worse now ? 
  10 years ago we were n't having to find solutions to this problem . 
  they `` distanced '' themselves from the statement , but they still said it . 
  a statement they would not be able to publicly make , even if it were , due to their position . 
  i agree it 's weak evidence , but it 's still evidence , and it fits with other more robust evidence . 
  i envy mark twain . 
  he died before having to witness a world war . 
  we 're lucky to have dr o'sullivan . 
  i just ca n't imagine spacex 's success comes from cutting corners . 
  i 'm flattered and humbled . 
  `` i said consummate v 's ! '', 
  the article does n't go into detail about how the new rta tackles poor landlord behaviour . 
  unless i overlooked something ? 
  aussies do n't put up with that shit . 
  fair dinkum n ' all that . 
  you would n't know majesty of it hit you in the face, 
  i guess success and the absence of critical failure are the true measures . 
  i do n't have any particular concern or opinion about jim 's situation . 
  my issue is with the continued under funding of critical services and what impact that is having on our community . 
  there is no arguing with the irrational . 
  people attending are going to make assumptions , usually that support their existing biases . 
  seeing a respected person at this event may give it some semblance of legitimacy . 
  if you want to address an irrational belief , facing it head on with argument will only strengthen it . 
  people hold irrational beliefs for rational reasons . 
  these rational reasons are what need to be understood , not anti-vax bullshit . 
   not true there 's millions of people who 've had irrational beliefs changed by reasoned arguments . 
  more often with mistaken beliefs than irrational ones . 
  it really depends on how strongly someone needs to hold onto an irrational belief . 
  people can be driven to psychosis , need be . 
   you 're just making a blanket assumption that allows you to discard all those people as a lost cause . 
  everyone holds irrational beliefs , it 's part of being human and pretending it 's somehow impossible to change them is retarded . 
  that 's your extrapolation , not what i said . 
  as i did say addressing an irrational belief involves understanding its rational basis - why a person needs to hold to this belief . 
  something that is often more difficult and less gratifying than forming a sound argument , particularly when the belief holds obvious deficit . 
  i am making a blanket statement , as suits the context . 
  i believe it 's a correct one . 
  if you know better i 'm interested to hear . 
  the important thing to remember is if you argue with someone * they get to argue back . 
  10 minutes from cbd is n't central ? 
  well , yeah i do . 
  they 're not north/south/east / west ... 
  i 've lived in each except west . 
  but yeah , it 's a good spot . 
  just a bit more urban than i think many aucklanders are used to . 
  out of curiosity , where would you say the suburbs you mentioned are situated ? 
  facts are good for trump like water is good for the wicked witch of the west . 
  i 'm not interested in this case . 
  i 'm interested in chronic underfunding , which we 're seeing more evidence of here . 
   a few dodgy cunts in their 20s or 30s acting suspect as fuck . 
  yeah , the getting is good if you 're a dodgy cunt right now . 
  this kinda shit goes on all the fucking time , the outcome rarely so benign . 
  you can get away with it , you do n't have to worry about your victims getting it together enough to hold you accountable . 
  idiots who say stupid things are just as dangerous as hitler , amirite ? 
  we can expert more of this and worse in the coming years . 
  it will take a decade of robust social policy based in academia not ideology before we will see improving social conditions again . 
  until then , we 're circling the drain . 
   the fact is that more men smoke than get sexually abused and that is a fact, 
  your certainty suggests you could easily cite your sources , or at least the basis for your understanding ... 
   fuck i hate these sorts of surveys . 
  yeah , but no one is funding more robust research . 
  and if the research was more robust , it would n't be suitable for mainstream publication , due to the complex factors involved . 
  for instance , many abuse survivors do n't want to admit even to themselves that the abuse happened . 
  ford aged , unlike the hosts . 
  so it would mean either he was made much more advanced tech than the other early hosts , or he regularly was re-manufactured to be slightly older . 
  neither option really makes much sense . 
  unsurprisingly everyone that is assigned to investigate the abuse resigns due to being unable to effectively investigate . 
  yeah , it already looked plenty bombed up , not sure why it needed another go . 
  guess they had to do something with all those munitions ... 
  hunger is n't due to a lack of food , but rather our economic model that withholds food so it can be used to compel people to work shitty jobs for little money . 
  so you 're suggesting op should rustle their jimmy ? 
  which only further exacerbates your interests being ignored . 
  politicians only exist by considering the interests of demonstrated voters ( which these days is mostly old people voting for a comfortable retirement . ), 
  and the copyright is probably still valid . 
  or will be when the tpp passes . 
   we are looking for someone that is fairly independent & enjoys their own space but you are certainly be welcome to use the main kitchen . 
  read : we do n't want you in the house , you desperate fuck . 
  debt in of itself is n't a problem . 
  in fact debt makes good sense if you can afford to service it and the money is spent in ways that result in higher economic activity . 
  given our very low debt-gdp ratio , and our struggling social services that in turn leaves people struggling to engage in economic activity , we could stand to have more debt . 
  we do . 
  still worth it . 
  in many cases , certainly . 
  but i do n't think that people who want to live differently than the majority should always be called mentally ill , even if their behaviour is strange to us . 
  not if we want a truly free society . 
  for instance if we assume the gentleman op posted is not addicted , if he has a family or community that is shocked and dismayed at what has happened to him , then mental illness may be a good consideration . 
  however it may be those who know him are n't surprised at what he has committed himself to , knowing his temperament and circumstances of origin . 
  then he 's just a guy doing his thing , no diagnosis needed . 
  he does appear happy and well in the picture . 
   we have n't had a marmite shortage in years, 
  i ca n't believe this is a true thing . 
  i would expect this from a taika waititi movie . 
  my flatmate 's gf got quite dissilussioned during her training . 
  she went in wanting to help the kids , came out knowing how to teach the curriculum instead . 
  she 's completed the training , but i doubt she 'll go on to teach any time soon . 
  jealous .
