  on one hand i do n't trust our current leaders to do anything but line their own pockets . 
  on the other hand if the us is against it , maybe it 's not such a bad idea ? 
  you do n't have to be corrupt to line your own pockets . 
  you just make sure your interests are tended to first . 
  i think corruption in china and nz are on completely different levels and mean quite different things . 
  besides , you do n't need to be corrupt to ensure money and resources are being spent to protect your interests . 
  you mean do i have an example where national on one hand say there is n't funding for a vulnerable group , while at the same time also say we can afford to continue funding a different group who likely do n't need the money ? 
  is that the kind of example you 're asking for , or do you mean something else ? 
   i do n't trust our current leaders to do anything but line their own pockets . 
  i 'm not sure how i would substantiate my lack of trust ? 
   you just make sure your interests are tended to first . 
  would pointing to the government admitting nz can afford to spend a billion dollars on national 's voter base , while at the same time cutting funding to services requiring millions because apparently we ca n't afford those services be substantive ? 
  because i can produce that evidence . 
  if not , can you give me an idea of what you would consider substantive ? 
  there 's a place next door that 's like that . 
  sold , done up , sold again , now it 's empty . 
  a couple of years now . 
  how often does something go really wrong during these races ? 
  not `` we 're out of the race '' wrong , but `` we 'll never race again '' wrong . 
  really ? 
  trademe stipulates you have to accept applicants that you would ultimately reject ? 
  it 's not against the law or human rights to choose who you live with . 
  being introverted and boring will count against you in some flats . 
  a positive in others . 
  i have found flat hunting difficult in the past without being indian . 
  sometimes it 's the time of year , sometimes it 's just random luck . 
  persevere , good luck !, 
  yeah , i 'm totes up for that . 
  great shot of the galaxy at the end . 
  it 's crazy how clear it can get in some parts of nz . 
  i suspect the board was simply not up to the grim task of making cuts demanding by the government . 
  custard ? 
  i * love * custard !, 
   wanting exclusive rights to use , and to deny use of , aka : `` owning '' things of value is something encoded in our dna . 
  kids reveal it when they say : `` mine ! '' . 
  you 're incorrect , at least in this regard . 
  by the time a kid can say `` mine '' they have already experienced significant socio-cultural development . 
  [ identification with an aggressor ] ( http://medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/identification+with+an+aggressor ) . 
  that was my first thought , i was all thinking `` wow , that must be interesting to approach '' . 
  then i noticed the sub and took a second look . 
  i guess my thought stays the same . 
  there are no invalids in russia !, 
  what i would do for a couple of ecstasy based psychotherapy sessions . 
  there 's plenty of [ good emerging science ] ( https://scholar.google.co.nz/scholar?as_ylo=2015&amp;q=mdma+psychotherapy ) showing that it 's effective at treating a range of issues around trauma and anxiety . 
  it kinda sucks , but i ca n't fault people doing what they can to get by , particularly in these tough times . 
  i just put on my wipers if they start to approach . 
  in nz we have a very strong culture around what people put on their heads , this needs to be respected . 
  yeah , it turns out in fact that dietary fads are what 's bad . 
  perhaps , but the treatments i 've seen so far only use mdma in one or two sessions as part of a larger treatment program . 
  there 's no need for ongoing usage . 
  are those weapons legit ? 
  cause if they are i sure as hell would n't be all casual and inattentive around the guys carrying them . 
  i have n't seen them do that in years , at least not in the auckland cbd . 
  they 're all business in the 09 , hawking books is their game . 
  maybe it 's a time of day thing . 
  i like that they do n't really demand anything of anyone . 
  they 're just there doing their thing . 
  i get annoyed by them because they act all like they 're spiritual , but when they hit you up on the street and they find out you want to talk spiritual matters rather than buying a book , they turn cold . 
  they ask $ 5 for one of those books , yet they would n't cost 50c to produce . 
  the real news is too grim , might lead to people demanding change , upsetting the status quo . 
   so , overall , amongst this big spiel , what i 'm trying to determine , is how long should i spend looking for the ideal role , before i put a contingency plan into action . 
  it depends on your circumstances . 
  listening to yours , not too long . 
  i do n't like nz 's labelling of mince . 
  this is a rare instance i prefer what they do in the us . 
  mince ( or hamburger as it 's often called ) is labelled with its fat percentage rather than vague statements of `` premium '' and `` prime '' or whatever is used . 
  i remember watching this not so long ago as part of a `` what else of harrison ford 's have n't i seen '' whim . 
  decent film for what it is . 
  i thought you meant this [ super mario bros ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108255/ ) which ca n't have been the first . 
  13yr old me thought it was awesome , btw . 
  mainly for the goombas . 
  very cool . 
  a different kind of ship in the harbour back in the day . 
  because she 's creepy and gross ? 
  there are definitely models of human behaviour that offer explanations for what you 're experiencing , it 's hard to generalise though , humans are exceedingly complex . 
  the more important question will be what are you going to do about it ? 
   i notice everything everyone does all the time . 
  more likely you call all that you notice `` everything '' despite there being much more going on than you observe . 
  i mean , you could be a savant of course , or have some other special capacity . 
  generally though we 're not very good at noticing what might be beyond our awareness . 
  humans are exceedingly complex . 
  any generalised statement about human behaviour is only ever very limited in its scope and applicability . 
  the value of good and evil as a concept for understanding ourselves and others has been in question at least since whoever wrote [ genesis 2:17 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=genesis+2%3a17&amp;version=nkjv ) . 
  nzherald 's staff probably think they 're doing good journalism because they have jobs in journalism and their bosses tell them `` good job ! '', 
  the owners of the nzherald on the other hand ... 
  oh my goodness , i can see * everything * . 
  i experience a deep rage at the thought of prosecuting children as adults , just so us actual adults can enjoy our justice boners . 
  it tells me that we can treat our children as we please . 
  neglect them , hurt them , fuck 'em . 
  who cares ? 
  they start acting out as a result of this mistreatment ? 
  they should know better . 
  the little cunts . 
  that 's what the justice system is telling me right now . 
  this opinion was n't popular last time i shared it . 
  it does mean that crime and violence is normal to them and they will be acting in a way that is coherent with the values of those around them . 
  but of course , all responsibility on the child , no responsibility on those who failed to raise them . 
  it was poorly phrased , but the sentiment is valid . 
  i mean , you 're not expecting to find the behaviour on the 10 children to be normally distributed do you ? 
  a couple of high achievers , a bulk of average kids and a couple of bad apples ?
