  i long ago surrendered what 's good for what 's real . 
  it and is are very broad . 
  do you have any particular areas of proficiency ? 
  what 's your final project ? 
  maybe you need to find your niche and focus a bit more ? 
  how do you feel about your job ? 
  what do the fish feed on ? 
  i did n't catch what they live on ? 
  surely not only mosquito larvae ? 
  geez , lucky they have that shield on the front , that guy nearly got splashed !, 
  for every case of this nature you hear about there are hundreds more you do n't . 
  the cases you hear about are only ones that stand out for some reason , e.g. 
  the culprit holds an important office or the offending was particularly lurid . 
  most do n't end with prosecution , and most victims do n't get the help they need to recover . 
  between sunrise and midnight = before midnight . 
  between midnight and sunrise = after midnight . 
  yes , that would make sense . 
  reckon that 'll help ease the housing crisis ? 
  maybe we need more campaigns like this ? 
  the slogan could be like :, 
  there 's not much happening , eh ? '', 
  i think this where you need to work . 
  you probably ca n't stop hating your job , but convince yourself that it 's still worth doing for the time being . 
  so that when morning comes at your least convinced , you have some ammo to get yourself up and on your way . 
  are you unaware of how acc 's sensitive claims service collapsed ? 
  they went from thousands of successful applicants to dozens . 
  also , it depends what you mean by `` able '' . 
  sexual trauma can cripple a person 's sense of self-belief , that they deserve help , good things for themselves . 
  they may also have distrust for people in positions of responsibility . 
  if we want to help victims on this kind of trauma , we need to be active in reaching out and offering help . 
  and given what we understand about the long term societal ramifications of untreated trauma i think we do want to help these victims . 
  but really it is clear to see that in nz at the moment if you get fucked , you can get fucked . 
  it 's a nightmare . 
  if we vote the current lot in again , we should expect this . 
  everything national does seems to be with the aim of entrenching their power base , rather than working for the country . 
  evidence for this being the housing crisis ( great for richest , potentially a disaster for the rest ) and community health services , particularly mental health ( people barely able to cope with day-to-day life are n't very well equipped to engage in political discourse ) . 
  `` but john key is such a great leader ! '', 
  correlation is an important part of science . 
  the problem is when this is considered all that is required to make a conclusion . 
   oh and when was this collapse ? 
  dozens ? 
  sure you are n't exaggerating a little bit there ? 
  perhaps a litte . 
  from [ 2011 in 2009 to 135 in 2011 ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/267591/acc-overhauls-sexual-abuse-care-service ) and i doubt it improved by the time they overhauled the service in 2015 . 
  it was n't exactly a [ new problem ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/56426/report-criticises-acc%27s-handling-of-sensitive-claims ) . 
  there are definitely quality services to be found , and individual practitioners thriving despite the grim circumstances . 
  however i know from working in the industry and my colleagues that there has been a significant degradation of these services in the past few years and there are many who will indeed be left disappointed . 
  there are news articles as old as probably 2008 and as recent as this month about services facing cuts and being closed with only vague justification by the government . 
  i 'm an advocate for speaking out over silence . 
  so did this really happen ? 
  quality thug life vid either way . 
  nation-statehood , its nature and function are going to be up for grabs by mid next century i reckon . 
  it will be interesting to see what goes down . 
  that 's one thing some voters demand . 
  certainly those in a good economic position use that position to make their voice heard about their desire for further economic growth . 
  however many would prefer greater equality , improved wellbeing , the long-term survival of our species , stuff like that . 
  a good volume of voters will vote for what they think will be a less distressing life , without really knowing what will lead to a less distressing life . 
  for example , if a leader was to speak loudly and clearly about more money for the country , someone distressed with their financial situation might vote for that leader , not understanding that perhaps all that money will go to a few people and in fact less money will come their way . 
  i thought it was the [ duchess of cambridge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iu7z8qx.jpg ) . 
  pretty much any psychological term used by a layperson is going to be off . 
  quit acting like a teena ... oh , nevermind , carry on . 
  use protection . 
  keep in mind that you may want to respect yourself in the future . 
  nothing sage . 
  how we feel about our choices now and how we might feel about those choices can change as we grow . 
  our relationships and how we handle them are something significant to many . 
  we often use them to help inform ourselves about who we are . 
  exactly what the case is for you , i do n't know . 
  no one really knows your circumstances better than you . 
  i 'm offering you something to reflect on , but only if it seems of worth to you . 
  national has laid out their election loss on the silver platter . 
  someone just needs to reach out and take it , while not getting caught up in whatever bullshit narrative national cooks up . 
  indeed , i initially assumed it was made by / u/editingandlayout . 
  computer lounge for service and high-end gear . 
  pbtech for low-cost . 
  radionz and news.google.com . 
  so why would you use this over other kinds of valves ? 
  ah , this would explain why my favourite no1 bbq restaurant closed down when their lease expired . 
  i think some local landlords are confusing rising property prices with rising prosperity . 
  i do n't think locals have the cash to support business that have to pay these kinds of rents . 
   needless to say they are well within their rights to take this matter to court but perhaps money could be spent better elsewhere like helping their people ... 
  helping the vulnerable is currently out of vogue , at least in auckland . 
  the big thing at the moment is holding on to as much cash as you can so maybe you can own some property . 
  maori , pakeha , overseas investor , it 's all the same . 
   care to explain then ? 
  it 's not very helpful to read ancient literature as if it 's a children 's book . 
  a child might read a story and ask `` did that really happen ? 
  '' , whereas our adult capacities allow for much more sophisticated inspection , allowing us to ask much more interesting questions . 
   what a fucking cunt . 
  ban him for life , make an example out of him . 
  i do n't think 11 year olds would understand the significance of the punishment over more mild ( yet still serious ) discipline . 
   in fact given the frequency with which this happening , if they really want to make a statement , cancel all sport for the rest of the season . 
  i think this is closer to bringing consequences to those who are responsible , i.e. 
  parents and other adults in the community . 
  children are n't born violent and angry , they grow to be this way . 
  email is an archaic technology relative to most of what 's running over the internet . 
  when do you think you 'll be able to afford proper treatment ? 
  if not soon just get it pulled because that 's what you 'll do have to do anyway . 
  may as well save yourself the pain . 
  i 'm conflicted about this .
