  hahahah , that must have been embarrassing . 
  it reminds me a little of the book ready player 1 . 
  so , still the same coh1 , but with good matchmaking now ? 
  should n't we be assuming at this point that the us/five-eyes spied on all the things ? 
  aw yeah baby !, 
  that 's the law where i live : if a public holiday falls on a day you would normally work , your employer has to pay you . 
  if you are made to work , you get paid time +1 / 2 and you get to take a paid day off at another time . 
  our economy has yet to collapse . 
  sweet , it 's probably a form of carbon sequestration as well . 
  i would n't be as a father would not be going through the same hormonal fuck-you as a mother does while going through childbirth . 
  that said , infanticide is fucked up and a psychiatric assessment should be the starting point for anyone who commits it . 
  it 's hard to imagine this is the act of a sound mind . 
  so what you 're saying is that a psychiatric assessment should be the starting point for anyone who commits infanticide . 
  if only i had covered that base . 
  you 'll note i said * the same * `` fuck-you 's '' . 
  you 'll need strong evidence to convince me watching one 's wife go through nine months of pregnancy and give birth is the same as going through nine months of pregnancy and giving birth . 
  you 'll need strong evidence to convince me watching one 's wife go through nine months of pregnancy and give birth is the same as going through nine months of pregnancy and giving birth . 
  i do n't deny it . 
  not the same changes though . 
  for one , they do n't have a living person inside them with a distinct biology that they eject . 
  you might have read that , but that 's not what i said . 
  i quite clearly said * the same * hormonal changes . 
  no back tracking . 
  if you think giving birth and watching your child being birthed do n't have significant differences , i think you 're confused . 
  actually , by pointing out that men do n't go through the * same * hormonal changes , i 'm pointing out that men go through hormonal changes . 
  if you need to read it differently , i ca n't do anything about that . 
  indeed , which is why i would still expect a man to go through the same psychiatric evaluation as a woman . 
  if you 're crazy , you 're crazy . 
  the originating source is not really that relevant ( unless you 're into judging and blaming crazy people . ), 
  i did not deny it . 
  the foetus ( a unique biology with its own hormones that exists in the mother 's body ) is relevant . 
  that ppd is more common in woman should be you first clue . 
  that 's mrw i know my history is clear , and i have n't been browsing anything dodgy anyway . 
  it just feels like as soon as someone is on my pc surely some buried secret shame is just waiting to pop out . 
  that 's probably how you get honours . 
   unfortunately , it also meant that i inadvertently triggered other people 's difficult emotions when i was talking about what i was learning . 
  my partner , in particular , had a rough time of it for a while . 
  i certainly have notably fewer relationships since studying psychotherapy . 
  it 's hard to see when you 're vigorously trying to work out your own issues that your grappling is impacting those around you . 
  they look nom . 
  what 's the recipe ? 
  imo brussel sprouts are not acceptable . 
  i 've bought a few , i like the different things they can do . 
  i do n't really strategize , i 'm just like `` i wan na play with heavy mortars/special tanks/etc this game . '', 
  i bought the game cheap though from a retailer , i can see why people would be sore paying more money if they 've already paid the full steam price . 
  every day is a day i like snoop more . 
  it 's apple , baby !, 
  strawberry jam on toast . 
  which is n't all that small if one considers all that 's required for it to be a small thing for me . 
  someone * wrote * to spike lee ? 
  the gall of the man !, 
  cheap trick indeed . 
  i do n't understand long-shitters . 
  who wants to hang about in the loo ? 
  both this and the one you made for / u/emeraldend look fantastic . 
  i 'd love one in some vibrant blues if you 're feeling generous . 
  nom . 
  i shall make some this very day !, 
  i loved olivia , and really her awkward chemistry was part of her character , given her traumatic history . 
  that 's so ridiculous i 'm almost angry . 
  you enjoy oglaf exactly the right amount . 
  so when will we know what kind of light show this will put on ? 
  horrifying . 
  a mate of mine once accidentally used his girlfriend voice in front of me ( speaking to his girlfriend . ), 
  the look on his face when he realised was priceless . 
  almost like accidentally calling your teacher `` mum '' . 
  i would really like [ apple cinnamon cheerios ] ( http://www.cheerios.com/en/products/apple-cinnamon.aspx ) . 
  they are so freaking good , i do n't know why we only get the plain version over here . 
  that cat , is well startled . 
  do n't do that . 
  do n't . 
  people do n't need to be seeing pictures of spiders . 
  it 's drawn , it 's left laying around , bam , someone sees it and that 's just uncalled for . 
  well , that 's a disappointing spoiler . 
  thanks for that . 
  one less subscriber for this subreddit . 
  too bad . 
  geez , opening voting over 30 days . 
  all the results will tell us is which show has the most obsessive fans . 
  to me they 're still high and mighty . 
  and i am mighty jealous . 
  national doing its bit to ensure plenty of labour available for low-skill jobs in the coming decades . 
  i 'm a fan-boyeeee , i get what you 're saying , however i thought things came together for them in the end . 
  the struggling chemistry i think accurately reflected the difficulties they faced in their relationship . 
  you know , with the crazy drug testing , multiple versions of each other , etc. 
  wow , that 's awesome thanks !, 
  this is an excellent point , i was being glib . 
  the current state of education is no doubt influenced by numerous factors including the previous government and even the one prior to that . 
  nice post . 
  it 's disappointing how some people know a certain aspect of scientific knowledge really well , yet do n't really understand science or epistemology . 
  and yet they espouse science hard , will little awareness that much of human life exists outside of what can be described by science . 
  too much to miss out on imo . 
  mcwilliams is amazing . 
  very contemporary psycholanalytic/psychodynamic writing . 
  i really enjoyed karen maroda 's psychodynamic techniques . 
  also will add my voice for mcwilliams and yalom , which have already been recommended . 
  creativity being divergence that produces a desirable result ? 
  doing something different that produces something someone wants . 
  which implies that creativity occurs within the group as much as the individual . 
  good thing for mmp eh ?
