  and i hope to see it again many times in the future . 
  wait , what ? 
  that show is still going ? 
  holy ... 
  i thought this was from / r/citiesskylines for a moment . 
  i wonder if this explains the jump in the name `` jeremy '' in the late 60s ? 
  the deadpool trailer got me wondering , i was hoping to hear from ryan reynolds . 
  well , that is what a solipsist would say . 
  just like a solipsist would claim to know what a psychologist would realise without being a psychologist themselves . 
  unless ... ? 
  i did tell you several posts back that the conversation could n't continue . 
  did you expect me to continue to indulge you ? 
  do you expect me to indulge you now ? 
  here 's hoping . 
  we 're having different conversations . 
  enjoy being correct . 
  i think even a baby can handle being flapped at by those lips , hahaha . 
  because rnz 's operation and funding is protected by law . 
  national will get itself quickly into trouble if they start diddling about in the running of the broadcaster . 
  my guess is it was expected rnz could n't afford jc , but it turns out he 's after quality work over a pay cheque . 
  * people want hungry kids to be fed . 
  `` hurrumph ! '', 
  * people want to make money off their properties . 
  `` i see , so that 's what people want , very interesting . '', 
  no doubt they still were unable to make a net profit . 
  any funding cuts would need to be fully justified and open to legal challenge . 
  it would take hard work for national to effectively cut funding to the broadcaster any further than it has . 
  if only . 
  that would surely be the final straw that breaks the camel 's back , having to remove rnz 's legal status to accommodate the tppa . 
  all that drm r&d is sure paying off !, 
  that looks like [ keith david ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0202966/?ref_=tt_cl_t4 ) 's son or something . 
  drunk . 
  aucklanders might be growing in equity , but they do n't have more cash in their pocket to spend - unless they own multiple homes and are selling up , which can only be a tiny percentage of the population . 
  that does seem consistent with current government investment priorities . 
  have you heard of mindfulness practice ? 
  it can be a helpful way of getting more control over your thoughts . 
  get some zen going on . 
  i face this struggle most weekends . 
  yes , clement voiced fart . 
  did anything useful come of the strikes in the end ? 
  hay guys , did you hear that they 've chosen the 40 finalist flags !, 
  are they also running the krishnas off , they 're always selling books on the street . 
   `` a cocky morty can lead to some big problems . '', 
  i think this is a reference to the morty with the remote control rick . 
   remember back to the first episode when he uses the wall run boots to get away from the guards . 
  that was a side effect of them seeds , waaaaay up inside his butthole . 
  they would n't need to completely dissolve , only start to . 
  and those seeds were massive . 
  it depends on their bankroll . 
  if they 've got cash , they 're men , studs , etc. 
  if they do n't , they 're perves , creeps , etc. 
  i 'm just commenting on how we apply labels , regarding your question of the male equivalent of cougars . 
  i did similar study . 
  i was n't the only non-parent , but i kinda felt lucky i was n't one . 
  all the parents in my class spent more time grappling with their guilt at not being perfect parents more than anything . 
  many were grateful to be introduced to winnicott 's concept of the good enough mother . 
  maybe that was partly due to how the lecturer held the class . 
  they were a therapist themself and were adept at helping people reflect what they were saying back on them . 
  472 for smnc . 
  i wish i played more . 
  plus 155 for mnc . 
  damn i miss these games . 
  mickey cantor was the best . 
  cute is one word ... 
  it looks like one of [ harry harlow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harry_harlow ) 's experiments . 
  they provided a wire surrogate mother that provided food and a cloth mother . 
  you can see in the clip the monkey runs to the cloth mother . 
  these experiments challenged assumptions at the time as to what children needed from mothers . 
  awful experiments , it was also awful what we put children through in hospitals during the same period . 
   this was my initial thought but i 'm not too familiar with employment laws . 
  you should know your rights , or expect to be exploited . 
  are you free to act with impunity like the cops ? 
   `` i started off with humble beginnings and i know what it is like . '', 
  interesting contrast john key and paula bennett 's attitude which seems to be `` i started off with humble beginnings , now i 've left those poor suckers behind . '', 
   could such a system work in the u.s. ? 
  the answer to this question is : not while the us is an oligarchy . 
  the rich are n't going to impose penalties on themselves . 
  yeah , and the practice would quickly cease because those with nice cars can afford good lawyers and before you know it some judge ( who also happens to own a nice car ) is ruling the practice unconstitutional or some such thing . 
  this needs to happen soon and the organs need to be cheaper than those illegally harvested ( read : people killed for their organs . ), 
  while us brutality upsets me and i believe it needs to be opposed , do n't feel too bad . 
  what you say is probably true of any stable civilisation . 
  not in the same manner no . 
  in some senses it would be much worse . 
  a very small and powerful minority dictating terms to a very poor majority . 
  there 's a reason why the magna carta was and is such a big deal . 
  likewise the french revolution , the haitian revolution , the us civil rights movement , etc , etc. 
   ontario court judge brent knazan is expected to rule on oct. 6 . 
  that 's a poor generalisation . 
  you might want to consider the information bias you 're likely to be exposed to . 
  you 're much more likely to hear about extremes like this than the bulk of academic research and writing that approaches issues of social justice in a reasoned and sophisticated way . 
  experience tells me some employers would rather be cunts , and take the occasional hit when an employee actually stands up for themselves . 
  after all , why be a boss if you ca n't treat people like shit ? 
  [ research ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746 ) and [ an elder statesman ] ( http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a36856/jimmy-carter-us-oligarchy/ ) disagree . 
   `` all employers are complete and utter cunts '' circlejerk that 's going here so far . 
  sorry , where is this circle jerk ? 
  i have n't spotted it in this thread . 
  so this is nationals plan to address the horrific rates of child abuse in nz , is it ? 
  a list ? 
  that 's inaccurate . 
  most sexual offending upon children is n't by strangers , or by people who get caught and end up on a list .
