  if you are born into poverty , what choice do you have ? 
  there are plenty of laws which protect businesses ability to be profitable . 
  they 're essential to our society . 
  however they seem to be growing more and more out of balance , to the benefit of those with capital , at the expense of those who must work . 
  needs to be a kickstarter or something . 
  some much japanese goodness out there rife for translation . 
  from the youtube description it looks like she got a lesson in why you do n't read youttube comments . 
  well that 's a weird delete . 
  children get neglected , abused , raped where i live . 
  then they 're expect to grow up and function just as well as any other adult . 
  all the while many businesses are allowed to make significant profits without any requirement to pass those profits onto those they depend on to make those profits . 
  this is a trend across all businesses , even if you can identify those where it 's not true . 
  life is complex , not simple . 
  your reductive argument has no bearing in reality . 
  i 'm not making an argument , i 'm stating what i 'm unhappy with : children growing up in stark poverty while businesses and their owners get to enjoy ever increasing profits . 
  do you have any other response ? 
  i 'm so glad this bullshit is n't illegal where i live . 
  the teachers would have lost their jobs , but they would not have been charged with a crime ( 16 is the age of consent . ), 
  jurors will do whatever they please . 
  not that i have a better suggestion , but juxtaposition between the seriousness and formality of the court and the cavalier attitude of some jurors is ... it 's almost tragicomic . 
  no advice sorry , i do wish you all the best however !, 
  it 's school , the kid is getting a lesson in how to expect those in positions of power and authority to behave . 
  where 's the cry of outrage for male mannequins with massive pecs and abs ? 
  sheeeeeit . 
   i hope that the wee girl gets to live with a healthy , loving family and receives whatever help she needs to process what has happened . 
  i hope this for all children . 
  i expect that this child will now have to face a grim social welfare system where some form of abuse can be expected . 
  that there are punishments at all for harmless self expression is the lesson . 
  the bonus lesson is the rules being changed and retroactively applied to justify the punishment . 
  a hot number . 
  i hope you can match her lack of self awareness with a lack of relationship with you . 
  looks cool . 
  does it have mickey ? 
  or at least chickey ? 
  some people seemed really upset by that cushion turtle shell . 
  to a lot of burmese also . 
  that must be so awkward trying to find a mate . 
  imagine coming across the love of your life only to discover it 's just another dead branch . 
  they fired you because you were n't willing to let them take advantage of you . 
  just to be clear . 
  i wonder how you perceive yourself . 
  the best i have ever found is to learn to like and value myself . 
  now i believe that 's core to what i like and find attractive in others : that they like themselves and believe they 're attractive . 
  not in the sense of positive thinking , but genuine belief - this will take some work , both on the inside and outside . 
  i think it 's a quip about the nature of knowledge rather than a logical statement . 
  good luck , all the best . 
  the depression and anxiety will take some work to get through , but it sounds like you 've taken the biggest step in that direction !, 
  i hope you can find some local community support . 
  i get the feeling any flattering pictures were filtered out by spanish authorities . 
  pretty sure this is the kind of thing you have to do to keep off drugs as a celebrity . 
  no they do n't . 
  they attribute to society what really is the result of the interests of capital ( to make more capital . ), 
  perhaps you might consider the child raised in poverty who finds themselves grown up and raising children of their own , still in poverty . 
  even in the absence of neglect and trauma that is common for children in poverty i wonder where the insight you 've just raised comes from , how they would know they lack insight and need to seek out support or what support they could reasonably access . 
  i think judging parents as lousy ( as inadequate as they may be in some cases ) is utterly unhelpful . 
  my impulse is to argue that power has built , as dictated by capital . 
  but the relationship is more complex than that really . 
  however for many in society if they built this system it was because that was the only option available for survival . 
  the system is effective because bucking it is costly , impossible for those reliant on their own capacity to work for resourcing . 
  you might argue our society arises in part from the interplay between capital and labour , with artifacts like described in the comic being an outcome of some imbalance or distortion within the interplay . 
  looking at how capital chooses to use its power is not the same as choosing between capitalism and communism . 
  the future is weird . 
  can he actually play well ? 
  i thought he was more of a mascot ? 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure all healthy human genes shows strong sexual desire - given that 's how they reproduce !, 
  it 's probably like how blood type in japan determines a bunch of stuff . 
  i like the last pic with the eager/shocked consumer . 
  the last time i saw him play was the rwc - he seemed to sit on the bench most of the time and was n't responsible for any make-or-break plays . 
  the only media about him seemed revolve around him taking his shirt off . 
  just sayin ' . 
  do we know there are n't enough houses and this is the primary issue ? 
  i mean , it 's different , but the children who go hungry in nz are n't going hungry because there 's not enough food . 
  my understanding is the situation of increasingly unaffordable housing a complex interaction of prices being too high , incomes being too low , the wealthy are getting to exploit this situation , exacerbating it , entrenching it . 
  keep out of bat country . 
  are you trolling ? 
  surely you 're not blind to the fact only those with capital get to exploit the ever increasing value in home ownership ? 
  someone who ca n't buy a house wo n't get to enjoy the ever increasing equity that comes from home ownership in the current housing climate . 
  surely we do n't pretend that those without money are just as able to have their voice heard and secure their position as those with money ? 
  we have numerous laws in place limiting the accumulation of wealth into the hands of the few , and to distribute the benefit of our economy to everyone but we do n't call ourselves communist ? 
  are you sure you 're not trolling ? 
  or is the discussion no longer something that interests you ? 
  live in warkworth and work in auckland ? 
  you must like driving . 
  i like how it ended , but i could handle some `` fringe tales '' , stories , adventures in the fringe universe that are n't part of the main arc . 
  i like the idea of a movie . 
  we can reduce it further than that . 
  the children that go hungry in nz is because they have n't eaten . 
  see , that 's much simpler . 
  yeah , but what 's such a simple judgement worth ? 
  neglected children have neglectful parents . 
  not exactly any depth to that insight , do n't you think ? 
  wow , that 's pretty cool . 
  i 'd love to see a sub-titled version of the show , i imagine it would be fascinating seeing how nz is perceived in what i assume is a fairly irreverent way . 
  / r/inbrothernews is what you 're looking for . 
  english subtitles !, 
  thanks though . 
  i 'd let ` im at them . 
  i mean , if he 's got to rage so hard , what 's it matter if a few cabbage/lettuce go down ? 
  that 's to the outskirts , and it 's not a straight forward drive . 
  not one you could n't get used to ... but you 'd need to be into driving i reckon .
