  if you [ search international news ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pa2qoc3.jpg ) , you 'll find this is n't about nz , but a global issue . 
  those guns ... 
  the way i thought it relates is there is a global phenomena occurring , there is no reason to to think that what has been pointed out ( chinese nationals buying up property in nz ) would n't be the case . 
  it 'd be like being confused why the weather is so funky in nz while the evidence of climate change is clear around the world , just because someone from the greens made a poor scientific point by confusing cause and correlation . 
  he does n't . 
  like a particularly bad storm ca n't be traced directly to climate change but might be used to highlight the problem anyway . 
   this sub should form it 's own party ; it would rival nationals dishonesty . 
  dishonesty does seem to have considerable currency in the contemporary era . 
  `` sorry , i do n't recall . '', 
  my guess is there would be a slightly higher chance for twins , because genetics do play a role in our development . 
  just not the dominant role , rather it 's a complex interaction between various phenomena . 
  the southern district health board that was dismissed were heroes imo . 
  they valued the health and wellbeing of their community over their positions and reputations . 
  their community will experience long term benefits thanks to the board holding out against the cuts national demanded for as long as they could . 
  if you have marketable skills , earn at least 130-150 % of the median wage , life is great in nz . 
  which bit was hyberbole and which bit was bullshit ? 
  perhaps in the title `` the '' could have been replaced with `` a '' ? 
  otherwise everything seems accurate and sensible ? 
  for someone critical of hyperbole , you seem happy to engage in it . 
  no one is saying a robot is self-aware , what has been said is a self-awareness test has been passed . 
  a very specific test , with its details clearly explained , leaving little room for confusion . 
  at it 's most fundamental i believe mindfulness extends and enhances personal agency . 
  if that agency maintains the status quo , then it 's because that 's what we choose . 
   unless they shoot themselves in the foot . 
  but what are the chances that labour would shoot themselves in the foot ? 
  seriously though , i 'm not a labour supporter , they 're too much of the old guard , pre-mmp politics . 
  but for now they 're what 's needed to get greens on the scene . 
  that was me part 1 . 
  i skipped ahead to see if it developed into something more . 
  nope . 
  it 's * always * an observer . 
  you should check out the average ... 
  sat 18 july 9:30 am - 4pm, 
  i saw those kites from mission bay , they 're epic !, 
  certainly no lack of wind . 
  where is the taser action ? 
  white tails are why i spray under the upstairs deck where other spiders live . 
  no food , no white tails is my theory . 
  otherwise i 'd probably just leave 'em be . 
  this is why we need to vote for the smaller parties more , get mmp under full swing , get some actual diversity in economic policy . 
  except the same issue ( non-residents buying up property ) was raised an issue in 2013 by labour ( who got accused of racism then as well , despite not singling out chinese investors ) . 
  so at this point i have to assume that poor data is intentional , as a way of avoiding action . 
  but not facebook sex assault groups it seems . 
  maybe they 've gotten onto that by now . 
  yeah , right . 
  it sounds like you have n't suffered enough yet . 
  it 's hard to change before you get to that point , short of an epiphany . 
  this gets a lot of popular press , i 'm not sure how well received the findings are in academia are though . 
  psychopathy is understood in a varied number of ways . 
  this seems essential , however what 's also essential will be quality infrastructure in high density area . 
  both transport and community services . 
  and also standards of quality and minimum requirements for any dwelling . 
  why is it so hard to find out how to take a screenshot ? 
  it 's not defined in the controls , [ searching `` screenshot '' in the faq ] ( https://forums.frontier.co.uk/faq.php?s=&amp;do=search&amp;q=screenshot&amp;titleandtext=1&amp;match=all ) brings up no results . 
  what . 
  the . 
  yeah , what a load of bollocks . 
  the actual command is f10 in windows at least . 
  but you can only find this by searching google and delving into a discussion . 
  alt headline : `` we want to sell all your stuff . '', 
  something that is often true in people is they ca n't change self-destructive behaviour until they 've suffered enough . 
  until the pain of change is less than the pain of staying the same . 
  alas , by the time the pain of climate change exceeds the pain of change , it will be far , far too late . 
  it 's bloody scary . 
  if i ever become a parent , i do n't know what i 'll do . 
   the bag was part of a consignment of 13 , carrying a total of about $ 10m . 
  what 's the deal with moving millions of dollars of cash like that ? 
  this was just national being a bit clumsy with its processes , there was nothing vindictive about its decision . 
  is that what was happening here is it ? 
   there 's not really any other reason to move hard currency . 
  that you can think of . 
  yeah , but it 's hard loiter and you get warnings . 
  it 's easy for someone to fly into your laser stream in close combat . 
  this bounty dynamic breaks immersion . 
  what ` evs , i 'll go play a fun game instead . 
  exactly . 
  i play for fun . 
  if i have to work , i expect to get paid . 
   thats not really an accident . 
  sure it is . 
  they were an enemy that strayed into my line of fire before i had scanned them . 
  the enemy part is n't really relevant , it just adds salt to the wound . 
  in real combat your allies do n't all instantly turn on you if there is accidental friendly fire , let along accidental unscanned enemy fire . 
  you 're whole `` swap to a sidewinder/don ' t play for a week '' approach breaks immersion . 
  you 're no longer participating in the internal game world , but gaming the engine itself . 
  the trick is to find some shithole that will do for the short term and then spend the next few months subscribed to new listings on trademe , waiting for something decent to pop up . 
  then it 's really just a case of first in , first served - your life will be structured around dropping everything so you can be the first one to get in touch and meet with the landlord . 
  do n't sign fixed leases - usually that means there 's something dodgy about the place that is n't immediately obvious . 
  but no funding for apparently `` poorly managed '' `` hobby horse '' community mental health services . 
  money for the rich , suffering for the poor . 
  you say that like anyone noticed i was there in the first place . 
  i did n't complain about the previous consequences - having to abandon a battle to pay off a fine . 
  it 's the disproportionate consequence : 400c bounty ? 
  well your 3mc ship is now forfeit ... unless you game the system by buying a cheap ship and let that get blown up . 
  that 's some fine consequence , * herp-derp * . 
  that 's a bit hard for some to grasp i guess . 
  hahaha , that freakin ' dog knows what 's up . 
  it 's very easy not to have stupid game dynamics . 
  whose analysis would you believe ? 
  how can we be assured we will actually get those results ?
