  it 's true , but antibiotics are still medicine . 
  ah yes , contemporary '' [ journalism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq2_wssdwkq ) '' . 
  you think people would return to the nzh site if they found themselves on reddit ? 
  given the number of rape crisis services that have had to close or reduce services due to funding issues , i do n't think we genuinely care about violence in nz . 
  i assume all news media is , in way one or another . 
  that 's why i read diverse sources for a variety of perspectives . 
  i was seeing a girl visiting from chile . 
  when i went out with her and the friends she made here , i was often the only kiwi in the mix . 
  it was kind of fun , everyone wanted to speak with the kiwi , tell me how much they love nz and how good i have it . 
  reading the article i wondered if part of the reason is auckland seems like china is because visiting chinese are n't mixing much with kiwis ( of any ethnicity . ), 
  so auckland seems like china to visiting chinese because they only know of chinese dominated people and places , despite auckland being very diverse . 
  i think life in general is getting worse in nz for most . 
  none of us are immune from simplistic thinking when put under enough pressure . 
  so i 'm not surprised to see a trend towards finding easy answers to the causes of our problems . 
   i 'd bet money he 's already on the books with relevant government agencies, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  mental health and community services have been neglected for a good decade now , there are more slipping through the cracks than being caught and cared for . 
  kids growing up in this environment will be the most affected , being the most vulnerable . 
  there is plenty of anecdotal evidence of this , kids robbing dairies around the country , killing themselves in batches , stuff like that . 
  if we 're not seeing it in actual stats it 's because of careful data management . 
   how is blaming chinese immigrants , probably one of the more model minorities , who pay taxes and contribute the economy , contribute little to nothing to crime rates , going to help ? 
  it can help one feel better about difficult circumstances one might not feel any control over . 
  this is n't something lost on those in positions of power and influence . 
  so what you 're saying is that the government and market forces can push people into poverty , and once those people are in poverty , due to circumstances beyond their control , they are excluded from the joy of parenthood ? 
  but mate . 
  you 're wrong mate . 
  do you have any academic basis for your understanding of human behaviour ? 
  or are you only recycling something you heard on the radio ? 
  this is some grim news , on top of everything else :, 
  [ banana under threat ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/science/83242397/banana-under-threat-from-deadly-fungus ), 
  i think it 's along the same lines of why when a community is stricken with famine and disease the population will boom . 
  it seems that the more desperate you are , the better an idea having children appears . 
  you 'll find the reverse is true too : the more resourced a community is , the fewer children that will be born , to the point that the population will begin to decline . 
  the individuals having/not having children probably are n't doing so due to conscious thought making processes but rather deeper unconscious experiences . 
  we typically act and then confabulate reasons for our actions , rather than make clear , coherent plans and act on those . 
  life is far more complex than our capacity to understand it . 
  something about a sheet of metal like that ... 
  seeing animals that live with terrible wounds kind of zen animals have got going on . 
  humans under resource pressure have more children . 
  that 's * what * happens . 
  is funding a rape crisis service in a community with high levels of sexual violence `` throwing money '' at a problem ? 
  there 's a lot of crying about blaming the government , that somehow the government has no place in protecting the vulnerable in our society . 
  that somehow government policies like raising taxes that impact the poorest , or reducing services that the most vulnerable would make use of has no impact on these people . 
  that somehow spending money on trained professionals is `` throwing money at the problem '' . 
  you reckon there 's an automatically reconfiguring version of this ? 
  something on the back popping off and on new handholds for a climb of infinite length and variability . 
  this immediately jumps out :, 
   new types of neuropharmaceuticals are being developed that more directly target synaptic firing , and thus impact brain plasticity far more effectively than existing drugs ( e.g. , modafinil , donepezil ) . 
  when approved for use , these new drugs will certainly have extensive off-label use for improvement of memory and cognitive performance . 
  ** these drugs may have the additional effect of weakening or overwriting existing memories . 
  i can do that without the drugs . 
  my concern is what if someone else is doing the choosing ? 
  or accidental memory corruption to the point of losing grip on reality . 
  there are at least three double face palms going on . 
   the state of things ca n't all be pinned on this govt, 
  not all , but certainly a significant proportion . 
  it has been national 's policy to reduce funding for numerous services that mitigate the impact of mental illness and trauma that occurs in any community . 
  what 's going on in pitcairn that 's so worth visiting ? 
  is it just me , or does it usually go if you 're closed people ask `` are you open '' and if you 're open they ask `` are you closed '' ? 
   what 's wrong with asking if a store is open ? 
  nothing that i know of . 
   when challenged on whether waterways would improve soon , he simply said they had to . 
  `` they have to get better soon , it 's part of the process . '', 
  you heard that waterways , get with the process !, 
  i think what 's really needed is more personal responsibility from these waterways . 
  they ca n't be allowed to get away with it . 
  i 'm sure national have this on their radar , i 'm sure this is very important to them . 
  [ oh , wait ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/250742/minister-should-resign,-says-fish-and-game ) . 
  human behaviour and agency . 
  has n't national made it clear they do n't take a scientific approach to government , because apparently scientists are like lawyers in that you can always find one to support your point of view ? 
  and what of the parents of those parents ? 
  and their parents ? 
  what i suggest is that there at least be services readily available for those who would like to improve their situation but lack the insight how . 
  you know , the kinds of services national has let languish and fail . 
  once those services are actually functioning effectively rather than operating on a triage basis , then maybe when can jerk ourselves off over the poor decisions stupid people make . 
  what do you suggest ? 
   we have social services in place for them, 
  no we do n't . 
  any services that exist operate on a triage basis . 
  you can definitely go out , but i do n't think you can take the piss either . 
  it 's quite funny really . 
  you ca n't call in sick because you want to go on a bender , but you can call in sick after one . 
  and hope you do n't run into the boss at the pub ... 
  i like to think of it as the universe where flash 's mother survives is different to a universe where she does n't . 
  so when he saved his mother , for the universe to remain coherent , other things had to change as well . 
  the ripples explanation is good too . 
  wow , that was amazing . 
  such a great window into a slice of nz history . 
  the stats cited in the stuff article are apparently from a 2013 survey . 
  but the 2010 article has the exact same figure : 17.8 % experienced bullying . 
  so that 's odd . 
  it does seem like stuff have a number of articles as part of on-going coverage of the issue , but yeah , weird . 
  manuka honey and green lipped mussels . 
  lost to export markets . 
  can you recommend a spot in the 09 ? 
  ` sup / u/gallowboob . 
  so it 's time to watch this over and over again . 
  source ? 
  nice job , btw . 
  i think i grimaced as bad as i do seeing a nut shot .
