  something does n't add up . 
  if the new / r/popular format is anything is anything to go by , / r/newzealand is into / r/rupaulsdragrace . 
  is that on tv over here or something ? 
  robust employment laws are an important part of this . 
  i despair for people working in at-will conditions . 
  it seems in some places laws are in place to enable bullies . 
  well that 's unfortunate . 
  aw , now i 'm sad . 
  rip john clarke . 
  are there any more robust comparisons of food prices than facebook friends chatting ? 
  yeah , they can fuck off home !, 
   [ nick bowers ] designed special drones capable of not only keeping up with team nz 's super-fast boat but capable of flying right alongside it and gaining priceless footage on how the catamaran 's revolutionary hydrofoils could be improved . 
  space and time are not separate phenomena . 
  space and time are as connected as up/down is to left/right . 
  if all my movement is up , i ca n't also be moving left . 
  if all my movement is through space , i ca n't also be moving through time . 
  i do n't know how this is proven , but i do know it 's fundamental to our understanding of physics . 
  i did n't realise homeless people were a homogeneous group . 
  unless , what you 're saying is without sound base . 
  but no , that ca n't be , you 've gone to the trouble to post on the internet after all . 
  so many it managers around the world are saying `` i told you so '' right now . 
  followed by being fired by ass-covering senior managers . 
  it is now . 
  ran out of money ? 
  we should be hearing from the ombudsman about martin matthews soon , right ? 
  is this part of that ? 
  beautiful photos . 
  it makes for a great day of cricket to be sure . 
  but i think it 's generous to call it satire . 
  i love the era . 
  all jokes are at someone 's expense . 
  except for puns . 
  they 're at everyone 's expense . 
  if the city ignored its laws , what moral authority would it have to enforce them ? 
  the greater the authority , the greater the responsibility . 
  at least in an egalitarian society . 
  i would be proud of your city if i were you , especially in this age of growing authoritarianism . 
  if we 're being pedantic , it 's '' [ the predator ] ( http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0000867/?ref_=tt_cl_t10 ) '' . 
  the movie is called predator . 
  i think op is technically correct , which is the best kind . 
  there 's nothing mild about that . 
  i do n't . 
  i do what i want . 
  if there 's something i want to do that i 'm not doing then either i do n't really want to do it or i am experiencing an internal conflict and i need to self-reflect . 
  spacetime continues as it always has . 
  when something dies things keep on going as they always have . 
  i think the question emerges from the illusion that life exists distinct from the rest of the universe . 
  i love you almost as much as / u/editingandlayout . 
  if you want the rule of law to only apply to the vulnerable , fingers crossed you never find yourself on the wrong side of that equation . 
  they were n't really all that great . 
  their failures led to the downfall of the republic and the jedi order . 
   karen laing has already served a jail term for harassing the same man . 
  this line confused me . 
  were they already known to each other and this was the second incident between the pair ? 
  do n't let the word confuse you , feminism is n't about gender . 
  it 's about power and vulnerability . 
  if you think women should be allowed to vote , you 're a feminist . 
  if you think children should n't be forced into labour , you 're a feminist . 
  if you think old people should be cared for , you 're a feminist . 
  it 's just my understanding from an academic perspective . 
  it extends to the environment as well , so if you think the environment should be protected , you 're a feminist . 
  obviously it 's a term with a lot of exposure , so many individuals and groups use it with varying degrees of discipline . 
  that sounds like internet/talk back radio feminism to me . 
  a focus on the bit you want to grump about while lacking a disciplined understanding of broad concepts and their history . 
  i 'm not that familiar with humanism . 
  humanism is about understanding the dynamics of power and vulnerability ? 
   if you think women should be allowed to vote , you 're a men 's rights advocate, 
  this is true in the sense that having an imbalanced power structure ultimately harms everyone . 
  men are worse off when the powerful can exploit the vulnerable , because most men are n't in a position of power . 
  humanism is about the dynamics of power and vulnerability ? 
  i did n't know . 
  i think you 're just talking about the consequence of the internet . 
  previously isolated bigots can now join together and consolidate their bigotry . 
  i 'm not going to let bigots take ownership of useful concepts . 
  anyone upset by stupid hashtags need to be more discipled about the information they consume . 
  i do n't really think i 'll change anyone 's mind . 
  but i find it helpful grappling with the different viewpoints , particular in finding weaknesses in my own understanding . 
  i can understand that , particularly if you 've only heard of feminism on the internet or talkback radio . 
  you do n't have any specialist knowledge that is misrepresented or misunderstood by the general public ? 
  i get people think feminism as associated with gender . 
  this is my whole point . 
  it * sounds * like it 's related to gender and many have run with this . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's about power dynamics , especially the dynamic between power and vulnerability . 
  that 's all . 
  thanks to feminism you do n't have to take on any label you do n't want to . 
  society does n't get to say who you are , it 's you who gets to decide . 
  it 's okay , i have a few walls of text of my own . 
  i do n't think feminism is a movement even if movements have emerged from feminism . 
  rather it 's a way of thinking about what it is to be human , how we use our power , how we exploit and protect our vulnerability . 
  the reason why i say for example `` if you think women should be allowed to vote , you 're a feminist '' is because our insight and values which accept that women should be allowed to vote have emerged from feminist thinking . 
  recognising that men suffer from domestic abuse also emerges from this thinking . 
  it 's not about gender . 
  we live in a dynamic that will only end when we end . 
  power will always shift , the pendulum will always swing this way and that . 
  feminism is a tool for recognising and examining the use of power . 
  ultimately it is a tool to increase human agency : we get to choose how and when we will use our power . 
  if there is a fight to win it is because we have identified unchecked power . 
  the fight for women 's vote has largely been won , for instance . 
  the opposite to feminism is n't `` masculism '' .
