  it 's far better than you 'll see in any picture . 
  i 've spent some time at [ port charles in new zealand ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/port+charles+3584 ) which has some of the darkest skies in the world . 
  hills on one side , the pacific ocean on the other . 
  seeing the galaxy just laid out in front of you is amazing . 
  i found it very easy to get a sense of standing on a rock in the middle of space . 
  i could almost get a sense of falling into space , but that was kind of spooky . 
  [ one dead , two children injured in auckland bus crash ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/334922/one-dead-two-children-injured-in-auckland-bus-crash ), 
  stay safe out there guys . 
  is there a high quality version of this ? 
   who gives a fuck regular kiwi citizens ca n't immediately detect that your a kiwi . 
  i think it 's a problem we need to `` detect '' anything . 
  that we ca n't accept the person in front of us as a unique individual , that we 've got to find some grouping for them . 
  i mean , i might go there if i 'm developing a close relationship with a person and i want to know their background . 
  but i would probably ask about geographic location and the local socio-economic and political conditions at the time their parents/grandparents were growing up . 
  asking a relative stranger about ethnicity is weird . 
  i can imagine that a lot of people could scrape together the cash , but if it feels like their education was bullshit and they 've no expectation of the qualifications having any bearing on their future , i ca n't see why people would make the effort . 
  sure , i have all kinds of problems with our `` innate biology '' . 
  all that meat , the smells , the oozes , and the feelings , my goodness , all the time with the feelings . 
  i mean , i 'm grateful for the help we can get from medical professionals , that 's for sure . 
  but what 's your point ? 
  he deserves a few therapy sessions with the vision i think . 
  i reckon the vision would be able to help fitz get a grip on things . 
  that makes me wonder what the avengers would make of what colson 's become . 
  telling people what they should or should not do . 
  yeah , that 's effective . 
  good work , well done act deputy . 
  you can pat yourself on the back now . 
  i 've worked on projects like that . 
  hell is a place people live while they 're alive . 
  people who get angry and distressed over negligible things are surely in hell . 
  it 's a fucking nightmare . 
   he read samson a first-strike warning . 
  ooh , she better be careful . 
  if she does this two more times , she could be in some * real * trouble . 
  this is really an indictment on the rest of the surveyed countries . 
  `` hahaha !, 
  it was just a tv show all along ! '', 
  stoicism is n't being unfeeling as far as i understand . 
  have your feelings , they 're real . 
  the thing is not to * act * from your feelings . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your relationship . 
  you have a new life ahead of you , pursue it . 
  that 's weird , cause national 's vision seems to be labour lite . 
  values matter more than vision . 
  we see the consequences of national 's values : nz is getting worse . 
  we 're trying to find solutions to problems we did n't have 10 years ago . 
  because you think everyone is magically endowed with insight , wisdom and discipline ? 
  hmmm , that sounds like some kind of mimicked theme ... or maybe an idea gene . 
  there should be a word for this phenomena . 
  i do n't get how accusations of media bullying by his team , which are then demonstrated as completely false can be gotten away with so easily . 
  where are those who crow about personal responsibility ? 
  reminds me of a certain nation-wide department store that sends out regular emails . 
  my flatmate who built the emails told me of the woes and compromises of having to make the emails perfect in lotus , cause that 's what the head office used . 
  i do n't really know what a libertarian is . 
  i have noticed people who talk about the personal responsibility of those in poverty generally do so without empathy or insight . 
  and they do n't consider people in power as having responsibility for their choices which impact many . 
  the cuts are complicated . 
  on paper the money is still there , but the policies around how and where money is spent along with population changes effectively results in less money is being spent . 
  it 's all very difficult to demonstrate , by intention i believe , but [ the results ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/331951/record-number-of-people-diagnosed-with-hiv ) are n't . 
  what 's national doing that makes them look so competent that labour will struggle to do better ? 
  yeah , but the present is a result of the past and we still live in the hangover of fpp which effectively is a two party system . 
  it 's still a choice between two major players . 
  if national is out , it 's only because labour is in . 
  there have been cuts . 
  you can be wilfully ignorant if you choose , but reality will bite regardless . 
  as indeed we are seeing . 
  it seems like you 're suggesting that unless i can point to a spreadsheet showing exact cuts , then those cuts must n't be happening . 
  but national would be fools to make cuts blatantly if they wish to maintain public support . 
  if they are shrewd politicians , they would obfuscate those cuts so that when challenged they can produce true , albeit disingenuous , statements about how there are n't cuts . 
  for instance , national can say they 're spending more on education . 
  but when you look at the bulk of this increased spending , it 's apparent it 's sophisticated measuring of property values , not more money for kids . 
   the link you provided did nothing to clarify the point ? 
  if what i 'm saying is true , then we would see the consequences of these cuts . 
  we 're seeing the consequences of these cuts . 
  well , life is literally getting more and more unstable for many nzers as it is . 
  it 's only those who have already secured their positions that enjoy relative stability ... as long as they avoid queen st in the auckland cbd . 
  so it 's a choice between definitely unstable and maybe unstable . 
  there are n't basic numbers . 
  there are [ definitely cuts ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/90261987/ministry-of-health-declines-funding-for-hiv-prevention-study-despite-known-risks ) , but demonstrating them in the context of `` basic numbers '' is impossible . 
  why is `` basic numbers '' your standard ? 
  yeah , well , i 'm not a fan of politicians interfering with quality research , but that 's [ what we 're putting up with ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/90261987/ministry-of-health-declines-funding-for-hiv-prevention-study-despite-known-risks ) . 
  how do you mean ? 
  do you envisage a government next term where neither national nor labour are the dominant party in power ? 
  i envisage that in a few terms , if we 're lucky . 
  but not after next election . 
  i mostly agree , except we ca n't ignore that next election we will have one of those two parties in power . 
  regardless , it 's a bit of a tangent from what was being discussed ( national 's competence in government vs labour 's competence in opposition . ), 
  that would be arbitrary . 
  it 's only one organisation , chosen arbitrarily . 
  how would one find out ? 
  how are you defining an aids related organisation ? 
  what constitutes `` funding '' ? 
  cash only ? 
  donated time , by private volunteers and time donated by other organisations ? 
  other resources like access to rooms , transport and so on ? 
  you only want basic numbers . 
  how does one generate basic numbers about something so complex ? 
  and most importantly * why do you want only basic numbers ? 
  maybe part of the problem is he thinks it 's only almost embarrassing . 
  the us is n't alone of course , there is a distinct lack of embarrassment all around the world .
