  unfortunately it is impossible to ascertain who is most capable , so we rely on democracy instead . 
  many would argue colonising an already populated territory in a manner that disenfranchises the existing occupants is abhorrent . 
  how do you feel about that ? 
  of course , this is irrelevant . 
  for the crown to have legal authority in nz , it ca n't disregard its legal commitments . 
  that 's what it comes down to . 
  i wonder if your values are coherent . 
  do you think you can pass down your wealth to your children ? 
  or must you hand back your wealth to the government upon death for redistribution ? 
   maori were n't disenfranchised . 
  according to ... ? 
  certainly not maori . 
   they signed a treaty which extended to them the rights and protections of british subjects . 
  this is n't all the treaty said . 
  keep in mind it is the maori translation that is valid , not the english . 
  my point is that pakeha have established institutions to ensure pakeha children come into their inheritance while at the same time completely denying many maori there own . 
  how wealth and power has been distributed throughout the world is not something those currently living had any kind of say in . 
  we all inherit what has come before us . 
  what would you hope for in doing that ? 
  is what 's fair your highest principle ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  there are many political processes of all kinds of nature in nz . 
  that you 're ignorant of them does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  there is a single process for electing a government in nz , but that is not the only political process that exists . 
   maori are n't a homogenous group with a single opinion . 
  please do n't pretend that they are . 
  i 'm not . 
  you 're dodging my question as to who says maori were n't disenfranchised . 
  my point is yours is not a universally shared view , particularly by those in the best position to judge . 
   the treaty was drafted and ratified in english . 
  the maori translation is simply that - it 's merely translation of the primary document . 
  the primary document is the maori document , according to international law which nz abides by and expects others to abide by . 
   the laws of inheritance and estate settlement are based on british common law . 
  that 's a particular concept of inheritance and a particular frame to understand it in . 
  not everyone wants to primarily pass down money and land . 
  i hope you 're not offended or surprised i missed the point : a lot is lost in translation with text only discussion . 
  the issue is only race-based if people wish to see it this way . 
  and as far as i can tell the issue is only seen as raced based by those who wish to ignore maori altogether , to treat them as just another race living in nz . 
  conveniently allowing everyone else to ignore the obligations that come with the rights that come with living in nz . 
  race and indigeneity are not the same thing . 
  the reality is there is no cut-off line where we get to ignore history . 
  saying `` i was n't alive when that went down '' does not exempt us from the consequences of those circumstances , whatever they were . 
  agreements were made , our society has been built upon those agreements , we can not deconstruct those agreements without deconstructing our society . 
  if we start ignoring this obligation , what other obligations might we start ignoring ? 
  have you ever heard of `` office politics '' ? 
  do you wonder how it 's decided who holds leadership positions at various churches/mosques and other community organisations ? 
  i think it 's reasonable to split the various public offices that can be held in nz into different processes . 
  it 's not like our national elections are the sole way people can enter public office . 
  the point is , whatever process or processes exist , maori participation is not what guarantees them their rights . 
  commitment by the crown and the nz government to abide by international and national law is what assures maori their place in nz . 
  they are pakeha processes in the sense they emerged from the colonising powers and are not maori processes . 
  maori are n't barred or banned from them , but they did n't form them either . 
  maori do take an active part in local politics - just because you are n't aware of how maori choose leadership amongst themselves and how they choose to use their resources , it does n't mean this does n't take place . 
  i think the invitation into pakeha politics is out of recognition that for a long time pakeha politics dominated maori processes . 
  it depends where you live and how people rise to power in your local community i think . 
  perfect for that prank where you point at the menu while asking for something that is n't on it . 
  you seem to be mistaking my posts as support for whatever changes this mayor is advocating , which is not the case . 
  rather i am responding to your post that suggests if maori want a say in how their lives are run they need to vote in elections . 
  this is not the case . 
  that 's only part of the picture . 
  england and the commonwealth is part of the picture . 
  maori and the treaty of waitangi is part of the picture as well . 
  historically those in power have favoured the simplistic view you 've put forward , as those in power are wont to do . 
  however we 've developed into a sophisticated society that realised might does not make right . 
  what a plonker . 
   maori do not have sovereignty, 
  the law says they do . 
  i 'm nervous about setting a precedent where legal sovereignty can be disregarded . 
  when will my sovereignty be disregarded ? 
  when will i have to become someone other than who i want to be because a more powerful group of people demand it ? 
  what if china demands we let 30 million of their people live here , will i have to accept a chinese way of life because they dominate the political scene ? 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  the crown is obligated to abide by the treaty of waitangi which has been confirmed by our waitangi tribunal . 
  it 's obviously a contentious point . 
  but if we go around pretending law is n't law , what prevents anyone else from doing the same ? 
  it 's part of international law , which nz abides by and expects others to abide by . 
  `` a treaty is an agreement ** under international law ** entered into by actors in international law , namely sovereign states and international organizations . '', 
   the prince in that movie is just as trapped by his gender role as the protagonist ( but i 'd definitely say he has the better end of the deal considering he at least does n't get beaten and starved ) . 
  indeed . 
  then think of all the men caught in the same system who are n't princes !, 
  what the crown has , what it is legally entitled to and what laws can be enforced may all be different things , correct ? 
  in what regard ? 
  i was getting at how you were framing the law : it 's enforceability . 
  my understanding is there is more to the law than this . 
  your understanding of the maori translation of the treaty seems in line with the waitangi tribunal 's recent finding that in fact maori did not cede sovereignty ( even if it has been effectively taken from them . ), 
  your opinion is that the indigenous of nz have no special rights or privileges and if they want a say in how nz is run they should engage in political processes imposed by colonising powers ? 
  is that right ? 
  if so my opinion is that nz is obligated to abide by international law if it wants good standing in the international community and thus should abide by such law . 
  also if nz wants to pursue a healthy and happy community then we must continue to grapple with the issue of biculturalism in good faith , recognising all the complexities and contradictions that come with it . 
  including of course recognising there are some that do n't care for nz 's international standing or the health and happiness of anyone but them and theirs . 
  i want for maori what maori want for themselves . 
  i imagine because there are lots of ways of saying i love you , saying it a way that matters to your so is much more meaningful i think . 
  you and your internet , what is this all about ? 
  `` knipples '' lolz . 
  there was a report not so long ago that showed auckland was the second cheapest city in the world to rent ... relative to the cost of buying a house . 
  [ she 'll be right mate ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/jessecolombo/2014/04/17/12-reasons-why-new-zealands-economic-bubble-will-end-in-disaster/ ) . 
  it 's funny actually , watching the news they were talking about how there were different groups , rioters and protesters , generally without much connection between either group . 
  then the news continued on with the story with the dominant narrative of the protests `` boiling over '' into riots , despite having just interviewed hardcore protesters talking about how the rioters had only recently arrived and were n't involved with the protesters . 
  it means it 's a quotation , rather than op 's opinion . 
  do you know why the lights were working ( like , did you turn them on yourself ? ),
