  not so stupid today !, 
  sorry ` bout the , uh , other two . 
  it 's time , and pop-psychology . 
  not exactly robust material . 
  huh , i thought you were cosplaying as jimmy fallon . 
  it 's all the humans i believe . 
  that is one sweet gif . 
  and single result searches are so hard to come by !, 
  i read this as `` 1 flour , less chocolate cake . '', 
  kind of like how pink is the entire colour spectrum minus green apparently . 
   feminist, 
  this word has become meaningless since i came to reddit . 
  it 's become a nonsense whip-word like `` communist '' . 
  there is some merit to the statement that she never got medical help . 
  health goes beyond the state of our physical body but also our ability to thrive in the world . 
  it seems clear the mother was not capable of providing care to her daughter , which is a serious health concern requiring intervention . 
  but that never came it seems . 
  so many kids are killed or hurt by the mental health problems of their parents . 
  how do they define a penalty fare ? 
  i do n't tag off when my stop is the last stage , because the fare is the same . 
  is that considered a penalty fare ? 
  you 're not wrong , reddit 's just at the cutting edge . 
  that 's a real `` you stepped into the wrong neighbourhood '' type scene there . 
  they 're pretty meh these days tbh . 
  probably for living in the us or russia . 
  i may die screaming , but i lived loving . 
  as it should . 
  the rat bounty is an age old practice , whether for public health or science . 
  these are good times when a rat will get you beer , get in while you can !, 
  studying and practicing in mental health , this is kind of a given . 
  i ca n't recall seeing any hard data documented in a statistical fashion , but even as students we were immediately working with incest cases . 
  it 's partly about the nature of self , partly about the nature of existence . 
  who i am does n't reside solely in me , i exist in others too ( and others exist in me . ), 
  where does one 's life truly begin and truly end ? 
  one person 's `` occasionally '' is another 's `` quite regularly '' . 
  given how shocking rape and incest is , it 's not surprising that a small proportion may seem like a large number to some . 
  i 'm not sure a community health clinic is the place you are likely to see this kind of thing , i 'm sure you wo n't find it surprising that this kind of thing is usually hidden by all parties involved . 
  do you have much connection with your local rape crisis center ? 
  i think other existential crises would come to the fore before boredom . 
  that said , i think you are right in that there will always be the unknown to keep us occupied . 
  not the unknown that can be scientifically investigated ( although there 's plenty of that too ) , rather the mysterious . 
  for example , `` what was that argument with the missus about this morning ? '', 
  that 's not something that can be known , which means it can be explored indefinitely . 
  bet you were pretty crook the next time you complained about being sick to granny !, 
  that 's a bit rough . 
  hope you enjoyed a good pie afterwards . 
  that is metal . 
  all the techs will become reality . 
  i did n't even know there were easter eggs . 
  very cool !, 
  in my 20s i wanted to be a therapist . 
  after 4 years of the constant overwhelm that was the training , i decided to wait till my 50s . 
  my cats are off their food for some reason ... 
  they say christian , they mean white/western/the dominant culture . 
  ( cause you do n't need to be sharp to notice how diverse christians are across the world . ), 
  i 'm not sure all the blames lies on acc , if the article is accurate . 
  pretty sure you ca n't fire someone in the way the council did . 
  if that is the case , the council should be dragged over the coals , of all organisations they need to get their employment practices right . 
  your comment made you sound ` murican . 
  we generally do n't sue in nz , we usually have alternative processes in place ( such as the era . ), 
  that 's the `` something is not quite right here , but i 'm not quite freaked out either '' look . 
  i figure because the work is . 
  i guess i should n't have explained on maffoonz 's behalf , i apologise . 
  / downvote issues . 
  and he 's exactly right . 
  any monkey has an exactly zero chance of writing shakespeare . 
  so whether you have one or infinite monkeys , there are only broken type writers and no shakespeare . 
  that 's not what i meant , but never mind . 
  given infinite time any collection of matter will spontaneously form into shakespeare 's works . 
  which is why the infinite monkey theorem is nonsense and why pilkington is right . 
  i 'd prefer not rely on hope , but rather tried and tested methods of rehabilitation . 
  i thought everywhere was a parkour location ? 
  unless of course you are running for public office . 
  you want someone disordered running things ? 
  although i do n't think dotcom is really suffering a disorder , just making a point . 
  how many deer remains must exist at the bed of that body of water before the humans were around to bail out fool deer . 
  i understand disorders to be serious , beyond `` normal hangups '' . 
  although some would argue that `` hangups '' can be indicative of one 's deeper character , which is used to assess how a politician might perform at their duties and handle the power they 're given . 
  either way i am pretty sure there is no way to coherently measure the effectiveness of politicians . 
  of course , because i have to make a decision and vote . 
  in absence of empirical measures one 's intuition and judgement is all to go on . 
  it seems like you think i agree with judging dotcom based on his weight , when all i am doing is explaining why people might judge a person for being `` disordered '' , in the context of the discussion we are having . 
  knees be jerkin ' . 
  i figure butt humps and reverse boob grabs is what relationship is all about , regardless of gender . 
  what 's up with that clipboard joker on the left ? 
  he 's got a mad jig going on . 
  if it is to be taken literally it 's nonsense . 
  you ca n't be correct about nonsense . 
  nonsense is nonsense whatever frame you put it in . 
  the queues are a telling tale . 
  before the patch there were almost 50-50 even . 
  now it 's 75-25 in favour of the germans . 
  lorde, 
  yeah , me too . 
  i figure it 's hard mode . 
  those specs do n't really seem `` well beyond '' dk2 . 
  they say , two days later ... 
  broke , as in someone approached him with the juicy dirt in hopes of upsetting the election . 
  it 's certainly how most journalists would like to get * all * their stories i think . 
  i 'd study hardcore maths ( linear algebra as a starting point ) , then do my best to design an ai from scratch .
