  and he could be right , there may well be very little support he could access to get help out of those circumstances . 
  unfortunately insight takes generations to develop , if your parents do n't have any insight to pass onto you and your community is n't looking out for you , you 're fucked unless you managed to stumble upon some insight of your own . 
  expecting a kid to pull themselves up by their bootstraps can be a hard ask , even cruel depending on the circumstances . 
  hrmmm ... 
  i even feel sorry for those poor fools , raised having their material needs met , but their developmental and emotional needs neglected . 
  however i could easily believe this person 's situation is much more dire than even that . 
  certainly i know there are many in grim circumstances who are still expected to get along as well as anyone else . 
  nzherald 's sub-text : if people are struggling it 's their own fault . 
  it 's only the hopeless who are needy . 
  vote national . 
  i like what you did with the seal 's expression . 
  well , he sees it as the best choice available to him , which is partly about him , partly about his realistic choices . 
  crickey . 
  starship troopers is a classic . 
  such a great satire . 
  got some nice pics this morning , too bad my phone is a potato . 
  sorry paula , all that face paint is a poor substitute for a soul . 
  there are a lot of pained voices you 're ignoring to make those statements true in your head . 
  you and your low-lander problems . 
  probably one of those work environments where everyone is too busy dealing with a backlog of work to come up with smart solutions like that . 
  nah mate , if hitler 's ghost rose up and vanished all the poor people away , the rich would n't notice at all !, 
  poor people and rich people are totally disconnected from each other and only have themselves to thank/blame for their circumstances . 
  saw a bunch of germans at lunch time walking up queen st chanting their country 's name . 
  i bet it 's been awhile since they 've been able to chant `` deutschland '' in a foreign city without getting in trouble !, 
  what 's the deal with the dog ? 
  would n't it be in quarantine for weeks or months ? 
  well as long as you 've confirmed that . 
  we have super-strict bio-security as you may be discovering . 
  might get another foggy day in auckland , i can see a bank of fog coming over from the coromandel . 
  might burn off before it gets here though . 
  * golf clap *, 
  yeah , coromandel still looks foggy as but it 's not moving any closer , i think it 's moving up not across . 
  this is a strange delete , not seeing an clear reason why . 
   kim dotcom is an entirely self interested and immature jerk who is trying to use nz politics to pursue his own personal vendettas . 
  fair enough given nz politicians tried to use him to pursue their own political objectives , at least that 's what it seems . 
  i 'm no dotcom fan , i 'm just no fan of those who helped set up the current situation either . 
  but they wo n't , and nothing will come to light until a change of governments , by which time those who could be held accountable will have scarpered . 
  dotcom is different though , it 's not about getting cash into the country , it 's about securing good relations with america 's authoritarian government . 
  i did n't say fascist government . 
  when i say `` authoritarian '' i refer to the `` power over '' nature of their laws and their justice system . 
  the us has a system that is more and more about power over people , whereas i think the values of our nation are more inclined towards power ** for ** people . 
  it could have been , but i am very skeptical given all that has happened since the illegal , fbi style raid that went down , and the subsequent laws passed under urgency . 
  our government has authority , but that 's not the same as authoritarian . 
  our laws work to ensure a balance of power ( for example between consumers and businesses , between employers and employees ) , whereas us laws tend to ensure people are `` free '' to use their power how they please . 
  power over , not power for . 
  authoritarian rather than egalitarian . 
  i believe the us wants to spread this approach and i know i want to resist it . 
  and your capacity to work . 
  probably need to pay closer attention to the 98 prices . 
  they used to always be 12c per litre more that 91 , but i noticed it was 15c the other day . 
  bit disappointing , because as prices increased , 98 effectively got cheaper ( in the sense the additional expense of 98 was an increasingly smaller proportion of the total fuel cost . ), 
  it 's helps if you 're familiar with the differences in employment law in the us and nz , for example . 
  consider the differences in rights between a us employee and a nz employee . 
  are you aware of those differences ? 
  if you wish me to elaborate further i would need to understand what you think those differences are . 
  if you 're not aware then the example is n't going to help you . 
  ah , that makes ( some ) sense . 
  thanks !, 
  the same is true of work ethic . 
  pointing out work ethic without acknowledging capacity seems a bit like blaming . 
   i 'm sure if you spent 1 billion more on benefits then people receiving assistance would be better off, 
  everyone would be better off . 
  what do you think happens to children raised in sub-optimal conditions ? 
  the same thing as everyone else . 
  they become your work colleagues , your neighbours , the people who you work for and who work for you . 
  the question is do you want to have to deal with their shit , or would you prefer that taken care of for you ? 
  only those who have absconded to their ivory tower would not notice any benefit . 
  nz ai n't broke , we 've got the cash . 
  we can come up with billions for roads , billions to bail out failing financial systems , i think we can come up with a billion for our community . 
  gone by monday !, 
  this stood out to me :, 
   he said the phenomenon was highlighted again in the 1980s when it was thought babies could learn to swim by being thrown into water . 
  we have believed some crazy shit about babies , no doubt still do . 
  clearly this is a justice issue . 
  everyone is fine and has what they need , only greedy criminals behave in such a way , amirite paula ? 
  they really do . 
  i do n't care for justifications , i 'm no judge . 
  seems like a better way to approach it would be to make the murders as random as the rants . 
  the player would never really be sure if they 'd heard the last murder . 
  wow , you must have terrible civil laws where you live . 
  aww . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you asked lemony snicket ( you could try his next ama ) he would tell you lemony snicket is his real name . 
  yeah , poverty is real logical . 
  loved it ... except i got stuck on a level and this was pre-youtube walkthroughs . 
  maybe i should give it another try ... 
  well , lorde has well and truly made it now . 
  with a weird al parody comes immortality . 
  he still lives on in my heart . 
  what is this milkshake you speak of ? 
  unless you 're in your 60s now , being 75 is gon na be a whole lot different for you than it is for this woman !, 
  gloating is n't nice , but i ca n't help but love where i live when i see these kinds of articles . 
  if something like this happened where i live , i could reasonably expect the responsible government cabinet minister to lose their job . 
  excellent !, 
  ashur and nick tarabay 's portrayal of him was one of the best parts of the series . 
  looks like they 're hoping to turn the whole thing into an elaborate sting operation . 
  i think you 'll be surprised !, 
  think of the advances in the last 35 years , the advances in the next 35 years will eclipse those advances over and over . 
  how does that solve the problem of people not being under the control of the state ? 
  that 's the point here is n't it ? 
  control .
