  i get the gothic appeal , but i think it would be beautiful . 
  and it can always return to gothic . 
  it 's probably a rally cry , keep the donations flowing . 
  a fast train between hamilton and auckland sounds like such a good idea . 
  i already know people who live outside of auckland but work in the cbd , because transit time is n't that greatly increased ( compared to living some places within auckland and driving during peak traffic ) and it means they can afford a family home . 
  i could see a lot of new growth amongst communities up along the route . 
  but things are n't getting sorted ? 
  we 're facing increasing problems . 
  the question is why are there so many homeless people now ? 
  why is the problem getting worse ? 
  i used to walk queen st in auckland regularly 10 years ago , and you 'd see just a handful of people on the street total . 
  now you see groups of people camped out together on the street . 
  at the end of the day , humans are evolved organisms like any other . 
  evolved organisms are geared to do the best they can to survive . 
  how is it that living on the street is suddenly the best decision available to some people ? 
  and before some rants on about there being better decisions for homeless people , that ' a great that you know that , but how come so many people suddenly lack this insight you 're lucky enough to have ? 
  not really . 
  bill english can be caught in a blatant lie while he 's the pm with minimal backlash . 
  if you 're poor and brown it seems what you did 20 years ago can come back to haunt you . 
  english lied . 
  he said he was n't aware of something he demonstrably was aware of . 
  national are demonstrably making nz worse while lying about it all the while . 
  turei was stupid while living in tough circumstances 20 years ago . 
  i agree the consequences will be more acute for those within the us , but they will be felt by many more and over a longer period . 
  climate change denial is probably going to have the most devastating impact . 
  but giving fascism a leg-up will have wide consequences too . 
  then there 's the wide array of foreign policy decisions . 
  some will be relatively minor , but cumulatively they 're significant . 
  the us is still the leading superpower despite its decline . 
  how the us goes , the world goes . 
  is it ... is it because winne the pooh does n't wear pants ? 
  it sounds like it 's being suggested that mao used steel as a measure of a nation 's success/worth/power . 
  however the significance of steel production changed , it no longer accurately represents success/worth/power . 
  steel no longer is an appropriate goal , it 's no longer something nations look up it . 
  to continue to focus on steel misses the spirit of mao 's message . 
  i 'm not saying this is right or wrong , just what i understand is being said . 
  i find it amazing we can do this . 
  park something so far away from earth and then send back pictures . 
  it 's like some kind of nightmare . 
  that 's what i assumed it meant . 
  that does n't seem to be sorting the problems we 're facing . 
  that seems like a superficial distraction from significant problems . 
  always hope for peace . 
  i figure that 's what the `` other discussions '' tab is for . 
  tragic . 
   morty is n't becoming rick he 's becoming sadistic , he 's becoming something worse, 
  i dunno , i think it 's just a continuation of each character being deeply flawed while also having many redeeming qualities . 
  rick was n't wrong when he pointed out morty was effectively willing to roofie - rape - jessica . 
  morty is definitely undergoing character development . 
  he 's showing weight of what he 's been through , which is a lot . 
  but bizarrely the world seems incredibly robust and tolerant to great disruption without any significant breakdown of society . 
  it can put up with giant heads and complete alien domination and then just snap back to a world where schools can send families to therapists . 
  it sounds the moh is insisting cantubury dhb reduce its level of service . 
  but not i 'm not hearing any justification for this demand aside from committing to a budget . 
  they do n't seem to be suggesting money is being wasted , it sounds like the opposite is true . 
  i get budgetary discipline is prudent , but no family is going to deny themselves healthcare to stick to a budget when they can afford to do otherwise . 
  i 'm not sure why the moh is expecting this of cantabrians . 
  is there a picture of you in a turtleneck ? 
  / r/france seems to really like this . 
  i think the standard national spin is how they 've provided more funding * at some point so everything is okay . 
  ( * funding probably means counting increased property values rather than money for patients , but that 's okay too . ), 
  well , i mean , this is / r/moviedetails . 
  the details matter . 
  yeah , but starvation is a bitch . 
  risk of death for the chance of a meal is good odds . 
  it 's about how auckland appears to nzers raised outside of auckland . 
  it 's not anything specific of substance . 
  ah , lemon-sweets . 
  fetch me a sleeping bonnet . 
   taco beef recipe ... taco seasoning, 
  what is this , a recipe by [ elza ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1kjsane.png ) ? 
  my opinion is the opposite , particularly for the reddit demographic :, 
  * it 's more important that you vote than who you vote for . 
  when politicians decide how they actually assign resources ( rather than stated policies that can be changed later ) they 're going to look at who is voting . 
  if you 're not voting , then the demographics you fall into will receive less consideration . 
  and why would the left wing respect either when it only seems to be applied to the powerless . 
  this is a perfect example . 
  english is trying to evade consequences for his behaviour while in power , turei has faced consequences for her behaviour while without power . 
  it 's a shame , because there are plenty of cost effective measures available . 
  but while people with mental health struggles are seen as worthless , any money spent is perceived as wasted . 
  and the consequences are seen as unrelated . 
  crime is about bad people , homelessness is reduced to a housing issue , poor education results is reduced to poverty . 
  when really all these things feed into each other without intervention . 
  most places buy chips , they cook consistently . 
  some places do hand cut chips , but seasonal variation with potatoes are a problem . 
   like seriously , why would you use your full name on kickstarter if you 've got such a dodgy background ? 
  the same reason they have a dodgy background in the first place : they 're not bright . 
   i respect him too much to lie to his face , so i ( stupidly ) answered honestly . 
  `` i 'm always looking out for opportunities . 
  do you have one to offer me ? '', 
  i ca n't stand making anything less than an accurate statement . 
  but i 'm always careful choose how i frame these statements . 
  if someone prefers different framing , that 's their choice , i stick to mine . 
   this is a totally unnecessarily vindictive way that is n't benefiting anyone . 
  yeah , but it feels good to be a boss , lording over loyal subordinates . 
  your employer is basically offering you free money . 
  the only thing you need to be able to demonstrate is that you 're working the job in good faith . 
  that , despite any unhappiness , you 're meeting your obligations as an employee . 
  this is something you should always be able to demonstrate if you want to avoid be screwed by your employer . 
  the rest they 'll do to themselves .
