  full commitment , perfect execution . 
  monster munch was my favourite . 
  the new ones are n't any good . 
   whanau ora is seen as a significant departure from the paternalism of previous governments, 
  i think the roots of this would be found with the last labour-green government . 
  a lot of community focused and driven health services were allowed to fail once national came into power in favour of sole service providers , justified by claims of efficiency i imagine . 
  so overall we 're back to the stern/indifferent parental model for most needy nzers . 
  whanau ora is a rare exception . 
  i suspect maori success under national is largely due to the maori party . 
  it 's not a magical cure-all . 
  but there 's [ stacks of science ] ( https://scholar.google.co.nz/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=manuka+honey ) on manuka 's particular antimicrobial properties above and beyond what is found in normal honey . 
  i think maori policy is the only thing key really got right , i recall him making a statement that nz has to accept we are a multicultural society built on a bi-cultural foundation . 
  however the gains will be undermined and probably pushed backwards once the kids growing up hard right now become adults and start spending money , voting and making their voices heard . 
  i was n't suggesting that eating it gives health benefits . 
  i do n't see that mentioned anywhere . 
  i suspect police officer training focuses more on how to deal with family violence than a thorough knowledge of the law . 
  if we want cops focused on the law we need to do more to deal with domestic violence before the police need to step in . 
  healthy boundaries are a part of anyone 's mental health , including boundaries with your employers . 
  as an adult you can assert if you need to work late in the evening you may come in late the following morning , or some other negotiated solution . 
  you do n't need a diagnosis for this . 
  if a solution can not be negotiated , there is the era to help out . 
  if your employer takes issue with this , tell them to suck it up . 
  managing employee needs is part of the cost of doing business . 
  obviously if you 're needing to play office politics to get ahead , well , that would be depressing . 
  if done right humans will never have to worry about the climate again . 
  the debt owed can probably show up on the books as an asset , so at least when it comes to publishing easily digestible stats for their supporters , there 's no problem for national . 
  the problem only falls on vulnerable people . 
  as far as national voters seem to be concerned vulnerable = lazy , unemployed drug users . 
  so everything is great . 
   feral pricks . 
  that 's what we raise in nz . 
  it 's very well understood the connection between upbringing and behaviour . 
  in nz we allow children to go to school hungry and return to violent households . 
  there 's no place for children to turn , and no place for adults to find compassionate help to improve their behaviour . 
  except maybe the odd church . 
  in nz we 're rich , we 're smart , we 're callous and indifferent . 
  no , it 's our fault for voting for the chance at a little extra cash at the cost of the quality of our community services . 
  in nz you will find families living in very low circumstances indeed . 
  they 're not kidding about socio-political science . 
  we were bonkers about that in the 80s . 
  exactly the response we have to needy people in nz . 
  i 'm sorry for interrupting your pity party . 
  i 'll let you go back to your fantasies of good people and bad people , how everything would be perfect if everyone was good just like you . 
  social responsibility exists too . 
  and there is no avoiding the consequences when we neglect this responsibility . 
  except with delusion and fantasy . 
  like believing in bad people sent by the devil . 
  believing that unlike the rest of the universe , humans are exempt from entropy . 
  that allowing the needy face socio-economic pressures alone has no impact , after all , personal responsibility amirite . 
  unwanted behaviour is only the result of bad people . 
  your judgements offer no value beyond your personal gratification . 
  at least you get to enjoy some feels , huh ? 
  we have a very well developed understanding of human behaviour . 
  people act in anti-social ways for complex reasons , it 's true . 
  but pretending there 's no relationship between poor social conditions and unwanted social behaviour only results in an increase of such unwanted behaviour . 
  as we 're currently witnessing in nz . 
  certainly , i agree that increasing gst was an instance of rich people acting like scumbag thieves . 
  it was n't a pun . 
  the downvotes are n't surprising . 
  how else do we have such a problem with homeless families for example . 
  because people are reticent to believe such problems really exist in nz . 
  do you dispute my claims , or do you just not care ? 
  wanting to help the needy so that we can have a happier , healthier society for everyone . 
  such political agenda . 
  i do n't dispute that the law was broken . 
  i have n't made any suggestion that those involved should n't face consequences . 
  were you doing the same work 10 years ago as you are now ? 
  i ask because i was involved in similar work about that time and left the industry due to the decline in resources along with a rise in need . 
  the work shifted from treatment to triage . 
  some of the consequences are directly obvious . 
  like a police officer concerned about the mental health of an individual who would go on to kill someone . 
  they tried to get them assessed but as they had n't reached a behavioural threshold they were not . 
  other consequences are less directly , like a victim of rape trauma not being able to get help , thus passing the trauma onto their children resulting in abbarent behaviour . 
  i ca n't parcel it up in a neat fact , but this kind of unwanted behaviour is the consequence of our decisions as a society . 
  wow , more ~ ~ grim ~ ~ great news for nz society !, 
  anyone fuming in [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5t9zr6/thieves_steal_bolteddown_playstation_from/ ) needs to consider the long term consequences of this and wonder about what other services have been cut to ineffective levels . 
  one consequence is people doing stupid shit they would n't otherwise do if the had the support they needed . 
  stealing from sick children is horrible , yep . 
  but that was done by a bunch of idiots . 
  these kinds of decisions are being made people who assumably are educated and responsible . 
  right now literally millions of dollars that would benefit nz as a whole are being stolen for the benefit of our wealthiest . 
  taking money from those who can least afford it and can do the least about it . 
  after saying that , no no , gst would not be raised if you give us the power . 
  you think it 's immoral for a rich society to let families fall into homelessness ? 
  i get where you 're coming from , but i 've always found morals to be largely empty . 
  it 's usually people telling other people how to behave , without offering justification or support . 
  rather than focusing on the moral aspect i think it 's more effective to see how homelessness impacts us all . 
  people who are homeless are much less suitable for work and much more likely to suffer from problems that may impact society . 
  from placing a larger burden on health care systems to behavioural problems such as what op posted . 
  yes , from everyone , not just those who can bare the burden . 
  given the widening inequality gap that the government refuses to address , i would say the government run by rich people for rich people . 
  i suspect infrastructure will get hit as regions experience deep cold for the first time . 
  i 'm particularly worried about temperature spikes in already hot regions . 
  people already die in numbers in some places . 
  how hot does it have to be to sterilise an area ? 
   yeah just get the goverment to generate all this money to pay for everything, 
  actually , we , the society would pay for it . 
  apparently we 've got this really good economy and have some of the lowest debt levels in the world . 
  we can afford it . 
  we are spending $ 1billion on prisons .
