  thus : context . 
  i removed the link as i did n't want people accidentally clicking it , thinking there was something of value on the other end . 
  np , i was being typically obscure . 
  the smell would come from bacterial waste , an anti-bacterial system would n't be that hard to implement i imagine . 
  perhaps she smelt like flowers . 
  they could be stinky flowers though i guess . 
  it 's amazing how a little concern from someone will bring out your true feels . 
  colour me unsurprised that jk thinks that he 's in the position to decide how kiwis have fun . 
  the argument `` there are plenty of other things to do '' could be applied to any recreational activity with an element of risk . 
  what happened to the cries of nanny state that beleaguered the previous government ? 
  the poop in the stillsuit theory must be sound . 
  people were being dicks long before they could be anonymous dicks . 
  all parents need support , plenty of kids get messed up by completely functional , unsupported parents . 
  i think it 's disappointing and scary that we let any first time parents go home alone with a new baby . 
  i suspect that this couple is far better supported than many . 
  i 'm holding my breath just looking at that picture . 
   if it 's one thing we 've learnt in the past decade , it 's that the internet is totally bonkers . 
  actually , it 's thanks to the internet that the lay-person has discovered that * we 're all a bit bonkers * , the internet allows us to be really aware of that . 
  however , people studying various social sciences learnt decades ago that we are all nuts . 
  i was certainly conflicted . 
  diverse sources are essential though . 
  one reason why i love al jazeera , they have their own spin , but it 's so very different from anything western it offers great contrast . 
  are you able to move to nz ? 
  it 's not straight forward . 
  but yeah , there 's not much help to be found here unless you have very specific questions . 
  i like your post , although i would put up with a lot more for consistently good , affordable food . 
  seriously . 
  the server could be all `` you want this ? 
  you want this food you pathetic shit ?! '', 
  and i 'd be `` please , i do , i * do-hoo-hoo * '' breaking down into sobs . 
  i would think you would be able to use the force as a lever . 
  you force-find the point where the least effort will generate the greatest result and apply ( the ) force . 
  i guess in the marvel universe we are completely defined by our genetics ... 
  i thought that was attributed to `` lady parts '' . 
  it 's just a comic though , i just thought it seemed like a bit of an archaic idea of a clone . 
  what 's that ? 
  a computer system with duplicates ? 
  that was my thought , but i saw this comment in the original thread :, 
  you 're right . 
  their assumptions might be completely inaccurate . 
  what about one of them reverse google search thingers ? 
  i heard you could do that with images . 
  maybe someone can do a hunt for the prime source . 
  probably just a random people . 
  looks like they 're out somewhere nice . 
  wide age spread , must be some kind of family oriented event . 
  lots of them with cameras , maybe a parade ? 
  unions complaining about cutting police officer perks ? 
  not everyone is having children though , and as we ensure the wellbeing of children around the world , populations reach a steady state . 
  at the rate we 're improving child wellbeing around the world we 're set for the population to stabilise between 11-14 billion . 
  i can accept it 's a choice . 
  i ca n't accept it 's not a disease . 
  the disease being that to the person having a drink , drinking is the best of all choices they believe are available to them . 
  the drinking preventing the development of better insight and capacity for accepting alternative choices . 
  we have done these studies , albeit unintentionally . 
  in late 40s/early 50s , germ phobia was at its height and there were plenty of orphaned or abandoned babies about . 
  hospitals tending to these children focused on keeping infirmaries germ free . 
  some hospitals were very effective at this , setting up stations so babies would receive a minimum of contact for feeding and changing , with no other contact otherwise . 
  the result was infant mortality rates of up to 70 % , few with mortality rates less than 40 % . 
  those that survived rarely grew up to be healthy . 
  eventually we figured out that infants need care beyond their basic physical needs and subsequently we have learnt that babies are primed for interaction , and need a connection to another to develop as a human . 
  it 's harrowing literature to study . 
  white men are saving the planet ? 
  are they ? 
  i thought we were letting things run its course ? 
  i have n't seen any evidence of any `` saving '' . 
  of course , if the world was going to be saved , i hope it 's saved for everyone , not just for those in positions of power . 
  my experience of stale coffee comes from too long a delay between grinding and brewing ( espresso ) . 
  more than 15 minutes and i start to notice degradation . 
  i did n't realise there was much of an issue between roasting and brewing though . 
  it 's a bit of a paradox is n't it ? 
  for this meme to succeed it must fail . 
  jellies . 
  for some reason i read that as `` spring-loaded '' and thought `` awesome '' . 
  life is amazing . 
  nothing is more important than family . 
  it does n't have to be your family of origin . 
  it 's nice when your family of choice is your family of origin , but there 's no reason it has to be that way . 
  self respect is perfectly acceptable . 
  hahah , my response was gon na be `` lookit them flippa-flappa legs ! '', 
  watch games online . 
  i recommend imperial dane . 
  i found i learnt a lot from watching others ' tactics and the commentary of alternative strategies and why they might be effective . 
  i think your misunderstanding is a common one , and some people put themselves through hell trying to live by that misunderstanding . 
  one would be a savant if they remembered every moment in their life . 
  it 's far from unheard where one person has an experience with another they consider significant and so attend to and remember it , but for the other there was no significance and retains no recollection of the event . 
  now if only that lawn could get some tlc . 
  you could do a patch at a time ? 
  hard work though i imagine . 
  also , looks like your daughter is showing that tree who 's boss . 
  no ent is going to mess with her !, 
  i watch this movie just for this scene . 
  yeah , neither of my mothers are worth a call . 
  made more painful by one who still wants to enjoy the benefits of motherhood without having done the hard work , who says `` just leave the past behind '' . 
  well if that 's the way you want it lady , you 're the past . 
  when you 're tumbling down the cliff it 's a bit late to be thinking about a fence . 
  superannuates are the ones who built this country , who elected the our governments . 
  if they wanted a fence , they should have built one . 
  it 's a benefit . 
  they did n't save up enough for their retirement so now need to depend on the government for handouts .
