  thanks mitch . 
  what about mark greatbatch ? 
  loved seeing him come out to bat late , sometimes to save the day . 
  this is n't a picture of lorde 's back , it 's a picture of a kiwi teen enjoying the ocean - a near universal experience for nzers - which is what lorde is . 
  if that creeps you out , the creepiness is coming from inside you , not outside . 
  do n't feed the trolls , it 's just a unfortunate creeper projecting their creepiness into others from what i can tell . 
  it 's easier to block , easy and effective wins the day . 
  i 'm not an expert on the matter , hence my desire to hear from independent experts . 
  i have some formal scientific expertise , i know that to understand research with authority one needs to know the fundamental principles of the discipline , the axioms , the history , the contentious issues and open debates . 
  also a mixing desk it seems . 
  and a sweet baby , so that 's nice . 
  i could hear it without the gifsound . 
  i would recommend the top of the [ coromandel , new zealand ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/port+charles/@-36.5234118,175.4639265,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d72fd6207f15e2b:0x500ef6143a2f9c0 ) , depending on what kind of tourist experience you are after . 
  it 's very rural and idyllic , you could stay at places [ like this ] ( http://www.holidayhouses.co.nz/port-charles.asp ) for very low cost . 
  the skies are excellent as you have hills to the west blocking light pollution from auckland , and the pacific ocean to the east . 
  i 've been there , i felt like i was standing on a rock floating amidst our galaxy , it was so clear . 
  we 're both part of the anglosphere , so getting in and communicating with locals will be no problem . 
  you could head down to the south island too , we have one of the largest dark sky reserves [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aoraki/mount_cook_national_park ) . 
  procrastination is the state of lacking the insight as to why you do n't want to do something . 
  timmy wants to do his mum ? 
  it 's probably due to poor and limited housing stock . 
  rather than the crappiest houses sitting empty , almost everything is occupied . 
  i 've found if you want a decent place , you need to hunt for it when there 's no pressure to move . 
  give it 2-3 months of checking for new listings daily , you 'll find a good spot for the right price . 
  then you must lack the insight as to how to change your behaviour ( if procrastination is defined as not doing something when you intend to do it . ), 
  third world squat is great for leg day . 
  if you know why you are not doing something , it 's not procrastination . 
  you 're making a choice not to act . 
  procrastinating as i understand it is the experience of having intended to perform an action at a certain time and not attempting to perform that action when despite believing you are able to at least make the attempt . 
  the intention being yours , rather than what someone else wants you to do . 
  if you understand procrastination as something else , obviously we 'll struggle to have a dialogue on the topic . 
  yeah , you definitely get that . 
  i remember when searching for a room , you 'd get places advertising double bedrooms for $ 150 , only to find a queen bed takes up 80 % of the room 's floorspace . 
  on one hand i do n't think you 're wrong , on the other i think this is something that is to be expected in flatting situations . 
  i have flatted for a long time now , and know that a dishwasher is essential to flat harmony , it makes cleaning up after someone else a less frustrating . 
  also , being judicious about who you select as a flatmate goes a long way . 
  having reached the age of adulthood does not mean one is an adult imo . 
  the article did say he called someone who would n't assist . 
  i guess stinging insects underneath the kids ' playhouse is enough to drive most parents to action . 
  you 're upsetting the kohi snobs . 
  like me . 
  you misspelled `` belgian '' . 
  nah , it 's mostly worthless . 
  i mean , i 'm obviously not going to convince you of this if you believe in magic and fairies and things like that . 
  however if you accept that humans like all living things are evolved organisms doing their best to survive with the resources available , perhaps i have a chance . 
  because i think that if someone needs to believe in the divine , in something beyond what they know and experience , it 's probably because what they know and experience tells them that their behaviour has no impact on their quality of life . 
  that however they act they 're going to have it shit . 
  but for some reason they want to treat people well , coming up with a belief , however irrational , is a way to do this . 
  i mean , for some life is a fucking freakshow of debauchery and murder . 
  children grow up seeing those they depend on being violently assaulted , grow up unsure of their survival , let alone any chance to thrive . 
  is all we have for the adults these children grow into is a judgement that they 're pieces of shit ? 
  of course , many want to believe they 're good people and that problems in the world are to do with bad people . 
  that all they can do is stand around with their hands on their hips in judgement . 
  cause that 's what good people do , right ? 
  the look on his face in the second makes it look like that 's how she got him to marry her . 
  great pics , such an elaborate first date !, 
  i appreciate your response . 
  i agree , this scene , this show , this statement is amazing . 
  rust 's views are fascinating and compelling and the show does a great job of showing how ultimately hollow and worthless they are . 
  he 's functional but not living . 
  it 's a brilliant show . 
  it 's beautiful out today . 
  sunny , breezy , blue sky , teal ocean , fluffly white clouds . 
  i 'm inside playing [ elite : dangerous ] ( https://www.elitedangerous.com/ ) . 
  ams you thinks that [ skwisgaar skwigelf ] ( http://dethklok.wikia.com/wiki/skwisgaar_skwigelf ) is typskical swedish deth metal guitarist ? 
  [ okahu bay ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/okahu/@-36.851602,174.8178925,1118m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d0d4832b0661bfb:0xe2d3b73e60fb1e33 ) is a good spot . 
  central with toilets and bbqs ( i think coin operated ? 
  ) , you just have to take any rubbish home with you . 
  was the story not covered by professional journalists ? 
   a police officer in an unmarked police car stopped the car and questioned her telling the driver to stay away while she was grilled , she said . 
  in such circumstances , a person would n't actually be required to speak to the police , correct ? 
  well that 's morbid . 
  when you say `` must provide their details '' what details is a passenger obligated to provide ? 
  at what point can a passenger refer a police officer to their lawyer ? 
  if you happen to know ... 
  thanks for that . 
  why i 'm asking is i 'm wondering if an uber passenger could meet their obligations to a police officer without discussing the uber service . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  we currently dump most of the waste from current generation methods straight into the atmosphere . 
  that 's not working out so good . 
  dang bullies and their art obsessions . 
  they did just show up all of a sudden did n't they ? 
  wow , taylor swift sure knows how to get her smoulder on . 
  lorde is more like `` weee ! '', 
  i prefer spiritual traditions that do away with good and evil as concepts humans are capable of grasping . 
  rather than `` good '' or `` evil '' people are instead considered `` real '' . 
  i always feel bad for kids who go to school on these days not knowing any safe way to speak about the domestic violence they 're exposed to . 
  / r/shutupandtakemymoney, 
  i thought the kitty just ploughed straight into the window not realising it was there . 
  moms comes checks on her sweets . 
  kitten detective force surveys the scene . 
  that how kittens needs to be pet . 
  they needs it . 
  that 's why i loved the movie . 
  it allowed me to watch a poignant tragedy i probably would n't have otherwise seen . 
  goes to show the state of our leadership in the west . 
  if anything positive has come from these events , it 's not the show of solidarity put on display around the world , it 's how they 're highlighting the hypocrisy of our leaders . 
  do you not see hypocrisy when leaders pass laws to make it legal for them to act in ways they condemn ? 
  i also wonder what laws you refer to that are being adhered to coherently and consistently ? 
   the picture of max , balzerian and another friend prompted a comment from kiwi singer lorde , who expressed her apparent disgust under the instagram post .
