  unless i 'm wrong ? 
  your tax burden strawman offers nothing . 
  you response absolutely was n't an answer . 
  you 're repeatedly ignoring the issues i have raised . 
  why is that ? 
  i 'm kind of on the same page , but i believe actions that are both self and other focused produce better results than selfishness or caring alone ( to paraphrase bill gates . ), 
  like roads . 
  everyone should build their own roads , damn commies !, 
  i was n't asking those questions specifically , i was demonstrating how the issue is complex , not something that can be reduced to a problem with the unemployed . 
  focusing on the unemployed , and a particular minority proportion of the unemployed is arbitrary . 
   the `` gate '' thing is a reference to watergate and all the other gate scandals . 
  people add gate to everything , just like they declare war on everything . 
  does n't really mean anything . 
  so hate this . 
  we had some ge corn thing in nz called corngate . 
  seriously , i do n't even . 
  noice , i hope i get some buttercream lovin ' for my 74th !, 
  i feel bitter-sweet about it . 
  like , i 'd be playing away , absorbed as you are then i 'd notice i was getting all sad and morose for some reason . 
  then of course i would know what was up : johnny guitar . 
  very disturbing . 
  perhaps you could meet :, 
  the whole thing was worth it just for the lightsaber battle between sidious , maul and his brother . 
  there were other saber battles that rated too . 
  the choreography must be much easier to animate than act !, 
  some episodes were absolutely trite and terrible too . 
  but anything for a good lightsaber battle . 
  not at all . 
  i get all up ons . 
  definitely relieved hearing this on the news this morning !, 
  you 'll find a nice place in the central eastern suburbs for around that . 
  near the beaches , near the city . 
  like mission bay , kohimarama , st heliers , st johns , remuera . 
  who said lightning ca n't strike in the same place twice ? 
   we have serious problems with how we handle both poverty and mental health in this country . 
  in the west in general . 
  maybe with the exception of the uk . 
  yeah , but it 's not like we can credit the guy with rational thought . 
  i 'm curious what vector led you to hank green that took so long to reveal this fact . 
  well , ultimately all actions are rational . 
  apparent irrationality as you say emerges from the frame of our values and beliefs , and our assumption those are shared . 
  my comment was more about how we ca n't be sure this person 's thoughts were so sound and coherent that we can assume we have insight into their motivations - because his actions are so alien to what most of us would consider acceptable . 
  must be , too slow for a meteor . 
  indeed . 
  the difference between most of the world 's nations and western nations is western nations are rich . 
  fo ` sure . 
  what 's fascinating is , given how much cross-over there is with the work john and hank do , that in viewing hank 's videos you never came across john . 
  obviously it 's completely possible , i just find it fascinating to wonder how that happened . 
  swole . 
  swole with egomania . 
  when i hear a woman say that to me ( with my name of course ) , that 's usually about when i show her my o-face . 
  that seems to be the popular opinion , but i have n't seen it verified . 
  it looks more like the bed collapsed when the dog hit turbo mode . 
  if there was a bitch or at least something without as much give , the dog would have remained in place . 
  a society would n't form , the children would die . 
  what happens to infants with minimal contact has already been observed . 
  they die , or grow up very sickly and would certainly die without supportive infrastructure , pre-built social constructs . 
  we know this as an unfortunate and terrible consequence of hospital germ policy for orphans in the 50s . 
  they would die suffering horribly . 
  humans are cued for social interaction at birth and die without it . 
  source : germ policy in hospitals for orphans in the 1950s . 
  if i was to have a favourite thing about john , it might be his relationship with death and his love of sharing it . 
  how do you sense logic ? 
  why do n't you demonstrate it instead . 
  tell me how it 's not arbitrary to frame the problem as the unemployed and the causes of unemployment when you could equally frame the problem as a lack of jobs and the causes of a lack of jobs ? 
  and you have a basis for that ? 
  it 's not obvious that a lack of jobs is a subset of people not being able to find work . 
  they appear more complimentary than anything , caught in the complex dynamics of our economic and social structures . 
  you 've identified a lack of jobs as a cause of unemployment . 
  the unemployed may be another cause . 
  the nature of available work might be another . 
  there are perhaps many others . 
  this `` subset '' argument does n't explain your arbitrary focus on the unemployed . 
  that 's probably the best insight she has , sadly . 
  well we are pushing people to get off the benefit . 
  hard to fault people for being self-motivated . 
  i do n't think we can generalise at all . 
  i imagine there are a variety of circumstances such people are in . 
  well , it 's not exactly people fully engaged with and benefiting from our system of laws and resource allocation that tend to engage is such an activity . 
  still , i 'd be surprised if there were many about that actually earned enough to be required to declare the income . 
  i do n't know . 
  i wonder if the average window washer does ? 
  she knew well enough to freeze or cut funding to services where those seeking them are too desperate to make a fuss . 
  you might want to check your knee , it appears to be jerking . 
  so what 's the process one must follow when uncle dave pays young jimmy $ 20 to mow the lawn ? 
  everyone is , it might just not be sunset when you 're looking . 
  i have a jerky knee myself , i sometimes see shitshots where there is none , so i understand . 
  i do n't know , it felt like that to me . 
  after 3 * years * life starts to feel a lot like [ this ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/1771436/2001-space-odyssey-warp-o.gif ) . 
  who are you again ? 
  i was n't concerned about your focus , but rather our government 's focus and why it is a focus . 
  i expect answers based on pragmatic reality , with numbers and figures . 
  do you know the process ? 
  what has this got to do with eating babies ? 
   i 'm from the uk and i 'm afraid this is a slight issue here . 
  your capacity for understatement confirms your status as a brit . 
  i guess i got lost in your endless circling . 
  not solely focus , but disproportionately focus . 
  you mean when you 're out on a boat ? 
  pretty sure that 's the only `` middle of no-where '' you can find in auckland .
