  i think it 's useful to know what information the general public is consuming , which is hard to do without also viewing that information yourself . 
  the richer we get , the more entitled we feel towards what we have . 
   any first year humanities course should teach you this . 
  yeah , but discussions on the internet are not academic discussions . 
  it 's very easy for a layperson who does n't want to accept the facts to find ways to refute individual studies , while being ignorant of the gross volume of papers that all say the same thing . 
  in fact , if you run a study that has a only small volume of women who have faced such abuse , you would need to consider your population an unrepresentative sample . 
  the evidence has been showing the same across the western world since we began serious scientific investigation over 100 years ago : girls and women are subjected to frequent domestic and sexual abuse . 
  it seems the standard of rigor required to demonstrate that we 're violent to those vulnerable in our society is much greater than , say , whether our farming practices are sustainable . 
  that 's not how it is at all . 
  those who refute such findings are n't pushing for more research to be funded . 
  rather , an apparent lack of rigor is a reason not to act , a reason not to provide funding and support . 
  this can be seen in the decades long gap between the research findings that pointed to children being traumatised in adult hospitals , and the introduction of specialised facilities for sick children . 
  humans . 
  that 's why . 
  i thought your dig at what a humanities student should know was uncalled for , particularly given it seems whatever your humanity studies were , it did n't discuss the extent and volume of domestic abuse in nz or western society as a whole . 
  someone with a sound background in social science research probably would n't need to stomp around with citations . 
  if you had such a background you 'd know that the rates of domestic violence are shockingly high . 
  you 'd be fairly sure that 33 % was generous , 1/7 ridiculous , and maybe curious about the nature of the research . 
  as to why any figures pop up all depends on definitions , research methodologies , etc. , etc. 
  but as i pointed out there has been over a hundred years of ongoing research in this area and great work has been done , children 's hospitals an obvious example ( of understanding psychological trauma , which is the driver for understanding domestic violence . ), 
  as such with certain studies , such as on domestic violence figures , if you 're not seeing certain figures you 're going to wonder about exactly what was being studied and how . 
  you can ask for citations , be curious , robust . 
  you can go about that the way you like . 
  you can get embroiled in this discussion we 're having or not , whatever your preference . 
  the tone of your posts is generally haughty , with you claiming to know `` how things work '' and what a `` first year student of humanities should know '' . 
  yet you demonstrate a clear lack of any knowledge of substance . 
  you come across as a layperson playing at expert . 
  which is a painful problem in social science , particularly around domestic violence . 
  people have a lot of opinions about human behaviour and strongly resist research that tells them something contrary to their opinions , and will demand more and more robust data , despite not understanding it . 
  and this has very real world consequences , such as the numerous rape crisis clinics that have been closed in recent years , along with other community services that those in power have decided are unnecessary . 
  if you have a genuine concern about domestic violence , i suggest you approach your investigations with some humility and sensitivity . 
  recognise what you do n't know before what you do know . 
  because for all of us the former greatly eclipses the latter . 
   america is n't the terrible place you think it is, 
  i read the various help and support subs . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  for example :, 
  * / r/assistance, 
  * / r/personalfinance, 
  * / r/legaladvice, 
  * / r/relationships, 
  some of the posts in these subs may as well go straight to / r/morbidreality . 
  if you 're not claiming to be an expert or evening hinting at being one , how do you know how things work ? 
  how do you know what a first year humanities student would know ? 
  who are you to call someone out about their experience ? 
  i 'm guessing this wo n't get through to you , you are welcome to your fantasies about my insecurities . 
   i never claimed how things work , apart from citations, 
  you said `` that 's not how things really work '' , implying insight into how things do really work . 
  which you 've admitted you lack , not that it was n't already clear . 
   i simply said that their experience is n't very convincing on the internet where anyone can claim any experience, 
  as i pointed out , the internet is n't academia and there are many reasons why someone would n't want to get into a debate over research with a layperson . 
  particularly when the person asking for citations looks like they 're trying to play at expert . 
  it may have been a joke , but it was a poor one . 
   however , i know how citations work and where the burden of proof lies . 
  if you do , you have n't demonstrated it in this discussion . 
   going into a conversation and just saying ` that figure is correct because i think so and i do n't need to prove it ' is pointless , if not actively harmful . 
  it 's neither pointless , nor harmful . 
  not that i `` just '' said what you claim . 
  as someone with difficulties around family , i am all about that movie . 
  stitch going out into the woods with the book calling out `` i 'm lost '' broke me . 
  trolls do n't always realise they 're trolling . 
  take [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/3x1ikx/living_in_fear_inside_our_domestic_violence/cy0ti1u ) for instance . 
  op probably thinks they 're being funny . 
  i would n't be surprised if someone took exception to that comment . 
  my boss has been trying to push fresh made reubens , with crisps like that . 
  they have n't been selling ( people have been buying the beef though . ), 
  i wonder if actually preparing one for display might help , cause that looks great . 
  that could be it . 
  it could be also that your reading comprehension sucks . 
  or perhaps something in between . 
  i do n't share your insecurities , so it does n't bother me which . 
  this needs to be addressed . 
  if we 're letting migrants be exploited then we 're teaching these migrants it 's okay to exploit others . 
  not a value we want to grow in new zealand . 
  rare kudos to the government for taking action . 
  we 've had some drainage works where i live and a local tui has taken up the beeping of one of the trucks that was there as its song . 
  it 's a bit maddening when it 's nearby , but also funny . 
  you 're either ignorantly racist or you have an academic basis for your claims . 
  which is it ? 
  nothing like a sweet anecdote to make it seem like your baseless beliefs have substance , eh ? 
  if we stopped immigration , who would work the jobs that immigrants currently do ? 
  we do n't have a problem with unemployment in nz . 
  we could start paying more for unskilled work to attract locals to the jobs , but that would draw people from the skilled workforce . 
  yes , and there is a section of the unemployed for whom there is no suitable work . 
  i mean our unemployment rate is low . 
  it 's not the lowest it 's been , but very low unemployment rates have problems of their own , such as employers having a difficult time filling positions . 
  there 's certainly some of that currently , exacerbated by the strong compulsion for people to find work , meaning employers have to sort through many unsuitable applicants . 
   `` she came across as being the sort of person who had had a hard life , dealt a few bad cards , and was trying to make good of it , '' leung said . 
  if scamming free rent seems like a good idea to her , she certainly has missed out on something in her upbringing . 
  like everyone , landlords need boundaries , if someone has a hard luck story and you want to help them , help them find support services . 
  usually it 's the other way around though , with tenants struggling to maintain boundaries with landlords . 
  yeah , that 's what i mean . 
  that works for awhile , until your liver starts to age and you 're left with 3 day hangovers . 
  they 're fucked anyway , may as well make some mooneeh !, 
  are they looking for atlantis ? 
  or is it pirate gold ? 
  will they drill for it if they find it ? 
  i think there 's a perception that oil and gas extraction overly focuses on what can be gained to the detriment of what can be lost . 
  maybe it 's a net win , but i do n't think the general public feels like they have a say over what 's gained and lost , and who benefits most . 
  i do n't at least .
