  it 's so dodgy you can be asked for your ss number for everything . 
  if someone was like `` hi , can i have your unique personal identifier ? '', 
  i would respond `` no you ca n't , i value my privacy . '', 
  fortunately that 's not a legal question to ask where i live . 
  it 's just what you have to expect under a national government . 
  the most vulnerable cop the short end of the stick , and those in better positions complain about being exposed to the other side of life . 
  i am referring specifically to the budgeting cuts and freezes to community services since national took office . 
  depends on local laws . 
  where i come from tenancy laws applies to the people signed onto the tenancy agreement only . 
  if the couple had been living together continuously for two years or more then they would be common law married and would have to split stuff down the middle unless there was an alternative formal agreement . 
  so at that point there might have issues , but not tenancy issues . 
  i 'm not sure what i prefer more , the chemical reaction or her 's . 
  she 's super into it !, 
  i guess people think i 'm making a knee-jerk anti-national statement . 
  but i was training and working in a variety of community roles and managers were actively reducing services as a `` shifting of priorities '' as a result of the election and re-election of national . 
  i 'm talking about things like counselling services attached public education , rape crisis clinics , community mental health services , etc. 
  services typically referred to as `` the coalface '' . 
  hard , dirty , unappreciated work that has observable , real-world consequences . 
  sure , a rape crisis clinic might not directly prevent homelessness , but often women and men seeking these services make a home , have others depending on them . 
  when they can no longer cope , the may force those who need them out . 
  looks like a hippy or pacifist monk who 's had a break down . 
  they just have to let it all out . 
  want to not understand things further ? 
  no time passed for the light the left the explosion at the point it reached us . 
  ah the old `` we know we need someone for a job , cause we 're not getting shit done , but we do n't know exactly what that job is or exactly what needs to be done . 
  let 's just hire someone and let them figure it out . 
  it 's what we 're paying them for after all ! '', 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  we would need to build a lot of infrastructure which would not be well utilised after the events . 
  as a skilled computer wrangler i do n't like working on others personal computers because of all the personal information i know can be found inside that i do n't want to stumble across . 
  `` oops , did n't want to delete that , just retrieve it from the recycle ... bin ... which is full of nude selfie thumbnails . 
  guess i do n't need that file after all . '', 
  i agree this would be true for smaller events ( like the rugby world cup ) . 
  but we just do n't have the population density to support these kinds of services the way cities like vancouver can . 
  and it is that kind of infrastructure that would be required to support a major international event like the olympics . 
  boom !, 
  you can take the man out of whangarei , but you ca n't take whangarei out of the man , eh ? 
  that 's interesting what you say about homosexual identity . 
  do we know when people started taking on this identity ? 
  my largely non-scholarly understanding is prior to industrialisation where we started measuring and defining everything , people had the sex they wanted without categorising themselves one way or the other . 
  i assume though that practices were very diverse and dependant on the local community . 
  no , i have not i am afraid . 
  a lot of money on a gamble i reckon . 
  if you want a legit suit , buy a legit suit , if you 're looking for work gear on the cheap , hallensteins . 
  it wo n't look great , but it 'll do the job and you 're probably working a job where people care more about your output than your italian woven nz merino . 
  yeah , that 's fair , i get that . 
  i guess my knee-jerk interpretation is that this kind of post in / r/conservative suggests the issue is libertarian values , which does n't makes sense when we 've seen this before in a conservative context . 
  there are some sound critiques of libertarian values , which is more my interest . 
  is there a video with actual fighting ? 
  this is exactly right . 
  there explicitly has to be downward pressure by the player on the ball touching the ground to score a `` try '' . 
  as the defender managed to place himself between the ball and the ground , the player was unable to score . 
  it does n't make any sound and occasional does this thing :, 
  seen it around occasionally . 
  i think it might just be young . 
  do they act on their threats ? 
  i was n't planning on moving . 
  she 's seen the world now she wants more . 
  can you deny her the adventure she craves ? 
  it 's a fantastic engine , no doubt . 
  looks to me like it 's the waltons who are really the ones creaming it . 
  ~ $ 145b between them . 
  very nice , with the blue depths . 
  this will never happen to me . 
  i 'm too paranoid to let go of the thing that ejects explosively ignitable fluid until its back in its cradle . 
  yeah , i 'm paranoid . 
  i would n't mind playing vanilla , but i would get well dominated . 
  can anyone recommend a sound introduction to our contemporary understanding of morality ? 
  training as a therapist there was importance placed on not applying our own moral values onto our clients , suggesting morality is subjective . 
  however this view seems in conflict with other views of morality which suggest moral values are universally applicable . 
  where is `` here '' ? 
  if you 're tasting something it 's probably chlorine due to purification , however most large centers have purification processes that product a better result than what you get in most bottled water . 
  there was a consumer article about it awhile back . 
  and also they have parents wasting their money on a useless product !, 
   christian/jew/muslim god is so petty . 
  if it exists , it just ca n't be anything close to what they think . 
  could you consider that their own religion is n't what they think ? 
  what each of these religions believe is not coherent amongst their followers . 
  there are christians and muslims that have more in common with each other than others who share their religion . 
  my faith might be considered radical by some in the sense that it does away with good and evil . 
  if a person is good or evil that is god 's judgement and god 's alone . 
  as soon as i say `` you are evil '' i have stepped out of my faith . 
  but for others who say they share the same faith , discerning good and evil is at the core of what they do . 
  which is helpful for me because i can see the fruit of their faith and how distasteful it is . 
  this is how my faith teaches to judge : by the fruit of our works . 
  and when kids like this turn 18 ( if not before ) , society will demand exactly the same of these kids as a kid raised in a caring , supportive family that 's part of a caring , supportive community . 
  demands usually made via our `` justice '' systems . 
  hahah , tell that to ukraine . 
  you seem smart enough to realise that what people think about god is n't necessarily what god is about . 
  i was hoping to help you take the next step in realising that what people think about a particular religion is n't necessarily what that religion is about . 
  because insight can be shared without losing it , so why not share ? 
  if you were wondering why i replied at all . 
  what you are saying can not be what i am saying , because i find it very difficult to make general statements about judeo-christian/islamic teachings that i feel are accurate . 
  each belief system affords a diverse range of beliefs about the nature of god within it . 
  it 's only people and systems of power that try to insist you understand god and religion a particular way . 
  it 's very easy to read ancient texts in a silly way . 
  you read early books on medicine you 'll find a lot of nonsense . 
  but if you 're reading these ancient books , you 're probably not trying to figure out how to mend a broken bone or treat a fever . 
  you 're probably trying to grasp something deeper . 
  likewise with ancient religious texts .
