   did n't expect so much hate from this community . 
  if you 're stepping into the community , you 're always rolling the dice . 
  stochastic phenomena and all that . 
  maybe not expect it , but anticipate it maybe ? 
  so ... where can i get one of these shirts ? 1, 
  i originally thought that ... but then i realised i like how it did n't make it so obvious what the shirt was . 
  it 's not like `` bam , solar system '' , it 's more like ... `` oh hey , that 's the solar system '' . 
  personal preference of course . 
  is n't it interesting how backwards we have it ? 
  we trust our untrustworthy media and governments , but we do n't trust our science which has been demonstrated to be trustworthy time and time again . 
  i wonder if that 's by accident ... 
  now i just have to figure out what the layperson can do with a knowledge of recombinant proteins . 
  it 's the school you need to consider . 
  from personal experience some of the schools are quite grim ( due to lots of kids living in poverty attending them . ), 
  unless you can afford a sweet charter school somewhere ? 
  compulsory employment ? 
   this is one of the things that most irritates me about the nerdfighter community, 
  i just do n't think we 're that special . 
  you 're talking about being human and amongst humans , rather than anything about nerdfighters i think . 
  the house of lords doth protest too much ... 
  i would bend the knee - from pure fear , pure respect . 
  you ever wondered what happens to a baby if you raise it with the minimum of human contact ? 
  well you could find out , because in the 50 's that how hospitals were run . 
  some hospitals had signs advising of minimal contact and stations designed to hold the babies without human touch for feeding . 
  not out of malice ( but surely due to a few cold hearts - of which there was no shortage post wwii ) , but out of a belief the children should be spared any potential exposure to germs . 
  the results are pretty obvious though ; death or severe developmental problems . 
  damn catholics !, 
  oh ... damn british parliament !, 
  read the title , op !, 
  if they had to do a stint in hospital as a young child , quite possibly . 
  the babies were mostly war orphans or abandoned . 
  for older children ( young toddlers ) who were likely to have parents , visits were discouraged as they `` disturbed '' the child . 
  because if the children were left alone long enough , they fell silent , just what a busy hospital would want . 
  seriously though , $ 2 for half a kg of bacon ? 
  i do n't think i could eat a meat so cheap . 
   it almost put me off eating bacon again . 
  that 's a crime . 
  wow , that sounds like me , except i rely on robust employment law rather than cash in the bank to balance my employer 's power over me . 
  sorry , just , it really grinds my gears hearing how employers in other countries get to screw their employees with impunity . 
  your uncle sounds like the complete opposite of that kind of attitude though ( using power/wealth over others ) , awesome !, 
  a reminder of why i get to live in this country . 
   pm goes to waitangi . 
  people do n't like them . 
  rinse . 
  repeat . 
  that 's what you hear , a lot more goes on however . 
  if you watch out for creeps you 'll find them . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd want to let some random caller have that kind of influence in my life . 
  it sounds like the experience was upsetting for you , sorry about that . 
  i 'd take that course , i suck at parallel parking . 
  although , on second thought , i 'm not sure i 'm up for becoming a badass chick for the sake of parking skills . 
  hahah , cadbury is the dominant chocolate here in nz , and it 's cadbury that insults the cadbury name with the shenanigans they pull ( e.g. 
  switching to cheap , environmentally unfriendly palm oil , reducing block size by 10 % ) . 
   i think john key 's statement that we should look to the future more is incredibly relevant - we are the stage where treating pakeha and maori as different classes of human beings ( in terms of having special rights ) because of something that happened in the past is an outdated and useless approach to improving the country we have now . 
  my understanding is john key specifically said that we could not move forward as a country if we did n't accept that we 're a multicultural society built on a * bi-cultural foundation * . 
  which is the complete opposite of `` the past is in the past '' sentiment you have . 
  if we start ignoring history , our whole society will unravel . 
  unless you want to throw away land ownership rights , for example ? 
  who owns what is firmly rooted in historic agreement . 
   most of the treaty of waitangi settlement money has been wasted away, 
  you have a source for that ? 
  i keep up with the news , i 've not heard any such thing . 
  i hear about money being squandered in the media often ( take novapay for example ) , but nothing to suggest that most treaty money had been wasted ? 
  my 2degrees mobile service seems highly functional , for example . 
   lark voorhies is going face crazy . 
  but i 've never seen the show , so i was n't sure it was supposed to be until :, 
   it 's not like i was in one or two episodes . 
  i was in 10 !, 
  that 's over 10 % of the 86 episodes in the series !, 
  at this point i was like ... this * is * supposed to be . 
   i can honestly say i feel no real connection to waitangi day, 
  fill those gaps in your knowledge . 
  particularly learn history , not just nz history but world history . 
  discover how one thing flows onto another , and discover what in particular has led to the situation you find yourself in . 
  waitangi day aside , you will greatly enrich your understanding of your place in the world , and what 's going on where you are . 
  there are some great contemporary books about the history of nz . 
  at the end of the day it 's up to you to pursue what you want . 
  so what proportion of settlements are squandered ? 
  are we sure this is n't well within the bounds of expected losses due to general human failings ? 
  we could find pakeha ventures that have failed spectacularly to great consequence in recent years . 
  if you 're informed i 'm sure you can think of instances where kiwi investors have lost hundreds of millions of dollars . 
  i 'm not surprised , growing up in nz , i know down syndrome is n't stigmatised . 
  many work jobs if that 's what they want to do and they 're able . 
  you 'd no more give up a child if they had down syndrome that you would if they were had a missing limb , or something else that would add to the challenge of raising a child . 
  at the same time , i do n't think this would be picked at birth . 
  i thought you could test very early for this , making the decision long before a baby arrives ? 
  maybe i 'm mistaken . 
  holy shit , i mean come on hawkeye !, 
  things could have gone a whole lot worse right there !, 
  well if we do n't know , it would be only our bias and prejudice that tells us the money is being wasted . 
  no very helpful i do n't think . 
  mmmm , i love time . 
  i stumbled onto some sweet insight about time since i was around 5 - that all my life up to any point has taken but a moment in time , and that 's all my life will ever be . 
  so i stay in the moment , which is all time as far i 'm concerned . 
  as a result time does n't really pass , i always find myself in state . 
  if that makes sense . 
  this is probably one of the more reasonable things i 've seen posted here . 
  i mean , you 're always on safe ground taking a stab at disney . 
  disney surely stands for distorted reality as real life . 
  we 've all had bacon fight back , he would learn just like the rest of us !,
