  seeing each other and how we 're living is an important part of social development and cohesion . 
  of course it 's fake . 
  it 's a form of reality tv right ? 
  success would be measured by viewers and advertising revenue . 
  `` lmao '' ? 
  is n't that something a lame nerd on reddit would say ? 
  lmao, 
  how did you figure out how much cocoa was needed ? 
  doubling the cocoa in brownies usually just makes them more awesome ... 
  nigel latta is one of them . 
  i could n't believe when i got to the end of one of his books ( into the darklands , second edition i think ) and he 's talking about how amazing the guys running this show are . 
  check out hospice stores , they have all kinds of old stuff like that . 
  i ca n't remember the details , i was writing a paper on antisocial personality disorder , which i can tell you sucks ( both having apd and reading/writing about it . ), 
  i think he went out with the crew and was bedazzled . 
  well , it 's really the people with the machines who are learning . 
  which might be why elon and hawking want ai regulated . 
  i was lucky to get lollies as a kid , these days kids get drugs and toys . 
  `` what the caterpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly . '', 
  well , it was unlawful . 
  but people found out , so they changed the law . 
  and so it goes . 
  they 're certainly endearing , [ here 's 5:45 ] ( https://youtu.be/5qoq-43o_my?t=345 ) . 
  well you 've got this whole business with the auditor general right now . 
  national is n't exactly is a position to extol the virtues of incorruptibility . 
  if anything , this is probably a good time for this to come out for turei . 
  and this is all national needs to do to remain in power . 
  they just need to keep telling us everything is fine , their supporters will believe it . 
  those sound likes places poor people live . 
  why would we spend money there ? 
  what about the collapsed mental health industry ? 
  begging on the streets we were n't dealing with 10 years ago ? 
  cyf failing ? 
  i figure the only way national keep getting elected is their supporters only listen to what national tell them . 
  all other stats are fine though . 
  health stats , housing stats , they 're all just as they appear . 
  how would it digest this ? 
  does it throw up the bones and feathers ? 
  naw , just sophisticated i think . 
  it has replies to obvious replies . 
  i do n't think you deserve the downvotes . 
  i disagree with you , but your perspective is helpful . 
  in the media what i 've seen is an over inflation of petty issues that impact the opposition , while the problems of those in power get downplayed . 
  how many ministers have had to resign or leave their positions because of poor behaviour ? 
  how many areas of improvement have turned into areas of decline ? 
  it 's only in recent years where the problems of the current government 's policies have become so acute and apparent that the media has started to maintain some coverage of them . 
  but there 's still no real connecting the dots . 
  we do n't know what it would mean if she did step down . 
  clearly the party thinks turei staying is less harmful . 
  i wonder who would replace her if she did step down . 
  i 'll still vote green , nz 's getting fucked over right now by those in power . 
  i 'm not going to let petty politics get in the way of doing what i can to change that . 
  if only we had some kind of high level official , a general auditor of sorts to investigate these claims ... 
  it 's only reversing entropy . 
  how hard could that be ? 
  yeah , but barry and campbell are clearly biased towards intellectualism over ideology , which means they 're biased against the current government . 
  intellectualism is n't an opinion . 
  you can either demonstrate a basis for an opinion/policy in disciplined academia or you ca n't . 
  did you notice how national are shit at social policy ? 
  did you notice that national shut down [ the government 's social policy journal ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/ ) ? 
  i 'm not wrong . 
  national base their social policy at least on ideology , with predictable results :, 
  [ fears for sex abuse victims under new guidelines ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/16018/fears-for-sex-abuse-victims-under-new-acc-guidelines ) ( 2009 ), 
  [ acc sex-abuse claims down by 36 % ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/110951/acc-sex-abuse-claims-down-by-36-percent ) ( 2012 ), 
  [ acc overhauls sexual abuse care service ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/267591/acc-overhauls-sexual-abuse-care-service ) ( 2015 ), 
  i mean , there 's all the trauma in general i think . 
  or maybe a side effect of something rick 's done to him . 
  [ * some * bananas ] ( https://youtu.be/ycjhqn4ltq4?t=36 ) . 
  the government is claiming success ? 
  at what ? 
  it 's good marketing for wayne tech . 
  it did n't always . 
  academic insight held much greater value 10 years ago . 
  now all that matters is a positive sound bite from a government minister . 
  well , there 's ritchies for their statement and the paper for choosing that letter to publish . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  it looks fun , but there 's so much death and injury in that picture . 
  underrated . 
  it 's the nature of the machine they 're operating . 
  it 's deceptively dangerous and a frequent cause of death , particularly of children . 
  there 's not much room for the unexpected . 
  maybe the law takes this into account , the deputy leader pre-empting any uncertainty that might be used to score political points by getting the high court to make a ruling . 
  surely the point is to demonstrate the continued high demand for prisons ? 
  it 's shocking . 
  yeah , what a nightmare . 
  i guess it does show the state of the government , i think fault is something you 're projecting into the artwork . 
   -- can you tell me what i 'll be doing one second from now ? 
  bill english is a demonstrated liar . 
  it 's good . 
  but i think a lot of that is that it would be terrifying to live most other places . 
  apart from the wonderful ecology and people , there are a lot of protections ordinary nzers enjoy that mean we 're so much less likely to fall victim to inevitable random bullshit . 
  and there are plenty of kids in nz right now oblivious to any of that , trapped in any number of nightmares that lie in wait for the children of nz . 
  i 'm sorry the world 's so dark . 
  it 's great if you 're in the light , but it 's so easy to slip into plunging depths . 
  reminds me of the chaos engine . 
  that game was epic . 
  capybara should have everything they want . 
  tell her to keep them in her desk , and threaten to hang them and other bad memes if kids forget their shit . 
  the scorpion is one of childhood 's fundamental forms . 
  i had to stop playing for a few days getting up to that guy , i was getting too wound up . 
  it 's a shame , it would look gorgeous pristine .
