  and from a generation ago the terms seem reasonable to many . 
  but i do n't think the agreement reflects the values of everyone nor do i think they 're values that will necessarily persist . 
  enforcing these values into such binding agreements will indeed ensure these values do persist . 
  but that 's a horrifying imposition by a privileged few from my perspective . 
  even if what 's in the tpp matches our current law , it does n't mean we might not opt to change that law , maybe completely change the state of the media landscape in nz , if we so choose . 
  but if we 're bound by this agreement , shaping our own path becomes more difficult . 
  stable agreements are great for making money , i get that . 
  i 'm not sure that 's what we need right now . 
  we 're making money but it gets soaked up at the top and yet more economically burdensome at the bottom . 
  if the tpp remedies that problem , then maybe i would wonder if the pay off is worthwhile after all . 
  it 's interesting that you do n't refute my position . 
  i had hoped you would tell me that i was wrong in some way . 
  instead you 've trivialised my concerns . 
  it 's my soul , it 's my spirit on the line . 
  it 's the spirit of the community i grew from . 
  having outsiders form the shape of it for their profit is actually horrifying . 
  real horror , not r18 horror . 
  not trivial . 
  i get you do n't see this . 
  but others might . 
  i 'm not insulted . 
  any wound is caused by harsh reality , not you . 
  we all create stuff . 
  does the tpp ensure we all get paid ? 
  maybe i 've misunderstood it all this time . 
  that 's all it says ? 
  huh . 
  i thought the tpp was a great deal longer than that . 
  like volumes . 
  yeah , the true value of ethereum is as a platform . 
  although right now there 's good money to be made mining ethereum , unlike bitcoin . 
  bitcoin is dominated by a few big miners now , right ? 
  i think you 're oversimplifying what the tpp states about copyright . 
  i think you 're oversimplifying the whole tpp . 
  i suspect you oversimplify these kinds of agreements and their significance in general . 
  goodnight , \u2665 your trollboy/girl . 
  maybe `` hamstrung '' is the word i was looking for . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  the non-social media has memes too , right ? 
  you can , but you would need to manage your money well . 
  it really depends on your rent and transport expenses . 
  how do you feel about the level police funding suggested by the prosecutor ? 
  got ta wonder how much more of this kind of behaviour is going on unnoticed ? 
  is it a knock-on when it 's off the face ? 
  justice is for those who can afford it , you reckon ? 
  waller was a fantastic villain really . 
  mindfulness practice is simple and effective . 
  there are endless apps and guides for mindfulness meditation . 
  mostly it 's a matter of practice and discipline . 
  like building up a muscle . 
  basically how it works is you choose to deeply focus on something . 
  it can be your breath , or trying to notice every sound you can hear , or the details of a flower , the sensation of sitting in a chair , anything you like . 
  focusing on something pleasant is a good way to help with stressful thoughts . 
  when you start out what will happen is you will very quickly become distracted and start thinking of something else . 
  the key here is to notice this and then draw your attention back to what you chose to focus on . 
  every time you notice your distraction , draw you attention back to your focus . 
  over and over . 
  like going to the gym , the results are n't immediately obvious , but with continued practice you will develop much more control over your thoughts . 
  this is n't a cure-all though . 
  you may be suffering from some kind of trauma that a therapist can help with . 
  children do automatically pick up their parents values : their unconscious values that is , not explicitly stated values . 
  we pick up values from elsewhere too , but our parents are the biggest source of our values and beliefs . 
  that cat seems to have a `` what have i done '' moment . 
   not really . 
  and yet , here is your post , tagged controversial . 
  capital punishment places the entire responsibility on the individual , letting society and the state off the hook . 
  the catch cry of personal responsibility is common in the west too . 
  after all , it is easy to be aware of one 's own agency , but it 's hard to understand how we are compelled by forces greater than us . 
  which suits those are the reigns of such forces just fine , allowing them to make decisions in their favour , ignoring the consequences thrust upon the vulnerable . 
  harsh punishments are gratifying for some , but they solve very little . 
  `` patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel . '', 
  what you say is what made her a truly believable villain . 
  `` evil '' villains do n't do it for me . 
  her choices directly lead to the destruction of a city . 
  the joker ai n't got shit on waller . 
  i 'm glad to be of help . 
  one thing i like about mindfulness practice is you can do it anywhere , anytime . 
  i 'll spend literally only 10-20 seconds focusing on something while waiting in line at the supermarket . 
  or while i 'm eating i 'll do must best to focus on my food and the sensations of eating ( which has the added bonus of making my meal more enjoyable . ), 
  something else i find helpful is to refrain from judging my distractions . 
  rather than being disappointed or angry that i ca n't focus , i 'll notice the feelings , accept i 'm distracted , then return back to my focus . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he has exactly the credentials national is looking for in an auditor general . 
  national are the ones with the greatest influence in parliament , right ? 
  is it sweet in the centre ? 
  good info , thanks . 
   1 news has obtained a recording of a meeting between jim morton and police prosecutor ben vanderkolk . 
   mr vanderkolk said in the recording that there is no money in the police budget to retain an expert , stating police have a limited budget and much of the esr budget has been used on homicides in the central region . 
   but he today distanced himself from those comments and told 1 news it came down to evidence . 
  i guess prosecutors must be known for spinning shit they have to distance themselves from . 
  national was to introduce a practice that correlates with corruption . 
  who woulda thunk . 
  so they spin tales ? 
  interesting . 
  that statement is the centre of the whole article . 
  it 's more evidence that nz 's public services are underfunded and struggling . 
  of course the crown prosecutor is n't going to make a public statement about police workload and funding levels . 
  it is evidence . 
  maybe you 're thinking forensic evidence , which is not what i 'm talking about . 
   it was obviously an incorrect/exaggerated statement,
