  it seems the general sense in this discussion is that no , ai will not improve . 
  which is good news , i might actually get around to writing the ai i have in mind before someone else beats me to it . 
  i still have lots of math to learn though . 
  it 's happening here , we 're supporting each other . 
  yay humans !, 
  the ai i have in mind would operate independently of the player . 
  skyrim does this to a limited extent , agents have their own daily routines they follow , but the agents are n't really doing anything other than following their per-determined paths . 
  what i am thinking about is an ai with hundreds of thousands of agents acting interdependently all with their own lives and histories intertwined with the lives and histories of others . 
  you know , so when you 're fighting those bandits , they have ( or had ) family , a community , etc. 
  so when you kill them this has a ripple effect . 
  maybe the roads are a bit safer , maybe a family grieves . 
  and as you play these ripples get broader and broader . 
  the biggest challenges ( aside from the heavy math - linear algebra ftw ) i think are language/communication and seeding . 
  that kid 's message was pretty clear and consistent . 
  got ta be a good feel , making your daughter smile like that . 
  have you ever tried in your best grown up voice asking `` i beg your pardon ? '', 
  might be a more appropriate regional equivalent . 
  of course , i appreciate many school systems have structures in place to squash anything that is n't absolute submission to authority , in which case you have my sympathy . 
  the idea is to develop a core ai of this nature , essentially a society simulation , and then gamify it in various ways to make it fun to play ( which a pure simulator would n't be . ), 
  there are a lot of options , but i 'd really love to build a dynamic rpg , d&d style . 
  it would be quite fun building magic systems and having magic fully integrated with society . 
  massive amount of processing involved , which is why the time is right for an ai like this , because a modern pc packs a heck of a punch . 
  not so sure about next-gen consoles . 
  haha , aussie kids shows in the '90s always had hottie presenters wearing slinky outfits . 
  yeah , it 's definitely a missing element from a lot of games at the moment . 
  there are a number of ways to go i think . 
  having a pre-set story would be more difficult , less organic , it will be a lot easier to create a more `` sandbox '' type world , rather than the fairly linear story-type structures and outcomes . 
  however i think you could get the engine into a state where it has a functioning society on the verge of collapse or war , something you could participate in and influence . 
  one idea is a game that is kind of like spore : you start of typical level 1 rpg character , go through a fairly typical adventure , overcome whatever evil is rising in the land , or be the evil that overcomes current powers , with the idea that when you `` win '' , you are put in charge of some people and land ( or the city/country ) and can start playing the game more like a civilization game . 
  i particularly like the idea of have different species like orcs , elves , trolls , etc. , all having their own social groupings , ways of living , etc. , with challenges like either destroy the goblins that are killing the villagers - or find a way to live in harmony with them . 
  bebop and rocksteady have got to be amongst my favourite `` bad guys '' . 
  i keeps it real . 
  have to get me to norway sometime . 
  i dunno , i think i want to * be * a ferret . 
  looks like a pretty sweet gig , snoozin ' round , getting groomed . 
  probably gets all the nibblin 's it wants too . 
  i 'd be curious just to know what field of science this question falls under . 
  energy without space would not result in this reality , space seems to be an essential component . 
  the amount of space relative to energy appears to impact the behavior of energy , so much so that you ca n't really say matter existed in the very early stages of the universe . 
  it 's only when the universe had expanded sufficiently to allow for bosons to form that you can start saying matter exists , which to me says this space , which exists in a quantity relative to energy , is part of what makes up matter . 
  but that 's probably semantics , so please forgive me . 
  is this like some kind of dawn of the dead/planet of the apes mashup ? 
  that 'd be pretty righteous . 
  see a therapist or a counsellor who can both understand your particular personality ( introvert/extrovert is a nice start , but exceedingly simplistic ) , while also being aware of the socio-economic conditions you are likely to find yourself in . 
  cool !, 
  it seems he 's hanging out with richard horvitz . 
  i thought christianity was about grace , not rules . 
  she 's living the life she wants to live , not the one she `` should '' . 
  that 's good theology . 
  it 's like it 's written by a dying race ... 
  does anything ever cool or exciting happen in attack on titan ? 
  or is it simply a perpetual build up , let down , rinse , recycle ? 
  oops , sorry , i did n't realise the link was to an article about your book !, 
  congrats , i hope it 's successful . 
  out of curiosity , what do you consider to be the `` big five '' ? 
  it seems to differ quite significantly across disciplines and modalities . 
  they all seem to speak to something though . 
  that 's like a legit +3 shield or something . 
  what a sweet score . 
  i went to uni to get insight into the human condition . 
  i 'm done with misery for awhile , i want to watch something cool . 
  then i shall persevere . 
  you better be right !, 
  rrrr ... :p, 
  that is ridiculously cute . 
  terrible stuff . 
  also another piece of research which seems to point towards the connection between the physiological and psychological . 
  this study was on adults facing torture at the hands of other adults in war . 
  i suspect many children face just as harsh circumstances much more frequently , living in a world of dangerous giants , physical or psychic destruction seeming always imminent . 
  as these children become adults , how often are intractable physical concerns actually rooted in the psychological damage caused by torturous situations in childhood ? 
  if only i was so in touch with the scene . 
  i was referring to the dramatically declining japanese population . 
  by 2100 it 's projected to be about a third of what it is today . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_japan ) . 
  i would argue it is . 
  the best we can ever hope for , i wish for the cold day in hell vasquez changes his mind/wrests control of the rights from nick . 
  i suggest perhaps you start with a study of king david - murderer , adulterer , man after god 's own heart . 
  massage therapy you mean ? 
  i remember hearing a vignette from a therapist once with a client who had chronic skin conditions , along with a variety of personality issues . 
  when it became clear the client had never really experienced touch , she recommended he see a massage therapist . 
  he threw up the first couple of times , but he got used to it and his skin cleared up . 
  amish are going to be so valuable to us in a couple of generations . 
  they 'll remind us what people are like when not emerged in a hyper-connected , information dense reality . 
  mofos can stick to the dark side , earth-side should stay free of terrestrial pollution !, 
  al gore 's head for president !, 
  well , it 's nononoyes for one of the guys at least . 
  actually the two hoody guys , one in grey , the other in black , also come out with a bit of win , after dodging the guy that fell . 
  i 'm a kiwi , baby . 
  note to self , look in this thread when compiling workout music . 
  it does ? 
  then i am at home . 
  because it would be naive . 
  it 's funny how the shortcomings are the genes , not the fucked up environmental factors . 
  but yeah , it 's comforting to know maori 's issues are due to their shortcomings , nothing to do with the society doing the incarcerating . 
  so you 're saying if i read the above link and replaced `` valve '' with `` volvo '' i 'd be on the same page ? 
  cause that is kinda funny . 
  more goodness :, 
  [ steven adams full highlights 2013.11.08 at pistons ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfdanypjwci ), 
  cafe staff are my best friends , short , pleasant conversations , they give me something nice and i get to leave when or before the intimacy gets overwhelming . 
  everyone wants to make up with chuck lorre .
