  you could literally ( and it 's been done before ) give them a house and they 'll leave it and return to the street . 
  i 'm not sure how you have developed your understanding of human functioning , it does n't seem very sophisticated . 
  if people do n't want help then the help offered is n't what 's wanted or needed . 
  you say giving money does nothing beneficial for beggars . 
  how did you decided that ? 
  have you asked them ? 
  i get the feeling you consider these people worthless and not due their freedom to choose . 
  you 're disingenuous when you say you do n't care about people begging , because you are unhappy with my enabling their behaviour . 
  my impression is you only want to help on your terms and failing that you only have judgement . 
  you can do what you like , i 'm still going to give money to someone who will appreciate it when i have it to spare . 
  ** you 're obviously not familiar with reading literature in the area of the subject we 're discussing . 
  if you were you would be used to teasing out dense meaning from few words . 
  your comment seems to be more of an ad hominem attack than anything constructive . 
   using the money you give them to fund a habit rather than feed , cloth or home themselves seems pretty negative/destructive behaviour to me . 
  but not everyone lives by your values . 
  are you suggesting everyone should ? 
  do you get to decide a constructive life ? 
  why does this particular group not get to make a fuss when plenty of teens get the opportunity to spend their parents ' cash on wild parties that require cops ? 
  or boaties or trampers who get caught in bad weather who require rescuing ? 
  or any number of others who `` waste '' taxpayer money . 
  it seems like a set of values for those you like , another for those you do n't . 
  do you think your attitude will actually get beggars off the street ? 
  do you think the number of beggars is to do with the number of people willing to give money ? 
  that is an increase or decrease of beggars on the street is to do with the waxing and waning of people 's generosity on the street ? 
  that sounds like nonsense to me . 
  i 'm a kiwi who lived six months in rochester . 
  damn i miss those wings . 
  this artist 's entire style is unexpected . 
  have you seen naruto ? 
  yes , there is a number of them , very funny . 
  this argument has definitely helped me at least understand there was no insight to back up your judgmental point of view . 
  i 'll think of you next time i hand $ 5 to someone on the street . 
   avoided : china protesters outside auckland airport on wednesday night were not seen by china president xi jinping . 
  is the chinese president really going to be upset by people waving a chinese flag ? 
  yet our customers still expect magic for just a few thousand dollars a year . 
  `` hey , i 've had a bright idea , would you change this for me ? 
  what do you * mean * we have to * pay * for that ? '', 
  what rape culture , eh ? 
  so you 're saying nz does n't have a problem with sexual trauma , and that those who are exposed to such trauma get all the help they need ? 
  please , let me know what you think , i 'd like to see who is really delusional here . 
  you 're very active in this discussion . 
  it 's a shame there are n't more kiwis as energised in addressing the problems with sexual abuse we have in nz as you are energised in denying there is a problem . 
  i 'm curious what generates this energy for you , how did this because such a powerful issue for you ? 
  can you please provide this list , along with the level of service ( are they untrained `` para-professionals '' or actually qualified ) , the wait time for an assessment , the wait time for treatment , and what level of treatment is available ( e.g. 
  10 sessions , ongoing , or what ? ), 
  you seem confident in your knowledge of the kind of services available , i 'm sure you 'll be able to provide this information . 
  how have you become so certain about what the reality is ? 
  are you involved with community services at all , the `` coal face '' as it were ? 
  i accidentally deleted my previous post when trying to edit it , sorry . 
  it 's abhorrent that you blame the victims of rape for their circumstances . 
  that society does n't have a place in ensuring there is outreach for these people . 
  you disgust me . 
  so if you 've been raped either be strong or take it ? 
  that 's how you 're coming across . 
  so being raped comes with responsibility ? 
  does it come with rights as well ? 
  an `` excuse '' is when someone does n't accept another 's reason for their behaviour . 
  so you think you 're in the position to judge a rape victim 's behaviour . 
  what a fucking cunt . 
  if they 're able . 
  the question is , what is within the capacity of a person who has experienced rape and trauma ? 
  your approach seems to be `` if one rape victim can , all can '' . 
  not exactly insightful . 
  my understanding is the trauma associated with rape and sexual violence is that it is often severely debilitating , and often occurs in situations where the violence is perpetuated , for example where other such victims who have spoken out have been attacked for speaking out . 
  a term for this is `` rape culture '' . 
  so being raped is no excuse not to fight rape . 
  what 's your excuse ? 
  so you 're saying the studies that come from organisations like the un reporting on nz 's high level of sexual trauma , they 're just compiled by people who want to believe rape is common ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  what a fucking asshole , fucking armchair experts thinking they have anything to say about how victims of sexual behaviour should behave . 
  in case it 's not clear , you 're a pathetic cunt . 
  what studies are you familiar with and in what context ? 
  are you familiar with any meta-analysis ? 
  do you have training appropriate to review the studies ? 
  it 's called peer-review not `` any motherfucker who comes along '' - review . 
  of course , i know you 're not familiar at all , because i am and i know you 're talking shit . 
  it 's like you have no idea what you 're talking about , but still want to have an opinion . 
  you 're the one making broad statements without anything to back them up , to support an abhorrent world view . 
  an opinion based on what you have said is different from a claim that rape is rare circumstance in western society , any contrary view is held only by those who want to believe otherwise . 
  this is horrible news . 
  what country is this where the elderly who require round the clock care have been left to fend for themselves and are only getting by thanks to the charity of a couple of individuals ? 
  i do n't get `` as part of fraternity initiation '' . 
  it was a woman gang-raped by seven men as part of seven men wanting to gang rape a woman . 
  i 'd love an x-men series where the mutants only used their powers for mundane things . 
  like wolverine 's a mediocre sushi chef . 
  but they maintain their same character and attitudes . 
  it sounds like you deal with authority very well . 
  maori are indigenous , chinese are not . 
  race is n't privileged in nz , indigeneity is . 
  look to countries where indigeneity is not privileged , and think again what 's best for new zealanders . 
  they could . 
  however the crown is obligated to ensure maori authority is n't dependent on non-maori political processes . 
  maori are n't required to participate in pakeha political processes to maintain their sovereignty . 
  feminism is alive and well imo . 
  how the general public butchers new insight has little bearing on the academic and intellectual origins feminism emerges from . 
   being indigenous should n't confer privilege . 
  it 's nothing more than an interesting historical footnote . 
  we abide by rule of law in nz , which provides significant utility . 
  we can not ignore the indigenous in nz without undermining rule of law given the legal agreements signed that gave the crown rights in nz . 
   what 's best for new zealanders would be governance by those who are most capable of doing so .
