  maybe slap a few more on , it 's a good enough seal while you sort a real solution ? 
  i thought that was what the us stipulated . 
  did n't the tpp start as negotiations with non-us countries that did n't make demands on medical patents ? 
  state housing works . 
  built around transport hubs and community services . 
  we already have a model that has previously worked , we can draw from that experience . 
  as long as `` low income '' is enough to get by , and the community services offer genuine value rather than being gatekeepers determining the deserving and undeserving , it 's completely possible to build healthy communities . 
  state housing in various forms has a [ long history ] ( http://www.hnzc.co.nz/about-us/history-of-state-housing/ ) in nz . 
  overall it 's undeniably been a success : people have gotten the housing they need . 
  as a bonus the government got high value assets it could sell . 
  seems like a sound strategy : grow a community around cheap housing , once that community gentrifies , sell the houses at a high margin and grow a new community around cheap housing . 
   what more support could there possibly be ? 
  there is no shortage of cost-effective measures the government could be taking . 
  for example you might think rape crisis counselling services and quit smoking services are unconnected . 
  but when living with the devastating nature of sexual trauma , it can be impossible to even consider facing the challenge of quitting smoking . 
  anyone overwhelmed by their circumstances is going to struggle to recover from an addiction . 
  one thing we 're doing very badly in nz right now is helping people who are struggling . 
  such an egalitarian form of execution is the guillotine . 
  it removes the heads from rich and poor alike !, 
   for most kiwis they have virtually no impact on our lives at all, 
  i think you 're missing the impact of the drug trade , particularly meth . 
  the gangs are certainly low profile , but they have a significant footprint . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's been done , but it seems money has been shuffled out of functioning community services to i 'm not sure exactly where . 
  because there have only been reductions in services along with a jump in demand . 
  if the books show we 're maintaining even a 2008 level of funding , i 'm suspicious as to how that 's being juggled . 
  anyone organised like a gang to sell illegal drugs would be a gang . 
  no one else would have any long term success . 
  if you 're making a good profit off an illegal trade , sooner or later someone is going to try and take that profit unless you can protect yourself . 
  how would you fix this ? 
  would you start logically or physically ? 
  i 'm trained in mental health practice , but i refuse to work in those conditions . 
  i do n't mind the low pay . 
  i can make stacks more in it/is , or about the same having fun in hospo . 
  but the unrelenting despair . 
  i 'm just not up for that . 
  while i appreciate the limits of the medical model , in this case i believe that it 's more of a case of an absence of alternative resources rather than the preferred standard . 
  a psychiatrist can not prescribe a service that does not exist or the patient can not afford . 
  cbt is only one option of many . 
  group work for example can be cost effective and can reach a larger range of client groups . 
  there are good services available , [ cads ] ( http://www.cads.org.nz/ ) for example in auckland . 
  but they 're few and far between , not open to enough communities , addressing too few issues . 
  mental health is resource intensive , particularly when the quality of available services has been left to languish and need is peaking . 
  but treasury puts the cost of sexual trauma alone at nearly [ two billion dollars annually ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/crime/75120851/law-commission-hopes-sweeping-changes-to-managing-sexual-violence-cases-proceed ) . 
  so we 're paying one way or the other . 
  i ca n't stand scientology . 
  but if we do n't want the vulnerable taken advantage of then maybe we can try to do more as a society to support these people ourselves ? 
  tax breaks are an added bonus . 
  exploiting vulnerable people is the real money . 
  hey national , perhaps come up with something of your own , instead of just diddling around with the previous government 's efforts . 
  set up by bad decision by all three , pissing about instead of being prepared well in advance . 
  i would n't want a single news source , even as one as reputable as rnz . 
  i still think given the nature of their funding they 're doing very well . 
  they seem ahead of the curve in the online space , opting for authentic content rather than empty click bait . 
  bit rough , walking the guy into the gate . 
  wow , that 's compelling . 
  my first response before seeing the sub was to assume this was a mediocre / r/perfecttiming post . 
  it would affect them , but if you want predatory churches to disappear we need to provide better alternatives for people to turn to . 
  that destiny is a good place to turn is an indictment on us as a society . 
  i guess the issue is what policies are bundled with it . 
  the consequence of allowing the bulk of our media being owned by and for the interest of a just few people . 
  there are good publicly owned media organisations left . 
  good examples are rnz ( obviously ) and al jazeera . 
  but the landscape is dominated by a few media empires . 
  and frankly degrading journalism suits the owners of these empires fine . 
  our current government would do away with rnz if it could , at least it seems to sneer at rnz 's lofty position of not having to make a profit , rather than acknowledging the value quality journalism generates for a healthy democracy . 
   you do n't think he should be off the streets ? 
  i do n't know about the streets , but i do know that there is much more adequate care available . 
  whether there is funding is a different matter , my guess is this institute is cheap . 
   no one knows what to do with him . 
  is it realistic he will change , or is he fundamentally damaged ? 
  there 's certainly a wealth of much more contemporary practices based on academic discipline available . 
  it does n't sound like any such approach has been taken yet . 
   if he ca n't be better , what is to be done with him ? 
  compassionate care . 
  there are many options available . 
  you 've jumped to the conclusion that releasing him from secure care is the desired option . 
  you do n't know what rehabilitation is possible . 
  the doctor suggests trained staff could have success . 
  it 's a cause for despair that such a rich society , described as a utopia by some , ca n't look after its unwell . 
  secure environments are important for people with poor behaviour control . 
  but leaving unwell people in the hands of untrained , punishing institutions when good training and expertise exists ? 
  that 's barbaric . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's spooky or serene . 
  there 's got to be a high end market for 1000 year old wind milled flour . 
  i changed my mind from beef to chicken . 
  ruthless, 
  take care up there . 
  somehow i do n't think that this gentleman is ready to sell to an international market in any number of ways . 
  modernising aspects of the milling process ( while leaving the fundamental technology intact ) would be an obvious part of turning this historical relic into a modern enterprise . 
  this made me wonder how many nz citizens live overseas . 
  i found this from stats nz :, 
  [ at least 1 million new zealanders live overseas ] ( http://www.stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/population/mythbusters/1million-kiwis-live-overseas.aspx ), 
  that can be a harsh choice . 
  some people need an irrational reason to believe that life is good when there 's so much evidence to the contrary . 
  intellectualism is a luxury of the wealthy , which indeed we are . 
  logic is no reason for a lack of empathy . 
  i remember when i first saw this . 
  i could n't stop watching for a long time . 
  it 's just so fantastic , both the content and as a gif . 
  that kid deserves some kinda medal .
