  often what looks like conspiracy is really an aligning of values . 
  the outcome can be the same though , the results in this case are certainly disappointing . 
  great blog . 
  or the media could stop focusing on stupid shit and instead provide insightful and informative news . 
  not that i completely agree with op 's sentiment , but i appreciate where they 're coming from . 
  i appreciate that the media are understandably exploiting their position for maximum profit . 
  and that labour needs to be and surely is cognisant of this if they want to run an effective election campaign . 
  but the horseshit in this country that exists , something noted at an international level , is our unwillingness to take domestic violence seriously and to face up to the harsh realities that so many new zealanders are born into . 
  these are facts . 
  one would assume how cuncliffe approaches this is part of a political strategy . 
  certainly any specialist working in the field of domestic violence and mental health ( i.e. 
  with postgraduate level training ) would appreciate that in grappling with the complex dynamics involved in understanding human functioning , relationships , etc. , particularly with a view to history , a man might have this thought or one similar , even all such specialists do n't share the sentiment . 
  and then of course there are those who have simply been exposed to direct male aggression . 
  so what he 's talking about is n't horseshit , for some he will be making a genuine connection to a real experience . 
  seems like an honest attempt a good electioneering imo . 
  i am not sure what ideology cuncliffe is pushing , it did n't seem very ideological . 
  unless you think pro-vaccination and anti-homoeopathy movements are ideological ? 
  you wo n't convince anyone with single source articles from popular media . 
  the whole business of domestic violence and how to approach it is * complex * . 
  the kind of articles that are compelling come with a reference list much longer than that article . 
   even all such specialists, 
  meant to say `` even ** if ** all such specialists ... '', 
  i suspect your certainty has come before the research you 've found to support your view . 
  there is plenty of evidence to support your view , but i believe your view is skewed . 
  if your aim is to reduce domestic violence in general i am with you in promoting further research into domestic violence in nz to find out exactly what is going on here . 
  however is that what you are after or are you more interested in defending men and rejecting evidence of men 's role in domestic violence ? 
  individual peer reviewed studies in a different social context are of limited value . 
  you want to aim for scientific consensus for making decisions governmental level . 
  if there was the public will to address domestic violence fully we could research and address a large spectrum of issues . 
  as it is funding is sparse so the focus has to be on what will produce the best results with minimal resources . 
  i 'm sceptical about the value of the research you 've cited in nz . 
  we could look at sexual violence and it 's true , some women are violent perpetrators against men , but most therapists and counsellors will be working with victims of male abuse , against women and men . 
  and if we look at in general who gets to decide where money gets spent , what we research , what we invest in . 
  it 's largely men , historically almost exclusively men . 
  feeling sorry about being a man is n't just about who is doing the bashing at home . 
  it 's about who is signing the cheques . 
  how did the degree of domestic violence that exists come about in the first place and why have we left it unaddressed for so long ? 
  i 'm sorry if you or someone you care about has n't been taken seriously , but all the professionals i know take all their clients seriously and are well aware that men can be traumatised in all the kinds of ways women can be . 
  a simple non-gendered measure that would largely benefit women would be more funding for rape crises services , something these services have been crying out for during national 's terms . 
  both men and women can access these services , but at least currently it 's women who make up most of the waiting lists . 
  if such services were fully funded and it was found men were not accessing these services as much as they needed , it would be remiss not to reach out to men and let them know of the help that was available . 
  but we are so far away from anything near fully funded services . 
  national is barely acknowledging domestic violence at all , maybe the gender skew is less helpful for some , but the important thing is the intention to address the issue !, 
   and where are they choosing to spend social support money at the moment ? 
  how much dv support for men has their been in the past , and how much is available now ? 
  lolz , how much funding is their available for * anyone * ? 
  hahaha , you can only laugh or cry sometimes . 
  you do n't seem to be willing to look at this except through a narrow perspective . 
  seriously recently put forward $ 10m for rape crisis services and $ 30m for budgeting services . 
  violence and its impact is not a concern for national full stop . 
  even if labour had a skewed focus on women in dv funding , at least there would be funding !, 
  and ultimately everyone would benefit , not just women . 
  eu is out , but that does n't mean they wo n't introduce their own take on fett surviving . 
  or it could be a unique clone or some such thing . 
  but ... but they wrote it down !, 
  makes me think of all the times animals get caught in something human and no human is around to help . 
  a suggestion you might not expect , you could consider seeing a psychotherapist or psychoanalyst if you want them to stop . 
  assuming there is a dream associated with them . 
  if you 're spontaneously having orgasms in your sleep , maybe some kind of medical specialist ? 
  wow , that 's some serious yt archeology you 've got going on there . 
  good find . 
  tell that to ... gamblor !, 
  intriguing ... 
  half the beach is on the road this morning it seems . 
  soon enough i 'll have a beach on my door step . 
  i feel something for all idiots . 
  it 's a hard way to go through life . 
  i would n't hesitate going to the tribunal if they decline and make excuses . 
  keep in mind that as a flatmate you have no tenancy rights . 
  in theory if the tenant wants to change the locks while you 're out at work and keep your stuff , it 'll take you proving the stuff is yours in court to get it back . 
  so choose wisely, 
  any idea when we might be able to see footage from the win ? 
  i imagine any correctly written contract is . 
  but you would need to go through the courts to address any breaches of the contract would n't you , rather than the tenancy tribunal who would do any heavy lifting on your behalf ? 
  spend more money on therapy , less money on computer gear . 
  just gave them a call , they sounded very helpful !, 
  i was thinking of being a chef . 
  studying it was the right move . 
  lots of niche specialist skills are coming into more and more demand . 
  finally realising your family ai n't worth shit to you is very liberating i think . 
  i 'll endure any disappointment for a few moments of wonderful expectation . 
  i imagine there are a number of these spooky little communities spotted around nz . 
  do n't the krinsha 's have a compound somewhere in the coromandel ? 
  ( popular , long-running anime . ), 
  i love naruto but i fear manga readers so i hardly ever discuss it with anyone ( no close friends are into it . ), 
  i think you defeated them . 
  whichever group that spawns the ones who call themselves monks on queen st has definitely got to be spooky . 
  the ones who sell books for `` donations '' . 
  pretty sure it 's much cheaper than $ 5 to produce those books . 
  spoilers . 
  i do n't have time to read , besides , the anime was where i started so i 'm committed to the format . 
  looks amazing . 
  nom . 
  where 's / u/headline-news when you need them ? 
  looks like an alarm clock is going off in its head !, 
  according to the article posted by / u/mike312 the heatwave hit them from 10km away . 
  that 's some serious heat !, 
  that tour happens every weekend , in all nz cities . 
  i feel sorry for this kid . 
  sounds like their parents are shit , perhaps even abusive .
