  key should be getting some kick backs after all the hard work he 's done for the us government in nz . 
  i think we 'll have japan to thank for dodging the tpp in the end , but if it was n't for them jk would gladly sell out nz again for more favours from the us . 
  this would have upvotes if i made this comment on a monday . 
  where are the developments ? 
  it just looks like re-hashing of the yet to be substantiated claims . 
  i think you point to a useful point of intervention . 
  these ignorant people are also products of their environment . 
  perhaps if we made more of an effort to disseminate insight at a grassroots level , we would start to grow environments that do n't have criminals and ignorant people as products ? 
  you should go with aus . 
  nz is too temperate compared to texas . 
  it 's not your own funeral , so you have that going for you . 
  condolences , hope you find somewhere warm for tonight . 
  the two girls there seem to be helping him . 
  `` no , stay down . 
  stay down . '', 
  you lack a basic understanding of science . 
  scientific theory is as close as you get to fact . 
  in science a `` fact '' is something that has yet to be proven wrong . 
  nothing is science can be proven right . 
  that 's not how science works . 
  the computer you are working on now is based on quantum ** theory ** , not fact . 
  because there is no such thing as quantum fact , yet your computer still works . 
  no ( assuming the prevailing theory is accurate . ), 
  light only travels through the space part of spacetime , not the time part . 
  if it were traveling slower than light speed , the some of its motion would have to be through time . 
  from a photons perspective it is absorbed in the same moment it is emitted . 
  no time passes in the intermediary space . 
  thus no acceleration . 
  i have no reason to disagree with scientific consensus . 
  not predicted , set up . 
  you set up the question in a way that it could not be answered . 
  what possible other way is there to answer your question ? 
  if the test was ignoring a willful idiot , i guess yes , i did fail . 
  it 's some serious schadenfreude when a customer with complex backend requirements listens to some cowboys who believe the `` backend wo n't be that hard '' nonsense , ditches our `` complex , too hard '' system for theirs and then comes back crying . 
  i appreciate your request , i respectfully decline . 
  how 'd it go ? 
  been meaning to come to one of these for awhile , but just spotted the post . 
  full version democracy is just cracy , although you are probably more familiar with its colloquial name : crazy . 
  the short answer : it works for some . 
  longer answer : faith and spirituality can be an important part of good mental health for some people . 
  life is full of existential concerns with no easy answers and the answers we cook up ourselves can be pathogenic . 
  besides , your statement that `` it is in fact faith healing '' is inaccurate in that the aa does not rely on supernatural powers for healing . 
  note that many centers use a more abstract idea of god rather than following any particular tradition or religion . 
  a sane person who had pulled over their car instead of braving the bridge ? 
  or perhaps media covering the flooding ? 
  so private businesses should be able to exploit human vulnerability at every turn eh ? 
  well , enjoy the society that comes out of such values . 
  it seems unlikely that when the money is spent well , there is any better investment than human children . 
  alas , the returns take more than a couple of election cycles to manifest and people do n't understand the value of people like they do the value of road , power plants and other infrastructure . 
  `` i 'm not the white guy for you . '', 
  i think we 'd prefer be happy instead . 
  that may be all you choose to see , but that 's not all that 's going on by any means . 
  businesses do n't operate in a vacuum . 
  there 's a lot more to business than paying a person to work . 
  you said all you see are businesses not paying people that are n't working . 
  from that perspective , nothing . 
  to see the complex reality you must open your eyes much more . 
  you know , like how business get to function in the first place . 
  when you choose to only see a certain part of a complex picture , it may seem much clearer to you and you may feel a great deal of certainty . 
  but without considering the larger picture , all that is going on , you may miss crucial relevant information that may be more difficult to grasp , but would provide a deeper understanding . 
  no , it 's certainly beyond my ability to see how i could explain that to someone sees business as a simple transaction of pay for work . 
  you do n't know ? 
  i ca n't explain if you do n't . 
  i 'm not that skilled . 
  have you ever worked for or owned a business ? 
  surely you have and noticed a lot more than that going on . 
  maybe you 're super-poor/rich and out of touch ? 
  like what kind of example ? 
  look at an employment contract , you ca n't tell me the only thing in one of those is a definition of what work is exchanged for what pay . 
  and many other things , including binding employer and employee to each other to a degree to offer each a measure of certainty and stability , as is necessary for both businesses and people to function . 
  these things seem essential to business yet abstract from simple notions of work and pay . 
  we must be looking at different employment contracts . 
  i certainly would n't sign a contract if i thought it would deny me due process ( fortunately where i live you can not sign away your legal rights ) . 
  but then again , i 'm not in a vulnerable position , i can pick and choose where i work . 
  we 're talking about the legal framework businesses get to operate in . 
  in absence of this framework there is no such thing as a business . 
  looking for a flatmate in auckland :, 
  it 's in kohimarama , which most aucklanders do n't seem to know exists . 
  really nice area . 
  posting here because aucklanders do n't seem to know kohimarama exists , it does n't get the kind of hits on trademe that greenlane gets . 
  it 's a really nice neighbourhood !, 
  it 's convenient for them to charge you . 
  you 're a bit nutty . 
  just because the party one opposes and the party one supports both support a policy you disagree with , it does n't mean you suddenly start supporting the party one opposed . 
  the us needs to look the uk and the ira , what happened at the time and where the ira is now . 
  british people knew how to keep a stiff upper lip , knew that standing staunch in the face of terrorism was better than surrendering to it . 
  resource stress has been shown to impair one 's cognitive capacity . 
  that sounds like a challenging study to undertake . 
  anyone suffering malnutrition is likely to be resource stressed . 
  i suppose you could take a group of subjects , impair their nutrition while and see the results , assuming any negative impact would be temporary . 
  yeah , i suspect the powers that be used the opportunity to shift world order away from freedom and more towards control , for their own benefit . 
  your family of origin does n't have to be your family of choice . 
  perhaps your circumstances are n't all that bad , maybe your family just needs a reminder of this . 
  what nonsense . 
  yeah , i probably need to do that . 
  i tend to get people from outside of auckland currently , which usually means they do n't stay much longer than 12 months . 
  got ta be more than 3 idiots involved in that . 
  i hope everyone had insurance , i suspect lives ruined though . 
  labour made it too easy by not being sure of their records related to lui . 
  if they had caught that letter early on i doubt the vague statements about donations that followed would have held any muster .
