  i personally am tired of the phenomena of calling things `` real '' . 
  the only positive is how it shows how disconnected from reality we are that appealing to our sense of `` real '' has currency . 
  i do n't think you need to bear responsibility for the peeves of internet inhabitants beyond whatever effort is required on your behalf to ignore them . 
  is `` i beg your pardon '' not acceptable ? 
  i really hope national are caught by surprise and lose this election . 
  think of the muck that the successive government will wring out . 
  i figured that myself . 
  i end sarcastic posts with a / s just to make it clear . 
  where i live hr protects the company from employee litigation by ensuring the company is meeting its statutory obligations . 
  nonsense . 
  acknowledging interdependency is not socialism . 
  socialism is stuff like winz , public health care , the public library system , roads , etc. 
  i do n't want it to be better than the average human though . 
  it needs to be better than me . 
  [ faded ] ( http://pokerterms.com/fade.html ) a parking ticket yesterday . 
  so wound up about getting my tooth root canal 'd i forgot to pay when parking . 
  fortunately no parking warden went by in that hour . 
  yeah , pretty warm in the little-big smoke today as well . 
  i only vaguely remember , i 'm in my mid 30 's , i think good journalism this kind of journalism was already dead by the time i became interested in it . 
  given my ( lack of ) accident history i am surely above average . 
  i also have an above average number of limbs . 
  your post reminds me why it 's not so bad my old hard drive with my life 's history on it crashed awhile back . 
   it will do serious damage to israel 's standing in the international community . 
  i do n't get this ? 
  what reputation does israel having that could be damaged ? 
  absolutely . 
  there are some fantastically insightful posts here , and there 's tripe . 
  and that 's probably true about what i have to say as well . 
  i 'm reminded of how jk knew `` weeks '' ahead of time the lui non-connection that was used in an attempt to smear cunliffe . 
  the fantastic insight i refer to is men finding their own role in their problems . 
  do n't mistake men in pain looking to blame their circumstances on someone else with men looking to take responsibility for their own role in perpetuating their circumstances . 
  any sub is a disparate collection of people rather than any kind of coherent organisation . 
  what any sub `` wants '' is a fairly abstract concept . 
  this is the appropriate response . 
   ms chuang describes herself as a clairsentient medium , a type of psychic who can sense and feel the emotions of others . 
  also known as `` normal human capacity '' . 
  there 's also the scenario of where one side can not form a government due to a lack of agreement , the other side depending on nzf to get into power . 
  if nzf commits to one side , they may be forced to either break their promise or force a re-election . 
  national 's policy of reducing `` welfare dependency '' . 
  a completely disingenuous policy given they continue to ignore community mental health services that actually work to help people get on their feet . 
  exactly , which is why no sane party would potentially commit themselves to that option . 
  i reckon . 
  the process for firing someone is the same process for ensuring your employees are able to be effective at their job . 
  some employers seem to lament being unable to get rid of non-performing employees , but their real complaint is that they ca n't just hire people and magically have them make money for them without effort on their behalf . 
  unfortunately it seems many employers and employees do n't know their rights and obligations . 
  or what services are available to protect those rights and how easily these can be accessed . 
  i remember a manager at an old job who was used to getting his way by bullying . 
  changed his tune when i suggested we might ask the era 's opinion on a certain expectation of his . 
  it could be fake . 
  i 'll tell you when i 'm 81 if it 's too soon or not . 
  well that is the point . 
  there would n't really be market forces if at any point there was pain in the market people could opt out and pursue some other form of making a life . 
  compulsory participation is an essential part of a capitalist market . 
  it 's a bit awkward really . 
  assuming the email is real . 
  there are any number of methods to send an email as if from someone else . 
  i mean , it could well be . 
  i 'm just making the point . 
  if labour gets their housing policy we can !, 
  wow , i 'm just wondering how you got so tough . 
  haha , i would n't mess with you !, 
  keep safe . 
  i need to buy a new washing machine . 
  is there any way i can do this without leaving the house at a reasonable price ? 
  i saw the headline and thought `` we are so doomed '' , then i saw the video and was `` i guess we 'll be okay . '', 
  pretty sure what used to be the [ oracle tower ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/land+information+nz+-+toitu+te+whenua/@-36.8543797,174.765736,117m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d0d47e434ec169d:0x1374d50dfdf1e8f2 ) is public access with great views . 
  i am very eager to try this !, 
  there 's a 9th edition available :, 
  i have to assume this was a deal oculus needed to make to get some kind of concession from samsung . 
  it seems like an about face to attempt to reach out to the mainstream with a pre-cv1 release . 
  why give millions a taste of vr when it 's likely to leave them nauseous ? 
  my concern is promoting the technology in the mainstream before it 's `` consumer ready '' by luckey and carmack 's standards , which seems to be a core principal of oculus , for reasons they 've convinced me of . 
  obviously they 've decided whatever trade off is worth it . 
  i 'm assuming that is getting to use samsung 's fabrication facilities for producing cv1 screens . 
   kennedy acknowledges that there are genetic differences between babies , but says these have a far smaller effect than environmental factors . 
  it feels like this is the real battleground for health science . 
  it seems there is quick support for findings that suggest a genetic factor , and resistance to findings that suggest an environmental one . 
  a gutsfull is probably as well . 
  time travel * is * a paradox . 
  to accept time travel as a plot you have to accept you are going to need to ignore paradoxes . 
  which is why i normally do n't like it as a central plot to a story , but fringe is too much fun not to let it slide . 
  that said , i think peter had already ceased to exist by the finale . 
  it was the weakened universe ( s ) that allowed him to re-emerge . 
  at least i think , my memory is starting to haze . 
  some pretty mediocre tech reporting from techday . 
  a couple of points . 
  what 's the 's ' supposed to stand for ? 
  and i think anyone with $ 10k handy could purchase 20 headsets if they wanted , this is no achievement . 
  gears , clutches and transmission are still a deep mystery to me , thanks for a little illumination !, 
  what is it with animals that a headshake seems to fix the kind of problems that would leave a human child crying on the ground . 
  he 's agnostic and more open to faith and spirituality than dawson . 
  depends on what you like and what other options are available to you i suppose . 
  good luck young ` un . 
  related anecdote :, 
  flatmate is 30 from chile , working as a chef . 
  i commented that the poor must have it easier here than in chile . 
  her immediate response was `` nooo , it must be so hard being poor here , everything here is so expensive ! '', 
  i think each introduces their own problems that need to be accounted for in the story . 
  have you seen timecrimes ? 
  great movie about a fixed timeline scenario .
