  so 3-4 hours for a massive 20gb game . 
  45 minutes for a more reasonable 4gb game . 
  shark : `` there 's a snack around here somewhere , i just know it ! '', 
  is n't there like that big pub in kingsland ? 
  just go down there and be english . 
  ad hominem has its place , it 's okay to think someone is a dick . 
  in the midst of a serious debate it 's not helpful . 
  i do n't think a top level post on reddit is such a place . 
  thanks !, 
  lolz , you 'll be embarrassed to learn that by `` top level '' i mean the post has no parent , it is a direct reply to op . 
  as in there is no level of post above theirs thus it is at the top level . 
  is it possible to give yourself a toothache by clenching your jaw too tight ? 
  i hope so , i do n't want to pay for a dentist right now . 
  references to things . 
  i totally heard [ neptr ] ( http://adventuretime.wikia.com/wiki/neptr ) 's voice when reading the part where the robot says `` i like to make friends . '', 
  i bet when she was printing them she was all `` ahaha , the fools ! '', 
  i bite to repress pain ... which is inconvenient when that causes pain . 
  need more zen less biting . 
  and fewer sources of pain . 
  i 'll despair if he tries to implement some version of `` stuff nation '' on radionz 's website . 
  that cat looks pissed . 
  so jaw ache became a toothache which got root canal 'd this morning . 
  poor bank balance . 
  :( no more pain is good though . 
  what 's the public option for that kind of business ? 
  they just pull it out ? 
  so sad he had to sell his family heritage to access essential health care . 
  the administration managing who is eligible for what must be more expensive than the food itself , surely ? 
  just give everyone their lunch . 
  i mean come on , what value does this kind of petty nonsense bring ? 
  figured that had to be the case when it 's whole families all blinged up . 
  i think people should be allowed to say sorry if they feel sorry . 
  `` sorry '' does n't hold the same meaning for you as it does everyone . 
  besides , it 's nonsense to say that we 're disconnected from the actions of those in our past . 
  many in nz directly benefit from the travesty you speak of . 
  their ancestors got opportunities to succeed that others were denied . 
  your post reads like `` do n't say sorry !, 
  we might have to give back all this loot ! '', 
  you 're incoherent . 
  that you preface by saying that it 's good to admit privileges , does not making this statement any less nonsense :, 
   he 's completely disconnected from it, 
  directly benefits from and completely disconnected from are mutually exclusive . 
  if someone feels compelled to apologise , perhaps it 's because they understand their situation differently to how you understand yours . 
  sometimes it 's better to face life 's challenges on one 's own . 
  let me get this right . 
  u mad ? 
  only rich people should be allowed to access highly respected professions . 
  if you can not afford the training yourself , you clearly are n't of the right stock for the profession . 
  who wants to be treated be a person who had to get a loan to fund their studies ? 
  no self-respecting individual , that 's for certain !, 
  i assume that national and john key 's cabinet have been taking pointers from the us as to how to rig a democracy in favour of established power structures rather than allowing our government to grow into an expression of the will of the people . 
  i do n't really consider myself a democrat , just someone who ca n't think of anything better . 
  i wish that was the case where i worked . 
  it 's more like `` oh , that 's only a half-hour job '' , we do n't need to charge . 
  and it 's often true , the specific technical work making change is very quick . 
  but there 's no accounting for all the faff that goes on around the change , or of any long term consequences or maintenance of the change . 
  perhaps ferguson cops got confused between desire and intention . 
  lolz , been ages since i thought of bogor . 
  someone gave me one of the books as a kid ( i guess they did n't look to closely at it . ), 
  it 's funny how i both got and did n't get the drug references at the time . 
  i thought one was democracy , the other `` democracy '' , in the style of the us . 
  does anyone have a break down of how each party intends to improve community health in nz ? 
  this is my # 1 election concern , particularly around our high levels of child poverty , domestic violence and sex abuse , relative to our wealth as a nation . 
  is the water pumped or do they just use the natural flow ? 
  must be pumped to get the ships to raise . 
  that must take a lot of energy !, 
  you should watch the video linked . 
  you 're right , that 's where work will shift to . 
  but it wo n't take the entire population to work these systems , it will only take a small proportion . 
  it 's the ( little ) big smoke !, 
  folks be yelling all sorts . 
  they must keep to a regime that does not intersect with mine , i 'm often on queen st but have n't heard them . 
  that 's something i enjoy about walking a busy street , it does lead to all sorts of wonderings . 
  originally posted here :, 
  indeed . 
  that 's why you press charges when it does . 
  there 's probably some crazy place where it 's true . 
  but it 's probably more a myth spread about bad code you inevitably stumble across and tough job markets . 
  good code comes with too many advantages . 
   that guy who watches your units better that he watches his own, 
  this guy is so annoying . 
  yes , you 've noticed my idle troops there , but were you just paying attention to that intense micro battle that i was engaged in halfway up the map ? 
  every location is exotic to someone !, 
  it 's the condom paradox . 
  if you and your partner both always use condoms , you do n't need to use condoms ( for protection against stis ) . 
  if you have sex without a condom , you need to use a condom . 
  in short , use a condom . 
  debugging software can be like this . 
  it 's a dystopian reality for some . 
  i get this is a horrific crime , made all the more shocking by the fact it was perpetrated by someone so young . 
  i am not trying to minimise this . 
  but i also find it shocking that our legal system lacks the insight to realise that children are not adults . 
  humans are evolved organisms before we are moral agents . 
  if a child thinks attacking someone is the best option available to them , something has gone horribly wrong in their development . 
  they 're not first a corrupt moral agent who needs to be punished . 
  they are first a vulnerable child . 
  i wish i knew what i was doing at 13 . 
  at 13 i was overwhelmed by all i had to cope with , made more difficult by my impression that others were struggling with worse than i was dealing with . 
  for me a vulnerable child is always a vulnerable child . 
  at no point do any of their actions transform them into an adult .
