  haha , fair enough . 
  what happens in second ? 
  add german samoa to that list . 
  [ radionz ] ( http://radionz.co.nz ) is a favourite . 
  non-commercial news and media . 
  publicly funded . 
  this would be awesome if national had n't left these services languishing for years . 
  since national came into office the [ numbers of those accessing the service plummeted ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&amp;objectid=10820174 ) :, 
   in 2007 nearly 6000 claims were lodged . 
  some 3991 were accepted and 1928 were declined . 
  by 2012 only 49 claims were accepted . 
  this along with the closure of a number of rape crisis services across the country these last few years has meant that it has been a very grim time for those who need this kind of help . 
  and also for those wanting to provide these services . 
  this will definitely help , however it 's to be seen how easy it is to access these services and who manages to . 
  the media 's coverage of terrorism full stop is absurd . 
  whatever happened to a stiff upper lip ? 
  damn , time to become a public servant !, 
  i think pay rises in that sector are suddenly looking up . 
  definitely something you want to figure out by way of official channels . 
  i think it 's a situation of an unhappy situation heaped upon an unhappy situation . 
  some people get to morn and then go to work the next day . 
  this guy just gets to morn and return to their unhappy situation . 
  that 's very zen of you . 
  yes indeed , even pain can be a celebration of life . 
  after all , only the living can experience it . 
  this is my point . 
  if you 're an mp wanting a pay rise , you now have to give public servants a pay rise . 
  hence , i think things are looking up for public servants !, 
  and now so do i. 
  that 's the brilliance !, 
  they wo n't be asking for pay rises . 
  they will be insisting hard working public servants get a raise - which coincidentally will get them a raise also . 
  i mean , it does have the group element i suppose . 
  but i 'm looking for a serious workout , not a jog . 
  i 'm not interested in `` just '' anything . 
  i want something to enjoy and people to enjoy it with . 
  pretty sure he had hair before the accident . 
  time to set up a camera . 
  do n't bother with any further action until you have solid evidence . 
  do n't engage with crazy people if you 're concerned for your property and well being . 
  this is where the paradox falls over :, 
   moving forward , we have no choice but to get completely speculative . 
  let 's imagine that after billions of years in existence , 1 % of earth-like planets develop life ( if that 's true , every grain of sand would represent one planet with life on it ) . 
  and imagine that on 1 % of those planets , the life advances to an intelligent level like it did here on earth . 
  that would mean there were 10 quadrillion , or 10 million billion intelligent civilizations in the observable universe . 
  those figures ( 1 % and 1 % ) are arbitrary . 
  what if it 's 0.01 % and 0.01 % ? 
  that changes things considerably and all of a sudden you 're in the realm of understanding why we might not see any life in the universe . 
  also , what if `` earth-like '' is a hyper-tuned phenomena that could only be expected to occur in 0.01 % of galaxies ? 
  was the telecommunications interception capability and security act passed under urgency ? 
  does n't work in chrome/ie/firefox for me either . 
  disappoint !, 
  i guess it depends on which animal you 're asking . 
  the warthog or the parasite ? 
  parasite be all : `` got myself a nice host , gonn raise me some kids ... hey guy , fuck off !, 
  this is my spot . 
  what ? 
  and then find the increased resistance on the pins thanks to the bending means it wo n't boot regardless . 
  it 's not criminal at all . 
  laws passed under urgency made sure of that !, 
  the auckland art festival just started , there will be plenty of culture to engage in for the next few weeks . 
  i 've never seen a cat dive into water before . 
  excellent . 
  `` functional fitness '' is what i 'm after i think . 
  group based because i like group activities and i find it more motivating . 
  combat style would be cool , but not full mma . 
  i think you were clear in your original post . 
  i was making a quip at national 's use of urgency to pass dodgy laws . 
  it could be argued any punishment beyond being kicked out of the game would be disproportionate to the crime . 
  indeed . 
  you should be able to call up and ask them to either credit the difference between the bill and when service started , or alternatively begin your billing cycle at the point service begins . 
  not much that can be done about physical infrastructure issues but work through them , which usually has to go through an escalation process . 
  lots of people complain about problems with service that 's due to their own setup . 
  if senior engineers got involved with each of these cases , no one would be able to afford the service . 
  i love my '95 misti galant . 
  '95 anything japanese will do you right if its got a good maintenance history . 
   billing starts from the time it is connected by the service provide, 
  the key word being `` connected '' . 
  if the connection requires a tech to get the service working and at takes two weeks for the problem to be resolved `` connected '' would be at the time that problem is resolved . 
  if the isp is doing its job right , it should be able to give clear instructions on how to rule out their hardware being the fault ( try alt hardware , try your hardware at a different location , stuff like that . ), 
  site visit fees are possible if ultimately the fault is found with cpe , they 're rarely charged . 
  it depends what we care about more . 
  children getting the care they need or parents being responsible ? 
  i like lorde more and more . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you ca n't make money from working , lolz . 
  read : landlords want both cash now and an investment that increases ever in value . 
  so they can buy more houses . 
  ca n't see how that could go wrong ?!, 
  all of what you are saying is in stark contrast to my recent experience working for an isp . 
  even when fault was found with cpe , truckrolls never incurred a charge . 
  the threat of a charge was what we used to ensure that the customer did a minimum of testing on their end . 
  if it took two weeks to get service up and it was found that cpe was not at fault , one way or another they were n't invoiced for those two weeks . 
  if cpe was found at fault , they 'd be charged as normal , but no truckroll fee would be incurred . 
  what you 're saying sounds like the management spiel , but that differs from day-to-day reality . 
  unless everything has dramatically changed in the last 24 months . 
  or practices dramatically differ between isps . 
  ouch , brutal . 
  well , that 's how it was . 
  if it 's changed , it 's does n't surprise me that isps are sending their helpdesks offshore .
