  sexual trauma counselling is deeply uncomfortable , it 's not something people seek out if they do n't think it might help . 
  it makes sense that you think the way you do about sexual violence , with the mistaken beliefs you hold to . 
  i do wonder how you formed these beliefs though . 
  i ca n't imagine discipline or rigour matter much to you . 
  i checked for an nsfw tag before watching . 
  as soon as i saw the set up i wondered what would happen if the bowl spun and he got hit by an edge . 
  i was imagining the bowl embedded in his forehead . 
  incorrect again : i know what you 've posted . 
  and what you post demonstrates mistaken beliefs in the absense of further explanation as to what you mean when you say :, 
   the number of convictions represents the amount that ( sexual violence that is being perpetrated in nz ) happens . 
  what is the media if not a vehicle to propagate propaganda ? 
  it 's not clear ? 
  you posted an incorrect statement about the volume of sexual trauma in nz . 
  this reveals your inaccurate beliefs . 
  unless your words are posted absent meaning ? 
  but i clearly believe you are incorrect and provided a basis for this which you have n't challenged . 
  hence i 'm left curious as to how you formed this belief that is incorrect given i ca n't fathom the basis for it . 
  i 'm not familiar with the kind of force a firecracker can produce . 
  min to the max . 
  not in our discussion . 
  you said what you think is true , but without basis . 
  i really like mindfulness practice . 
  growing the ability to notice my mind is churning over some unhelpful bullshit and then choosing to put my mind elsewhere has done me wonders . 
  would you please remind me ? 
  just quote the post you are referring to , if you do n't mind . 
  of course , if it 's just a case where you think explanations trump evidence , well i have my answer to the source of your beliefs . 
  no worries . 
  you do n't necessarily need to dwell on what 's positive ( which can really ring hollow when things are genuinely difficult . ), 
  just choose something different . 
  for example notice your bodily sensations , your breathing , your clothes touching you , your feet on the floor . 
  or pay attention to your surroundings , considering what you notice . 
  anything that leaves you thinking about something other than what 's unhelpful . 
  the thing is employers do n't want staff who are struggling . 
  a lot of young kiwis emerge from childhood fucked . 
  companies do n't want to deal with that . 
  better off with a migrant who has demonstrated at least their ability to drag themselves across the world . 
  we could start looking after our kids , it 's not like improved employability is the only thing we would benefit from . 
  but we 're not keen . 
  we 're all awesome in our own way . 
  i wonder if they found the cause yet ? 
  and it is , like all other human communities . 
  that 's not the conclusion though . 
  the conclusion is that the changes to rugby are squashing what we previously valued about rugby while leaving what we do n't want go unchecked . 
  i suspect decent employment laws and a healthy economy have made unions seem less necessary . 
  which is a shame , because i think unions played a big part in this , and laws can be changed once people forget how bad it was . 
  parents are a great market to exploit . 
  on one hand they 're generally committed to the best ( that can be afforded ) for their children . 
  and on the other their ability to make sound , critical decisions is compromised because they 're so tied up dealing with their kids !, 
  it makes me sad and scared how good our government and society is in nz . 
  i 'm overjoyed at the life i get to live , but , yeesh . 
  i 've seen how bad it gets for some here and horrified is not a sufficient adjective . 
  if it 's like that here , how worse elsewhere ? 
  everyone has their own perspective . 
  coming from an social science perspective , prejudice in general is a trait of being human . 
  i suppose we could quibble about definitions and meaning , but it 's not difficult to identify racism and sexism in [ daily nz life ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/85816838/pm-key-ticks-off-son-max-over-real-men-ride-women-blurt ) . 
  i think you 're being conservative . 
  the upheaval will be at least an order of magnitude greater than anything in the 20th century . 
  with discipline it is possible to study and understand the nature and prevalence of this kind of phenomena beyond what is easily demonstrable . 
  those working in counseling , with trauma know that indeed there is such a cesspool in nz . 
  on talk back radio this stuff is up for debate . 
  in academia it is not . 
  but i 'm informed and know how to assert my rights . 
  i often witness people being taken advantage of because they do n't . 
  i also read the various advice subs . 
  there is so much i am glad i do n't have to deal with . 
  i ca n't recall suggesting that women are the only victims of sexism . 
  but it sounds like you 're suggesting that there is in fact serious sexism in our society , contrary to your previous statement . 
  this is not the place for robust academic discourse . 
  the discussions i am used require significant ground work , agreement of concepts , etc. 
  i am mostly indifferent to your beliefs or what you think of mine . 
  years at university learning how to treat trauma tell me you 're wrong . 
  it also tells me you do n't have any genuine academic background of your own . 
  but whatevs . 
  inequality is not sexism , sexism still exists and in volume . 
  those who are impacted most are n't men or women , but those who are most vulnerable , regardless of gender . 
  you can provide a basis for saying sexism is not a real problem in nz . 
  or not . 
  my basis for believing there is is university training . 
  i 'm not really sure how to demonstrate my knowledge to a layperson who already seems certain about what they know . 
  for example i could point to examples of institutionalised sexism , but you might claim that the instances are n't sexism . 
  then we 're into a debate about what sexism is . 
  and in that debate we would find other things we do n't agree on . 
  it would be endless and pointless . 
  you can believe what you like , the beliefs you have stated are against the consensus of those who have committed serious resources to understanding the phenomena from a scientific perspective . 
  where did you learn that ? 
  how did you manage to become familiar with all fields in academia ? 
  i have n't studied women 's studies , nor sociology . 
  my training is clinical . 
  which involves understanding trauma , the context this occurs in and how people can recover from it . 
  it 's the kind of science that compels governments to spend money on things like children 's hospitals , mental health services and criminal rehabilitation . 
  everything you 've said so far tells me you are completely ignorant of the science that informs these things . 
  i 'm referring to the field of academia i 'm familiar with , not all fields . 
  i am challenging your claims to authority ( by telling me i 'm wrong without any explanation as to how you know i 'm wrong . ), 
  that 's all i have to go on as that 's all you have provided . 
  what kind of epistemological frame are you operating from ? 
  i 'm particularly curious as to how you make decisions where you have to rely on your subjectivity to understand the situation . 
  yes , there is n't a branch of science that disputes my claims . 
  unless you can point to a field of science that does ? 
  the only organised groups that do help people that might disagree would be religious . 
  the rest are armchair experts with no relevant experience .
