  when i was a kid , i had to watch seinfeld to see arguments about nyc pizza . 
  now i can watch them within minutes of them happening . 
  what a world we live in . 
  and now i want some nyc pizza but i 'm 14000km away . 
  fonterra has considerable political clout , therefore it does n't have to . 
  that 's why . 
  was n't there just a law passed that required [ ~ 97 % of all dairy on supermarket shelves to be fonterrra products ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/farming/dairy/87454769/fridge-stoush-looms-between-milk-companies-fonterra-and-lewis-road ) ? 
  if that 's not a government supporting one of its [ key holders to power ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ) , i do n't know what is . 
  mmmm , bouncy . 
  tnr ? 
  ear tip ? 
  they look like good chums . 
  i seem to be conflating to separate situations , thanks for the correction . 
  i thought it was the un ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  robust science , including but not limited to what this data shows us , demonstrates that we get massive returns on quality early childhood care . 
  the labour-green government were all set to make this investment . 
  national tossed that out . 
  do we think national 's love of data extends to the data about the state of our rivers and other ecosystems ? 
  i get the feeling the only real data that matters in cash in the bank . 
  a billion dollar prison will fix this . 
  this is the only reason there is such high demand for this drug . 
  not enough prisons . 
  it does n't seem like a bad time to have friends and close friends at that , whatever the reason . 
  superluminal or sub-light ? 
  as someone who feels a spiritual connection to all that a burger is and can be , you are a champion to me . 
  some say there are mr. skeltals that have whole bodies . 
  well , for your efforts its now one of my liked yt videos . 
  i 'd like to see nz grow as a knowledge economy , offering the world a model for change and able to challenge the world stage in the issue of climate change with moral authority . 
   more info here . 
  that was much more interesting than expected . 
  the important bit :, 
   three advantages of bubbledeck systems, 
  open floor plan and finish control : the reason bubbledeck is attractive to designers is because the slab carries its self-weight ( without reliance on load-carrying columns and beams ) , allowing for more extensive and open floor plans . 
  in the case of the hmc project , a traditional precast concrete ( or cast in place ) structure with support beams would have increased the building 's height and required closer spacing between columns , thus disrupting the available open interior space envisioned by the client . 
  `` aesthetically , we were excited about the level of control over finishes by having it done in the factory , '' said brandt . 
  35 % less concrete , same strength : the system is designed to take the dead weight out of the center of a slab by filling it with plastic bubbles instead of concrete . 
  one of the major advantages of bubbledeck is that it uses 35 % less concrete than traditional floor systems , yet has the same strength and more flexibility in terms of design . 
  more sustainable construction option : bubbledeck uses less concrete than traditional concrete floor systems , offers a more sustainable construction option , contributes less co2 to the atmosphere in the manufacturing process and also meets sustainability goals through the use of recycled plastic spheres . 
  the spheres could be recycled yet again should the building be demolished or renovated in the future . 
  the dead air space in the hollow spheres provides insulating value and can be injected with foam for additional energy efficiency . 
  a friend of mine never got to learn that lesson . 
  he was killed with a knife he brought to defend himself . 
  do the reverse . 
  when applying for a role , provide your cv and what you 're expecting to earn . 
  if they reply , then you 're on the right track , if not , you 've saved yourself time . 
  how is muldoon knighted and lange not ? 
  which is of course the point : to maintain an uncomprised standard of news reporting . 
  luckily this is protected by law , cause national appears to have a dim view of this apparently privileged position . 
  apparently other news agencies are hard done by getting to make a profit from their work . 
  that muldoon has a title and lange does n't is evidence enough that the titles are of questionable significance . 
  it sounds like when we traded labour for national we got our titles back but lost our heart . 
  i reckon just do n't bring it . 
  or do n't go where it 's needed . 
  i guess the idea is that we 're maturing as an egalitarian society , beyond the need to elevate people as above others , that they need titles to distinguish them . 
  alas , the world is less and less egalitarian each day . 
  i think they are separate issues . 
  besides , john key himself stated we need to accept nz is bi-cultural . 
  fight for the monoculture if you want , you 've already lost . 
  our society is a far , far better than it has been . 
  no reason to stop trying . 
  i think it 's the state of politics in nz . 
  it 's been nearly 10 years of neglecting social services and safety nets , jumps in petty crime and mental illness has been the consequence . 
  the real long term crime trend in nz is domestic violence and sex abuse . 
  head out to the [ kumeu observatory ] ( http://kumeu.blogspot.co.nz/ ) . 
  it 's just a good spot where the hills block glare from the city . 
  donald duck , i like it . 
  you 'd be surprised though . 
  the impacts might be buffered and slow to become apparent , but they 're there . 
  particularly in regards to the opportunities that are available to you . 
  but as you say , we have it decent here . 
  a quick look about makes it easy to see that overall nz is the benefactor of long-term international goings on . 
  gangs exist and fight for complex reasons rather than no reason . 
  but no one really cares , after all , life is busy as it is without having to understand complex reasons for shit . 
  yeah , it 's still shit . 
  it 's still part of the food chain and ecosystem . 
  how well we deal with this shit will impact the quality of our health and community . 
  if we ignore it , or treat it improperly , we could get buried in it . 
  alas , that has never been possible . 
  first significant infrastructure must be developed and maintained . 
  else you eventually find yourself in deep shit . 
  indeed as social infrastructure fails in nz the levels of shit keep rising . 
  they 're both issues of entropy , so they 're very similar . 
  it looks like a march for women and what 's important to them . 
  from what i can gather from the pictures it seems love , kindness , tolerance , equal rights , human rights , feminism , us politics and the vulnerable are amongst those things . 
  i guess it being a march , success would be people showing up and marching . 
  the blue car would have to stop if a car was approaching from the top of the image and turning right . 
  better wind up that window ... 
  we scuppered a good deal with some of our more equitable neighbours because we got giddy at the idea of getting hooked up with the us and making bank . 
  i hope we continue to dodge bullets , it feels like a few more are coming our way . 
  what with that ticking time bomb we need to get around to taking seriously . 
  i think you 're mistaken . 
  at least , that 's not my read of the post . 
  it seems to be about the change of attitude rather than certainty . 
  i think you 're completely off point with what op was getting at . 
  if you need to vent about the issue , maybe reply to the first op ? 
  the tpp prior to us involvement ? 
  unless that 's still going ahead ? 
  and if it is going ahead , is it with or without the conditions the us imposed ? 
  or will some pre-us agreement be used ?
