  but you 're not just doing that , you 're trying to find some way to demonstrate i 'm wrong by cooking up your own impossible criteria for demonstrating what i 'm asserting . 
  it 's not enough for you to think `` this person is wrong '' , for some reason you need to demonstrate this despite not have any background in what we are discussing , at least none you are willing to admit or demonstrate . 
  this tells me i am challenging your personal beliefs , beliefs which for some reason you need to protect . 
  this far from a sound platform for academic debate . 
  i do n't think we do anything for their kids by judging their parents . 
  basically we 're pre-judging this kids , writing them off , because kids grow up to be like their parents . 
  it takes some kind of intervention for things to change . 
  a sparrow does not know anything , let alone that it needs to provide for its family . 
  you might be able to see sparrows feeding their families , but there will also be sparrows that are struggling , such as young sparrows whose parent was killed by a cat before it fully developed . 
  the difference between sparrows and modern humans is of those growing up without getting basic needs met , the sparrow will likely die , the human will not . 
  the human will continue to struggle along as best it 's able . 
  of course , other humans will not be able to see the nature of these struggles and may judge these humans as bad . 
  something unique about humans however is we can observe ourselves , see what works and what does n't . 
  we can see that judgements do n't work and punishments do n't have great outcomes . 
  which is why for at least a century we have been seriously studying these things , finding out what does work . 
  it turns out caring for children goes much further than judging parents . 
  of course people love their judgements and struggle to give them up . 
  how am i supposed to provide evidence for claims i have not made ? 
  you 're just pulling a trick , using deception to try and support an unfounded position . 
  and that 's before we start looking at what nature and quality of evidence you 're after . 
  i can easily provide evidence : the government has cut funding to mental health services and we are seeing unwanted behaviour in our communities . 
  that 's evidence . 
  it 's not of a high quality or particularly robust , but it 's evidence . 
  if you want better evidence then we need to start thinking about research paradigms and all kinds of stuff that is far too in-depth for this discussion . 
  `` the '' assertion ? 
  i asserted and still claim that we can expect to see an increase of this type of behaviour with the funding cuts we 're seeing . 
  that 's a reasonable thing to claim . 
  you keep on reframing my claim to be that government cuts * cause * this kind of behave . 
  what nonsense . 
  that 's like saying if the government cut treatment for broken legs that the government is the cause of broken legs . 
  how stupid . 
  and despite that i made no claims as to why this specific instance of behaviour occurred , you keep demanding evidence that this specific instance was the result of government cuts . 
  come on , what more nonsense do you have for me ? 
  gravity hammer sounds better . 
   you did n't say anything else other than that, 
  well let 's take a look shall we :, 
   life can be violent and brutal - particularly from a child 's perspective . 
  national has frozen or cut funding to a range of community services that help people deal with this . 
  what 's happening is the expected outcome . 
  huh . 
  it looks to me like i raised how life can be violent and brutal . 
  it seems , despite your claims i did say something else . 
  what else have you got ? 
  so all you can do is question a claim i did not make . 
  thanks , it 's good to know that 's the extent of your objections . 
  no skin off my nose . 
  what i wonder is , can you back up your claim that cutting mental health services does not impact community mental health . 
  i 'm so glad i heard this song as a kid , it had a great impact . 
  still , it took me a long time to let go . 
  why ? 
  it depends on what you want . 
  if you care about your community , its health and future , you might consider the wellbeing of those who will become adults in your community . 
  if you do n't give a fuck , do n't give a fuck . 
  if you enjoy gratifying yourself by judging others , do that . 
  but if you want a healthy , happy community , one where you can be free of random bullshit , you ca n't have that and your judgements as well . 
  yeah , it is . 
  it 's devastating to think of all the species that have died and will die that we wo n't notice . 
  assuming we pull through climate change , we 're going to regret the major loss to genetic diversity that we 're causing . 
  it will be a long time if ever before we have anything that matches billions of years of evolution . 
   i did n't make the claim that cutting mental health services does not impact community health . 
  but i think you are and that 's what matters , right ? 
  just like you say i 'm claiming the government causes this kind of behaviour , despite my objections . 
   i challenged you to substantiate your claim that it does . 
  you asked for * evidence * that the government * caused * this behaviour . 
  that 's quite different from asking the basis for my claim that cutting mental health care impacts community mental health . 
  i can answer that question easily should you ask it . 
  you probably wo n't understand , but i can still demonstrate a basis for my understanding . 
  forsooth !, 
  waiheke is great because it 's an island , effectively remote , however it 's only a modest ferry ride from auckland city . 
  it 's definitely rife with island culture . 
  if you do n't know what i mean , visit waiheke . 
  while it does often look this way , corruption and capitalism are n't the same thing . 
  rock star economy, 
  rock star economy, 
  tied to one commodity, 
  your complaints are frivolity, 
  what ? 
  like some kind of , what shall we call it , `` knowledge '' economy ? 
  you 're as bad as a stuff headline !, 
  wasp = hate and stings . 
  bees = love and honey . 
  / r/fellowkids, 
  that 's kind of awesome except fuck canned laughter , lowest-common-denominator comedy , and everything else chuck lorre stands for . 
  hrmm . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  everyone loves milk . 
  software is hard and confusing . 
  who uses software anyways ? 
  fantastic work . 
  i think the phenomena of the media trumpeting poor science undermines the public 's view of science . 
  makes it easier for people to denounce science around vaccinations and climate changes . 
  after all , what about all those others things we heard science proved that turned out to be nonsense ? 
  no complaints about more apartments . 
  as long as they are a decent size and built to a high standard . 
  the quality of our housing impacts the quality of our communities . 
  / r/whatsinthisthing, 
  i do n't know about shutting them in . 
  however not problematic in of itself , particularly if the apartments were built alongside quality community services , childcare services , public transport , the like . 
  not that the current government would fund such services , but i think you 'll get what i mean . 
  i still do n't know the difference between a `` trade agreement '' and a `` free trade agreement '' .
