  these things seem mutually exclusive to me , yet it is one model that has been suggested by authorities on the matter . 
  and if scientific consensus concluded this model was accurate , i would accept it . 
  the realness of god is not a question for me . 
  if i 'm real , god is real . 
  my pursuit of god is the pursuit of what is real . 
  i , like many , do n't feel bound by popular concepts of god or gods . 
  as an aside , semantics are important , not linguistic nonsense . 
  obsessively focusing on semantics is n't helpful , but that 's not what 's happening here . 
   if any person discussing pretty much any theistic religion says the word god ( not just the abrahamic ones ) they are referring to something with a series of commonly understood properties , not always alike but not often radically different . 
  this is not factual . 
  it 's hard to have a discussion when you keep introducing things as fact that you surely ca n't demonstrate . 
  am i wrong ? 
  or do you actually have any authority on these matters , so that you can point me to something that backs up your claims ? 
  otherwise how can you be sure ? 
   basically you 're saying your a hipster athiest , but you do n't like being called that right ? 
  i 'm indifferent to labels and judgements . 
  they are n't reality . 
   you do n't ascribe to any model of religion with a deity, 
  that 's an assumption which is incorrect . 
  discussion ca n't go anywhere when you insist to state `` you this , you that '' . 
  how about you say `` i '' rather than `` you '' . 
  that would be more honest and accurate . 
  we clearly operate from completely different epistemological positions . 
  you seem to equate `` normal '' with `` factual '' . 
  you consider a priori what i consider untrue . 
  i spent years becoming qualified in psychodynamics , it 's not easy study as there are a lot of natural biases that need to be overcome . 
  it takes work and discipline . 
  this is why i ask about authority , because there is a world of difference between the casual musings of an individual and serious knowledge . 
  i 'm not defending anything , i 'm trying to communicate my beliefs . 
  your constant refutations tell me you 're the one trying to defend something . 
  you mostly tell me what i 've got wrong rather than asking questions to further your understanding of my perspective regardless of whether you think i 'm right . 
  it 's not something i 'm comfortable searching to find out , was that really john key 's son ? 
  or was that just someone pulling my leg ? 
  well that 's a relief . 
  i mean , shit , could you imagine ? 
  oh of course . 
  you do n't get to be a kid like that without mum or dad making the big dollars . 
  or at least not for long . 
  we 've got to try what we can i suppose . 
  insightful , thanks . 
  fair call . 
  * shrug *, 
  none of this changes the fact that i conceive god to be the universe . 
  you call me a `` hipster atheist '' ( which is a judgement , not a statement of fact ) , yet my day-to-day functioning is based on my faith in god . 
  faith which is not that god exists because that 's self-apparent , but rather that god is * good . 
  * that , despite it often not seeming the case , life is worth living . 
  you consider your conception of popular religion to be the only conception of religion . 
  that 's basically solipsism . 
  because you have someone right here offering an alternative which you seem unable to accept . 
  i can demonstrate that others share my view : my original post about god being the universe was tagged controversial - i.e. 
  others at least thought the idea is worth merit , even if it 's against popular conception . 
  you seem to equate what you do n't understand or what is unfamiliar as nonsense . 
  you have n't explained very much at all . 
  you have stated , but this is n't explaining . 
  someone uses a word in a way you 're not familiar with ? 
  they must be wrong because * everyone * means this other thing which . 
  right ? 
  it 's not conceivable to you that someone knows something other that what you know . 
   it is a factual statement . 
  you do not follow any concept recognized categorically as a religion , and you do not believe in any kind of deity , or anything supernatural which could be categorized as such . 
  but that 's not true . 
  you do n't understand what i believe . 
  well , it 's clear you do n't think that , you apparently understand full well what i believe , from the very minimal amount i 've typed . 
  so here 's my judgement for you : you 're a solipsist . 
   you state that you equate the ` everything ' to being ` god ' . 
  that does not mean anything . 
  you mean it does n't mean anything to * you * . 
  it clearly means something to me . 
  you however seem to think that if a questionnaire was handed out to a fair sample with a question `` do you believe god is all ? '', 
  that no one would respond yes . 
  our discussion ca n't go any further while we 're at conflict over this . 
   no , it objectively means nothing to suggest ` everything is god ' . 
  well , there 's no arguing with a solipsist . 
  enjoy your fantasies of touched nerves . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/279238/new-bee-parasite%27s-sting-operation ), 
   beekeeper oksana borowik lost about 65 percent of her 300 hives in coromandel last year , costing her about $ 200,000 . 
  at least something is happening . 
  i wonder if there has ever be any greater self-sacrifice in history , relative to how many lives were saved . 
  she does look proper crazy . 
  so [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwlsua6-qg4 ) ? 
   last month education minister hekia parata told the northern advocate : `` i think it 's utterly disgraceful that the ppta is preventing the teacher getting a placement in a school . '', 
  it 's always cute when ms hekia parata acts as if she has any kind of moral authority . 
  you know what 's utterly disgraceful ? 
  letting kids arrive at school hungry and leave school hungry . 
  it sounds like the suppression system being activated is only marginally better than a fire breaking out . 
  what 's that ? 
  taking the smallest amount of information and expanding it so that it fits your pre-conceived notions . 
  no , you 're not a solipsist at all . 
  lolz , what a joker . 
  i 'm sorry i took you seriously to begin with . 
  there is no world that exists outside your head : you 're a solipsist . 
  zim was right : * filthy * huu-mans !, 
  i made a small submission , i did n't fill out all the sections :, 
   i would like it to be enshrined in law that community services of a minimum standard are required to be available for people struggling with violence , both victims and perpetrators . 
  domestic violence is a multi-generational and societal problem that extends far beyond an election cycle , with the consequences of policy often taking generations to become fully apparent . 
  making these services a legal requirement rather than an expression of government policy would spare these services from political machinations . 
  this would allow such services to operate with greater certainty and stability , offering consumers respite from often tumultuous circumstances , as opposed to reinforcing beliefs about a world that is unreliable and uncaring when arbitrary cuts or demands are made of these services to suit political goals . 
  minimum standards would provide both funding and oversight for these services , affording a balance between providing high quality care with ensuring a cost effective service . 
   apparently this til has been posted a few times in the past .
