  it can only be detrimental to convince people to make irrational decisions en masse . 
  that said , you only increase your ignorance by using weak anecdote to strengthen your cognitive biases . 
  but you reference conspiracy , so i guess you 're going all-in for ignorance . 
  and who will teach the parents what to teach ? 
  from the [ stuff article ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/90293847/raging-businessman-takes-toyota-to-tribunal-over-525-key ) :, 
   it was a claim toyota strongly denied . 
  it said it reviewed its pricing of parts regularly and set prices with reference to cost , ** competitive pressure ** and other factors . 
  there is no competitive pressure so they feel they can charge what they can get away with . 
  it can cause problems :, 
  [ kiwi detained in kazakhstan after officials refuse to recognise new zealand as country ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/travel/kiwi-traveller/87233886 ), 
   further complicating matters , the room she was interrogated in had a large map of the world tacked on the wall - but the map did n't include new zealand . 
   it was in reference to your ` only marketers know the truth about freud man ! ', 
  conspiracy claim . 
  i made no conspiracy claim . 
  that 's your projection , not what i said . 
  you 're having a conversation with your imagination . 
  i was referencing [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5mr0og/is_there_any_correlation_between_education_and/dc6oyw1/ ) kind of common and incorrect understanding of freud 's place in the world . 
  you 'll note the edit in the comment after op read my response . 
  marketing is about influencing decisions in favour of those advertising , that 's the long and short of it . 
  most people advertising are trying to make money . 
  surely there 's nothing controversial about this statement ? 
  i 'm pretty sure with our current approach we are all of us dead fucked . 
  earth with the climate of venus fucked . 
  like if we stopped all emissions today we * might * scrape through with only a few billion dead fucked . 
  we 're not facing a new equilibrium where the world is a bit hotter and a bit wetter . 
  we are facing * runaway * climate change . 
  you get that right ? 
  housing has always posed challenges for new zealand . 
  and we have [ successfully faced these challenges ] ( http://www.hnzc.co.nz/about-us/history-of-state-housing/ ) . 
  what 's stopping us now ? 
  they have no recourse via the tenancy tribunal if they are not the tenant ( signed onto the tenancy agreement . ), 
  they 're a flatmate with no special rights . 
  i grew up in whangarei , back yard hangis were n't uncommon from memory . 
  i miss it tbh . 
  i would hope that our computer overlords would be adept at understanding our genuine values - and not the values of those who program it . 
  i expect an effective , accepted ai overlord would be able to understand us as groups and as individuals , with diverse values and needs . 
  it might understand that some people want children of high genetic quality and are willing to abort those who are n't , others are happy to raise a down syndrome baby if that 's what they conceive . 
  a choice we already currently make . 
  my fear would be a poorly considered ai , developed with an absence of significant insight into human nature . 
  for instance an ai built with a simplistic understanding of our complex values and needs , and yet with the capacity to exploit our vulnerabilities , especially our vulnerability to being manipulated by relatively simple means . 
  like we currently do to each other , such as with propaganda and marketing . 
  i think there is a potential for a runaway ai . 
  but there is also great potential in releasing the massive potential in a deeply organised human society , something ai can enable . 
   i am ashamed to admit that i just told them to enjoy their evening . 
  do n't be ashamed . 
  the more rude people are the greater pleasure i take in not letting their rudeness impact my behaviour . 
   the stimulant properties have long been known to be used across a range of work , domestic and recreational activities that require long periods of stamina and concentration , '' dr wilkins says . 
  maybe we could make modafinil more readily available . 
  it has the same properties without the health risks . 
  it 's closed has it ? 
  that 's a shame , i really enjoyed it too when i worked in town . 
   imagine all the money we would have for social services . 
  our lack of investment into social services is n't due to a lack of money . 
  nz is a rich country with very low debt levels . 
   erdogan 's days are numbered, 
  have you seen the state of the world lately ? 
  it 's turkey 's days that are numbered . 
  the original twilight zone from the 50s/60s . 
  wow , this guy would have lived through a few coups . 
  national have completely botched how we deal with sexual abuse in nz . 
  they admit to `` big mistakes '' with acc 's sensitive claims services :, 
  [ acc overhauls sexual abuse care service ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/267591/acc-overhauls-sexual-abuse-care-service ) . 
  this is after years of being told right from the get-go that their approach would result in the very problems that have occurred . 
  but expert opinion gets written off as `` passionate '' rather than academic , based on the most robust knowledge and data we have . 
  and the victim support services that closed due to national 's priorities being elsewhere are written off as `` hobby horses '' . 
  this is despite treasury putting the cost of sexual abuse in nz at $ 1 billion per year . 
  it 's disgusting , a very real nightmare . 
  this is the real rape culture of nz . 
  i 'm sure this is only an isolated incident . 
  there 'll be no other fraud in our public services . 
  more like 400 years . 
  the end of great britian . 
  they need to blame the old such whities who are creaming it right now . 
  * if * foreign buyers are a problem it 's because we 're allowing it . 
  sounds like you want say nothing veiled as something . 
  from what i 've seen this sub has diverse narratives , a variety of conflicting biases . 
  but maybe that 's my bias ? 
  oh noes , what is even real ? 
  or maybe this sub 's apparent narrative is your projection and it was you who was biased all alooooong !, 
  desperate times , ideal for recruiting the desperate . 
  yay . 
  national can demonstrate they are doing something about the worsening social conditions they 're ushering in , it almost spins spending $ 2.5 b on prisons as compassionate . 
  victim of a crime that 's not usually reported ( like sex abuse ) ? 
  at risk of suicide ? 
  just fucking miserable ? 
  well , too fucking bad . 
  whatever you decide , it 's important to vote regardless . 
  people who do n't vote are n't considered when parties promote their policies . 
  maybe ask the cia . 
  haha . 
  b-b-but the education minister 's budget has gone up 35 % . 
  so everything must be okay !, 
  actually , the bulk has gone to `` forecast changes in early childhood education , primary and secondary education and property values '' , whatever that means . 
  charter schools also seem to be doing well , as you say . 
   unfairly disavantageous to men in the community, 
  no it 's not . 
  it might be a disadvantage for men or anyone who is on the waiting list . 
  but it 's not unfair as those benefiting are already greatly disadvantaged and the disadvantage others experience is relatively benign . 
  that 's not the disadvantage being referring to . 
  the disadvantage would be different in each case , resulting in women feeling uncomfortable around men .
