  i 've been encouraged ( and am now required ) to put a portion of my earnings away in savings to ensure i have a nest egg when i retire . 
  in addition to the taxes i pay . 
  so it 's a situation of have less now so i can have something later . 
  the boomers seem to expect something along the lines of `` have it all now , have it all later '' . 
  anyone who uses the creep-speech deserves whatever petty revenge comes their way . 
  i 've tried that , and i 'm sure it 's good for what it is , but it 's not what i 'm after . 
  thanks for the suggestion though !, 
  i will report back with my findings . 
  you ever drive down to where that cuddle crowd is ? 
  i saw it on an idiot abroad . 
  it seemed a bit more desperate than that . 
  like it * needs * answers , * now * . 
  i recommend :, 
  that 's a serious endorsement . 
  it 's a bit out of the way , but i 'll have to check it out . 
  i remember when going to work my part-time was my `` break '' while at uni . 
  suddenly i 'm forgetting to put on my belt in the morning . 
  it 's not required , but business pants look silly without a belt . 
  for * some * reason ? 
  fight the patriarchy !, 
  if i were a psychopath , this whole legal highs debacle would be a bonanza . 
  so many vulnerable people fresh to exploit . 
  they certainly do !, 
  but it looks strange with the empty loops and an absent belt buckle . 
  purely vanity/fashion . 
  i just look a bit silly . 
  what 's the book and publish date ? 
  even from the little info there is in the book , it seems ... dated . 
  yup , those are my thoughts when thinking about the glaciers collapsing into the ocean . 
  well , i 'm not going to comment on catholicism , their doctrine and rites . 
  but i do believe that at least in contemporary western society we hide and mask the darkness that moves amongst us and through our cities . 
  the most compelling example for me is the high level of sex abuse and trauma seen in typically over worked , under resourced clinics , something which can be seen time and again if you read any historical or contemporary trauma research . 
  compared with public perception of the seriousness of this problem , even amongst victims . 
  watch out for epic philip seymour hoffman scenes !, 
  it 's amazing the volume of content i see on reddit , and yet am still able to miss top ranked posts . 
  there 's an existential crisis in there somewhere i think . 
  their definition of a real job is probably those that will soon been taken over by computers and machines . 
  some places have stupid laws where that 's not the case . 
  indeed , and as more potential applications come to light , the more drive and funding there will be to develop manufacturing processes . 
  it seems even if this process was extremely expensive , it would still be cost effective . 
  there 's a lot of history behind the state of public healthcare in new zealand and who it has to service . 
  it 's not that you 're crazy , it 's just i imagine learning nursing is enough to be dealing with without having to grasp the nuances of social and cultural policy . 
  i mean , i do n't know anything about your particular circumstances , and i am not sure if you 're telling us the practice is required or rather accepted , but i 'm not surprised or upset that there 's a consideration for spiritual practices in nursing . 
  if you look , you will find research consensus that supports this as being a good practice for health outcomes , basically because many people are spiritual - particularly in times of distress . 
  it would n't surprise me if the government implements this in a clumsy manner . 
  but hopefully you manage to grasp the essence of it . 
  healing comes from people as much as it does procedures . 
  these are questions you can be assured have been grappled with long and hard . 
  any health science training worth its salt will make you well aware of these issues . 
  traditionally medicine has been very industrialised , unsurprising given how medicine progressed along with industrialisation . 
  it 's awful what we did to infants in the name of sanitation . 
  through decades of research we have discovered this industrial approach limits the potential for good health outcomes and now we are trying to humanise medicine . 
  we 're still figuring out how to exactly do this - challenging given a lot of people have bought into the industrial approach and can be surprised/upset by the unexpected . 
  why certain religious perspectives are given priority is due to our historical and socio-cultural context . 
  i have to give the bank money every month because i signed an agreement saying i should . 
  the crown has to give maori a special place in nz because it signed an agreement saying it would . 
  ( well , more accurately , maori signed an agreement saying it would give subjects of the crown special treatment in nz . ), 
  i 'd like to ignore the agreement with the bank , think of all that extra cash i 'd have to blow !, 
  but it 's more important to me to be a person who honours his obligations . 
  seems to make life better all around . 
  when . 
  the hell . 
  is shit like this . 
  going to be . 
  for sale !? 
  i guess when you 're loaded with schmekles you do n't need money ? 
  they clearly do n't want mine !, 
  that guy is clearly a lazy bludger , needs to learn the value of hard work . 
  i can tell because he has no job and all people with no jobs are lazy bludgers . 
  unless i find myself unemployed , then it 's the economy and i should be entitled to support . 
   about 36 % of homes would pass all the criteria in the draft wof checklist after just a few minor and inexpensive fixes . 
  or alternatively 64 % of homes would require more than minor and inexpensive fixes to get up to standard . 
  i think you 're right . 
  6 % passed , 36 % failed requiring `` minor or inexpensive fixes '' , leaving 58 % i assume requiring more than minor or inexpensive fixes . 
  are you sure 40 % failed only on hot water temperature ? 
  it 's certainly possible the reporter missed this when saying 36 % only required minor work . 
  i was wondering if the additional work required to maintain investment properties would reduce interest in the practice , easing pressure on housing prices . 
  i imagine the wof would be a two way street , tenants would need to ensure their property is in an inspectable condition . 
  so whatever the case , i think ownership will still be the more appealing option . 
  i dream of my first powerwashing experience . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  the unimaginable depth ... 
  thanks so much !, 
  i do n't think you appreciate what you 're saying . 
  no one can be respectful of the cultural and religious beliefs of any potential person they meet . 
  people have an exceedingly diverse range needs in that regard , many incompatible with our own . 
  western kiwi culture by default gets preferential treatment , the whole process from beginning to end is tailored for western sensibilities . 
  the dominant culture will be dominant . 
  in our case , because we live by the rule of law , maori are ensured public services take steps to consider their cultural and spiritual needs . 
  we do take some steps to assist those of cultures different to our own . 
  you might see multilingual pamphlets about and i think usually we allow anything that does n't mess with what we 've going on . 
  but generally , they 'll be having a kiwi western experience , however that makes them feel . 
  cold as ice !, 
  your belief is in conflict with the evidence , but you are welcome to it . 
  the fact is , scientific consensus accepts that a person will heal faster and more completely from * physical * injuries and illness if their emotional and spiritual needs are attended to in some degree . 
  this can be extended to any distressing event . 
  it certainly would be wonder if that was the universal standard of care . 
  lets work towards that , eh ? 
  we can always keep trying . 
  communication is the only way to develop mutual understanding .
