  the oceans will be dead soon enough anyway , may as well make the most of them while we can . 
  am i being sarcastic ? 
  i ca n't really tell . 
  so from this model of understanding things like will and intention do n't actually exist ? 
  can all these phenomena together be considered the life force ? 
  it does appear to give rise to life ... 
  my mistake . 
  i did n't realise the data referred to particular understanding of `` life force '' . 
  i 'm not familiar with it myself . 
  for me , if the concept of life force is raised i think `` that which results in life '' . 
  hence my original question , given my experience is of being alive , therefore there must be a life force . 
  i did n't know you guys had a seal . 
  those are some fine teeth . 
  i reckon that 's some producer 's or writers ugly mutt . 
  maybe someone bought it along , someone saw how ugly it was and insisted it was on the show . 
  it 's a usage , but what makes it typical ? 
  my investigations have led me to believe that people have diverse , not particularly coherent understandings of these kinds of concepts . 
  i think that 's a bias on your behalf . 
  it might be a common bias , but i think on close inspection we would find considerable divergence nailing down specifics . 
  that might be your perception , but how can we be sure ? 
  i might agree the plural lies with some idea of a magic force , but the majority ? 
  i would be surprised if the majority has given it any real thought . 
  it makes no more sense than to say christianity is this , and islam is that . 
  it may be the standard to understand these things as coherent and complete , agreed upon and understood . 
  but even a cursory inspection of what of what these belief systems entail to individuals reveals considerably different ideas . 
  it seems more helpful and closer to observed reality to consider these ideas as abstract and undefined . 
  what you 're telling me about is your information bubble . 
  it sounds like you 're very familiar with statistical science , but not so much with qualitative science . 
  you 're focusing on what comes out on top , rather than what lies within the depths . 
  what 's familiar is much more accessible than what 's difficult . 
  it 's always helpful to stay with the unknown if you want to discover something new , or to move past our preconceptions . 
  our definitions are not reality . 
  our definitions help us grapple with reality , something far greater than us . 
  but they limit us . 
  consider how long it took for qed to take hold . 
  scientists were stuck thinking of light as either a wave or a particle . 
  to move forward these ideas needed to be let go of to discover what is really happening . 
  can you please quantify this ? 
  how long has does it take to build up sufficient equity now , compared to say 20 , 50 , 100 years ago ? 
  it 's the same is it ? 
  looks like the intersection needs improving . 
  nearly 12 cars a minute at a stop sign ? 
  how long would that queue be if every car was coming to a complete stop ? 
  and 50 , and 100 ? 
  20 years ago was n't very long ago . 
  certainly not `` always '' . 
  so , no ? 
  come back , bro . 
  good luck with whatever you decide . 
  lets not . 
  old age . 
  the only thing more brutal than death is life . 
  in that situation i think he may have tried again ... 
  we 're both . 
  maybe we think he 's ignorant and foolish rather than malicious ? 
  i 've personally had enough of old white guys and their bright ideas about what 's best for all of us . 
  renting means to be beholden to your landlords . 
  sure , you 've got rights that can be upheld by the tenancy tribunal but there 's nothing stopping your landlord putting up the rent to pretty much whatever they like . 
  would you listen to old men talk about what 's best for young women ? 
  only if they had taken the time to accurately diagnose my condition and they were the most appropriate person to make the diagnosis . 
  you think some old white dude who is n't entrenched in maori culture and society is the most appropriate person to say what 's best for maori ? 
  please , tell me more about what i need to do to grow up . 
  that 's very grown up of you . 
  / facepalm, 
  i am only capable of judging what is best for myself . 
  it would take the consensus of diverse , authoritative sources before i could accept that we can ignore history . 
  it will never happen . 
  because of history , and how old white men benefit from it . 
  that 's not a fact that 's up for debate right ? 
  old white men benefit the most from the actions of the past . 
   so as an old white man myself , you 're saying my opinions are n't valid, 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i said :, 
   i 've personally had enough of old white guys and their bright ideas about what 's best for all of us . 
  because our society is largely built from the bright ideas of old white guys . 
  their ideas have n't benefited all equally . 
  it 's time to move on , listen to some other voices . 
   is n't it better just to judge arguments on their merit ? 
  i agree . 
  if i come across arguments presented in an academic forum , that cites the work of other academics , i will definitely consider these on their merit . 
  politics is about power and who can grab it . 
  the only merit in politics is what power you can hold onto . 
   for clarification , the name of the variable component is timbre , the first syllable of which rhymes with ham , not jim . 
  this was the most significant take-away from your post ( and the rest was interesting too . ), 
  thanks . 
   so you 're saying that the majority of the innovations that give us the unprecedented quality of life we enjoy come from white men , but because they have n't benefited all equally we should now ignore them and listen to others for no reason but their alternate demographics ? 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm certain the innovations of modern life come from a diverse range of people . 
   ahh yes . 
  so you 'd ignore rosa parks & martin luther king etc because their ideas were n't presented via academia ? 
  or is your racism so overt that you only self censor against skin colours ? 
  rosa parks and martin luther king were expressing what they thought was best for themselves . 
  they were fighting oppression . 
  are you saying don brash and his crew are fighting oppression ? 
  we should feel sorry for these poor rich people ? 
   my advice to you is to move past the angsty identity politics you 're fed in your late teens . 
  i 'm sure you 're smarter than you 're coming across here and you 'll eventually come to this realisation in time whether you like it or not . 
  think for yourself and do n't assume the strength of an idea is determined by gender , skin colour , or academic credibility . 
  your projections do n't add to the strength of your argument . 
  attack the strongest form of my position , not the weakest , if your position is so unassailable .
