  probably one of the girls i chose not to sleep with . 
  i love that kind of hero . 
  `` saved a life ? 
  so what , i 'm just going about my business . '', 
  was that guy really important or something ? 
  cause those people reacted like someone just dropped a baby . 
  i love the older style d&d pc games that basically were just computer versions of the paper game . 
  like eye of the beholder . 
  i hate the `` they wo n't remember '' argument . 
  i do n't recall my earliest trauma as i was six months old , my limbic system sure does though !, 
  i loved one piece until they started dragging out episodes , with only a tiny bit of new content per episode . 
  it was quite early , there was some battle that required a woman to scream at length several times an episode for several episodes and some clock that moved 3 seconds an episode . 
  it was a nightmare , i gave up despite my love for tony choppa . 
  that dude had a roll cage too . 
  dunno why anyone would off-road without a roll cage . 
  aw , it 's nice of you to ask . 
  from about six months when i would cry or was in the way i would get shut in a cupboard by my mum 's boyfriend/drug dealer . 
  i found out while studying psychotherapy . 
  applying theory to myself suggested very early trauma , which was puzzling because i have a lot of early memories and in all of them the relationship with my mum felt very warm with no sense of anything being wrong . 
  when talking about this puzzle with my mum she explained , which helped make sense of a lot of stuff . 
  that 's no moon !, 
  nor is that one !, 
  real first world problems . 
  thanks !, 
  actually , i have an unread book on my shelf treating attachment disorders by karl brisch . 
  i 've read a number of books more on the theory , its history and its model of child development , i 've got holmes and karen on my shelf . 
  but i think i 'm reluctant to read about it being applied in therapy ... like i 'd prefer to experience it first hand . 
  it might not surprise you that i 'm a complex fellow . 
  most likely but not easily . 
  the training is difficult , your own self tends to get in the way when learning about the nature of self . 
  as such much of the training requires developing deep self awareness . 
  i can offer you the developmental theorists that influenced my thinking , wikipedia might give you a hint , but it 's dense material and it 's easy to miss the point . 
  that said , there 's probably plenty of attachment literature out there that many people have found helpful . 
  it really depends on what you 're after . 
  i 'm not a psychotherapist myself . 
  i have related qualifications , but i did n't complete the practical training , resourcing issues mainly . 
  [ edit  i should point out i 'm a nerd and information sponge . 
  so i was studying psychotherapy , but inevitably i came across research from other fields like neuropsychology and evolutionary psychology , so i 've developed a fairly multi-dimensional understanding . 
  a bit haphazardly , which is fine for personal understanding , i would n't be applying it to practice though . 
  perhaps it would help if i was a bit more specific . 
  for myself some of what pointed to the early trauma was my hyper-intellectualism and spiritualism , my fast and verbose manner of speech , my tendency to look at the world a differently - i function well socially but people i become close to often comment that i 'm weird ( but in a way that suggests the weirdness is n't unwanted . ), 
  and then there 's the automatic adrenaline response ( which i am so used to , i did n't even realise it was there despite it being so obvious ) which results in elevated heart rate , agitation and sweating with any human interaction i engage in ( even writing this ) . 
  and my strong preference for isolation despite enjoying other people and intense loneliness . 
  some major theorists that helped me understand this are the likes of john bowlby , erik erikson , jean piaget , margaret mahler , melanie klein and more contemporary psychoanalytic writers like nancy mcwilliams , karen maroda , salman aktar and marsha linehan . 
  as well as countless research papers and lectures ( including the fortune of attending lectures taken by mcwilliams , aktar and anthony batemen . ), 
  skepticism is actually important and useful as with this kind of thing , you only ever have a hypothesis . 
  in my case the evidence seems to fit , but who really knows ; we 're wonderful , mysterious beings . 
  the aim of these models and theories is to provide help , not to be correct . 
  i miss that show . 
  i miss walter . 
  mine in 14-30 days baby !, 
  also , expensive wine tastes better than cheap wine . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9ifsoxqc2i ) . 
  looks like he 's bungying over the kind of plantation / r/trees would appreciate . 
  i think your use of the word `` simply '' is inappropriate . 
  must be new to politics . 
  did you know that all eligible voters are required to vote in new zealand and a university degree is n't a condition of eligibility . 
  in fact , education level has no bearing on eligibility at all !, 
  let the terror seep in . 
  haha , this is good point - many people vote against their economic interests with the incorrect belief they 'll one day be in the position to cream it . 
  if you remove the word `` just '' from your post , it will be more accurate . 
  in this context it reads as `` easily , without effort , not hard '' , which would not be the case . 
  right you are . 
  you are required to enroll , does n't say anything about a requirement to vote that i could spot . 
  haha , very funny looking . 
  freaking cats and their cats faces . 
  cool site , thanks . 
  that 's cool , where are you traveling from ? 
  new zealand is an awesome place to live and that 's without big money . 
  plenty of talented , intelligent people would love to come over here , have the opportunity to thrive on a nz$ 500k . 
  and then there are a smart and intelligent locals who know a good thing when they see it and would also be happy to work hard for a mere six figures or low seven . 
  i mean , how smart are you if you leave new zealand ? 
  i 've traveled and sure , if you 're about money and you 're up for an ivory tower , gap it . 
  but i think you can be a business exec without being a money grubber . 
  i think there are plenty of kiwis about who would be just as happy to work knowing they 're making everyone around them rich , not just themselves at ludicrous heights . 
  and who 's to say that better resourced staff might not generate more ambition in themselves as their greater economic freedoms opens more doors to them . 
  this is n't an argument for the idea , i just have n't heard a good argument against it . 
  i only just noticed . 
  might have to find some actual cake . 
  this has been my every weekend ( weather varying of course ) for the last 2-3 years . 
  managed to score a cheap ( ish ) flat on the street behind tamaki dr. 
  i know it 's unseemly to brag , but it 's ridiculously awesome . 
  ( i grew up in a poor suburb of whangarei then south auckland , i did n't even know places like this existed when i was a kid ! ), 
  i respect an honest misanthrope , another perhaps ? 
  yes , i too am glad it/business professionals who have no training or education in policy do not set policy in nz . 
  indisputably suggests easily demonstrable evidence , which i am interested in seeing . 
  otherwise i 'm not sure these are n't myths . 
  we can be very convinced by our myths , particularly when there are others with a vested interest and the means to maintain them . 
  so i 'm sure you understand my interest in the evidence . 
  i beg your pardon , keep your knee-jerks to yourself . 
  i never professed any view of the sort , rather just what i thought the law was . 
  you make economics sound like asimov 's [ psychohistory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychohistory_%28fictional%29 ) . 
  you can say with certainty that an executive able nzer would choose another country and cash , over nz ? 
  either for a period or indefinitely . 
  lots of people leave nz for overseas jobs ( and vice versa ) . 
  are you saying all moving from one country to another is a person moving to a higher income ? 
  ^ [ edit : ^ typo ], 
  killing each other and not giving a fuck sounds worse . 
  saw pics my old man 's war buddy took in vietnam when i was a kid . 
  explained a bit about my old man .
