  tell me what else they 've got going on ? 
  aside from cutting funding to the kind of services that address the root causes of sexual offending upon children . 
  for example :, 
  it 's not about taking away urges to commit sex offences against children , that 's not a root issue . 
  that 's a symptom . 
  preventing the urges from developing in the first place is addressing the root cause . 
  root causes being children growing up being told violence is bad and then being regularly subjected to it . 
  or children seeking physical comfort from a parent but always being rebuked and hurt because of that parent 's sexual trauma . 
  stuff like that . 
  rape crisis has been an easy target for national . 
  people seeking the services have little voice and those running the services are too overwhelmed to complain or fear losing the little funding they have . 
  i can show links like this spanning national 's last two terms showing that these services are struggling :, 
  national is dressing its cuts up as a focus on priorities , with weak justifications like :, 
   services have grown like topsy . 
  and, 
   they are someone 's hobby horse, 
  apparently a government surplus equates to tough times . 
  yeah , and that 's a mistake . 
  because they go hand in hand . 
  such a register would only account for a tiny minority of sexual abusers . 
   this reminds me of a certain leader that refused to listen to his generals and lost his war ... 
  lyndon b. johnson ? 
  life is dirty , you got ta get amongst it , i 'm so glad you do . 
  hitler was the obvious choice , i was just trying to help you dodge godwin 's law which you are now aware of . 
  maybe they discovered we 're [ made out of meat ] ( http://www.terrybisson.com/page6/page6.html ) and decided to move on ? 
  this sounds good and fair , but in practice life is more complex . 
  we might lump all responsibility on parents and wash our hands of their children 's suffering . 
  but we still have to share our community with those children grown up . 
  and children raised in suffering do n't usually grow up to be the most enjoyable people to be around . 
  it 's not like this is a coherent value for the current government anyway . 
  it 's not like they 're taking away money from unworthy parents and investing it into the community for motivated parents . 
  national are also cutting needed , well utilised community services . 
  good to see national targeting those tax loopholes . 
   i 'm in no way advocating abandoning children to their fate . 
  but that is the outcome . 
   why should the taxpayers have to pay for someone to raise their kids properly, 
  a healthy , happier community . 
   no it is n't because the parents would be made to pick up the slack and the child 's welfare would be closely monitored . 
  i am talking present tense : children are abandoned to suffering . 
   hey guess what , i feel like quitting my full time job and i 'll just get a part time job instead . 
  i hope you and the rest of the nz taxpayers are ok with paying for my kids to be raised properly . 
  do what makes sense to you . 
  why would you work if it was n't worthwhile for you ? 
  our economic models are based on the fact that humans are rational and will make the best choices we can for ourselves , as best as we are able to . 
   well then we need to enact these changes faster . 
  these changes are only half the picture : compelling parents to work . 
  where is the other half , ensuring at risk children are cared for ? 
  what costs are involved , how will this be funded ? 
   if we take away the option to not work then working becomes the only viable option and people will do it . 
  yes , if we make working a more compelling objective than raising healthy children , we will get more parents working than looking after their kids . 
  and an unhealthy , unhappy society . 
  and you have no sympathy for those who ca n't ? 
  do you imagine that anyone who ca n't must have grown up with all the benefits you have , but instead opted for a life in front of the tv with ciggies and booze for comfort ? 
  so because you 're got it sorted out , everyone else must too ? 
  so you must think those seeking support do so to have life easier than you do ? 
  if so , i can see why you do n't have any sympathy . 
  let me tell you , life is n't like that . 
  we all benefit from different things . 
  some from inherited money . 
  others from generations of passed down family wisdom . 
  others , well , for others life is a place of lots of demands with few opportunities for respite . 
  and lots of people making judgements about them without getting to know what they 're going through . 
   you think that because mum and/or dad is n't home during the day means that kids turn to tv , ciggies and booze ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  i do n't think that , you misunderstood what i said . 
  i never said what you 're claiming at all . 
  my question was do you imagine the parents who seek out support use that support to fund their cigarettes and booze habits ? 
  because it does n't seem like you think there is genuine need in the community , only bludgers . 
  what you and i discuss here wo n't change the fact that there are parents doing their best but ultimately are unable to meet the needs of their children . 
  national are abandoning those parents and children . 
  we will all have to bare the consequence of this . 
  the quality of our community depends on how we treat our most vulnerable . 
  i guess that 's what he would do , so he 's assuming others must be doing the same . 
  sure , i mean compared to the billions we invest in roads , it 's barely anything . 
  however when the government is cutting needed services any spending is under scrutiny . 
  to see if their rationale for cutting these services is coherent across the board , or if the cuts are about ideology . 
  i 'd prefer we waited till we were in a near-golden era of abundance before we started focusing on these kinds of vanity projects . 
  i 'd be like the guy who got bailed out too . 
  in my mind i 'd be thinking about what might happen if someone went down wrong , hit their head on the curb or something . 
   or is the issue that were doing deals with arabs and we do n't like arabs ? 
  if there is any issue of ideology , i think it would be spending public money on commercial interests at a time when needed public services are struggling due to funding being '' [ cut to the bone ] ( http://www.voxy.co.nz/politics/monitoring-didnt-work-southern-dhb-nz-first/5/224163 ) '' . 
  indeed . 
  the question is , who is making the money ? 
  the public ? 
  or private/special interests ? 
   seriously , why are people so precious about these things ? 
  likely many reasons , clustered around our discomfort about how societies have historically treated minorities and those without power . 
   are you all secretly from tumblr ? 
  oh , so not seriously . 
   that money can then be spent on public interests . 
  it can , but will it ? 
  and will it be worth the cuts we 're facing now , will those people unable to access public services be better off in the long run with poor health now ? 
   are you implying key etc are funneling that money into their private bank accounts ? 
   absolutely . 
  what assures you of this ? 
  and do you think it 's possible to invest in areas that are important to some but not others ? 
  that any government can invest in what 's important to them while ignoring what 's important to others , particularly those with little voice to complain ? 
  no , what assures you that this money will be spent on public interests ( rather than say propping up private industry such as farming ) , and the return will be greater than if the money was spent on healthcare ? 
  or do you think money spent on public health is a 100 % waste , because that money would always be better spent elsewhere ? 
  you seem to grasp only economics .
