  we gots cash . 
   how does something about hiv relate to people stealing playstations, 
  it 's part of the long term trend of undermining community health services without consideration for the consequences . 
  services which have n't been put together so some people can enjoy warm fuzzies for helping the poors . 
  we run these services to avoid the worst consequences of people living in need . 
  consequences we all experience one way or another . 
  does anyone really think kids growing up in cars have a chipper outlook on life ? 
  no , shits fucked up . 
  and it 's getting worse . 
  it 's getting harder to get the help needed . 
  oh wait , personal responsibility , so fuck 'em . 
  they 're the ones having sex , too fucking bad if they 're too stupid to have safe sex . 
  too bad if they 're embarrassed to go to the doctor . 
  they should n't get help for that . 
  not with my money . 
  just get back to the car where you belong . 
  seriouly though , every time a playstation is stolen or a jogger is murdered by a psychotic stalker , it 's only what we deserve and we should expect more . 
  we 're doing so very far from our best to avoid this bullshit . 
   the support they need is prison, 
  which prisons are you talking about ? 
  in nz prisons for many are a repeat the circumstances that lead them there : communities run by violence . 
  the problem with prisons being the solution is the playstation has to be stolen first . 
  the jogger has to be found dead . 
   so you 're telling me i should have to pay more taxes to support the lazy people who are going though life kicking and screaming ? 
  nah they should get a job . 
  which work are you referring to that a person who has been raised kicked and screamed at is useful for ? 
  you realise that basic jobs are being replaced by technology , the remaining work tends towards the need for insightful , educated , disciplined employees . 
  people raised in hell typically lack these qualities . 
   you just ca n't help some people, 
  there are lots of people we can help , who want help , who would make good use of the help but are n't getting it . 
  you 're telling me because you heard a story about people selling food for drugs , we should all have to bear the burden of their misery ? 
   but if you give people jobs, 
  what jobs ? 
  unemployment is very low in nz . 
  employers could do with a few more unemployed people so they have a larger pool of people to choose from . 
  on top of that we burn up resources in recruitment because people are compelled to look for work they 're not suitable for , so high is the pressure to work . 
  you post lacks insight . 
  you 're saying the same shit people have been saying forever , shit that has never helped . 
  well , it helps people enjoy smug satisfaction at how they 're better than others . 
  bravo to those heroes . 
   pre-emptive assumes someone is going to be a criminal , taking away freedom and making a nanny state . 
  fuck that , give people a chance to be decent . 
  we do n't have to force help on everyone , just make it accessible for people who need it . 
  there 's a difference between a nanny state and a compassionate state . 
  right now we 're a cunt state . 
  you think there 's freedom in a state that 's locked down to protect its citizens from themselves ? 
  i think what you say is true on the context of :, 
   when you 're picked up by the police or are a person of interest, 
  however the nz police are governed by the [ peelian principles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peelian_principles ) . 
  as result our officers are much more approachable and supportive than that of other countries . 
  where i work has regular interactions with police , the non-nz colleagues comment on how relaxed our police are . 
  genesis 2:17 - `` but you must not eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , for when you eat from it you will certainly die . '', 
  this 2013 [ blog post ] ( http://www.kiwiblog.co.nz/2013/10/obsolete_coins_and_notes.html ) suggests that old currency is suprisingly common . 
   here is the number of coins and note returned from 2011 on :, 
  $ 1 notes -- 25,285, 
  $ 2 notes -- 41,330, 
  you might be able to get some idea on [ trademe ] ( http://www.trademe.co.nz/antiques-collectables/banknotes/new-zealand ) . 
  how new are these new guys ? 
  i 'd definitely want to see an old hand in action before taking on the job for myself . 
  if the only people having children were those meeting even a modest measure of financial security we would see populations plummet across the world . 
  and do n't talk about over population . 
  we 're not over populated , we 're over consuming . 
  ask japan about the problems of a declining population . 
  if we accept genetic science , we should encourage people to have children at a young age , as apparently this results in the most robust genetic inheritance . 
  as reproducers age , the quality of the genes they pass on declines . 
  maybe read with an ... anthropological point of view ? 
  consider ancient humans trying to communicate difficult to grasp but essential to communicate knowledge they did not want to be lost , with the degree of sophistication that existed in those times . 
  the take away here is thousands of years ago people were grappling with and writing about in their own way the very phenomena that op describes . 
  i guess it 's both . 
  maybe it 's just because that was `` my time '' in the sense that i strongly connected with the music that was popular at the time , and it did n't hurt that grunge made it possible to be both poor and fashionable . 
  but yeah , it seemed like a golden age of music with nirvana at the centre . 
  there was this whole scene making epic music , a new genre exploding . 
  i think i was lucky that the scene developed late in nz as / u/logantauranga points out . 
  i was just the right age to get amongst the teenage angst . 
  and [ max tv ] ( http://www.audioculture.co.nz/scenes/max-tv ) was a thing . 
  oh yeah , i just remembered i really miss max tv . 
  i was however too young to really appreciate the scene with any sophistication . 
  i expect when i 'm 80 i 'll either be in better health than i am today , or dead from events related to climate destruction . 
  in any case , it 's incomprehensible that life will be anything like it is today given the huge changes that are upon us . 
  i thought it looked great until i saw them holding it with their bare hands . 
  i wonder if the death of empathy is the death of man . 
  that bears out in what we observe . 
  indulging in good and evil , framing life as with god or against god is the sin itself . 
  believing that there can be distance between god and man being the only way to create that distance . 
  after all , what could your child ever do to make you turn away from them ? 
  and god is far greater than that . 
  i appreciate the alternative perspective . 
  is this the rationale the dhbs are actually offering ? 
  is it something that they can demonstrate ? 
   how so ? 
  you 're not familiar with the incredible debt families are accumulating in temporary housing ? 
  also anyone finding themselves unable to earn will always have more needs than is being met by winz , particularly if you 're trying to improve your suitability for work . 
  maintaining a high level of functioning while being hyper-frugal is n't easy , sometimes impossible . 
  winz does help , but only by providing debt . 
  certainly better than loan sharks , but far from the best we could be doing . 
   if you find dealing with winz affects you ,, 
  i do n't believe it 's the contact with winz , but the absence of any sound solutions to problems incurred by being out of work , in a society that places enormous pressure on people to be employed . 
  winz being one of those pressures if you need to depend on the service . 
  that looks like the express route . 
  yes , that seems likely .
