  you might be familiar with john kirwan 's work promoting an understanding of depression for example . 
  if these systems are robust enough the need for diagnosis can be avoided altogether , with the community being able to recognise and provide assistance with the kinds of problems that lead to serious mental illness . 
  psychosis does n't occur spontaneously or randomly . 
  neither does drug use . 
  as much as i dislike the supermoon hype ( the moon did n't suddenly lurch closer to us !, 
  ) , i 'm glad it 's resulted in this picture . 
  it 's really gorgeous . 
  where there are good employment laws , protecting employees equates to protecting the company . 
  i live in the same neighbourhood as lucy lawless if that means anything ? 
  i occasionally bump into her at the local cafe . 
  anyone know the connection between [ kitchener st/waterloo quadrant ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/waterloo+quadrant,+auckland,+1010 ) in auckland and [ kitchener/waterloo ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/waterloo,+on,+canada ) in ontario ? 
  i 've asked the [ same question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/5de2fs/cultural_exchange_with_the_rnewzealand/da418p8/ ) in the canada thread . 
  anyone know the connection between [ kitchener st/waterloo quadrant ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/waterloo+quadrant,+auckland,+1010 ) in auckland and [ kitchener/waterloo ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/waterloo,+on,+canada ) in ontario ? 
  i 've asked the [ same question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5dems8/kia_ora_rcanada_cultural_exchange_with_our/da4170z/ ) in the nz thread . 
  i once visited the royal ontario museum . 
  it was amazing . 
  people switching over to a new reddit alternative . 
  nothing draws a crowd like a crowd . 
  that 's a fair and important question . 
  psychotherapists , being psychotherapists , consider this question and similar ones habitually . 
  being aware of one 's own role as therapist is an important part of the therapeutic relationship , including what they are getting out of the relationship . 
  clients often have long experience in being used for the gratification of others , it 's an important dynamic to be aware of in the relationship between therapist and client . 
  psychotherapists certainly will have selfish reasons for wanting more funding for their work . 
  the work has mixed rewards , financial rewards rarely being one of them . 
  however i think upon inspection you would find the needs of psychotherapists in their work aligned with the health of the communities they work in . 
  psychotherapy does n't lend well to easily digested quantifiable data , it 's true . 
  it tends more towards complex explanations for complex circumstances we live in , psychotherapy essentially being the practice of dealing with the problems of life . 
  there is little financial incentive in psychotherapy . 
  if there is an ambitious psychotherapist it is towards academic recognition , which again provides little financial reward . 
  robust science demonstrates the effectiveness of psychotherapy and related mental health practices , and as a result it 's publicly funded over the western world . 
  the insights of cbt inform many therapist 's practice , but there is no one size fits all approach . 
  a focus on a sole treatment which helps the majority marginalises the minority . 
  this only perpetuates the problem psychotherapy would resolve . 
  if the mental health community needs money , it 's because there is need in the community . 
  while they exist , there are not nearly enough financially independent persons willing to give their time to the cause of community health . 
  we also need a good volume of fully employed mental health experts . 
  the government has no bargaining power over those who are disconnected from their communities . 
  and the rise in community disruption is plain to see . 
  oversight is an important part of any public health care system . 
  financial strains only weaken this oversight . 
  what kind of ` net connect do you have in there ? 
  the thing is , the last i heard destiny does offer genuine community outreach . 
  i 'd never want to mess with them , apparently it 's a good place for gang members to reform , given it 's loaded with reformed ex-gang members . 
  clearly i 'm not alone in having some distaste for the ostentatious appearance of its leaders and the nature of the church 's values both in regards to money and morals . 
  but i think churches like destiny exist in large part because the wider community gives them the opportunity to thrive . 
  there are a lot of desperate people in our communities and churches are the very definition of somewhere to turn when you do n't have anywhere to turn . 
  destiny has a great thing going in that they are genuinely able to help turn people 's lives around , and then take a cut of the resulting benefits . 
  i mean , if you 're a lost soul in nz , maybe not looking for god , just some love and friendship , maybe a bit of meaning . 
  but you 're shit at all that . 
  where do you turn with at least some sense that you might be set in the right direction ? 
  there 's definitely stuff about , but nothing that competes with destiny . 
  just buy the wine . 
  you know what the market likes . 
  what you need is a contact in china with access to the market . 
  invisible barriers must suck . 
  that 's some good offbeat . 
  freakin ' anxious goats getting calmed down . 
  what a story . 
  i 'll be glad if we 're still here in 50 years . 
  i do n't understand why abuse victims are expected to directly testify . 
  experts need to assess any claims and present them to the court . 
  i do n't really get how there are still people alive in aleppo ... 
  i love james franco as james franco . 
   psychology is still in the dark ages . 
  it 's not . 
  there 's over a hundred years of quality , disciplined research into human functioning and mental health . 
  but there is a huge gulf between mental health practice and the public 's understanding of it . 
  freud has n't been debunked , his work and the work of many others has been improved , refined and built upon . 
  people still think there is a debate between nature and nurture . 
  there is n't , it 's clear that both have a role to play in a complex dynamic . 
  you probably do n't link starship hospital with mental health , but the emergence of specialist children 's hospitals was the result of research that demonstrated children need love . 
  the standard of care for children prior to this research being accepted would be considered a nightmare given today 's understanding . 
  and it was a hard fight , it might seem obvious now , but in the 50s there was much debate . 
  the debate is over due to quality research . 
  the funding issue is n't simply with mental health practice , but with the kind of supportive services that would mitigate the need for mental health services in the first place . 
  funding is why we need diagnosis . 
  many mental health professionals would be happy to deal with `` problems of life '' rather than diagnosed illnesses . 
  but diagnosis is what gets funding . 
  the issue of the quality of mental health practice is a political one , not scientific . 
  what about the zcash , eh ? 
  what are car insurance premiums like ? 
  get on the piss bro !, 
  nz is suffering from some political brain drain . 
  they also own hats and an electric fan . 
  one uses a spoon , the other appears to drink from the bowl . 
  they consume external sources of media in a communal setting . 
  perhaps the robot 's human hate is due to the quirks in their design ? 
  maybe it 's because i do n't drive a lot , but i do n't find people that bad in traffic . 
  especially given how we 're such idiots sometimes . 
  it 's boring and frustrating being stuck in it , but relative sanity prevails . 
  dumb shit happens , but at a lower degree than the volume of dumb shit that usually goes down . 
  `` whangarei known as a cultural backwater . '', 
  they did their research . 
  the whole episode is fantastic , one of the best . 
  so many layers of awesome . 
  last lynch film i watched ... 
  it 's not so much the number of people , as it is the nature of our consumption . 
  regrow the desire path . 
  stop getting sick canterbury , it 's not on . 
  one day we should try for one of them knowledge economies .
