  i do n't apologise for being angry about a very serious problem . 
  rape victims put up with being ignored in their trauma . 
  i 'm sure you can cope with some angry internet comments . 
  they 're not going away . 
  that 's nice for you . 
  a great way of ignoring how the society you benefit from is the same society that turns a blind eye to the volume of sexual trauma in our community . 
  bravo hero . 
  we have no moral authority to hold anyone responsible when we ourselves are not responsible . 
  you tell me what twisted logic has allowed service after service fail in recent years ? 
  services that would help victims get help , break the cycle of violence , hold perpetrators accountable . 
  kids can literally get fucked in nz . 
  `` oh but the cat-licks ! '', 
  / facepalm, 
  nz society is indifferent . 
  unless we 've suddenly gone broke and that 's why we 've let services designed to provide relief from trauma and break the cycle of violence close in recent years ? 
   just being a scientist does n't make someone a shining light in the darkness . 
  they are * in their specific field of expertise . 
  sadly if we do n't like what they illuminate , we tend to look away , draw more palatable conclusions . 
  what happened to it ? 
  it 's gone ? 
  the worst thing about nz is there 's not more of it . 
  yes , many services like that are now closed , or operation on a triage basis . 
  because they 're dependant on small donations . 
  this harsh reality silences victims . 
  not posts on the internet . 
  i 'm saying speak up more . 
  not just when it 's x group . 
  sex trauma is abundant . 
  speaking up only about the catholics makes the problem appear isolated when it 's absolutely not . 
  most sex abuse in nz in not perpetrated by any church . 
  it is a problem when police are the solution . 
  well , let 's just sit back and let ourselves be subjected to random violence so people get the help they need . 
  and what kind of help is there for those keeping out of prison ? 
  yes , `` evidence based '' policy is an ideological smoke screen . 
  yes , but only forward in time ( hence the + symbol in 4d + . ), 
  incredibly it can move across all axes in 3-space . 
  but is only effective across two , which still is no small achievement . 
  this is what the government had to say about such deaths in 2007 :, 
  [ responding to the deaths of children known to child protection agencies ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/spj30/30-responding-deaths-of-children-protection-agencies-pages1-11.html ), 
  god is the ten . 
  the best you can do is nine . 
  it 's not like national have ever threatened organisations ' funding or statutory authority for speaking up about problems . 
  evidence based policy ... what a joke . 
  how droll . 
  the problem gambling foundation and fish & game nz come to mind . 
  china have some sweet nuclear designs from what i 've seen . 
  all eyes on them for implemented advanced fission tech . 
  how long until fast food is fully autonomous ? 
  surely not more than 10 years . 
  young fast food working redditors ? 
  be forewarned . 
  finding good accommodation is a full time job . 
  your best chance is to watch new listings obsessively , try your best to be the first one viewing . 
  have a good checklist so you can make up your mind quickly . 
  neither price nor region is a good indicator of the quality of the residence . 
  good luck . 
  given national dropped the [ social policy journal of new zealand te puna whakaaro ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/index.html ) in 2011 ( after 18 years of publication ) , i think national will be in a bit of a spot if it has to explain the condition of child welfare in nz . 
  so , yeah nah to [ an inquiry ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/political/325741/state-care-child-abuse-inquiry-'a-question-of-justice' ) . 
  i wonder what the experts have to say ? 
  oh that 's right , national do n't need no experts to tell them what 's going on . 
  that has to be only marginally effective , what with ocr tech being what it is these days . 
  i wonder what the data capacity is in one of these boxes , i 'm thinking a4 sized boxes ? 
  it does n't actually seem like that many emails , although i 'm not clear on the time frame from the articles . 
  it 's not like anyone else is spending money reaching out to vulnerable nzers . 
  scientology and destiny is there to pick up the slack . 
  much more normal than i 'd like . 
  which is to say , not typically , but clearly not unheard of . 
  we started take a hard look , in [ 2007 ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/spj30/30-responding-deaths-of-children-protection-agencies-pages1-11.html ) . 
  what happened to that ? 
  so you found some idiots on the internet who poorly represent something you do n't like , therefore justifying your position of ignorance . 
  bravo , hero . 
   the classes , however , generally contained upwards of 35 pupils , whereas the authorities had stated that the limit for one teacher should be 24 pupils . 
  some things never change . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  i think we could do with higher debt and higher ownership . 
  low debt is great and all , but we 're missing out on returns by ignoring debt we can afford . 
  excellent . 
  great , so nz has an incompetent auditor general . 
   `` i think he was a fine chief executive - i think in hindsight you look back and what you 've got is an incredibly dishonest individual . '', 
  sounds like he was a failure . 
  he let ongoing fraud take place while honest staff lost their positions . 
  sounds like the typically power down approach where no one in a lesser position can complain about a superior . 
  this is n't special to trump . 
  climate science shows we are facing dramatic , devastating consequences . 
  even by conservative estimates we 're fucked . 
  and the response of virtually any western government is tepid at best . 
  science about human development is routinely ignored unless there is profit to be made . 
  for instance unless you 've studied marketing you probably think frued is bunk . 
  yeah , and the climate change !, 
  that 's the work of the lizard people too , amirite ?!, 
  we 're so fucked . 
  can i find cold comfort in the fact that you 're just as fucked as i am ? 
  probably not . 
  you know marketing is indeed based on real and effective science ? 
  specifically the science of encouraging people to make irrational decisions in favour of those paying for advertising ? 
  i wonder if you care . 
  marketing students have been influencing our thinking and behaviour , perhaps far more than any other group , for nearly a hundred years . 
  hahah , cute projection . 
  check my top comment if you want an idea of my university background . 
  i hate marketing .
