  national are n't following an evidence based approach , that 's just what they call their approach . 
  national rolled back [ research based social policy ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/index.html ) , policy instituted by a [ national government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/43rd_new_zealand_parliament ) . 
  national does what it wants , not what the evidence suggests :, 
  [ fears for sex abuse victims under new guidelines ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/16018/fears-for-sex-abuse-victims-under-new-acc-guidelines ) ( 2009 ), 
  [ acc sex-abuse claims down by 36 % ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/110951/acc-sex-abuse-claims-down-by-36-percent ) ( 2012 ), 
  [ acc overhauls sexual abuse care service ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/267591/acc-overhauls-sexual-abuse-care-service ) ( 2015 ), 
  there is a desperate need to improvement across the board in regards to social policy . 
  we 're pouring human capital down the drain for the sake of ideology and the power hungry . 
  eat on it !, 
  it was landfill , so i imagine they only needed permission to access the land . 
  artists have various ways to fund their projects . 
  it would be interesting to know the details . 
   a straight answer on the subject . 
  this is where john key excelled . 
  he would happily give a straight answer , knowing full well he could do the opposite and no one would blink . 
  you prefer key 's `` we wo n't raise gst '' approach to telling voters about ideas ? 
  i 'm hoping what labour will do is listen to expertise once in a position to leverage those resources . 
  national 's approach works without these resources because they do what they want , not what some smarty-pants expert has to say . 
  with obvious results . 
   people are too damn greedy and selfish to think, 
  i think many are simply too overwhelmed by their circumstances to think deeply about issues . 
  which i believe is the true motivation of austerity politics : leave the populace struggling leaving them vulnerable to cynical manipulation . 
   every other kiwi, 
  that 's not true . 
  there are many nzers who sneer at the idea of experts . 
  the national party for instance . 
  and that 's not rhetoric . 
  john key literally questioned the value of academic opinion . 
  according to john key , academics are like lawyers , you just shop around until you find one that agrees with you . 
  it was chilling to hear nz 's current ineffective-at-everything-except-staying-in-power government campaigning on `` stability '' , whatever the fuck that is . 
  the uk is fucked , but it 's not an isolated incident . 
  / r/dataisterrifying, 
  i watched the first few episodes , it was soundly mediocre . 
  there was nothing cool about it . 
  to be fair , i was watching the expanse at the same time , so dark matter had an uphill battle . 
  alt headline : `` study findings unflattering to national government . '', 
  not when there 's money to be made !, 
  unless you have a preference for `` alternative '' data of course . 
  in such case longitudinal schmontudinal , we do n't need no smarty pants to tell us what we know , which is that everything is okay . 
  there was that minister of police who did n't realise his job was n't interceding with the police on behalf of party donors . 
  was it williamson ? 
  tomorrow 's headline : national cuts funding to suicide panel , saves money for working nzers , yay !, 
  i hope they win , then immediately raise top tier tax rates . 
  when national supporters inevitably complain , labour plays this clip :, 
  the peak of the gfc occurred in september ' 08 , which was before the election national won . 
  it was two years later that national raised gst . 
  i do n't recall the gfc being offered as justification for this increase , i could be wrong . 
  thanks to nothing national did and plenty the previous government did , nz was n't hit that bad by the gfc . 
  nz is right now facing more problems than were caused by the gfc , without any unprecedented crisis . 
  rather we 're facing a much more precedented crisis that nz has faced before : three terms of national governance . 
  good information . 
  it does n't sound like a dramatic unprecedented crisis that compelled national to go back on their word . 
  rather it was the option they chose to reward their support base . 
   of note , the gst increase was done in combination with an income tax decrease, 
  i found this particularly cynical of national . 
  they took money from everyone , including those who were struggling , and gave it back to earners . 
  it sounds nice `` give money to working nzers ! '', 
  but the reality is it was just one more kick for those who were already down . 
  the raise in gst took money from everyone single person who spends money . 
  this occurred at the same time as national in one way or another made social services less accessible . 
  this includes people beyond those who are employed or seeking work . 
  unemployment may have dropped , but did employment rise proportionally ? 
  or did some people just give up looking for work ( and thus were no longer counted as unemployed . ), 
  and if there is a net positive , how many of the newly employed are people who traditionally do n't seek work , such as pensioners . 
  given how things are turning to shit , i suspect both people gave up work and jobs have been taken up by people who would not normally work . 
  incomes may have risen , but so have costs , especially housing . 
  there 's a question as to where this balance lies as well . 
  exactly what national tells us is suspect . 
  all data from national is , given their demonstrated disdain for knowledge that they have n't approved . 
  as john key said , academics are like lawyers , he feels you just need to shop around until you find one who agrees . 
  the raise in gst took money from every single person who spends money . 
  this includes people beyond those who are employed or seeking work . 
  this occurred at the same time as national in one way or another made social services less accessible . 
  national stuck the boot in well and truly for anyone struggling . 
  unemployment may have dropped , but did employment rise proportionally ? 
  or did some people just give up looking for work ( and thus were no longer counted as unemployed . ), 
  and if there is a net positive , how many of the newly employed are people who traditionally do n't seek work , such as pensioners . 
  given how things are turning to shit , i suspect both people gave up work and jobs have been taken up by people who would not normally work . 
  how much work went to immigrants because locals were never given the, 
  incomes may have risen , but so have costs , especially housing . 
  there 's a question as to where this balance lies as well . 
  exactly what national tells us is suspect . 
  all data from national is , given their demonstrated disdain for knowledge that they have n't approved . 
  as john key said , academics are like lawyers , he feels you just need to shop around until you find one who agrees with you . 
   it does affect the unemployed as well , and it would be a shame if work and income did n't adjust their benefits to match , but they did ( and they do every year ) ; gst increased by 2.5 % , and benefits increased by almost 4 % in the next fiscal year . 
  inflation was 2 % at the time , it 's still a net cut of 0.5 % . 
  but we 're still missing the employed who did n't get pay rises , people living off savings and non-work related income . 
  my point still stands . 
  national raised taxes on * everyone * , not just those who could afford the bear the increase . 
   employment stats specifically look for working age . 
  i should probably understand this better myself , but you 're saying that people over 65 who work are n't included in employment stats ? 
   sure , it 's hard to see how this relates to the issue of gst and income tax though . 
   the only gst people pay with regards to living is a letting fee for residential renting , which is going to be far less from the income tax break . 
  if a person is spending more elsewhere due to increased taxes , they have less money to spend on their increasing housing costs . 
  i love this comment thread . 
  so the answer to the question is null ? 
  i 'm finding stats around employment/unemployment disingenuous . 
  they might be suitable for technical contexts , but they seem abstracted from lived experience . 
  telling people these figures does n't seem to tell us about reality as we typically experience it . 
  maybe i 'm a rare stupid person amongst a society of the economically savvy .
