  maori concepts of ownership are quite different in many cases than the ideas that dominate much of the world 's legal constructs . 
  there is no `` simply '' . 
  we work at it though . 
  much land and resources have been returned and much more is still under consideration . 
  i hope i have human decency left . 
  the shock i feel about the death and destruction i see around the world , particularly in places like palestine where the strong perpetrate upon the vulnerable , this suggests to me i do have a bit left . 
  how about you ? 
  i was refuting your idea that land be simply returned . 
  you appear to be ignoring the effort to return land and resources regardless of these difficulties . 
  shall i turn this around on you ? 
  will israel return the organs stolen from fallen palestinians for israeli patients ? 
  tell me more about human decency . 
  it 's like her feet having caught up with what 's happening with her head and just keep walking as she topples . 
  yeah , deep and dirty , how i like it . 
  turns out life is more complex than a disney cartoon . 
  red rocks !, 
  yeah , cause people who 've never been shown how to care for themselves are always otherwise so brimming with insight . 
  that 's the face of a man with a 3yo ... 
  developmental reasons feature much more significantly than biological ones when it comes to a father 's ability to empathise and connect with their child . 
  a father will usually play a secondary attachment role , and sometimes a primary one . 
  the depth and nature of that attachment depends on a myriad of things , however a man 's capacity to play a full primary attachment role is not much different than a women 's . 
  he 's going to be more impacted by social factors , like public responses to being a single man out with children ( if that were the case ) than any biological factors . 
  no one should bash anyone 's efforts to care for their children . 
  hospo work in auckland seems well shit at the moment . 
  a couple of my flatmates work hospo , one keeps getting ripped off by employers , the other ca n't get regular hours . 
  i think your friend is likely to find more of the same . 
  just have to keep trying until they hit a decent employer . 
  well , today is auckland 's 175th anniversary , recognising nz 's [ historical provinces ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provinces_of_new_zealand ) . 
  scientists doing their best to grab headlines with their research . 
  got ta get that funding . 
  is there any reason a layperson needs this explained to them in a way they understand ? 
  do you think there are those who work with recombinant proteins that would not understand what was being explained without saying `` we can unboil a boiled egg '' ? 
  something that can not be done as understood by a layperson . 
  if not this , as you suggest , op shops and hospices are your best bet . 
  there are plenty around , if you 've got transport you could make a day of it cruising various suburbs . 
  events are knowable with the right epistemology , the arrow of time is as real as anything , as is entropy : the universe moving from a simple * ordered * state to a sophisticated chaotic state . 
  still , i like the sentiment . 
  i 'd prefer it tbh . 
  they 'd be all better off with uncle iroh . 
  the right epistemology is the one that allows you to know an event , whatever that epistemology might be for you . 
  me too !, 
  second thought was `` hrrm , maybe i should watch this '' . 
  i nearly raged when the gif ended without that happening . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i appreciate it 's very important to your continued employment that as many people as possible are exposed to your research . 
  i think there is more at stake than your employment and we would be much better served by accurate , clear information that is pertinent to day-to-day decision making humans must engage in . 
  you degrade the scientific landscape with click-baiting , with headlines that , upon closer inspection , turn out to be false and disappointing . 
  do you think you improved or worsened that reporter 's view of science with your claim ? 
  i do n't begrudge you looking out for yourself , i 'm offering my view of the circumstances . 
  i do n't think you go far enough . 
  popular science goes beyond good , it 's essential . 
  i do n't believe science is popularised by claims that turn out to be far beyond what can be demonstrated . 
  this is what the scientist said in their [ ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2tu16v/science_ama_series_im_gregory_weiss_uc_irvine/co2l7km ) :, 
   i think it 's very important to communicate to the public ( who i view as my employers , as the taxpayers pay the bills to keep my lab running ), 
  if i want to get paid , i need people reading my research . 
  the lowest number . 
  are you kidding ? 
  did you see the lawnmower death ? 
  that was amazing . 
  that reminds me , i got ta get a hold of this . 
  outrageous is exactly right . 
  i 'm worried outrage will be outstripped by terror as the impact of climate change begins to hit . 
   if this is what passes for intellectual , it 's not the scythes , it 's the bar clothes-lining everyone because it 's set so low . 
  it is in nz , because what eleanor says is true . 
  if she was wrong , you 'd easily be able to point to other intellectuals active in nz 's public sphere . 
  it 's like we 're becoming this shallow , money grubbing cultural backwater . 
  someone should speak out about that . 
  nigel latter i 'll give you . 
  remind me of something bob jones and gareth morgan have some lately that 's hit the public sphere ? 
  what else ya got ? 
  hit & miss in my opinion . 
  he talks about stuff people really need to get more familiar with to improve their lives , but he has his tangents and his knee-jerks . 
   it 's like africa ca n't catch a break . 
  wait till you see which region is going to impacted the soonest by climate change . 
  in this context i 'd say an intellectual is someone who , through their own efforts , produces intellectual work of a high quality above that of the typical quality of similar works . 
  i just do n't know much of value those others have produced recently of such a high degree , nor how they 're currently using their capacity to engage in nz public life . 
   interesting . 
  so what intellectual problems does elanor catton 's fictional novel about a gold rush and zodiac signs tackle ? 
  if think if you had read it , you might be impressed by the vision of historical nz catton is able to conjure up . 
  i particularly loved her insight into the experience of maori , and maori < -  pakeha relations in the era , rich and revealing of a capacity for deep insight and empathy . 
  what strikes me most about catton is her successes are current , her time is now . 
  latta is also somewhat in this space , but is far from the shining light catton currently is . 
  those other guys ? 
  they 're not like peter blake was from my perspective . 
  when blake passed , he was getting amongst it . 
  these other guys ... it just looks like they 're only looking out for their own interests . 
  really fantastic . 
  i think it 's due to power being concentrated more and more into the hands of the few . 
  people need to feel control over their lives and that 's slipping away . 
  so people latch onto any battle they can so they can feel they 're like they 're doing something to claim their power back . 
  at least i think this is part of what 's going on . 
  i 've had those tickets . 
  i ignore them to no consequence . 
  humans are very interesting . 
  in clinical observations of child parent relationships show two things . 
  1 ) children explore their parent 's genitals ( usually at toddler age ) . 
  2 ) parents do n't recall this occurring . 
  source : studied human development for a few years . 
  i 'm sure you understand why i do n't want to search google for the source material . 
  we 're not all the same .
