  you missed a spot . 
  got ta get me some tannerite !, 
  edit : wait , i got ta get a gun first it seems . 
  do n't need one of them right now . 
  `` what do you think ? '', 
  nothing wrong at all !, 
  but things that need treating with great care , and i 'm too lazy to care right now . 
  so no guns !, 
  i play soviets , one key thing is to really always attack with at least two conscripts . 
  you should be able to break any solo german mg if you have molotovs . 
  i build :, 
  conscript  conscript  molotov  mortar  at  conscript/shock troops ... 
  i try steal a german mg , never build or use soviet maxim . 
  that said , i do n't play steppes because that 's too much of an mg playground . 
  i like how you see not just the differences in food , but the differences in what 's considered family . 
  was a high-res version of the game released or something ? 
  to muzzas !, 
  this is exactly why you would have an aquarium of hermit crabs . 
  glitch in the matrix . 
  hey poppy ... go !, 
  i mix them up with conscripts , get them in close while conscripts draw fire . 
  do n't let them die , reinforce them with conscripts keeps them cheap . 
  shocks + stolen panzerschreck are awesome . 
  some atheists are terrible scientists too . 
  an atheist who thinks science disproves god has the same scientific rigor as a theist who claims science proves god . 
  cite . 
  we know what 's important to us . 
  you can rant on about the bible and the religion of some people if you want , that does not invalidate my statement . 
  for science to disprove god , it would need to define god . 
  since you ca n't define god in any meaningful way , science has nothing to say about it . 
  i did n't know that . 
  so is there any point joining conscripts with shocks ? 
  looks like kitty 's up for the job , too !, 
  it 's not that you ca n't disprove god , it 's you can not scientifically investigate god . 
  you can investigate people 's belief in god , what god is to people , but not god . 
  because there are two clearly observable phenomena : people profess a belief in god and what people define as god varies considerably . 
  i 'm not sure what epistemology you refer to where the bible is a thing to be proven or disproven , i do n't think it 's universally shared . 
  what if somehow we managed to communicate with one of these stone aged men or women and we asked `` what or who is god to you ? '', 
  and they answered `` that which is unknown , that which is still to come , that which all resides in '' how would science disprove this god ? 
  good info . 
  more fragile is true , but if you have your backup conscripts nearby , you just refill 'em then retreat the conscripts . 
  i 've only done it a couple of times , but i 've had decent rotating squads on conscripts topping up squads when out of gas . 
  you do n't know any of that . 
  you are taking the actions of some and generalising that to be the actions of all . 
  not the kind of thing you would be able to publish in a scientific journal . 
  if i use fhq i generally have it somewhere not obvious , behind lines . 
  good for a short fall back for quickly healing and reinforcing troops . 
  but not really defensive as the building is easily destroyed . 
  my washing 's wet !, 
  maybe i should move to germany . 
  i 'm a nice guy who obsesses about systems and rages when functional systems are disregarded . 
  so the title is accurate then . 
  haha , perhaps , but i would argue it is more correct . 
  in the sense that that molotovs are flamey and kind of explodey , so was that balloon . 
  i 'm grateful when this is the case for me . 
  i do n't like adhoc skyscraper building . 
  it 'd be good to see mega-projects where a large number of skyscrapers are built at once , so to be able to optimise various living features , such as the maximum amount of quality scenery . 
  so what you 're saying is butane in a balloon for all its flash and bluster is * definitely * no way to make a molotov . 
  i think what you say is fair , but not all in cases , particularly sexuality . 
  i prefer to leave my sexuality undefined , leaving it open for exploration with someone who might be a sexual partner . 
  in all other cases a definition is irrelevant . 
  i do n't really think the word `` only '' is appropriate here . 
  16 companies have larger revenue that the catholic church ? 
  holy smoke !, 
  i suspect there already is . 
  we 've kind of gotten obsessed with defining things and it 's provided a lot of benefit . 
  but at some point we get bound by our definitions and things that were previously free get tied down . 
  gee , if only i could see what exactly he 's ** in ** for ... hey waitaminute !, 
  only funny stories though . 
  perhaps drooyoo has a preference for serious fart literature ? 
  you 'd probably be right most of the time . 
  but that 's the issue with these definitions . 
  what about the times that you 're wrong ? 
  a woman is an example of someone who is not male . 
  we are talking about different things . 
  i am talking about sexuality : an experience that originates in the genitals and the sense we make of these genital experiences . 
  definitions like `` straight '' do n't work for me because that seems to suggest to some that a straight person does not have a genital response to the same sex . 
  which may be true or it may be the person suppresses that response or experiences it much less than toward the opposite sex , or understands that response in a way that does not lead to sexual acting . 
  likely a combination of all these things and more , and is unique to each individual . 
  which is where my problem with these definitions comes in , because it results in people trying to find a normal where there is none , turning something mysterious and wonderful into something mundane and dissatisfying . 
  because there is nothing universal about sex , any baseline would be arbitrary and would tell us about the dominant forces setting this baseline and little to nothing about sexuality . 
  i enjoy summer time rain , i really missed it last year . 
  i 've lost you , you do n't think what is what ? 
  it was n't a farmer that down voted me , that 's for sure . 
  that guy and his missus have been there about for years and years . 
  prefer them to the krishna street merchants who call themselves monks . 
  that 's carbon sequestration right there . 
  good work greens !, 
  i think the most shocking thing from this story is that people get killed and injured in centers designed to get them off wow . 
  i suspect the real problem is often not that people are hooked to wow , rather they have no compelling reason to engage in other aspects of life . 
  this is my favourite so far . 
  getting to the edge of the solar system and looking back to see saturn silhouetted against the sun was amazing . 
  my recipe , which is simple but i think makes decent light pancakes with plenty of bubbles great for absorbing butter and maple . 
  this is the smallest batch , makes enough for two . 
  you could easily have your dry ingredients pre-mixed if you wanted . 
  volumes metric . 
  * 3/4 c milk, 
  * 1 t baking powder, 
  * pinch or two of salt, 
  * 1 egg,
