  i rephrase your question to something like `` why do i find myself attracted to people who value themselves more than i value myself ? 
  '' , the answer seeming more obvious when phrased this way . 
  i hope you do n't mind the male response . 
  that 's capitalism for you . 
  would n't want you getting satisfied and lazy . 
  might make it harder to push to you work yourself to the bone . 
  the pay is shawerma and sushi . 
  people were sick of it . 
  sometimes it feels like half my work load is dealing with these kinds of decisions : do i go with what the customer asked for , or do i do something intelligent ? 
  usually the former , because no one really cares from what i can tell . 
  what 's that saying ? 
  in eupore 100 miles is a long distance , in america 100 years is a long time ? 
  standard practice for an isp . 
  i never got what was so mere about being composed of energy condensed to a slow vibration . 
  how is it road legal ? 
  is it exempt due to age or something ? 
  the body damage . 
  all those holes look dangerous . 
  age exemption makes sense . 
  i bet it needs those four oil changes a year . 
  more likely oil replacement . 
  you fight someone to defend your girlfriend 's virtue , what can you do when she 's already given it up ? 
  sometimes boredom can be a mask for another emotion that is difficult to experience . 
  that may not be you of course . 
  * m'pie . 
  * sigh * i lament the quality of watermelon in auckland . 
  sure , sometimes you can get something good , as often as not you get crap . 
  i just do n't buy it . 
  when i was a kid living up north i worked for a fruit & veg store , we used to sell whole watermelon floating in water with huge chunks of ice in this kiddy-pool sized plastic container . 
  i ate a lot of watermelon . 
  if you 're the personable type , i 'm told the locals are very welcoming and would likely include you in whatever they have planned for the day if you wander about saying hello to folks . 
  wicked , installed . 
  the idea that people are lazy is archaic . 
  we call people lazy either because we do n't understand that others do n't share the same motivations as we do , or because we do n't appreciate the struggle of lacking the insight to change one 's own circumstances . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's not a struggle , it 's not anything but a judgement . 
  [ three hams will fill him ] ( http://www.adultswim.com/videos/the-brak-show/three-hams-will-fill-him/ ) . 
  i do n't think it 's very likely you 'll find that kind of work close to auckland . 
  [ trademe ] ( http://www.trademe.co.nz/jobs ) or [ gumtree ] ( http://auckland.gumtree.co.nz/ ) are the best sources of jobs i know that you 'll find in auckland . 
  you could go up north . 
  i mean , i do n't know the ins-and-outs of seasonal work , but i know they gots all sorts of fruit orchards and it 's beautiful up there . 
  just maybe not whangarei . 
  not sure what a tourist would find there ... 
  i know right ? 
  people do n't understand that i 'm an angry cunt and my kids have grown up raised by an angry cunt . 
  what insight could they have into how i raise my kids ? 
  he should have listened to his instincts when his step falters as he 's walking towards the kanon . 
  we are all `` just '' occupying different forms ? 
  the rest of the world is n't so keen on it either . 
  it was supposed to be a regional trade agreement that was looking for good for those involved - nz , chile , singapore and brunei . 
  then the us got into the picture , nz had a change of government with very pro-us leadership , and it all turned to shit . 
  kiwis and yankees have a good relationship , but kiwis do n't want to be yanks . 
  we do n't what to have our laws and lives determined by corporate interests . 
  i 'm counting on no one actually being able to agree on the bullshit until it ultimately collapses . 
  i think you can have distinct countries like you can have distinct family members in the same family . 
  not that i 've completely bought into the whole nation-state business . 
  it does n't seem like everyone is up for that kind of structure . 
   i do n't understand how `` trickle down economics '' become something people believed . 
  too much respect for authority , i suspect largely thanks to the militarised environment boomers grew up in . 
  do you have a better source ? 
  to quote our prime minister :, 
   he 's one academic , and like lawyers , i can provide you with another one that will give you a counterview . 
  i get the feeling given the time jk has had in power that our government scientists are the ones that provide the view supported by the current government . 
  wicked shot !, 
  is this one of those books like 1984 that leave one struggling to sleep for weeks after reading ? 
  well , i do n't implicitly trust any single source of information or knowledge . 
  that 's bad science . 
  and when it comes to research where there is strong potential for a conflict of interest , it 's good science to be particularly sceptical . 
  given the nzherald released a report around the election showing income dropping for all nzers except the top 10 % of earners , i 'm sure you 'll appreciate my desire for a range of research on the same topic by varied researchers . 
  from the articule :, 
   but now , some researchers have developed algorithms that can solve the typical challenges faced by hospitals with the processing power of a desktop computer . 
  well whaddya know !, 
  of course the raw data itself would have issues . 
  data collection methodologies have a considerable impact on the quality of any science performed with that data . 
  if we have a sole funder deciding how and what data should be collected , this limits the value of the science performed with it . 
  there was some interactive graph produced by the herald , i 've searched and have n't been able to find it , but there was probably something on reddit around the time ... 
  well dude , you 're in . 
  go one-up these fools and show them you 've already solved their problem . 
   i 've never heard or read anything about governmental pressure on nz statistics to alter numbers/methodology to reach certain conclusions . 
  really ? 
  i should start taking notes i guess . 
  government pressure seems to be the order of the day . 
  i 've seen repeated news reports of government staff speaking of the pressure to present a good front , to provide data to show the government in a good light . 
  i listen to radio nz a lot though , so no doubt i have my own bias . 
  and then there 's the general integrity of the current government , which has been shown to be lacking . 
  my scientific training is limited ( completed graduate and post-graduate papers on research paradigms and methodologies , analysis , critique , etc. ), 
  but my understanding is that data fudging is n't required . 
  when you say `` it will be very very tough to influence that data collected '' , this does not make sense to me given what i understand . 
  my understanding is the moment a decision has been made to collect data , that data has been exposed to bias . 
  if only because you could have made a different decision . 
  we ca n't research everything , we have to makes choices about what we collect . 
  it does n't mean the data is worthless , rather its limitation must be appreciated when evaluated . 
  in some contexts this may have little impact on the quality of the research results due to the nature of the research and the lack of potential for vested interests . 
  in this context , given what 's at stake , given the current government 's demonstrated willingness to undermine and attack those who speak out against party line , i have to be highly sceptical of any research from government funded sources that is n't backed by independent research . 
  remember , in your dreams , all the things you dream are you . 
  / r/delusionalartists, 
  giving chocolate to people you hate ? 
  that 's some hate i can get behind . 
  you fuckin ' wot m8 ? 
  take some chocolate !,
