   `` bleugh , '' she wrote . 
  lorde for pm . 
   who knows , maybe the web editor heard op . 
  i suspect some true blue nzh staffer took issue with the story - or has a close relationship with someone who they knew would . 
  are distances for the center or the boundary of the object ? 
  i mean , usually it does n't seem to matter ... 
  i just poop . 
  it 's nice to have some poop time . 
  what claim ? 
  what premise ? 
  where did who say what ? 
  this was the top story on my google news feed :, 
  i 'll trade . 
  the us can have neapolitan cereal if we get apple jacks or apple cinnamon cheerios . 
  networks are complex , isp helpdesks not so much . 
  isps have to deal with lots of people complaining about things they do n't understand , so genuine problems can take a long time to get resolved if you 're not diligent . 
  see if you can get them to tell you their full diagnostic requirements . 
  like disconnecting everything from your network except for a single wired device , then running speed tests and capturing packet data at different times of the days to pin point the issue . 
  it could easily be something in your local environment causing this , but isp helpdesks are n't in a position to test that . 
  it may not be bad enough , but have you considered getting some training in [ mindfullness ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mindfulness_%28psychology%29 ) ? 
  it 's very effective at helping people who have chronic pain overcome it . 
  they use it , for example , for people with nerve damage where the signals get flipped so soft tough feels like agonising pain . 
  not me . 
  i just keep on trying to say what i have to say until i do n't have any more friends . 
  she 's a well known nzer who 's approximately a peer of the young mr key who commented on the instagram pic . 
  i imagine it 's the combination of these different nzers and the circumstances that make the story . 
  regardless , i actually think we are pretty low on nzers to be interested in , at least amongst those currently rising to the top . 
  i guess not all news is for you , eh ? 
  i thought it said `` this is right after number 2 pain meds '' , number 2 referring to the method of delivery . 
  that 's a tough pill to swallow , but you may be right . 
  on one hand i believe in people 's right for self expression in such a manner . 
  on the other i do n't care to offend people if it costs me nothing to avoid offence . 
  s\u026fnq, 
  a different spin on :, 
  can you ask the local police if anything has been reported or found ? 
  and if that 's what a publication feels they need to do , i would support them . 
  if a publication has a different response , i support that also . 
  i find some things offensive . 
  a drawing of a child being abused by an adult i would find offensive . 
  i do n't think that would be only because i want to be offended . 
  it 's others prerogative to ignore my offence if they wish of course . 
  obviously there would n't be much relationship between myself and those who enjoy casually handing around drawings of children being abused by adults . 
  the two things that stand out from the comments of my overseas flatmates is that auckland is very socially polite and accommodating , and very expensive . 
  good luck !, 
  auckland is also very multi-cultural , so you should be able to find some people you get along with without much hassle . 
  i. . . actually liked this article . 
  thanks for the / r/justiceporn . 
  looks like russia . 
  moving slowing forward to push a person out of the way who wants to impede your journey seems like the act of a charitable person compared to some russian videos . 
  off queen st in auckland today :, 
  walking about , observing human activities is far from nothing !, 
  probably afraid of freaking people out with too much presence . 
  have you been in auckland traffic ? 
  hahaha . 
  you know , i have a very similar response to precisely that stimuli . 
  got ta respect consistency . 
  * stoned * is still a vague description ... 
  no wonder cricket is n't that popular in auckland . 
  bad luck anyone who had tickets yesterday . 
  this kind of thing will only happen more as our growing dependency on information systems is n't matched by growing investment . 
  if you 're depending on the user to maintain data security , you 're going to get lapses . 
  a few faces to pavement for sure . 
   `` in the future , phones will have an electronic agenda '', 
  it 's true , and it is a dark agenda indeed . 
  has there been any mainstream coverage of the video where it appears the officer was not killed ? 
  and a wealthy patron !, 
  when i used to work in the city on the weekends i 'd see this kind of thing every couple of months . 
  aw , what a sweet kitty . 
  already have two though i 'm afraid !, 
  so we might be better off paying heed to climate scientists rather than miley cyrus and kayne ? 
  hrrmm ... the ancients had a strange kind of wisdom . 
  yes , the imaginary is of considerable utility . 
  one could of course be both concerned with climate change and kayne . 
  however given the seriousness of climate change relative to how seriously we celebrate the egos of the likes of miley , i think we could do with a bit more of the wise and less of the fools . 
  i have a fool proof method of bathing the cat : do n't . 
  i can hear the chomp . 
  crying out is not a terrible way to express deep pain , even if it 's embarrassing . 
  i thought the woman ( in the video , not the airport story ) did very well . 
  stomping your foot and crying about feelings is very benign . 
  if every expression must be completely tidy and controlled , it seems we 're more prone to much more explosive , destructive expression . 
  of course , once upon a time such an incident would only remain in people 's memory , rather than exposed to the eternal memory of the internet . 
  freakin ' humans ... 
  i swear . 
  most of our schooling is forced upon us in that sense . 
  it still seems effective regardless of children 's resentment . 
  maybe not all kids pick up maths , but enough do so that its benefits are effectively integrated into society . 
  i think the reasons for not teaching te reo in school are likely to be other than what kids think about it . 
  i 'm not following you ... ? 
   you yourselves are nothing but a miserable bunch of land thieving colonialist living illegally on maori territory . 
  this is untrue . 
  there is a legal agreement in place . 
   the jews are indigenous to israel and have every right on earth to live in their homeland in peace with other indigenous peoples . 
  if people living in israel want peace they might consider learning to live peacefully . 
  are you unfamiliar with the work of the [ waitangi tribunal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waitangi_tribunal ) ? 
  it 's true history is rife with injustice . 
  in nz we strive to do our best to work with what history has left us in good faith , coherent with the values and institutions we live by . 
  indeed i think we fall short or at least our values are grubbier than we are willing to admit . 
  you are of course welcome to make whatever justification you please for the use of such gross oppression and violence in palestine . 
  it 's far from the only place in the world where such values reign supreme . 
  why do people get to possess land at all ?
