  the first 10-20 minutes are so insightful , they provide a wonderful contrast for the lives we ( industrialised western society ) live , and others ways that people can and do live . 
  it was such an epic night . 
  massive , punctuated booms with the long undulating rumbles . 
  so far it 's a $ 16k hissy fit she 's thrown . 
  although i get the feeling that money will be spent on lawyers long before the victim sees any of it . 
  it 's all good . 
  once the economy is sorted and the richest 0.1 % control 99.9 % of the wealth we 'll do everything we can to ensure that 0.1 % maintain a high quality standard of living despite these challenges we face . 
  come on guys , we 're nearly there , we can pull together and do this !, 
  you 're the one on the fucking high horse . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  you think we should suddenly turn doe eyed because the fat take a moment to flick some crumbs to the starving ? 
  that . 
  shit . 
  so from my small comment you are confident that i see the world as black and white and am closed minded ? 
  i wonder , are you open minded enough to consider that maybe the perspective i have is n't the one you assume i do ? 
  wow , so you 're so open minded you seem to have already considered all possibilities and perspectives , that there 's no way someone has an alternative perspective to you . 
  you must be very , very smart . 
  lolz , or you 're projecting . 
   dr toomath said she was still optimistic that a future new zealand government will take a harder line with the food industry . 
  pretty much this is the only optimism there is if you 're working in healthcare right now . 
  what stats do you refer to ? 
  there have been concerned raised about how the government is putting pressure on various public services to produce positive data . 
  that 's one data point . 
  and it 's possible national has achieved this by including funds that were n't previously counted as going towards the health budget . 
  certainly there is a contradiction somewhere , because all reports coming from those working the frontline of public health is that they are under strain due to insufficient funding . 
  obesity has been a subject of concern and debate for at least a decade , we 're not just talking about it now . 
  it 's more than numerous , the fallibility of human memory is a well understood phenomena . 
  i trained and worked in public health . 
  i quit because the work was becoming too grim , friends and colleagues who remain say it 's only getting worse . 
  if you have better expertise , i 'm all ears . 
  i would love to understand the conflict between the quantitative and qualitative data . 
  certainly there were few in the position to know who did n't realise that something like isis would emerge if the us and its allies did n't invest significant resources into the rebuilding of iraq and afghanistan . 
  i 'm not sure anyone was planning for the emergence of isis by letting the rebuild fall by the wayside . 
  but i do wonder if it was just assumed by policy makers and funders that if their decision to de-fund the rebuild resulted in regional destabilisations , that more authoritative measures would be put in place and that was fine by them . 
  as long as they got to save their money . 
  i doubt the attacks were staged , but rather were genuine efforts by those who feel they need to attack westerners . 
  of course you never know . 
  when you 're talking * trillions * of dollars , a few billion can be expected to be lost along the way . 
  i saw hal as harried and thus preoccupied , not stupid . 
  and he 's harried because he cares and raising kids you care about on limited resources is hard work . 
  i think you need to figure out the mainstream media . 
  its role is to make money and influence public opinion . 
  it 's not a source of accurate , reasoned information . 
  for instance , `` terrorism '' no longer describes actions or behaviours , rather it is a political buzz word used as a cue so that people know what they should be thinking about what 's being discussed . 
  when it comes to the law , it 's really the only kind of correct . 
  i would n't hire a lawyer to look after children either - it 's a different skill set . 
  i dunno , the police openly admitting it seems to be a new step in the right direction . 
  i think maori are probably due some leniency given the circumstances . 
  that does n't mean turning a blind eye . 
  but perhaps restorative justice and community sentences could be a much stronger preference than prison sentences for maori . 
  whatever the case , there needs to be an intervention to break the cycle . 
  the police are definitely in a good position to do this . 
  it breaks my heart hearing a maori kid say something like `` aw , do n't be such a maori ! '', 
  we all deserve better . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  the world , nz is full of desperate need . 
  there 's only so much we can do , at some point we need boundaries . 
  someone needs to do something about that pesky media ... 
  half a million dollars across ~ 10k employees over six years ? 
  does n't seem like a lot . 
  i mean , i 'm the first to have a go at corporate greed , but i wonder if the issue is with a few individual franchisees rather than mcdonalds ? 
  makes sense . 
  if you 've got a good grasp of maths and physics you 're probably going to pursue a career where you get pay and respect . 
  i found it came together very well , the later reveals crystallised some of the early confusion as to what 's happening . 
  the gender stuff is confusing - because it is for the protagonist . 
  i appreciated the author 's effort . 
  that said i 'm always glad to learn about my own gender bias , which the book revealed in me when i learnt the correct gender for a character and how that shifted my view of them , despite it being very clear in the book that gender does n't matter the way it does to me . 
  which i appreciate not everyone is so concerned about . 
  it 's one of my favourite books . 
  have you read the reality dysfunction series ? 
  it 's excellent , but takes some effort to grasp what is happening as well , and is much more dense than ancillary justice . 
  depth and richness . 
  i also found in both series there is a serious reward with pushing through the confusion , as with both series there are reveals which bring everything into focus . 
  i find the * snap * of my brain reorganising what i previously read to take into account the revealed information exhilarating . 
   mr laugalis paid $ 525,000 for the house in 2004 but has decided to downsize and go mortgage-free . 
  he gonn downsize alright . 
  i hope he keeps it up . 
   warning offenders instead of pressing charges against them is the big one . 
  yeah , i agree , although people get unhappy when there 's a suggestion a group seems to be above the law ( such as the recent suggestion in the media that maori were getting let off for driving without a license . ), 
  which of course ignores that , as you say , non-maori enjoy the large proportion of warnings while maori are more likely to bear penalty . 
  i 'm guessing the zoo has put other goats in there which it has devoured , or was the goat supposed to be a treat that it ignored while continuing to eat its regular food ? 
  i think if there was n't oil in the region , world powers would n't have destabilised it in such a way that allowed extremism to emerge as it has . 
  i was n't suggesting it was that fact alone that led to foreign intervention . 
  i mean , the fact the regions you mentioned exist within the borders of a world power may have something to do with stability there . 
  maybe ? 
  perhaps ? 
  the problem is * who * enjoys that roi and * when * . 
  the people with the purse strings might well be dead by the time we experience a jump in the quality of services and production . 
  and then there 's the risk of an educated populace demanding social progress , which may threaten the status quo . 
  better off putting the money into businesses , where the returns can be enjoyed directly by the investors next quarter . 
  are you a student of maths/physics ? 
  i suggest compliment that with some computer science , and if necessary some psychosocial upskilling . 
  if you get that done , the world is your oyster , the future is yours . 
  thanks , i have n't read that , i 'll check it out !, 
  i would assume by testing the milk for metabolites of pke . 
  i like to think it 's the wisdom of solomon that 's the source of his happiness and upbeat nature . 
  i was raised and still live in a time of sexism , so i assume i must bear some of that attitude . 
  i found it interesting to notice my own gender bias while reading the book . 
  but mostly i thought it helped me empathise with the protagonist . 
  they were confused about gender and in the context of the book , so was i.
