  must be pretty cool watching fringe with your pops . 
  wow , that guy is primary source . 
  i want to eat the noms !, 
  level 2 doors are all you need . 
  can vacuum them suckers 9 times out of 10 . 
  and only costs 20 . 
  lol , sadist . 
  naw , just dodgy internets . 
  damn , i just realised i need me a mathy girl . 
  look like he could take on everyone in that room , including the little girl . 
  it 's great how that can happen , right ? 
  dark orange . 
  they need to change the wording on these kinds of judgements . 
  it 's more like improper rather than unjustified dismissal . 
  what if the particle interacts with a human consciousness ? 
  or perhaps particles and the human consciousness never come into contact ? 
  interesting stuff !, 
  i guess there 's room for four more people who think they are boss enough to have a month named in their honour . 
  well shit , if the universe do n't care , where did all these caring beings in the world come from ? 
  you looked very happy !, 
  do parents still dress up their kids and take them out for photos ? 
  or was it a school/holiday thing ? 
  i see the lipstick still works for you :, 
  saved for later generation of real life karma . 
  thanks !, 
  the aliens at the end of [ explorer ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089114/ ) ( 1985 ) . 
  in a way , they make a lot of sense for aliens - they 're completely not what you might expect . 
  they 're intelligent and able to communicate but very ... alien . 
  which like i say is realistic , but for the movie it was they came off as weird and disturbing . 
  and a really disappointing end to an otherwise awesome movie . 
  i wish more people understood people more . 
  if the benefits of this drug turn out to be real i wonder if it could be used to learn relational skills that are much easier to grasp as a child , but take exceptional effort to pick up as an adult ? 
  it depends if you want to have expensive fun or cheap fun . 
  nz is renowned for having a high quality of life on relatively low incomes . 
  perhaps because those who want to live the high life gap it overseas . 
  fine dining and big nights out on the piss are probably out of the question if you 're on a low wage and want to save . 
  but there 's a local music and art scene which you can get into if you 're not planning to drink it up . 
  and there are endless beaches and reserves within 2-3 hours drive of auckland ( and plenty much closer ) if you 're into outdoors adventure scene . 
  what counts as a `` king-hit '' any how ? 
  i always vaguely thought it was a strong blow to the back or side of the head from behind . 
  makes sense i guess . 
  i figure it 's always a bad idea to get into a street fight . 
  i remember some idiot who did n't belong at a party was threatening to fight me . 
  i was pretty sure i could match him and besides , my friends would jump in pretty quickly once they knew what was up . 
  but there was concrete and plate glass everything , one wrong move and someone could be dead or brain damaged . 
  not much worth that risk . 
  just walked away , let the dude shove me in the back a couple of times with his hissing sounds . 
  when i came back he was in the back of a cop car being driven off . 
  goes to show there 's still an expectation in our society that our `` betters '' should get special treatment . 
  that 's a seed skittle , they 'll be upset to have lost it . 
  well , that probably goes without saying . 
  perhaps the next study will show this study to be nonsense . 
  however if it does work it will be interesting to consider what the implications will be . 
  must have been a short walk home , or you had a thermos , else that shake would have froze !, 
  it 's a bit weird how some parents do n't put 2 & 2 together and realise that at some point their kids can leave them if they wish ? 
  all the best to you . 
  pretty sure it 's first vote wins for the most part , particularly with the first vote downvote bug reddit wants us to believe is a feature . 
  it 's like their adrenal system is triggered when they try to understand the human mind . 
  what is done with the cherry flesh once the beans are extracted ? 
  a lot must get created !, 
  there would only be star wars on the list . 
  they could i suppose , however if i 've played a game before , even games with obscure game mechanics , my fingers just know what to do . 
  it 's like `` hrrmm , i wonder how i play this again ... '' , game loads , i try do something , it happens !, 
  of course . 
  given that some people are at a high risk of suicide for example , the risk side effects may be outweighed by the risk of death . 
  it 's a difficult balance to get right . 
  the point is that accidents can occur because of mistakes made by more than one party . 
  one guy pulled out at the wrong time , the other guy was going `` too fast '' . 
  they could have just left it as `` too fast '' but that might be taken as `` too fast to stop in time '' , not `` faster than acceptable '' . 
  if they showed say 120km/h that might give the message that 120km/h is what is too fast , 110 , not so bad . 
  a lower speed that is just over the legal limit seems most appropriate . 
  it 's probably less about what you 're unhappy about . 
  emotions are the way to go if you want to effectively appeal to a broad number of people . 
  source : politics/advertising . 
  geez , i wonder how often this happened to us war vets ? 
  it just seems they 've been burdened with misery after misery . 
  perhaps that is a common theme with war vets around the world and throughout history . 
  it looks good from space at least . 
  powerful acting . 
  kind of wonder why there is n't more popular kiwi television with these kind of production values . 
  aww , that feels . 
  yeah , sorry , i was talking about this from a purely scientific perspective , i was n't thinking about recreational use . 
  good point !, 
  do we get bitcoins ? 
  * sell ? 
  * sheeeeee * iit * . 
  too many upvotes for a link requiring registration . 
  thanks . 
  `` we 've rebranded !, 
  and made the site harder to access !, 
  you 're welcome ! '', 
  those players need to realise they * want * to play 1v1 . 
   1v  1 is always going to involve teammates who have their own ideas about how to play and what constitutes a good game . 
  ~ scrabble ~ scrabble ~ scrabble ~, 
  what 's that hog 's game ? 
  that is a crazy impressive skill . 
  so many votes on all his posts !, 
  how does that happen ? 
  do they share a liver ? 
  last frame `` shit , i just banged that . '',
