  only sharks would make loans to people with unreliable income . 
  so some will still incur debt in this way . 
  but most would succumb to poverty . 
  debt seems like a poor solution for those in need , but perhaps it 's politically palatable as it shows up good on the books . 
  and no one 's getting a free ride , etc. 
  they could spin it very well if they wanted to . 
  show a spectrum of responses to the practice . 
  some subtle hinting at healthy boundaries without getting too preachy . 
  that kind of thing . 
  right or wrong aside , it 's very shocking to some people , simply unwanted by others . 
  and it never hurts to raise awareness that there can be serious consequences to sending pictures of your genitals . 
   you ca n't win against cunts . 
  yeah , like the cunts who make it harder and harder to live if you 're not working a 60 hour week , or working 40/studying 40 so you can one day earn something that might put you in the range of a house deposit . 
  the cunts who against all advice are allowing our public health services collapse , or who after nearly a decade of neglect calls out our child welfare services as broken . 
  cunts abound , eh ? 
  musk probably has a different perspective on power than most people . 
  or maybe it just means something like `` even the president could n't ask for xyz and get it so quickly '' . 
  does musk mean physical merge , or a more intimate connection with our ais ? 
  a general ai could have a variety of inputs . 
  humans communicate with humans in sophisticated ways beyond the words we use , a super-ai could be even better than that . 
  information can be gleaned from the nature of the words we use , our framing and positioning in our language , etc. 
  then of course there 's body language and unconscious cues . 
  we could have a personalised ai measuring our sweat response , heart rate , various hormone levels . 
  that 's much higher bandwidth than text alone . 
  for a consumer level ai i would expect it to pre-empt much communication . 
  an ai would either be helping you execute or make decisions . 
  as for receiving information , i guess we could find a way to zap it into our brains . 
  or the ai could be smart enough to know how to best communicate the information we are looking for using familiar methods . 
  i guess that would still make us cyborgs . 
  humans will only be useless at doing stuff . 
  our true role in a robot dominated society will be wanting stuff . 
  wanting to know , wanting to experience , wanting to have . 
  it could be people who choose not to depend on a personal ai for their daily existence will become valued for their unfettered , pure bio-desires . 
  i remember not being able to watch the simpsons when it first aired because it was too edgy . 
  which of course made bart seem that much cooler . 
  i wonder if there will be a struggle at some point where we train ai to understand what we want but there is a conflict between conscious , explicitly stated needs , and unconscious , implicit needs . 
  will we force ai to attend to our conscious desires even though it 's smart enough to understand our deeper intentions ? 
  we already have a deep understanding of the nature of ego , it 's just out of vogue due to the current political climate . 
  protecting vulnerability or accepting the unknown is just not cool right now . 
  it does worry me the though of ai being developed in the absence of this knowledge . 
  musk 's comments suggests its not his strong point . 
  or he 's thinking about the information he would like to access that is far removed from a typical person 's needs . 
  what i hope for from a general ai is access to complete information for the purpose of decision making , rather than relying on my information bubble . 
  i do n't need to be wired up for that , just something that can understand what i want . 
  of course , this has huge ramifications for advertising and politics . 
  the status quo depends on consumers and voters are being uninformed . 
  what is it ? 
  start with early childhood education . 
  this would provide biggest returns on money spent . 
  i think if people really understood the significance of that age , and how events and experiences during that time shape our entire life , we would be shocked at the thought of untrained people looking after kids for long hours every day . 
  it 's such a roll of the dice what kind of outcome you 're going to get . 
  damn , that 's gorgeous . 
  to me it seems she offers an experience of someone compassionate , relatable , in contrast to her decisions in leadership . 
  i like the idea of more economic interdependence , i think it encourages a degree of harmony between disparate groups . 
  hopefully we have a disproportionate degree of influence over china 's economic conditions . 
  we 're a tiny blip compared to china 's economy , but i 'd hope nz might provide a strong moral high ground in regard to our working conditions at least . 
  i mean , compassionate and relatable relative to how she 's grinding nz 's vulnerable into the dirt . 
  yeah , china has the luxury of being pragmatic with its political decisions . 
  it largely does n't need to confirm to the whims of its populace . 
  not that i 'd want to live under such a government . 
  i do , but because cadbury turned to shit ages ago . 
  there 's one sure fire way to do that . 
  they should buy the plant and make their own chocolate . 
  they clearly know how to . 
  maybe they can start making good chocolate again , unbound by cadbury 's corporate masters . 
  that 's probably not really possible , which is a shame . 
  / u/d8sconz is right , the robots have been here for ages , and they 're only growing in number . 
  and when they truly dominate , `` hand made '' boutique production will be worth a premium , that 's what the human contribution to the economy will be . 
  i hope stupid comments are n't a justification for maintaining the current government and its atrocious social policies . 
  get erections ? 
   real-life resembles a zero-sum game, 
  how do you reconcile this statement with the fact there are more of us living better lives than ever ? 
  life is exactly the opposite of a zero sum game . 
  we constantly find ways of getting more out than we put in . 
  we can and are making life better for more and more people . 
  not everyone , but not because of a zero sum game , but because of power dynamics and other complex phenomena . 
   national , labour , greens , nz first , all of them want to make nz better . 
  some parties want to make life better for society , others want to make it better for them and theirs . 
  using distraction and obfuscation to keep people voting for them despite their worsening conditions . 
  people with poor mental health have compromised decision making processes . 
  handy for national come election time . 
  there are many reasons why someone might refuse potentially life saving treatment . 
   the anti national echo chamber is strong, 
  so you 're saying that when my posts critiquing national policy are downvoted or controversial , it 's because i 'm not anti-national enough ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying ? 
  it sounds like you completely agree with me :, 
  life is n't a zero sum game , who gets what is much more about power dynamics . 
  entropy is zero sum . 
  along with the rest of the universe , we get more chaotic , more sophisticated . 
  having sophisticated ways of managing chaos is what keeps us alive . 
  allowing people to fall to chaos hurts us all . 
  anyone who does n't have the same values . 
  my expectation would be an initial binge , with over time more and more people investing in themselves rather than indulging themselves . 
  the most needy are the least able to speak up about their needs . 
  someone with a low capacity to work in the contemporary employment environment might be considered to have `` no real potential '' . 
  but others might consider such people to offer something other than their capacity to work . 
  for instance , their capacity to be a friend . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5uz0q0/what_happens_when_you_give_basic_income_to_the/ddys4zx/ ) . 
  the rest national depends on for it 's position of power . 
  no room there for overwhelmed parents ?
