  some kids obviously need to do further investigations . 
  hahaha . 
  i mean , it 's also possible she just happened to grab a fist of pants material in just that area . 
  i ca n't provide one sorry . 
  it 's not exactly the kind of topic you 'll find stuff published on the web about , even if you were willing do do the search . 
  the theory is it 's part of how children form gender identity . 
  who am i the same as , who am i different to ? 
  a child wo n't think these precise questions , but that is what is being worked out . 
  how they respond to what they find ( and their parents ' response to their behaviour ) has complex , lasting impact on the child . 
  not all children engage in this behaviour and most people think they were or have those children . 
  unfortunately i do n't recall the theorist , it 's completely reasonable for you to dismiss what i say . 
  i think we 're queued not to recall this behaviour , it 's too disturbing on some level , so when it 's seen or experienced , we quickly disregard it . 
  i 'm making an educated guess , it could be many other things , perhaps it 's as / u/pm _ me_ur_beard says . 
  hahah , that 's true . 
  however it 's more the unwanted results i would have to sift through than big bro nsa . 
  also , i doubt the research is published anywhere that 's not behind a pay wall . 
  i puckered where i did not know i could pucker . 
  that seems way intense , both for the kicker and receiver . 
  what 's observed has happened , what 's happening while it happens is the theory . 
  i 'm not asking you to ? 
  i 'm offering what i know as best i 'm able and willing , given the circumstances . 
  what i 'm saying is anecdotally backed up by a number of others in this thread . 
  are you saying you do n't agree with me ? 
  everyone is different , it 's the general trend . 
  your local community may be very active and open about discussing these things and as such it 's easy for you to consider it . 
  many people are very awkward about such things . 
  should n't fish & game have spoken up about this already ? 
  oh wait , they did , and national threatened to revoke their statutory powers . 
  100 % pure ? 
  more like 100 % fucked . 
  i do n't think i eat that much meat in a week ... 
  repeat after me :, 
  right . 
  mate . 
  this is how it has always been as far as we can tell . 
  freud was the first to really discover the extent of child sex abuse in western society . 
  however he was forced/chose to recant and flip the who business around as women being prone to violent sexual fantasy . 
  and he was only working the most wealthy !, 
  and still seems very difficult , if not impossible to convince anyone in a position to do anything that is a serious problem . 
  `` that 's not a name . '', 
  / facepalm, 
   gareth morgan, 
  well you 've got me there , i must admit the name was only vaguely familar to me :, 
  [ tommy wilson : gareth morgan on the right track ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/bay-of-plenty-times/news/article.cfm?c_id=1503343&amp;objectid=11391938 ), 
  is the hall of justice anything like camp justice ? 
  this is well morbid . 
  the unlived life is chilling to the bone . 
  i 'm mid 30 's , i 'm rife with purpose . 
  i expect to be a therapist in later in life , and i make steady progress on that path . 
  because i 've seen so many of the unliving and i want to be there for those that manage to find what they need reach out . 
  and hopefully perhaps find a way to help my community to reach back to those who have n't found that . 
  apparently auckland redditors like room 104 ... 
   it 's fun to blame usa for everything is n't it ? 
  those with the most power are the most responsible . 
  by almost every metric the us holds a tight grip on power . 
  excellent , thanks . 
  cheers . 
  that statement is true independent of current circumstances though is n't it ? 
   catton has been celebrated loud and long . 
  that respect is totally deserved and should only be increased by the observations made this week about the country she obviously loves . 
  god , nz needs people like catton right now . 
  national has us so beat down , keeping wages low , cutting social services , making the most out of the housing crisis , it 's extremely hard to build any moment to fight back . 
  we need the kind of light catton to shine onto our plight that ca n't easily be dismissed off hand as national is eager to do . 
  the country is getting fucked right now , both our natural and social resources are being burnt away so a tiny , tiny minority might be in a position to protect themselves in the uncertain , tumultuous future we absolutely face . 
  choice . 
  he looks like happy stalin ... 
   i really do n't understand people like you . 
  are you interested in understanding people like me ? 
  your response suggests you 're more interested in me understanding you . 
  the most day-to-day experience i have had of being beat down has been working in community mental health where the services the most needy depend on are being cut , when they were inadequate in the first place . 
  because we 're told and obviously voting nzers are convinced that if the richest are as rich as they can possibly be , everything will flow on from there . 
  helping a rape victim raise her children so they do n't bear the burden of her trauma apparently being a poor use of resources . 
  the values of the dominant world powers appear to be austerity for the poor coupled with increased resources for the powerful . 
  my wish is for nz to be one of the few places in the world that stands against this . 
  i was merely offering an example of the source of my insight , rather than a thesis . 
  but hey , i guess you 've got license to write off what i have to say , which means you get to keep your position of comfort while ignoring those who suffer in our community . 
  bravo hero . 
  is your requirement either thesis or silence ? 
  i suspect your real requirement is what you agree with or silence . 
   i literally do not understand what it is that you are asking me . 
  perhaps if i answer this question directly , we might get further . 
   so you saying that having worked in a single underfunded part of public sector gives you the license to make sweeping comments on the whole of new zealand society , it 's political direction and overall wellbeing ? 
  no i am not . 
  i was making no comment on what gives people license to say what they want to say . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  i said what i wanted to say and you 're talking about license . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you seem to have some assumption about my motivation for posting which is clearly not shared . 
   your opinion is a product of limited experience . 
  how do you know this ? 
  i mean , of course it is , i 'm not omniscient . 
  but how do you know it 's so limited ? 
  it seems you 've answered my question though . 
  that i have n't produced a complete thesis , that i only produced my `` most day-to-day experience '' means to you that i probably should n't have posted anything because it will result in disagreement . 
  but i do n't believe you actually care about that , i believe you are either a hapless troll who wants to argue about arguing or you want to divert the discussion away from grim reality . 
   because i have not been proven wrong so far . 
  lolz , sound logic there . 
  i do n't need to call you an idiot . 
  hahaha . 
   most likely a decision made by a dhb , not central government , but hey let 's blame mr. key .
