  i was wondering how you knew the cat cried after you dropped it off . 
  then i was like `` oh . 
  aww . '', 
  i had a moment this morning where it was like `` is it tuesday or wednesday ? 
  oh please let it be wednesday . '', 
  tomato sauce is sweet , tomato ketchup is vinegar . 
  they are not pies . 
  you mean the third picture ? 
  or do you count from zero ? 
   there is just not enough land to build more houses , therefore the price of those existing will increase ( basic economics ) . 
  it 's probably more accurate to say there 's not enough land being made available to build more houses . 
  there 's plenty of space out whitford and clevedon way . 
  here 's a post by one of the survivors about the incident :, 
  looks like the nzherald took down that link . 
  very curious . 
  i really do n't like gifs that reverse when they 're done . 
  yeah , but the us justice system sucks . 
  what 's illegal , what 's not , what gets enforced , what does n't , it 's all arbitrary from an outsider looking in . 
  wait , there was a movie ? 
  sweet !, 
  excellent , thanks !, 
  lolz , or it could be the circumstances those people are facing that are n't apparent in the picture . 
  nz could stand to have a few more arseholes like that in my opinion . 
  excellent , our milk will become even more valuable . 
  your middle-class chinese consumer might be happy with factory produced milk , but your more discerning upper-class chinese consumer wants top grade pasture produced 100 % pure nz milk . 
  or is it a race to the bottom ? 
  also , we do n't know how loud the loudspeaker is set . 
  he does n't appear to be responding like i 'd expect someone who 's experiencing a painfully loud noise . 
  do you know what level the megaphone is set to ? 
  all the ones i 've seen are variable . 
  also , it looks like she 's behind him more than is obvious from the picture and the megaphone could be pointing over the copper 's left ( our right ) shoulder , not at his right ear . 
  could be . 
  might also be sneering . 
  it 's not clear . 
  op might be lying , but countless others could say the same truthfully . 
  `` bitch , i 'm a rocket ! '', 
  it 's like something out of / r/fifthworldpics . 
  i just thought it was funny , it was amusing projecting those qualities into the dog regardless of any psychological reality . 
  / r/raisedbynarcissists, 
  your mum may not be like this , but you 'll probably appreciate the stories . 
  if he needs permission , then no , he 's not an adult . 
  i guess people are more familiar with one experience than the other ... 
  in my opinion , in this moment , i think this is something we must expect in the fragmented communities we live . 
  a 13 year old can have a mind boggling number of reasons why they might falsely accuse someone of rape . 
  the world can easily overwhelm a 13 year old . 
  if there is n't a responsible community intimately involved with the life of that person then how they act is a roll of the dice with extreme outcomes to be expected in a given number of interactions . 
  and without that community it 's impossible to have any real insight into their motivations . 
  the best we can do until we find away of stitching up our communities again is to be there for the victims ( of both rape and false accusations ) , push for more rational justice systems . 
  the uk is making some good advances but there is so much work to do , most of the rest of the world is barely making an effort . 
  there is no scientific basis for your post . 
  the average voter is not an individual ... 
  it 's an average of many . 
  not one person . 
  do you know the average voter 's name ? 
  hence why community . 
  seems to fit with what was being said in [ this ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2nw7hj/i_was_recently_released_after_a_4_year_sentence/ ) posted on / r/newzealand yesterday, 
  what 's that ? 
  a finance company run by a pack of cunts ? 
  unpossible !, 
  genious at work . 
  i do n't know what your talking about . 
  you 're not supposed to read sources , only blindly accept them . 
  hmmph . 
  the clue you 're after is at the bottom of the page :, 
  '' * community project * supported by datacom and the nz police '', 
  the ~ $ 4k it 'd take for a nice design was probably twice the total budget for the website . 
  we all do . 
  i did n't post no link , i 'm not op . 
   i was just commenting on how terrible it was . 
  you also commented on how its apparently terrible nature made the site out to be a joke rather than something a well funded organisation would produce . 
  my comment was to offer some insight why this might be the case , to anyone who might be reading . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  basically what you 're saying is shit 's all fucked up ? 
  what is being represented here . 
  that 's what i do n't understand . 
  it 's clearly obvious to some , so there 's something fundamental i 'm missing here . 
  like how does one planet observe another ? 
  more like / r/extremelysatisfying , amirite ? 
  hahah , i guess i 've made some kind of mistake . 
  mockery was not my aim , rather i was trying to communicate how very satisfying that would be to eat . 
  i do n't know why . 
  it looks amazing . 
  nothing odd about that satisfaction . 
  thanks !, 
  hahah , did you , or did you already know ? 
  ah well , ca n't win 'em all . 
  i got karma to burn , baby !, 
  i prefer `` wanted/unwanted '' as opposed to `` positive/negative '' . 
  positive/negative appear absolute , wanted/unwanted indicate relationship . 
  just saying . 
  ooh , margot robbie looks like she 'd make a great harley quinn . 
  terrorism does n't describe anything . 
  it 's a political term to be applied to those the powerful want to deny a voice to . 
  yeah , they 'll be everywhere soon . 
  some offer both delivery and then pick up after christmas . 
  dense , maybe , but a wonderful example of our tendency to dehumanise those we do n't have any connection with . 
  `` immigrants '' being some kind of worthless other , rather than people who have moved from one place to another . 
  hence the sentence would make sense to the person who said it . 
  `` life is just a murder train a-comin ' '', 
  not so slow .
