  freud was right , up to a point . 
  freud did n't change the western world by being wrong . 
  that makes no sense . 
  thanks to freud and the work that followed him we know that * we all approach people with an assumption and bias * . 
  to become a psychoanalyst you have to first undergo your own analysis for this very reason . 
  the same goes with most contemporary psychotherapy training , which you clearly know nothing about . 
  freud does n't get recognition because he 's a human like the rest of us ? 
  what ? 
  i think your own bias might be at play here . 
  or maybe i 'm projecting ? 
  lol, 
  i 'm really glad you found some help . 
  he 'll be right mate . 
  political parties make decisions on who does vote , not who might vote . 
  because we have an ageing population , an old people vote the most we 're subjected to a granny state . 
  they 're more likely to be against it , having grown up during the reefer madness era . 
  and if they 're not against it , they 're largely indifferent , meaning suggested changes to cannabis law is n't going to win them over . 
  statistically significant ? 
  i do n't think national guess when it comes to what will get votes . 
  i 'd love to be wrong !, 
  you ca n't see the link source immediately to the right of the link ? 
  grey , in brackets . 
   this `` reporter '' really needs to be banned from writing about property for a while . 
  are you kidding ? 
  this is how the herald pays its bills . 
  this reporter is a high performer as far as they 're concerned . 
  you only need one contact if its the right one . 
  the whole episode is surely a goldmine . 
  you make me very happy . 
  you linked the better source . 
  it looks roman . 
   some shop owners in west auckland say they are fed up with beggars urinating and defecating on their stores and have placed a ban on begging in the area . 
  but beggars , they 're completely thrilled to turn to begging . 
  it 's what they looked forward to their entire lives . 
  and it 's a well known fact that we 're all 100 % in control of our lives , none of us find ourselves in circumstances greater than ourselves . 
  so you 're saying it 's not possible for a human to be overwhelmed , that one always has access to this `` right way '' you speak of ? 
  maybe i am . 
  maybe these beggars are too . 
  and you are born with this knowledge ? 
  nothing could cause you to not understand or disbelieve this help is available ? 
  i have worked for service providers . 
  tell me why you think begging is an attractive option ? 
  and any ideas why it 's growing in popularity ? 
  so that 's it ? 
  people just figured all of a sudden `` aw true bro , we can beg , eh . 
  that 'll get us money !, 
  ca n't believe no one figured this out before !, 
  fuck , we 're smart , eh . '', 
  everything else is the same . 
  it 's only these people that have changed . 
  and yet more and more people are choosing to beg . 
  what 's going on ? 
  is n't that another word for begging ? 
  people are begging more because people are begging more ? 
  so why do you think people see panhandling as the best opportunity for them ? 
  it ca n't be very nice , subjecting yourself to people 's pity and disdain on the street . 
  the way i get money people smile at me and thank me , tell me how much they appreciate what i do . 
  and no one cares if i spend that money on booze and smokes . 
  why would they put up with such bullshit ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying ? 
  they 're beggars because they 're beggars ? 
  panhandling is work . 
  not very nice work at that . 
  why do they choose that work instead of more pleasant work ? 
  and what explains the * increase * in begging that shop owners are complaining about ? 
  nothing you 're saying is unknown to me . 
  i grew up poor , had friends with worse . 
  spent time getting pissed with `` dole bludgers '' , listened to their stories of scamming the system to get a little extra money . 
  i can tell the difference between the guy begging who has a home to go to and the guy who does n't . 
  i get we ca n't force the guy muttering to himself while scrounging through the rubbish for cigarette butts to get help . 
  but i can see the bigger picture too . 
  i can wonder about why there are many more people on the street now then there was ten years ago . 
  it 's not all about the beggars . 
  there are reasons why they 're on the street that are n't to do with them . 
  i loved 2 guys & a girl . 
  does anyone know of a good auckland map for cities : skylines ? 
  what would happen if you got your car towed yourself ? 
  what a legend . 
  may as well enjoy every moment you can . 
  come on , people do n't * really * want place to live . 
  they 're just having a nice dream about what it might be like . 
  on the other end of the spectrum is stacey jones , pimping loans for instant finance . 
  i know which i prefer . 
  can we start building state housing again ? 
  surely that 's money in the bank for the government ? 
  i think there just needs to be more houses . 
  we have a long , successful history of providing social housing . 
  national are refusing to be brave for the sake of the country , instead are playing it safe for the sake of themselves . 
  the current national government through and through . 
  no social policy ? 
  no problem !, 
  i could n't stand the end of the movie . 
  i mean , i did make sense i suppose , the alien was quite ... alien . 
  but it was overly bizarre and comical . 
  it was a fantastic movie that aside . 
  next you 'll tell me there 's more than one silva . 
  that 's my understanding too . 
  and the alien 's very distorted understanding of humans through our media made a lot of sense . 
  it just was too much , after a fun movie it took a weird and creepy turn . 
  it 's burgers all the way down .
