  it has its moments ... but the trained soldiers who are n't capable of accurate fire and the general idiot plot weakens the show considerably . 
  i like yalom 's characterisation of [ existential isolation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/existential_therapy ) as a fundamental human concern . 
  essentially we 're all alone , no one can truly know another or be known . 
  maybe not automated , but replaced by free alternatives such as what 's already popping up online . 
  or as well as automated . 
  it 's a subjective opinion . 
  so yes , really . 
  trained soldiers with automatic weapons unable to hit at point blank range because it does n't serve the plot is a weak trope . 
  the link does n't really say much unfortunately , it just points to the concept . 
  you 'd need to read [ this ] ( https://books.google.co.nz/books/about/existential_psychotherapy.html?id=mi17zb6ixagc ) if you wanted to know more , although it 's from the perspective of clinical application . 
  there were a number of scenes . 
  the scene where they are escaping the hospital was particularly problematic . 
  we can cook up all sorts of scenarios , but leaving us to imagine why rather than pointing out the source of the magically useless bullets is weak . 
  maybe the 3rd ? 
  it 's pretty essential to the whole story ... 
  i guess it 's not exactly a hospital , but they make him think it is until it 's obvious to him it 's not . 
  let 's just say `` david 's escape '' . 
  there 's literally soldiers firing point blank with automatic weapons , that then get tossed aside by telekinesis , cause i guess they 're having a clumsy day . 
  only if you have a genuine deficiency . 
  loading up on vitamin supplements unnecessarily can be detrimental to your health . 
  what do you mean , `` think '' ? 
  what does thinking have to do with methamphetamine ? 
  i mean , i got it . 
  i did see the abundance of similar responses . 
  i guess my humour was muted by the multi-billion vitamin dollar industry that quite likely causes a lot of harm . 
  i know , i know , why so serious and all that . 
  perhaps because the user inputted the reminder based on a misunderstanding that vitamin supplements are healthy , thanks to generations of misinformation about the nature of vitamin supplements . 
  oh , you 're still joking . 
  i guess i 'm the foolish one . 
  i 'm with the hipster . 
  seriously , advertising supported broadcast media can die a death . 
  speak for yourself . 
  good point . 
  my critical thinking begs the question why a platoon of soldiers ca n't hit a cluster of people exiting a choke point at near point blank range . 
  if bullets were n't a problem they could wander around , not worry about taking cover . 
  if bullets are a problem then how are they not getting hit by so many soldiers shooting at them ? 
  the show requires you to turn your brain off at that point . 
  i 'm very much against prosecuting children as adults . 
  but there does seem to be a need for some middle ground . 
  we have youth courts do n't we ? 
  the school 's disciplinary system seems inadequate in this case . 
  you can google it if you 're interested . 
  you can be mindful of your emotional state - which requires honesty . 
  from this mindful position you can make a rational assessment of your emotional state . 
  and just because you might decide your current emotions are irrational , it does n't mean you deny the emotion , you can still experience and perhaps consider the emotions ' rational source . 
  it just seems insane that it was even possible to happen . 
  especially in a restaurant where any idiot can show up , kids being the worst idiots . 
  horrifying for everyone involved . 
  it depends . 
  if within the prime universe physics allows for infinite information density , then no difference . 
  if not , then eventually we 'll find the point where our physics differs from the prime universe 's physics , which we 're ultimately subject to . 
  this will effectively be a stopping point for human progress , as we hit the limits of the simulation . 
  however if this is the case it 's less likely we 're in a simulation and in reality this is the prime universe . 
  the only other option i suppose is we could live in a realm of hyper-sophisticated gods and the concepts of simulation/realm of heaven begin to blur . 
  not without redundant instructions . 
  and anything can be infinite if redundancy is allowed . 
  this will have a number of positive flow on affects . 
  one in particular is people working as carers tend to spend their money on their families . 
  those who earn the most have money to spend over and above their families ' needs . 
  so increased income goes to consumer and luxury goods rather than basic needs . 
  there are other factors too , but this is a significant one , along with the typical gender of care workers . 
  there are at least two benefits to this : money is spent on basic needs , which improves general levels of health and education . 
  it also benefits local economies most , as the increased income is spent a number of times locally . 
  how about a coherent social policy ? 
  it 's not like we 're all confused about how it is people end up going to prison . 
  there are too many people growing up in fucked up circumstances , and what 's worse we blame and punish these people for inevitably being fucked up . 
  it 's a situation that can only escalate without intervention . 
  more prisons are n't an intervention , they 're a symptom of and perpetuate the problem . 
  more social health services over an extended period of time will reduce our prison population over the long term . 
  are there unskilled migrant visas ? 
  i do n't really know the whole landscape of how people migrate to nz . 
  but how does labour propose to prop up economic figures ? 
  huh ?!, 
  they 'll have to find a way to generate real improvements to the economy . 
  national 's way is much more straight forward . 
  if you read some of the papers within the now defunct [ social policy of journal of new zealand te puna whakaaro ] ( https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/journals-and-magazines/social-policy-journal/ ) , it 's clear that for some time we were having a good go at understanding some of the issues nz specifically faces within our society . 
  but it 's been wrapped up , along with it our mental health systems and our social services in general . 
  what underfunding ? 
  there 's more funding than ever !, 
  everything is great !, 
  because old people vote the most , so money and policy is focused on their needs . 
  i say the indecent nature of our services society needs more visibility , not less . 
  we 're not a poor country , people in need should n't face triage . 
  no , that 's not how triage works . 
  for instance if i have great need but little chance of recovery , some one with less need but a good chance of recovery may be treated instead . 
  it really depends on circumstances . 
  in nz right now , people who previously would have been helped no longer get it because we prefer to keep our money . 
  triage is n't occurring because we suddenly figured out who the most needy are . 
  triage is occurring because services are n't allowed to operate in a way that helps the most people . 
  rather they 're being forced to focus on the most easily identifiable groups of need . 
  it 's partly funding , but it 's also significantly policy based . 
  this means people miss out on these services . 
  just because you can say `` well that could have gone to this other place '' does n't change this . 
  triage is for times of desperation , not while we 're enjoying a rock star economy . 
  i disagree with this :, 
   low-risk screenings should be given the same priority as high-risk treatment just to make them feel better . 
  i believe in this case , sexual health , low-risk screenings should be given the same priority as high-risk screenings for complex reasons . 
  due to the issues at hand * any * barrier is undesirable . 
  what 's he talkin ' ` bout ? 
  pretty sure he went full scorpion there .
