  a hypothesis is a formal guess . 
  you then do research to find out if that guess is correct . 
  maybe society does n't even exist . 
  perhaps we 're all individuals and there is no society ? 
  i ca n't recall reading a paper proving the existence of society ... hmmm ... so it must n't exist . 
  i 'm sure you know this angry little social outcast you speak of well , whoever they are . 
  i 'm certain it 's not an ad homenim , you 've already expressed how inadequate you find such attacks . 
  * b. . . b. . . but what about my feelings ? 
  i sense a wound gareth . 
  a [ common theme ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/59qo12/the_pencilsword_in_the_bin/d9cal0g/ ) in your posts . 
   mr mccully 's not surprised at the findings , though he says he knows there 's a desire to think of this as stuff that 's been done in dark room between two or three individuals . 
  but he says the whole of the foreign ministry has been involved in the process , so the idea there might have been something improper done by such a large number of senior public servants is frankly absurd . 
  maybe not improper , mccully , but definitely incompetent . 
  you 've just admitted your whole ministry is incompetent . 
  i wish i could be a winner like you . 
  i guess i will just have to comfort myself with my hate groups and anecdotal university training . 
  you 're such a graceful winner . 
  i can only hope to aspire to your greatness . 
  what ? 
  are you saying it 's possible for something to exist without a specific scientific study explicitly demonstrating its existence ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  / u/gareth321 will back me up . 
  / u/gareth321 has demonstrated a misunderstanding of the nature of scientific proofs . 
  i think they believe that if a scientist proves something , it 's absolute and can be obviously demonstrated to everyone . 
  you know , as opposed to being the best understanding available , assessed by peers within the field . 
  and it seems they believe that `` society '' means 100 % of all people in a community . 
  so if everyone in society minus one person is sexist , then society is n't sexist . 
  i mean , check out [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/59qo12/the_pencilsword_in_the_bin/d9cl4nw/ ) . 
  it 's ... revealing . 
   i mean , men are the overwhelming victims of social inequality . 
  you say that with certainty . 
  can you prove it ? 
  i do n't necessarily disagree , i just wonder if you hold yourself to the same standards as others . 
  i do n't mean tell me facts you know , i mean prove it . 
  that does n't mean producing a paper that demonstrates those facts , but also demonstrating there is n't a better understanding that does n't counter or mitigate the findings . 
  a highly cited meta-analysis is probably most appropriate . 
  statistics are n't proof . 
  climate change deniers have no problem finding stats that support their claims . 
  they 're still wrong . 
  show me a meta-analysis or gtfo with your ignorant nonsense . 
  cute projection though . 
  you feel uncared for huh ? 
  i did n't say the stats were n't accurate . 
  i 'm saying the stats are n't the full picture . 
  you 're just like a climate change denier , cherry picking the data that suits your pre-drawn conclusion . 
  i hope you find the care you 're looking for bro , sorry you 've been so let down . 
  a lot of men in our society have been let down and ca n't find the help they need due to pervasive sexism in our society . 
  although probably it 's mostly due to our indifference to vulnerable people of any gender , rather than sexism alone . 
  no i did n't . 
  i asked for proof that :, 
   men are the overwhelming victims of social inequality, 
  you offered evidence , but not proof . 
  where 's your meta-analysis ? 
   you 're talking about society-wide collusion now, 
  you just made that up . 
  which appears to be your modus operandi . 
  i 'm talking about you being unable to provide proof for what you believe , while insisting others do the same . 
  remind me of your scientific background ? 
  lolz , i 'm just kidding , hahahha . 
  damn , why did i waste that money on university when i could have just gone to the dictionary . 
  clearly that 's the extent of your knowledge , lolz . 
  come back when you 've got your meta-anlysis . 
  it was n't so much my lecturers , but the volume of papers that i had to read that taught me careful definition of terms is an essential part of science . 
  do you think i should count how many posts it 's been since you have n't provided a meta-analysis to support your claim ? 
  do you think that would add to the discussion ? 
  i provided proof of sexism in society . 
  you do n't accept my proof , i do n't accept yours . 
  internet arguments , eh ? 
  the ad hominems you previously admonished are fun though . 
  crockpot/slow cooker meals ftw . 
  i can make a delicious beef & vege stew without much difficulty for ~ $ 3/meal . 
  i got the crockpot i use for $ 30 on trademe . 
  i make them and freeze them in glad bags so i can eat well without effort on any given evening , the money saved is a bonus . 
  what i was taught about was epistemological framing and evidence hierarchies . 
  apparently that makes me sound like a 12 year old . 
  anecdote is the lowest form of evidence , but it 's still evidence . 
  you would know that if you had any kind of scientific background . 
  just so we 're clear , the large body of health science about sexism in society is n't an appropriate demonstration of sexism in society in the context of an internet argument ? 
  btw , have you looked at the definition of society recently ? 
  you seem to misunderstand the term . 
  if the bomb drops , i want to be under it . 
  i 've seen threads . 
  i do n't think we 've agreed on a single thing yet . 
  you do n't seem to even agree with yourself , with you both objecting to and indulging in ad homenim . 
   do you have a problem with the definition of society ? 
  with your usage , yeah . 
  the definitions states `` people in general '' , however the way you use it suggests you mean `` every person '' . 
  just to confirm , the studies that you claim demonstrate men suffering from social inequality ... this is n't sexism ? 
   sexism requires intent . 
  sorry , where in the dictionary definition of sexism is this stated ? 
  you specifically said that the dictionary definition of the word was sufficient to determine was sexism is . 
  that we did not need to quibble over definition , because it 's right there in the dictionary . 
  it says in the definition of the word that sexism is a person experiencing unfair treatment because of their sex . 
  that 's all it says . 
  the definition leaves room for unfair treatment in any manner , as long as in the same circumstances a person of a different sex would not receive that unfair treatment . 
  an intentional person is only one way we can receive unfair treatment . 
  ignorance can result in unfair treatment . 
  poorly designed systems can result in unfair treatment . 
  unintentional outcomes can result in unfair treatment . 
  intent is a very specific concept , one not mentioned in the definition .
