  it 's the fto that has the 2l v6 mivec turbo , not the evo . 
  maybe ? 
  i imagine some school boards like to believe they 're the ones in charge and do n't believe outsides should be able to step on their arbitrary us of authority . 
  asics onitsuka tigers is my daily wear . 
  i get around 1-2 years of solid wear from them . 
  this could use an edit , but i prefer originals . 
  hahah , what 's life if you ca n't cause a few problems eh ? 
  they were having a special moment , were n't they ? 
  do you not like this person ? 
  i would feel flattered if someone was trying to get to know me more . 
  make your face more angry . 
  i 've seen them washers , but they rarely come my way . 
  or you could adjust one of your wiper spray thingers so it 'd hit any washers trying to approached . 
  i found this out by accident when i was a bit slow at starting up the wipers to dissuade a rare game chap . 
  i cranked it up just as he lent over , he copped a face full of wiper fluid , poor fellow . 
  how did you find your way here ? 
  this reminds me of [ the perry bible fellowship ] ( http://pbfcomics.com/ ) . 
  because it 's surprising to get a reply 5 months after a post . 
  fairy tales are for everyone from what i 've seen , religious or not . 
  it sounds like the kid what they thought was best for them , it does n't sound like the school was looking out for his interests . 
  if we leave children to protect themselves , we ca n't be surprised when we do n't like the results . 
  well , actually , i 'm pretty sure most of the adults closest to this situation will be doing their best to ensure the child is the one who bears accountability . 
  you 're not doing much different when you 're assuming what 's important to you is important to others . 
  i 'm glad you found that support you needed . 
  it 's malaysia , i guess not everyone got the suppression order :, 
  translation : i do n't like thinking about child abuse and i 'll thank you very much not to remind me of it . 
  i do n't think there 's any evidence that shows that unplanned children are the predominant victims of child abuse . 
  the only gotcha is if you need a place to stay , you have to build it . 
  nancy mcwilliams ' psychoanalytic diagnosis is an excellent contemporary resource . 
  it 's written for practitioners , but it 's definitely accessible ( relative to a lot of psychological/psychoanalytic writing . ), 
  living is easy without a load of cash ( by western standards . ), 
  are you referring to the maori proverb : `` the kumara ( sweet potato ) does not say how sweet he is '' ? 
  they 're a howdy biologist , you ca n't trust their claims . 
  blimey , i assumed it was someone down on their luck , could n't afford to be generous . 
  it 's a culmination of many things really . 
  healthcare and education are both adequate to good and free , tertiary education is accessible without large debt , there 's low corruption and it 's easy to do business . 
  this combined with a very low population density relative to arable and habitable land , abundant natural resources , buffering from international concerns due to remoteness . 
  well ... life is just easier . 
  if you 'll chilling at the beach or having a spendy night out , the quality of life has far less to do about the cash you 're spending . 
  this is my favourite reaction gif for whatever reason . 
  feelings are a human experience , they connect you to your humanity , with other humans . 
  but if that 's not for you , then that 's a choice you can make . 
  psychotherapy . 
  that 's not what i meant to communicate . 
  i meant only to answer your question in a general way . 
  how one communicates their feelings depends on what those feelings are . 
  being stoic is n't the same as unfeeling , it 's about choosing when and how to express those feelings . 
  if you never make that choice , then i might consider you an unfeeling robot . 
  maybe . 
  but probably not , because really i do n't know you . 
  radio nz concert ftw . 
  `` national '' means the nation , rather than the political party . 
  luke rockhold is captain america as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i hope she does n't actually spend any time with him now , that would just be creepy . 
  you probably mean a psychotherapist , this is the kind of thing they work with , but as you say it 's expensive . 
  it 's hard to say what the person 's situation is really like , it sounds grim , but he also has intellect , insight , the capacity to self-observe which is definitely hopeful . 
  someone probably did just from reading this post . 
  meh , that 's an old quote . 
  i have n't been paying attention , is that a new lawyer , or did she keep the same one that went ahead with `` doomed to fail '' proceedings ? 
  you want to check out the sidebar on / r/newzealand . 
  the first step is getting the appropriate visa !, 
  good luck !, 
  this looks like something out of euclid 's elements . 
  he sounds like anyone who is eager to get on the job before seeing the realities of the work . 
  is n't the current congress the most ineffectual in us history ? 
  what power does a us president have to change this ? 
  i used to be the same , then i undertook some serious study of humans and human life , now i realise we 're all doing the best we can with the resources that are available to us . 
  the cleaner could have looked the other way , but they would needed the insight not to act out their immediate response to what they saw . 
   he does n't , and that 's the point . 
  so the point is obama was incorrect in 2008 and now we 're patting ourselves on the back ? 
  i 'm not sure who the us government is helping right now , aside from the us government . 
  i took the quote at face value . 
  he intended to reverse the nonsense that 's been building up in congress since bush 's term ( not saying it 's bush 's fault ) , and has found he has been unable to do that . 
  personality politics are not to my taste i am afraid . 
  well , it is a bit surprising that a company would have such a policy . 
  it goes to show you can be in a position of running a business and still be short on insight . 
  it 's kind of catch 22 . 
  i 'm not sure many stupid enough to get caught up in such business are smart enough to act sensibly if they get arrested . 
  i had a bengal that would sometimes snap at your nose if you were holding it ( and you always held him tightly , even a brush with his claws would draw blood . ), 
  it was great , but my friends were terrified . 
  why i vote left : green and labour understand the importance of addressing violence against women . 
  violence full stop is a problem , the most effective point of invention is women , both due to their high prevalence of exposure to violence and the essential role they predominantly play in our communities , specifically raising children . 
  leaving aside moral reasons , it 's simply money in the bank . 
  any investment into families in this manner will only pay long term compounding economic dividends for everyone . 
  the reasons for the right 's disinterest in attending to violence are complex no doubt . 
  this is all generalising of course , but there 's probably not a more appropriate time for it . 
  not being born maori also goes a long way in avoiding a conviction , if our crime statistics and the un are the be believed . 
   violence full stop is a problem , the most effective point of invention is women, 
  no thanks , i vote based on who says the least embarrassing things during the election campaign . 
  russia is the backstory . 
  wow , that 's some great insight there . 
  sharp claws ? 
  i had a bengal , it 's claws were like razors . 
  like , if it happened to step on you as it ran by , you would be bleeding . 
  he certainly was effective with that rock . 
  maybe not so much deserve as a potential consequence of his actions . 
  seems like he was given the opportunity to get out of the way though . 
  yeah , that 's a bit puzzling , is n't it ? 
  you 're always going to get trashed posting an opinion on the internets . 
  / u/gyn _ nag i think made a good post that offered a somewhat nuanced view that did n't trash yours .
