  if you try to read them as if you were the intended reader , you 're going to struggle to make any sense . 
  old medical books are `` fact '' in the sense that this is what people thought was true at the time . 
  now given anti-vaccine hysteria , it 's completely conceivable a person might discover some old medical tome in a library and proclaim it holds great and lost wisdom that trumps current medical science . 
  would this say much about the ancient medical text ? 
  you 're a scientific lay-person , i can tell . 
  a lay-person says `` this is a fact '' . 
  a scientist says `` this has n't been proven wrong yet . '', 
  this is pretty much it . 
  you seem to live in a factual universe of absolute knowledge . 
  i live in a subjective universe of contextual knowledge . 
  any absolute knowledge that might exist is inaccessible to humans . 
  which is why we use science , it does n't give us capital t truth , but it allows us to work in reality as we find it . 
  i was n't intending to be insulting , only stating what i observed . 
  those upvotes are from me . 
  as i was saying historical medical texts were as appropriate to ancient practitioners as contemporary texts are to contemporary practitioners . 
  i say this to address your statement that ancient religious texts are silly . 
  i was trying to demonstrate that apparent silliness is the nature of old documents , you only need to go back as far as the 50s to see this . 
  and i am saying * this * to challenge whatever view you have of the religions you mentioned , or in fact any religion : whatever you understand about that religion there is probably someone with a completely different understanding of the same thing . 
  thus , when you make a statement about a religion , their petty gods , you are really making a statement about yourself and the people in your local environment . 
  the point of religion is not its factual basis , but its utility . 
  how do people use it and what does it do for them ? 
  there are incredibly diverse answers to these questions . 
  well that way you said it made it seem like you were making a general statement rather than a particular sub-set . 
  particularly this statement :, 
   christian/jew/muslim god is so petty . 
  if it exists , it just ca n't be anything close to what they think . 
  followed by :, 
   monotheistic religions view of god is way too simplified, 
  so when you say `` that was my point all along '' , i 'm a bit confused because you 're saying `` monotheistic religions '' rather than `` literal interpreters of '' . 
  but that 's cool , communication is rife with difficulty , and wonderful all the same . 
  because we 're racist . 
  we can get all sophisticated about it , but that 's what it boils down to . 
  nah , it 's definitely lizard people . 
  source : from auckland . 
  lizard people all ` bout the place . 
  what argument is that ? 
  i suspect the argument you 've had in your head long before this discussion is not what 's being discussed here . 
   most christian groups/people align themselves with the republican party, 
  do we know this is the case ? 
  or is there another criteria like `` christian groups that get media air time '' for example ? 
  so the argument is children should n't be aborted because they are there by no fault of their own . 
  does this logic extend to once the child is born ? 
  is it the conservative mantra that a child , born into a impoverished , drug addicted family should be given all the care they need because they are in that family by no fault of their own ? 
  cause from what it looks like to me is neither liberals or conservatives really give two fucks about a kid once its born . 
  how can you insist a child is born if you do n't also insist it 's cared for ? 
  and by insist i mean take steps that would ensure the care of the child rather than simply judging those who you believe should be doing the caring . 
  saying there are plenty of assistance programs is plainly false . 
  `` plenty '' would imply enough for all , which there is far from . 
  mine just arrived today in new zealand . 
  great shirt , material quality , print , size , all perfect !, 
   do you really think public assistance programs should offset everyone having kids ? 
  if we are demanding everyone has every child they conceive , yes . 
  i have more sensible suggestions for more sensible scenarios . 
  you seem to be running off some argument you 've long had in your head that is only slightly connected to what the point i am making . 
  there are not in fact enough people to adopt all the children that would be born if we forced all pregnancies to term . 
  you can frame abortion as murder if it suits you . 
  you can pretend that we do n't in fact kill humans who inconvenience us if it suits you . 
  so you got it all out and realise you were venting and did n't actually want to engage in the discussion . 
  just so you know , i do have a very sound vision from what `` looking after kids '' looks like . 
  several years training as a therapist does this to a person . 
  you can reduce my whole point to this : if you insist all children are born , i insist all children get adequate care . 
  let 's look to more reasonable options . 
  glad you hit front page !, 
  great story and photo . 
  similarly in later infancy when a baby is learning its independence for the first time . 
  we both want our parent there to show us , help us , keep us safe . 
  and we want to do it on our own , we do n't want help . 
  it 's kind of mind blowing thinking we all somehow resolve this issue as an infant ... yet , it 's kind of strange we rely on whatever resolution our infant selves came up with . 
  we 're not so smart when we 're little . 
  how terrible . 
  wait , it 's not a shop ? 
  i hope national `` step-aside '' in an electorate for craig , only to lose it to another minority party . 
  yes . 
  i must do this also . 
  nor are parents forced to give birth to all children they conceive . 
  my standard for raising children is very high , certainly `` not starving to death or being abandoned on the street '' is very , very far away from what i 'd consider bare minimum . 
  children have complex needs , besides there 's no better investment than our children . 
  the important thing is the resources are available and all who could benefit from them are aware of and able to access those benefits . 
  it 's not hard . 
  it 's just very expensive . 
  an expense i demand you accept if you demand that all conceptions are carried to term . 
  i do n't think either of us are going to get our demands met . 
  your pettiness does not contribute to the discussion . 
  i spent years in painful , expensive training so i can do what i can to help . 
  i 'm lost in your semantics i 'm afraid . 
  i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  what does who carries out the abortion have to do with anything ? 
  and i do n't follow your logic . 
  a child has no control over it conception which is the argument put forward against abortion here , but a child has no control over the family they are born into either . 
  it seems completely disingenuous . 
  you ca n't say you 're against abortion because you care for the child , if you do n't care what happens to the child after they 're born . 
  what does a murderer have no control over ? 
  what is no fault of their own ? 
  arbitrary definitions . 
  this is as morbid as the story itself . 
  i doubt this is an isolated incident . 
  i am grateful for the tell to be honest . 
  when i see those eyes i know to keep out of the way !, 
  if your definition is coherent then abortion is n't murder in most cases . 
  like i said , i got lost in your shifting definitions .
