  it was a novel , but not a central or overwhelming feature of the book . 
  there was much , much more to it i found . 
  great edit/summary of consensus . 
  indeed . 
  so many deny their own power because they are overly aware of far greater powers . 
  even though the rocket appears to be [ incredibly successful ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ariane_5#launch_history ) , i 'm still going to be very nervous about that launch !, 
   * i * ca n't believe * how * good it feels to be * gi * ving to you , * you 're * giving back to me . 
  both the line and the vocals give me chills . 
  brendon small knows what 's up . 
  this sucks , frozen berries are part of my daily fruit smoothie , boiling them briefly is n't really an option . 
  not eating them is of course , which is disappointing , but better than risking hep a. 
  i 'm not really sure what this means , can anyone shed some light :, 
   nor is there evidence to suggest any link with frozen berries used in commercially-prepared and packaged products sold with a shelf-life claim . 
  ** edit : ** i 've realised this means products that use frozen berries are safe , it 's only imported frozen berries sold as is that may have a problem . 
   i just wanted to see people 's points of view on what they are actually discussing in the video , instead of the credibility of the message itself . 
  i think you 've learnt that credibility is what matters when it comes to climate change discussion . 
  quality science requires discipline and given the contentious and frightening nature of climate change , being disciplined is especially important . 
  getting wound up about what might be is n't going to facilitate quality science and this is what we need to face climate change . 
  hahah , i like how you take issue with people remembering things in a different way than you . 
  yeah , and it takes 2-6 weeks for symptoms to appear . 
  shit . 
  i have n't seen any domestic frozen berries . 
  i 'll have to go tinned i guess , use some extra ice instead . 
  not ideal , better tan getting sick !, 
  not at all . 
  i share a fridge/freezer with four others , space is a premium . 
  i wonder if they 're not saying anything to protect the brands in case nothing is found . 
   not all choices are easy , but we all have a choice . 
  we only have a choice if we 're aware of our options . 
  that an outsider can conceive of alternative actions does not mean those actions were available to the actor . 
  my comment was general , not specific to draco . 
  people are okay , i would n't have a job without customers !, 
  you just got ta take the good with the bad . 
  the anti-pc crowd have ironically turned into the new pc crowd . 
  `` you ca n't say that , that 's * pee cee !, 
  just goes to show how seriously anyone should take garner and the like . 
  i 'm not sure why in a free society anyone would regularly work for free , for the financial gain of others . 
  if you 're compelled to work for no remuneration , then i would question your freedom . 
  keep in mind he was raised by his ( somewhat narcissistic ) family and not yours , and thus does not have those same values instilled in him . 
  it sounds like , given the circumstances , he does have her back . 
  that is : he does n't simply accept their abuse , but refutes it . 
  that may be the best insight he has right now . 
  hopefully , we can offer something a bit better . 
  the important bit :, 
   i 'm satisfied there 's a real risk to undue hardship to the defendant 's partner if his name was to be published . 
  she clearly does not want that to occur and is strong in support of suppression being granted on a permanent basis . 
  what 's an oscar performance ? 
  similar case in nz :, 
  i really like how the joker never ( afaik ) let his discomfort get in the way of a good joke . 
  it recruiters seem to be about quantity over quality . 
  that is they 're looking for people who they can quickly squeeze into a role , rather than looking for good matches between employers and employees . 
  when i launch back into it/is , i 'm thinking of seeing if i can pay someone to help me look for work , both in regards to what kind of roles i 'd suit with my skill set and how to pitch myself to various organisations/recruiters . 
  i 'm not sure this will actually work out . 
  i 'm not sure what / r/auckland has against flatmate ads . 
  welly seems quite happy to have them . 
  good luck with your search . 
  yeah , we probably get more relevant results in nz . 
  i was 3 and it was 1983 when i used to ride my trike up to the dairy and buy 5c worth of lollies . 
  amongst some , not others . 
  i think that 's the tension here . 
  not where i live . 
  of course , i 'll admit we do n't suffer the same social issues in my region . 
  i 'm scared of what 's going to happen to a lot of today 's children when they reach adulthood and their aggression peaks . 
  i think we 're only seeing the tip of the iceburg right now . 
  well anecdotally it seems youth crime is on the rise , despite what the government statisticians might tell us :, 
  which fits with the reduction in community services in the last 5-10 years . 
  parents who were making good use of these services who are now coping on their own are going to be less effective parents . 
  particular the gutting of rape crisis services , and acc 's sensitive claims service . 
  it 's hard to meet a child 's needs if physical touch is distressing , for instance . 
  this in turn leads to disaffected youth who would be more likely to act out the aggression we all feel in grappling with our daily lives . 
  the previous generation are the ones buying all the papers , it must be nice to read that the new thing is actually confusing and stupid , and the old ways are the best ways . 
  / arms-folded, 
  it goes to show what can be achieved where only the public interest needs be considered , and not commercial interests . 
  that 's a `` look , it 's snowing outside , global warming must be false '' approach to science . 
  it 's a pretty sad scene tbh . 
  it was ridiculous that those running this scheme went so far ahead when it was made clear to them that their scheme was against the law . 
  the ppta advised those running the scheme that it was illegal and they would be challenging it if they did n't adjust the scheme . 
  that was ignored , and so here we are . 
  if we 're disregarding laws now , are they all up for grabs ? 
  schools believe they are laws unto themselves . 
  we 're doing a piss-poor job at addressing human cruelty in this country , i ca n't see how we 're going to address animal cruelty . 
  that 's hilarious and amazing . 
  she 's fairly modest for an aussie kids show host . 
  usually they 're more overtly sexual , at least they were in the 90s . 
  recent demonstration in china :, 
   most visited blog in nz, 
  well that makes more sense . 
  i could n't fathom how it could be one of the most visited * sites * in nz . 
  the economic model we live by assures us that people act rationally . 
  if something is a higher priority for a person than pills , it 's because with the insight that is available to that person , whatever that something is genuinely appears to be the higher priority . 
  if we want people to make new choices we think are better for them , there needs to be a point of intervention . 
  judgements and punishments are usually the go to for those calling for personal responsibility , which may be why it is unpopular . 
  that 's great . 
  [ my favourite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw6jw9y59jy ), 
  wait , it was n't ? 
  huh , you 're right , that 's a gif not a vid . 
  so where did the music come from , i swear i heard it . 
  that guy is obelix . 
  maybe the complaint is n't about jk giving opinions , but rather that the media is so quick to publish them ?
