  this is different from a `` ca n't connect '' error , so it must be getting part of the way . 
  although i get the same error if i just connect to the gateway in putty but do n't continue through to the dbserver . 
  i am guessing that the mysql install is n't accepting connections from localhost , which is the next thing to investigate i suppose . 
  yes !, 
  that was it . 
  i needed to connect only to the gateway in putty , set the tunnel to the dbserver ip , and set mysql to connect to my local machine . 
  still fiddling with permissions , but the connection is there which was the challenging part . 
  cheers !, 
  the occasional time i have received these tickets i ignored them to no consequence . 
  i have had many people compliment my pancakes . 
  i mean , i 'm not claiming to hold a michelin star or anything . 
  i think because it 's perfect for the internet . 
  i think people often post stuff from where they find it . 
  it 's not like it 's unreferenced . 
  damn politicians , hogging all the sex scandals . 
  that may be your standard . 
  i 'm grateful for the content . 
  i thought it was a smart set up , with the soft edges pool , and the sand loosely packed in a large area around the pool . 
  definitely would have helped with the commit . 
  florida man is upping his game . 
  i 'm not sure how you managed to edit that film . 
  you must have seen the music videos . 
  how could you not think he was a big time actor ? 
  he 's got it going on ole jared leto . 
  that 's well geek , haha . 
  i find it sad he felt so trapped . 
  and so judgemental about the lives of others . 
  reality both binds and frees us . 
  i do n't exist without hydrogen atoms and all they 're made of , i am bound to the laws of their interactions . 
  and i get to exist because of the same , their interactions give rise to my expression . 
  our civilisations , how we hold ourselves to each other are a part of this reality . 
  they both bind and free us . 
  find your choices and make them , there 's no need to live in complete submission . 
  hahah , what a line . 
  that any part of legislation so significant can be fast-tracked highlights that the aim of the deal is benefits for the deal-makers rather than those the deal is being made on behalf of . 
  we may not live in a dystopia , but that something like that even has a chance of getting passed into law shows there are some nightmare elements to our society . 
  if this deal gets passed we slip much deeper into the nightmare , and much more difficult and distressing it will be to awaken . 
  on one hand very good , on the other hand not sure it captures the parody of the song . 
  at the end psy is basically pointing out how the big man shits on the little guy to get by , to maintain class and ego . 
  gangnam being the epitome of this . 
  about bloody time . 
  fuck that shit . 
  wow , that sounds like a dystopia . 
  the big advantage is where you have problems with the purchase . 
  life is very weird indeed . 
  what 's the film ? 
  we can at least explore galactic space and maybe even local space , if we do so on a multi-generational timescale . 
  trust me , no good comes from that wondering . 
  good luck . 
  it sucks that private companies are the ones stepping up to look out for needy people . 
  what use is a government if it leaves the vulnerable to the sharks ? 
  other than keeping the rich rich i mean . 
  but that does n't suit my `` the government sucks '' narrative . 
  more seriously , this is in contrast to the government narrative that nz is doing great , that their policies are n't causing people to fall into poverty at the same time our economy is apparently humming . 
  we should n't need to have to enlist privates banks to be an ambulance at the bottom of the cliff . 
  how about some fences at the top instead , fences that both keep nzers from falling into poverty while at the same time preventing private banks make more and more profits at our expense . 
  a better response :, 
  `` i 'm sorry to hear of your son 's illness . 
  we served over 1000 burgers that day and have had no other reports of illness . 
  however i will take this as an opportunity to remind our staff of correct food hygiene practices . 
  thanks for visiting , i hope we see you again ! '', 
  you realise i was agreeing with you , right ? 
  haha , fair enough . 
  not my field , but a field of interest :, 
  [ nasa has successfully tested their em drive in a hard vacuum ] ( http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2015/04/evaluating-nasas-futuristic-em-drive/ ), 
  this is the most exciting science i know of right now . 
  if this works , it basically means we will be able to explore the solar system very quickly ( compared to current technology . ), 
  i have heard some very interesting stuff in this arena . 
  like doping materials with water in a very specific way to dramatically increase their strength . 
  it 's disappointing you 've had such experiences with religious people , not that it 's surprising . 
  i 'm committed to my faith but probably not in any way you 're familiar . 
  regardless i hold to a tradition and commit to various beliefs i 'm unable to substantiate in any empirical way . 
  that said i 'm very ... committed to death as well . 
  it 's both terrifying and exhilarating to consider and i do so often . 
  in a sense i share / u/theryanmoore 's sentiment , the sense of relief at the idea of death . 
  it also compels me to live my life as much as i can , because i only get so long at it . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i do n't so much believe in a pleasant afterlife . 
  a deep study of various religious traditions and history finds the afterlife only comes to the fore during war and strife - when death is immediately apparent . 
  what i believe , a belief i can not substantiate , is that life is good , the universe and all it contains is ultimately for good , that god is good . 
  this is the faith i have . 
  it is faith because i can easily look and see terrible things as well as wonderful . 
  the other thing i believe is that life is * real * . 
  that how i live is * meaningful * . 
  which means that how i live is important . 
  this is held in balance with the belief that however i live it 's all good . 
  meaning , i do n't need to be terrified of something horrible i did when i was a toddler because i have since figured out that my actions reverberate throughout eternity . 
  the endless chain of cause and effect . 
  so when i 'm an asshole as an adult i do n't need to collapse and fall apart or pretend i 'm not . 
  i can at the same time recognise i do n't want to be an asshole and it 's worthwhile pursuing something different . 
  it may be eternal life is this life i 'm living - after all i can neither experience its beginning or end , so perhaps this life is my eternal life - some infinities are larger than others after all . 
  god is another way of saying `` the universe '' . 
  everything that exists , observable and unobservable , conceivable or not ( science can only access `` the universe '' , i.e what can be observed . ), 
  for some . 
  obviously others have visions of a grand old man in the sky . 
  and others struggle to associate god with the suffering they see . 
  one thing to consider is the different experiences people have of life , particularly their early years when we form our fundamental unconscious beliefs of what life and existence is . 
  for some those experiences were and are terrifying . 
  coming across the concept of eternity along with these experiences may be utterly terrifying to the point of mental breakdown - the question might arise `` is eternity like this '' .
