  it 's my sense from all the various things i 've read , it 's only a hypothesis though . 
  i mean , we 're very violent in general , more than we 're comfortable to acknowledge . 
  that we are beginning to recognise and acknowledge this reality i believe is a significant turn for us as a species . 
  but things were getting real crazy all over the world until lead was cut . 
  i would say it 's complex with many factors involved . 
  did ndt 's cosmos episode mention something similar ? 
  great , thanks !, 
  i have read that , and it 's interesting and compelling , however it is also thoroughly critiqued . 
  i do n't accept all the critique , but people smarter than me ( which does n't make them right - just more likely to be right than i am ) write off the hypothesis altogether . 
  yeah , mentioned a few times so far . 
  i really liked the book , but critiques have had a field day with it . 
  i suspect the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  there are numerous factors , definitely . 
  the internet obviously will have profound implications in coming years , particularly as children begin to be raised by adults who grew up with the internet , exposed to a much broader range of information and ideas than their parents . 
  massive feedback loop there . 
  nothing i can reference . 
  i 'm confident a google search will produce results , but i do n't have the time to find an article i would consider robust . 
  any single source , no matter how compelling , needs to be taken with a grain or several of salt . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  i used to love what game designers could produce with the limited resources available . 
  now with abundant computer resources and endless libraries ( pre-written code ) game quality seems to be more miss than hit . 
  it 's like poetry , sometimes the restrictions of the form is what drives creative expression . 
  i think there 's more research that supports my claim than yours . 
  alas i do n't have a meta-analysis on hand to support that claim so i guess i have to leave it at that . 
  i think science is much harder work when people have a stake in one conclusion or the other . 
  any science around human behaviour is highly contentious , because in the absence of science we have to form belief systems ( not religious , rather mundane day-to-day beliefs ) and often we place our identities in those system . 
  so some science comes along and refutes your probably unconscious belief system and suddenly you 're fighting for your identify . 
  or something . 
  it 's a compelling idea , but probably not as pronounced as levitt made out . 
  at least according to subsequent critique . 
  this is my own hypothesis based on a synthesis of my personal knowledge , i do n't offer any sources . 
  however you will see a number of scientific papers others posted in response to mine that support the idea . 
  here 's something :, 
  here 's one reference in case you did n't find any :, 
  here 's a study :, 
  / r/science, 
  i think you 're judgement . 
  all humans are evolved organisms doing the best they can with the resources available to them . 
  there 's probably reason other than coincidence . 
  i often wonder what it is the majority knows that i 'm still clueless about . 
  not sure if i could do that jeeeeeaaaaaooooorrrb . 
  thanks for the great list !, 
  one point :, 
   1984 is the rare book that is both commonly assigned to students and still a pleasure to read . 
  i 'm not sure `` pleasure '' is the right word here . 
  i read it as an adult ( 1984 is n't on the school curriculum where i live ) , i quickly devoured it then spent weeks not being able to sleep properly as my mind churned over what i had just read . 
  levitt certainly reached a lot of people !, 
  i suspect that 's in the top five . 
  but sound critique suggests that it 's not # 1 . 
  i 'm not familiar with any meta-analysis , but this paper is n't alone in its findings :, 
  lets hope it 's more about technology than police efficiency . 
  i 'd rather the police force have built in inefficiencies that help mitigate their ability to use their power over the citizenry . 
  it would seem so :, 
  what 's appealing about the idea of lead as a major factor is it affected large populations in a relatively consistent way . 
  social and cultural factors affect people in a highly diverse number of ways and the phenomena of crime dropping off around the '90s has been seen in a diverse range of cultures around the world . 
  also , have you seen the difference between a child 's hospital now and 50 years ago ? 
  it 's stark . 
  mt hobson is my favourite . 
  can get a bit brisk in the wind . 
  huh ? 
  more of a synthesis of what i 've read over the years , along with formal studies in point 2 . 
  here 's an example of the research i 've read that supports point 1 :, 
  good to see it 's a dk2 . 
  what happen ? 
  flatmates and i are playing good ole kiwi path of exile atm . 
  good times . 
  i 'd love to find a good fps , but i 'm a quake player and there 's been nothing like that around for awhile now ( except quake live which is well old school now . ), 
  tf2 hats gave a bit of boost to the game , but there were a lot of haters who came along . 
  i 'm such a fan of mnc and smnc , but once the game was dominated by vets the numbers started dropping . 
  i found myself player less because as fun as it was a game could be exhausting due to the high intensity battles with other vets . 
  noobs had no chance , just complained about the game till they got their hat and left . 
  is the practice of dividing by a very small number when you ca n't divide by zero actually standard in some forms of maths ? 
  some great lolz anyway . 
  the idea that we should be afraid has been sold long and hard since 9/11 , it 's not surprising people are buying it . 
  plenty , if you mean 30 second short stories :, 
  excellent idea . 
  is this your series ? 
  / r/justrolledintotheshop, 
  got the page saved . 
  yeah , toki is all feels . 
  can you point to something that is n't meaningless ? 
  that seems like an arbitrary distinction . 
  no it is n't . 
  a delusion is a belief that is contrary to observed reality . 
  beliefs in what can not be empirically observed is just the day-to-day reality we all have to deal with . 
  for example : `` i believe life is worth living . '', 
  can you prove that ? 
  is it a delusion if you can not ? 
  exactly why people engage the practices they do is incredibly diverse , and not particularly clear . 
  to say these people do that because of this , and this because of that ignores the complex reality of human behaviour and what motivates it . 
  definitions are functionality , but reality extends far beyond them . 
  i need to get back into it , but as players get better , competition increases and you have to work harder to remain competitive . 
  not what i 'm looking for after a long day at work . 
  i think i follow what you 're saying , it still seems the religious focus is arbitrary . 
  people use all kinds of means to get others to act in ways that benefits themselves . 
  exploiting our human nature , our desire to be connected and not abandoned is very effective . 
  religious beliefs can be used in this way , as well as many other things . 
  i maintain robust boundaries against such behaviour ; i think if i focused on the religious i would miss non-religious forms of coercion . 
  well , they might be meaningful to you ... 
  `` listen , morty , i hate to break it to you but what people call `` love '' is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed .
