  pakeha are lead architects of the nature and volume of racism in new zealand , which is the context within which the article was being written . 
  so when naming cultural impacts the author names her own identifications , and of course the dominant culture these identifications reside within . 
  pakeha are literally the scariest of the bunch to name . 
  a pakeha backlash is far greater to be feared due to its great potential for volume and scope . 
  indeed . 
  the author referred to groups , not individuals . 
   at it 's core the problem with racism is that it 's used to label individuals with some characteristics based on the race from which they are descended . 
  indeed . 
  the author referred to groups , not individuals . 
   no , ` we ' did n't . 
  okay margaret thatcher . 
  is he a tenant ( i.e. 
  signed onto the tenancy agreement ) or a flatmate ? 
  if he 's a tenant , she ca n't refuse entry . 
  if he 's a flatmate he needs to go to the disputes tribunal . 
  if she sells his stuff , he needs to take her to small claims court . 
  what does she know . 
  the future is dairy !, 
  dairy will be profitable by 2020 !, 
  if you let the fight go to the judges , you deserve the decision . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you 're saying there is no such thing as samoans , no such thing as indians , and no such thing as , of course , pakeha . 
  there are only individuals . 
  which is what margaret thatcher would have had us believe . 
  he could try the tenancy tribunal maybe . 
  i think the most straight forward approach is to show up and attempt to access the property . 
  if she attempts to physically prevent him , he should call the police and press charges . 
  either there is such a thing as pakeha , and pakeha are the dominant group with all that goes with that . 
  or there is no such thing , there are no pakeha , no indians , no samoans . 
  only individuals . 
  there is no dominant group and we all experience society equally . 
  which is it ? 
  i certainly like to be aware of the things i have the luxury of being ignorant of , given that i look and act like those who have most power and authority in our community . 
  no one knows that but me . 
  as such i get treated as if i did have that power , in various ways , to varying degrees . 
   the chain of events was farcical , a comedy of errors which left a number of government agencies and individuals embarrassed . 
  sadly , this seemed to fall on the inmates who were making good use of the program that smith escaped from , the ones who were n't exploiting any loopholes . 
  so , like everywhere else then . 
  season 1 was excellent . 
  looky-looky , i got hooky . 
  the problem is politicians would love to send politicians to jail . 
  it 's just that those with the power to do so will only jail those who disagree with them , further entrenching their power . 
  that 's ... weird . 
  my landlord is like that . 
  gets pissy when i demand notice when he comes around , including showing up when he says , not a day or so either side . 
  watches sports with us uninvited instead of doing the work he said he 'd come to do , calls women bitches , complains that we do n't work normal hours so he ca n't come over when we 're not home . 
  does all his own maintenance , and is a really mediocre craftsman . 
  both times a plumber/electrician has come around they 've found illegal work he 's done . 
  [ puts the rent up over 20 % ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsw9mlyu31g ) . 
  but shit , i 've got a good set up here , more or less . 
  it 's below my standards , but options are n't great in auckland . 
  hahaha , leap !, 
  good execution , poor dismount . 
  chicken parmesan . 
  this guy is a national hero . 
  wait , democracy is that thing where old white guys get what they want , right ? 
  if it 's a nice house and the room in genuinely big , $ 250 is n't much to ask . 
  i 'm jealous of anyone that has sweet digs for cheap . 
  there 's one where the guy filming him just walks off the bank with the large camera . 
  that 's my favourite of his . 
  expensive blooper . 
  exactly . 
  which nullifies your previous post . 
  your opinion has no scholarly support . 
  what we understand about genetics tells us there are many factors that influence behaviour . 
  indeed the same genes can express completely differently depending on environmental and developmental factors . 
  if only there was some [ effective historical precedent ] ( http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/culture/state-housing-in-nz ) we could look to ... 
  lots of booty . 
  someone will be !, 
  i have so many questions ... 
  totally , i saw the picture and immediately found myself back in primary school being fascinated and amazed by the stories . 
  such powerful illustrations and story telling . 
  what an amazing legacy . 
  these are my favourite ones . 
  in new zealand it 's 20 regular leave , 11-14 public holidays , 5 sick days for a full-time permanent employee . 
  @ # % $ being a juror . 
  that is amazing . 
  wow , i had forgotten about this movie . 
  is that duke nukem ? 
  pretty much everything is . 
  humans are much , * much * more messy and awkward than we like to think of ourselves . 
   is n't it time to rethink the ways we teach and what we are teaching ? 
  i wonder if instead of teaching and drilling equations we could provide scenarios where the calculations would be useful . 
  students could pick out the revelant figures , putting together the calculation for the app to solve providing a useful result in the described scenario . 
  i came across `` the walrus and the warwolf '' on my uncle 's bookshelf when i was a kid in the 90s . 
  i loved it , but could never get hold of the rest . 
  i should probably spend some time trawling second hand stores one day . 
  no , we look like a community of nzers , some willing to share insight and experience . 
  and others , clearly not . 
  you 'll find i can do what i like within the rules of the sub . 
  asking for advice is not against the rules . 
  enjoy being angry . 
  would all his cells need to be destroyed simultaneously , more or less ? 
  so for example , a fire might be to slow , with cells regenerating faster than they can be destroyed ? 
  yes , and we have n't seen the sum of this incarnation of harley either . 
  there 's plenty of time to expand the character . 
  clearly she 's a very powerful woman in suicide squad , i saw the relationship between her and joker as mutual . 
  we have it backwards for some reason . 
  we sell genuine health products ( multivitamins ) that should be only taken by informed consumers at the supermarket , and we have non-medicines ( such as homoeopathic remedies ) that do n't do anything one way or another sold by pharmacists . 
  i think that 's like saying antibiotics are n't medicine for people without an infection .
