  developers thinking about ux ? 
  obama 's ? 
  this was * our * trade deal with some regional partners that the us horned in on . 
  yeah , what do you think this is , some kind of community forum ? 
  this is / r/auckland , we do n't do community around here , if you 're looking for that move to / r/wellington !, 
  i wish i could tag this / s. 
  i really liked [ sing ong tai chi ] ( http://www.singongtaichi.com/ ) . 
  i did it for about 5 years . 
  developed fantastic reflexes and balance . 
  i intend to take it up again when the time is right . 
  while it 's very much an internal art , you will get to application after about 2 years . 
  you could try this website :, 
  yeah , i 'm up for that . 
  yeah , michael was who i learnt from too , he 's great . 
  this was a few years ago too , we might have crossed paths . 
  nc is n't far enough , prosecution is the way to go from what you 've described . 
  we should expect an increase of these types of stories , this type of behaviour . 
  nz 's community services have been gutted . 
  obviously some think such services are just nice things to have that can be taken away without consequence . 
  however for others such services are the only thing that tells them that our society is something other than a hateful place where their vulnerability can be exploited with impunity . 
  radio nz are doing great work . 
   why are some kiwi 's becoming so psychotic in their behaviour ? 
  life can be violent and brutal - particularly from a child 's perspective . 
  national has frozen or cut funding to a range of community services that help people deal with this . 
  what 's happening is the expected outcome . 
  that 's the first letter of the word i 've just tagged you with . 
  sorry , i thought your question was genuine . 
  that you 've flipped the question from something general `` psychotic behaviour '' to something specific `` fish hooks in playgrounds '' , i 'm guessing you 're more interested in smug judgement ? 
  do you think an angry kid whose parents are n't there for them thinks things through logically ? 
  what room is there for logic amongst chaos ? 
  to know if i can answer the question to your satisfaction , i need to ask you , what do you think the role of community health organisations are , why do we spend the money that we do ? 
  we ca n't stop people from acting like cunts , not if we want a free society . 
  so if we ca n't stop them , we have to understand why people are compelled to act like cunts . 
  the thing is , this is exactly what we have been doing for at least a century , in a serious scientific manner . 
  it 's a result of this research that community organisations are able to get government funding in the first place . 
  the children and community of that playground are the victims . 
  the justice system should do its work , i 'm not defending anyone . 
  so you do n't see any link between funding for community mental health services and community mental health ? 
  is wikipedia where you learnt about psychosis or is it just a useful reference ? 
   in this particular instance, 
  you seem to be projecting what would be your own motivations for such behaviour . 
  we do n't know why this person acted the way they did . 
  which is why i was answering specifically the general case . 
   so there are definitely more factors involved in psychotic acts than government spending cuts . 
  there are an abundance of factors . 
  you seem to be skirting the fact that it is completely sound to accept that reducing community mental health services will reduce the quality of mental health in the community . 
  do you know the quality of services being provided ? 
  what people are seeking help for in any specific way ? 
  or are these services a vague idea to you ? 
   we just need to find out exactly what those factors are . 
  why such a high standard ? 
  particularly when it is so hard to know * exactly * anything in behavioural science ? 
  i do n't think the government only spends money where there 's exact knowledge in other cases . 
  we do n't live and die by hard data , it seems only when it 's a marginalised group where money is to be spent that hard data is paramount . 
  the fact is we have done a lot of science in understanding these larger societal issues . 
  which is why these services get funding in the first place . 
  they 're not politically popular because it 's difficult to understand the issues and it 's hard to measure a nice neighbourhood economically , but they get funded anyway because they provide valuable service to society . 
  but they wither under a cynical government and so do our communities . 
  all i can tell from your post is you do n't have any background in social science . 
  am i wrong ? 
  your logic is unsuited for what you 're trying to understanding . 
  if we could rely on the logic of the layperson , we could do away with a lot of expensive , difficult scientific work . 
  despite me repeatedly telling you [ the question i was answering ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/36t6ri/what_could_possibly_compel_someone_to_put/crh1joq ) , you keep trying to twist my answer to be about something else . 
  well first , the behaviour you 've described are not instances of psychotic behaviour ( unless there were delusions that compelled the people to act they way they did , for example . ), 
  i was answering the specific question . 
  we can expect a rise in actual psychotic behaviour . 
  my assertion is based on a sound understanding of human behaviour developed by way of post-graduate academic study and a detailed understanding of the nature of the services that are facing cuts . 
  your objections appear to be based on ignorance and ideology . 
   and so where is your evidence to support your assertion ? 
  what 's your scientific background ? 
  i 'm joking , from your question i can tell you have no scientific background , at least none that extends beyond high school . 
  i could point to erikson 's psychosocial stages , but then you, 
   my assertion that there 's more to these behaviours than government spending cuts ? 
  this is true in all cases . 
  there is always more going on than we can ever observe . 
  it does n't add anything to the discussion . 
  it seems like you 're obfuscating because you do n't like what you hear but have no sound basis to refute it . 
   there 's no point trying to resort to ad hominems to support your claims . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm using ad hominem to question your ability to question my claim . 
  you do n't like what i claim , so you 're trying to play at scientist by asking for evidence , but you do n't understand what you are asking , how can your questions be answered ? 
   now you 've finally admitted that there 's more than just government spending cuts involved . 
  took you a while . 
  lol, 
  wow , such argument . 
  / facepalm, 
   you were quite adamant that it was the government that was the cause of said behaviours, 
  please quote me saying that the government was * the cause * of said behaviours . 
  except you ca n't because i did n't and i offer this as evidence that you are twisting what i am saying to fit your world view . 
  so you ca n't quote me , all you can do all demonstrate how you are twisting what i say to suit your arbitrary frame of understanding . 
  you want me to demonstrate a claim i 'm not making in a way that is n't possible . 
  i can only infer from this that despite your lack of any real understanding you want to dismiss my point of view . 
  to claim that community mental health will deteriorate as we reduce community mental health professional services is far from outlandish and some might even say the logical conclusion . 
  if you do n't understand that human behaviour and human mental health are intrinsically linked , then i 'm not sure how to proceed with this discussion . 
  `` sold '' sign ? 
  definitely auckland . 
  intermediate distribution frame . 
  you 're not saying anything different to what you 've already said , you 're still not demonstrating any insight . 
  all you 're doing is repeating `` i do n't like what you say , but have no basis to refute it . '', 
  you 're allowed to disagree with me .
