  i assume `` modernisation '' means coping with less resources . 
  they have some power - i broke my arm leaping one of these poorly once . 
  to be fair , this was partly due to me saving my cheese burger in the other hand . 
  are we done ? 
  i 'd really like to know why scientists need peer review while you do not . 
  you must be very special . 
  thank goodness it 's over - i hate listening to jury trials in the news . 
   claims scientists do n't either . 
  i do n't make that claim . 
  you 're being dishonest and putting words in my mouth . 
  scientists use rationality and recognise the limits of their capacity for rationality , hence the peer review system . 
   because i am not publishing in a scientific journal . 
  but you expect me to accept you as authoritative all the same ? 
  unless you are basing what you know on something you 've read in a scientific journal ? 
   nah , just somebody who does n't believe in your god . 
  i believe god is reality . 
  i ca n't imagine you can comprehend that because of your severe bias that you seem completely blind to . 
  i 'm not bound by rationality because i accept reality as it is rather than pretending it 's something it 's not . 
  and in reality humans are not completely rational beings . 
  you can pretend you are some god who is completely rational , i accept i am human . 
   that 's stupid and also it 's wrong because your definition of god does n't match the definition of reality . 
  you can make all the judgements you like , it does n't make them real . 
  i can all that i find to be real god if i like . 
  you have decided that unlike all other humans you are perfectly rational and as such you get to decree what people believe about god . 
  and you 're the one calling me irrational and stupid ? 
   i am using your definition of god and accepting at face value . 
  no you 're not . 
  i explained that my concept of god is complex and not easily defined . 
  god exists beyond my capacity for language . 
  yet you want me to give you words that are a final definition for god . 
  i can only assume because this allows you to fold your arms and smugly declare everyone who believes in something you do n't understand is wrong and stupid . 
  good work , hero . 
  you 're a solipsist . 
  and less , and less , and less . 
  while the wealth in our country grows and grows . 
  amongst the already wealthy . 
  i agree . 
  no doubt there are benefits to having everything concentrated , but we ca n't keep doing that forever . 
  does n't whangarei have one of the deepest ports in the world ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the region could use more industry . 
  i wonder what the state of those castaway depots are now days ... 
  allpress and altezano have the best beans imo . 
  you 'll be paying around ~ $ 50/kg i think . 
  `` the outcome corresponds less to expectations in war than in any other case whatsoever . '', 
  - livy . 
  what is it ? 
   with the zeitgeist offering scant protection to old-fashioned left-wing radicalism -- ** let alone revolutionary ecologism ** -- the party will either have to hunker-down and wait for the conservative tide to turn ; or , allow that same tide to carry it inexorably to the right . 
  all the while the impact of climate change looms larger and larger . 
  this is going to be one crazy century . 
  i wonder if there 's a pic of the text on the left ? 
  context can add a lot to art . 
  that 's cool . 
  i was at a conference a few years back that included some prominent polynesian psychotherapists . 
  it was interesting hearing about the grappling with values within communities that was going on , what was working , what was n't . 
  of particular interest was how ( at the time ) something like 2/3rds of polynesians in nz were under the age of 15 . 
  some serious issues were raised , but largely the sentiment was hopeful and positive . 
  i 've had a couple of letters so far . 
  i dunno ... getting involved with an actual community . 
  i wonder what proportion of houses earn more than the median full-time income per year ? 
  i really figured it was just the two us battling away . 
  it 's a little embarrassing what i find gratifying . 
  hahaha . 
  you 're not interested in understanding an alternative perspective to your own are you ? 
  you really are a solipsist . 
  huh , i thought rationalism was a paramount value for you . 
  yet here you are an irrational atheist . 
  if being rational was the utmost virtue you adhered to , surely you would be a agnostic . 
  but you know that there is n't a god , something you do n't define . 
  how is it rational to claim something undefined does not exist ? 
   i am very interested . 
  please let me know when you come with other definitions of god . 
  do you have eternity ? 
  it 'll just a bit longer than that . 
  we could accept that god is beyond definition , but then you would n't get to play the definition playing game . 
  you 're such a liar . 
  interested my ass . 
   you are using that word but you do n't know what it means . 
  you define your own reality . 
  you 're a solipsist . 
   how so ? 
  because you believe does not god exist . 
  and as you say ... 
   no the rational stance is not to believe anything until sufficient evidence is presented . 
  as such the rational stance would be to say `` i do n't know if god exists . '', 
   all undefined things do n't exist, 
  really ? 
  so you 're saying before human consciousness existed sufficiently to define things , the universe did n't exist ? 
   i am accepting your definitions at face value . 
  my definitions are a few words on the screen . 
  to understand them you must bring your own capacity for understanding , your education background , your history , your culture , your upbringing . 
  so no , you 're not understanding my definitions at face value . 
  different people take different meaning from different words . 
  are you in your 50s or 60s ? 
  or were raised by older people ? 
  because you have a real modern understanding of knowledge - i.e. 
  about 100 years out of date . 
  post-modern understandings provide much more utility than modern ones , where the universe was composed of particles and everyone could be fit into a box . 
  girl , boy , white , black , rich , poor . 
  that kind of thing . 
  we know better now days .
