  that 's what makes them principles . 
  if student well being is a principle , and i would insist this of schools , expulsion for expected behaviours is against this principle . 
  you might have a reaction to me saying that drug use is an expected behaviour in children , but this is observed reality as unhappy as that might make you feel . 
  studies repeatedly show that teen drug use is much higher than the rate at which students are punished for its use . 
  you are welcome to live in whatever fantasy you like . 
  observed reality is where i live . 
  it sounds like that because you live in a supportive community you get to ignore the plight of all those that do n't . 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  do you consider all the children who go to the same school as yours part of your community ? 
  i guess not , because you would expel a child who acted in a way you thought was harmful rather than gather them in and offer them care and insight . 
  hey , if all you have are insults left , i guess we know who has exhausted their insight . 
  well , feel free to go back to drug-free fantasy land where everyone is happy and only bad people cause harm . 
  maybe i should point out that i 'm in my 30s with social science training . 
  but it 's your fantasy , feel free to believe i 'm a 15 year old dope fiend . 
  so you are saying that offering compassion and education is equivalent to turning a blind eye ? 
  that the only suitable consequence is to eject offenders from your loving community ? 
  speaking on knowing how things work , how do you know what works ? 
  science does n't seem to be of much value to you . 
  do you think expelling children from school has n't been tried ? 
  that this is a new approach that will work ? 
  yes , because i believe the school is doing ** more ** harm . 
  is that the right approach ? 
  address harm with harm ? 
  if the school said the student has to face serious consequences that involved keeping the student in their school community , i would not have the same response . 
  that you do n't see the value of treating children with compassion comes as no surprise to me . 
  based on what evidence ? 
  anecdotes are n't appropriate here . 
  many people break the law , go to court , and for the good of the individual and community they are discharged without conviction . 
  if you love the law more than children , i get it . 
  otherwise i do n't . 
  and we come to why i support this parent having a go at this school board . 
  because the school board is using their power arbitrarily instead of in a way that adheres to the principle of student well being . 
  and as an adult i would expect to face the consequences for not having learnt that lesson if i chose to break the law . 
  but children are different . 
  even before they started smoking pot their brains simply ca n't be expected to think in the same way as an adult . 
  we need to be the adults for them and we need to bear the consequence when we fail in this regard . 
  i guess that 's for the courts to decide now . 
   why do we hide the truth to a basic part of being human and struggle so much with explaining it to our kids ? 
  it 's probably more accurate to say `` fundamental '' rather than `` basic '' . 
  sexuality in any species is a complex affair , exceedingly so with humans . 
  you could reduce the answer to your question to shame really . 
  many of the worst things you can call a person are related to sexuality . 
  take into account that not only adults can experience and pursue sexual pleasure , but children also and you very quickly end up in territory few dare tread . 
  what do you think they 'll be talking about really ? 
  i am assuming , given the willingness to spying and use extra-judicial killings in the manner the us has , it will be obama laying on the story about how the world is on the brink and if we 're not all controlled and contained it 's all over . 
  that 's the only reason i can think why jk can be some brazenly accepting of our behaviour and that of the us , both in domestically and internationally . 
  where 's david lange when you need him ? 
  it could be a cover that goes down in history , depending on how significant of an impact vr is . 
  sshhh ... let me believe there 's still a little bit of innocence left in this world . 
  i was thinking more of his principled approach to international and domestic policy . 
  specifically standing up for nz 's right not to have to accommodate nuclear weapons . 
  it seems dragnet domestic and international spying , and its consequences could use a similar principled approach . 
  alas , sometimes the world as we wish it is not the world as it is . 
  there are a number of circumstances that can arise that lead a person to be born or grow up asexual . 
  just as there are many species that reproduce asexually . 
  however we are a species that reproduces sexually and its a dominant aspect of our makeup , this is inescapable . 
  most leaders ... 
  i wonder what john key 's best points are ? 
  everything positive coming out of the country at the moment can be put down to factors other than government policy . 
  as far as i can tell jk 's biggest contribution is selling us out to the us . 
  i 'm more concerned about my own country than others . 
  there are plenty of things that are acceptable in other countries that are n't here ( like universal unique identifiers for individuals . ), 
  i wish the national government paid more attention to health science . 
  but i think they 're rather not concern themselves with the impact funding cuts and freezes on community has on the vulnerable . 
  gay marriage would have happened under any government . 
  and while i 'm glad for those who benefit from the change , i think things like kiwibank and kiwisaver have much broader benefits . 
  legitimising illegal domestic dragnet spying is far more serious than sending support troops overseas . 
  even the work we did overseas was under the pretext of ensuring the sovereignty of the local populaces . 
  yet we are now denying ourselves that sovereignty by ensuring we wo n't be able to make our own choices without having big brother watching to make sure we 're making the right choices . 
  yes , politics involves value judgements , you 've heard mine . 
  illegal spying kills me . 
  i ca n't be who i am if i think what i am doing is being watched . 
  i 'm not unique in this , this is a well understood phenomena . 
  you might be right that another leader would be following the same trajectory . 
  and they would be due the same criticism . 
  yeah , lets focus on that , illegal dragnet spying is n't really an issue . 
  i 'll give key credit for not screwing up marriage reform if you like . 
  but he 's the one in position of authority now and he is screwing up our country 's involvement with a draconian spy program . 
  geez , there has to be something else he 's done , surely ? 
  hahahah , that 's a good one . 
  you might be correct about nuclear technology , but not about nuclear weapons or nuclear powered weapons ( like subs . ), 
  that 's an issue of values , not technology . 
  money is a great issue to discuss in therapy . 
  in psychoanalytic/psychodynamic therapy more sessions is generally better , particularly if you are relatively high functioning and can tolerate the intensity additional sessions can bring . 
  i know jack about submarines and about nuclear advancements to submarines . 
  it 's not what 's at issue . 
  some people take issue with nuclear energy being used for weapons . 
  a sub is a weapon , a nuclear powered sub is a nuclear powered weapon . 
  this might be an environmental issue for some , but for others it 's an issue of human values and how we use power over each other . 
  you got angry quickly . 
  shares in a uranium mine somewhere ? 
  your life must be a very angry one , i do n't envy you . 
  annoyed ? 
  you called me a fucking idiot and rambled on about something unrelated to what i was discussing . 
  you seem more than a little upset about something . 
  yeah , we broke it . 
  i think posting anything in srs that is n't hysteria gets you banned . 
  i know i 'm bad because i think differently to the people who think gathering and analysing meta data is acceptable . 
  i 'm so fucked . 
  it would be interesting how a labour-green government would respond to this .
