  lolz , you 're pointing out just how you 're twisting my words . 
  unless you can quote the inhuman bit ? 
  no you ca n't . 
  so link to the post where i said it . 
  you know , the inhuman bit where i explicitly say people who do n't reproduce are n't humans . 
  of course , you ca n't because you are twisting my words . 
  lolz , what a joker . 
  if you 're not twisting my words , you will be able to quote me saying just what you claim i said . 
  otherwise you are literally twisting my words . 
  which is what you are doing , because i never said , nor meant what you claim i said . 
  lolz , you 're hilarious . 
  i ca n't believe you do n't realise you 're proving just what i 'm claiming . 
  the word `` inhuman '' could not be found in that link . 
  nor is there any claim that those who do not have children are not human . 
  you just demonstrated that you are twisting my words . 
  this is the twisting process you 're describing here . 
  i said one specific thing , you are trying to make out i mean something more . 
  i assume in an attempt to devalue my position , given you lack anything of substance to support your own . 
  if you were interested in the discussion you would accept me telling you i do not mean what you say . 
  but you are only interested in being right , so you refuse . 
  * sigh *, 
  language is a way of communicating what is meant . 
  it 's not perfect . 
  what someone says when they say `` human '' for example may come with a lot of different meaning , even though the same object is being discussed . 
  what i 'm saying is something that we could spend a significant amount of time unpacking the meaning of , if we were so inclined . 
  this is what i mean by grow up . 
  instead of engaging in the discussion , you 're jumping on whatever you can to assure yourself you are right and i am wrong . 
  it demonstrates the weakness of your position . 
  and also your ego in that you can not bear such weakness to be shown . 
  that 's not what i did . 
  and i 'm not backtracking . 
  all i am doing to refuting your claim that i said someone who does n't want children is inhuman . 
  it seems you 're the one trying to whip up emotion . 
  that and your claims that supporting people 's freedom to have children equates to child abuse . 
  so i 'll beg your pardon . 
  more fm were damn fools . 
  it seems like the backlash would be obvious and unwanted for the station . 
   abim also refused to provide the 2014 salary it paid abim president and ceo rich baron , perhaps the most dickensian name since dickens . 
  such a rich and wonderful culture being ground away by western colonialism . 
  egg always must be perfect . 
  probably the only thing i 'll send back if not done just right . 
  ( when buying a fancy breakfast - i take what i get when buying eggs , toast , bacon , tomato for $ 6 . 
  unless in the us , any dive of a diner seems to be able to produce perfect eggs every time for just a couple of bucks . ), 
  it 's almost like musical chairs where i live . 
  the neighbourhood cats eat my cats ' food , my cats eat my neighbours ' food . 
  it 's funny , cause i can tell when a neighbourhood cat is sneaking in , because the cat door makes much less noise . 
  so normal it requirements then ( quick , easy , free . ), 
  sounds like a tricky job , good luck !, 
  indeed . 
  there is a difference between large scale international websites , and small scale regional websites . 
  the more fm website is much more accessible to your average kiwi than / r/photoshopbattles . 
  as such , more care needs to be considered in the content being hosted locally as there is an increased likelihood for local offence . 
  i 'm being cynical ( not critical , just to be clear . ), 
  you used a couple of magic words i often hear for it requirements , specifically `` urgent '' and `` easily '' . 
  what you 're asking for does n't sound straight forward . 
  it 's a bit of an odd requirement too . 
  i 'm guessing there is some app or service that 's been introduced that will only work with 64bit office ? 
  it sounds like you need to find some silent way of executing an upgrade process remotely . 
  i 'm not sure what 's available for office , particularly that specific form of upgrade ( from 32bit to 64bit . ), 
  someone particularly skilled and experienced in this specific area could come up with an elegant solution . 
  but they may be too busy getting paid stacks of cash to give you a response . 
  you might get lucky however !, 
  this movie was very formative for me when i was a kid . 
  thanks to my creepy family , escape was a common theme on my young mind . 
  i was too young to understand the film , but the nature of the escape , what they were escaping from and what they escaped to left some weird , not easily defined impression . 
  i do n't think so . 
  a sheepskin would take the entire skin , not just a bit from the side and ankle . 
  orion health seems to fit in that list , just went public for a cool $ billion , dominates the international health data industry . 
  wynard group sounds plain creepy :, 
   wynyard group 's ground-breaking technology allows law enforcement agents and groups to quickly sift through vast arrays of data , much of which is unstructured , and draw connections between people and events . 
  `` vast arrays of data '' sounds like surreptitiously gathered meta-data . 
  out of curiosity , how many machines require this change ? 
  i love posts like this where their interest factor is genuinely mild . 
  me too . 
  it both keeps me amped about the movie , while revealing very little about the movie . 
  all that 's revealed so far that i can tell is deadpool is the deadpool we know and love . 
  i hope they do it in a way so it 's unclear whether he 's breaking the fourth wall , or just crazy . 
  i used to wonder why monasteries were so far away . 
  now i think it 's because they function away from the ebb and flow of popular opinion and focus themselves on the deeper concerns of human existence that stretch across the ages . 
  `` when [ minority group ] wants [ thing ] , it 's [ bad thing ] ; when [ dominant group ] wants [ thing ] it 's [ good thing ] . '', 
  the whole world over . 
  spending money on hippy ideals that impact legitimate hard working job creating heroes who we owe everything to ? 
  no , that wo n't do . 
  yeah we need some kind of , well i do n't know , knowledge economy ? 
  i thought this suggestion here was a good one :, 
  perhaps the issue is something else , a difference between the old and new machines you have n't identified . 
  have you confirmed upgrading a machine from 32bit office to 64bit does actually resolve the problem ? 
  perhaps if we want them to apologise for the armenian genocide we can show them the way by apologising for our trespass ? 
  soft power is all that 's really available to nz . 
  we ca n't get our way by stomping around the world , or cutting off needed resources . 
  the best we can do is show up others ' indecency by being decent ourselves . 
  i suspect campbell live 's main target is moving away from broadcast television . 
  whereas tvnz 's main target are ... what 's the word ... booming . 
  and mr hosking is telling them just what they want to hear . 
  that 's some shakespearian shit right there . 
   * `` i am the same person as / u/fauxmosexual [ -1 ] . '', 
  hahaha . 
  actual quote :, 
   [ wrong that i am the same person as / u/fauxmosexual \\ [ -1 \\ ] . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/31l4sr/goodnight_sweet_prince/cq4jaar ),
