  i 'm not sure what you 're on about really . 
  there 's nothing horrible working a cashier job and many people would be grateful for the work . 
  it 's not work of last resort by any measure . 
  but a kid ca n't even expect to deliver the local newspaper these days . 
  those girls must have been chasing a damn exciting travel story to head out with some local they 've met in those conditions . 
  hopefully they 've just sailed off somewhere awesome and are living it up . 
  i bet it works twice as well with alcohol free booze !, 
  you wo n't meet anyone being isolated . 
  go exploring , find new hobbies that involve others . 
  perhaps do some self-improvement work as well . 
  if you are n't deeply involved in a community you wo n't have people around to rub off your rough edges , things that make it harder to easily connect with others . 
  i think direction and discipline are things that are learnt and beneficial , but the biggest benefit i think is the community and shared connection with others . 
  learning that the world can be a place where one can fit in and be accepted . 
  of course , kids likely to get involved in crime typically come from a violent or disruptive background . 
  developing authority over one 's own body in a controlled environment is no doubt a god-send for some kids . 
  i 've never had bacon and mustard . 
  i guess it ca n't be too different from ham and mustard , but it does n't seem ... natural . 
  an rpg with deep ai . 
  every living thing has a complete life cycle , with your actions rippling through the engine rather than being flags of choices made . 
  most gpus capable of high end graphics should be sufficient power to run it . 
  i do n't think there are many options that fit your specific requirements , looks like you got suggestions that were the nearest to what you 're after . 
  xcom is the closest i can think of , but i had n't heard of space siege so maybe that 's better . 
  probably a mediocre game though if it has n't hit my radar . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've played a game i 've thought highly of that i did n't hear about near launch . 
  i 'm sure there are a few , hence i couched my statement with `` probably '' . 
  if it 's specifically what you 're after though , it 'd be worth a go anyhow given limited alternatives . 
  there 's a general absence of quality sci-fi rpgs . 
  my preference would be traditional d&d style rpgs over arpgs , but i 'd take the latter over nothing . 
  i keep my eye out for this kind of stuff . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  i bought a 12 year old car for less than $ 5k 8 years ago and it still does the business . 
  it 's an enjoyable ride , abs brakes have bailed me out a few times . 
  i suspect it 's our good supply of reliable japanese cars combined with our economic sense that makes second hand cars so popular in nz . 
  i think you misunderstand the nature of charming . 
  if it was n't held in more esteem , it would n't be . 
  this is nz$ , the car is a rare semi-performance model . 
  it 's not just a drive-about . 
  you 're looking around nz$ 10k for a late model car with very low k 's on the clock . 
  but for the kind of car i 'd like to drive would start around nz$ 35-40k . 
  none of this suziki swift or ford mondeo business . 
  dow2 is definitely an rts , just a contemporary one . 
  it 's largely based on the company of heroes engine , same cover and squad dynamics , different weapon effects and heroes being the main difference . 
  classic rts games are largely about who can amass an overwhelming force first . 
  this newer style is much more about controlling the map . 
  to be successful you need to become skilled at micromanagement and combined arms . 
  retreat your squads !, 
  it 's a learning curve , but if you 're an rts and warhammer fan , it 's well worth it . 
  i get what you 're saying , but labels are n't reality and people can and do call themselves what they want . 
  there are no formal definitions for these things . 
  it 's just a matter of whether you want people to take you seriously or not . 
  only cause of shitty employment laws . 
  employers are in an inherently powerful position , laws are required to balance that power . 
  much of the developed world has these laws in place , the us still seems to heavily favour the employer though . 
  if my boss wants me to come in on saturday that can be negotiated , but it ca n't be expected . 
  if i refused and i was summarily dismissed i would be rubbing my hands all the way to the bank . 
  few humans like to be completely alone , without intimate connections for long . 
  we 're wired that way . 
  of course , intimacy does n't have to come from a life partner , many people enjoy the fleeting connections they make travelling . 
  perhaps develop some deeper intimacy with the missus , start a conversation with `` you know , sometimes i just feel like quitting and travelling the world '' and see where that goes . 
  if you really do have a good relationship , your missus is probably the best person to help you understand what 's going on for you . 
  i envy the srs crowd . 
  must be nice believing it 's other people who are the ones that cause all the pain . 
  see i figure pain is part of life . 
  we hurt each other , we heal each other . 
  that 's life . 
  in addition to the helpful replies you got , it should be clear we project * all the time * . 
  it 's much easier to work with what 's outside of you than what 's inside . 
  it 's very useful . 
  for example you can project your distress into something inanimate or at least non-human and then care for that distress - essentially caring for yourself in a way that does n't require you to acknowledge the hurt . 
  of course our psychological defences and functions do n't work one at a time . 
  when you get projection with strong denial or something like that , stuff gets messy . 
  small firms , medium firms ... 
  i suspect a good number of companies not in the public eye push around their employees . 
  employers are in an inherent position in power and power acts powerfully . 
  this is why we have laws in nz to provide a balance of power . 
  all that 's required for change is for people to know their rights . 
  part onus on them , part onus on the government . 
  government is probably in the best position to make a difference though . 
  should have stayed there a bit longer , documented the practices and raised a complaint with the era . 
  employer gets censured , others who hear about it tighten up their act a little , employees probably get a payout . 
  wins all around . 
  that sounds well fair . 
  definitely a balls up not checking that contract though !, 
  you 're twisted , mate . 
  how do you sleep at night ? 
  i think if it was the boss doing to their subordinates where they have to have a sense of humour if they do n't want to risk their job it would be an issue . 
  but employees ribbing their boss who can discipline them if they 're out of line ? 
  i think that 's okay , there 's no vulnerability being exploited . 
  i think it 's fair to want to be desired and to want to have that desire expressed , and it 's fair to be discontent when not getting that . 
  of course , direct communication is the most assured way of getting what you want . 
  adults ca n't expect children to grow up if they do n't get involved !, 
  i anticipated this response ; it 's not certain , just the most assured . 
  it does n't magically make unreasonable people reasonable . 
  with anyone it 's a roll of the dice any time you communicate as to what kind of response you 'll get , but with some it 's closer to russian roulette . 
  when i find myself in a relationship with such a person i find myself out of it , or i maintain firm boundaries . 
  certainly i do n't anticipate intimacy . 
  i 've already seen vanilla sky and worked through my `` is this really real ? '', 
  issues . 
  maybe he 's celebrating the end of school , not realising the kick in the balls working life is gon na be ? 
  ( i do n't think working life is that bad myself , but i live in one of them socialist type countries , just taking a guess . ),
