  `` what 's that ? 
  your father is a pedophile and your mother is sadistic ? 
  well , pull your socks up and deal with it ! '', 
  certainly that 's really the only option for children growing up in such an environment . 
  there 's no support for adults who grow up to discover they 've been fucked over in their family environment and they do n't actually have what they need to meet societal demands , to be responsible adults . 
  in the absense of new insight and support , all that 's left is to repeat the cycle of abuse , neglect and trauma . 
  the first time this kind of behaviour came to light was when freud started to do the unthinkable and began listening to women . 
  he originally published that there was a large amount of child sex abuse in the upper echelons of viennese society . 
  obviously he was force to recant and infamously published his ideas of women 's tendency to fantasize and secretly wish for sexual violence ( ?! ), 
  which was much more palatable to the powers that be . 
  that requires a decoder and working aerial !, 
  yeah , it played up for us too . 
  been watching it all day no problems then in the last few overs it went to shit . 
  managed to see the last delivery at least . 
  it 's not * about * selling to developers . 
  the houses may eventually be sold to developers . 
  but that 's not what it 's about . 
  amirite , john key ? 
  i think while we purchase cheap chinese manufactured goods chinese emissions are our emissions . 
  according to traditional christian theology the israelites demanded the law resulting in the ten commandments , rather than god imposing the law . 
  christ in turn fulfils the law , meaning that people do not need to feel bound by it . 
  what you 're describing is tv christianity , where common tropes have overtaken actual theology . 
  certainly there are churches formed around these popular beliefs rather than traditional ones . 
  that 's funny because contemporary mental health practice encourages people to make use of traditional religious and spiritual practices where those appeal to the individual . 
  i 'm talking about traditional doctrine . 
  most of history most christians could n't read the bible . 
  individual beliefs is a fairly contemporary movement - starting with the reformation . 
  it could be argued this is a direct outcome of christian theology - rather than having to make sure one is perfectly aligned with some religious doctrine , one is free to find one 's own way of relating with god . 
  because the law is fulfilled . 
  that does seem reasonable . 
  user pays is tricky . 
  if you have a consumer product like tvs , they would come with a carbon cost that is static for the sales cycle of that product . 
  you could only reduce the cost of products so much because of the static carbon price , meaning that you could n't sell as many older models at a lower price , meaning they remain unsold and the carbon unpaid for . 
  it 's all very complex . 
  i think the best way would be paying for carbon at its point of production - but i probably only think that because i 'm ignorant of a number of other factors . 
  `` i said consummate v 's ! '', 
  it depends . 
  i am i giving a gift , or an obligation ? 
  if it 's a gift , they can do what they like . 
  no it would n't , that 's not a claim you can substantiate . 
  there are dominant traditions that have much more shared than varied . 
  it 's not accurate to say there 's no such thing as traditional christian doctrines , not if you were to discuss the theology in an academic sense . 
  it 's possible to think about religious beliefs and tradition without getting caught up in how `` real '' those beliefs are . 
  you 're completely wrong about the biggest factions , i get the feeling you 're going to have to look up orthodoxy to know what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm only fit for conversing with trolls , really . 
  one would be deluded if they thought they knew what other people actually believe . 
  just because some idiots believe the cooked up tv version of various faiths , it does n't mean those are the actual beliefs and practices of those faiths . 
  it sounds like what you 've done is conjured up some ridiculous notion and decided that 's what all people who profess a religious belief as believing your invented notion . 
  thus you have a basis for declaring religious beliefs insane . 
  not realising your conception of these beliefs and the actual beliefs may vary considerably . 
  which of course you are welcome to do if that gives you comfort . 
   there is no need to guess , people tell you what they believe . 
  who have you asked ? 
  how are you sure they represent all those you have n't asked ? 
   i realize that every so called religious person picks and chooses the parts of the bible they like and ignores the rest . 
  how did you come to realise this ? 
  through academic study and training ? 
  or because of something you saw on the simpsons ? 
   they believe in a god , that 's irrational . 
  that would depend on how one defines god . 
  besides , holding irrational beliefs is n't in of itself irrational . 
  it can be very healthy to believe things that ca n't be known . 
  `` life is worth living '' is an example of an irrational belief that a person might hold despite evidence to the contrary . 
   in my lifetime i have asked thousands of people . 
  that 's a very small , heavily biased sample size . 
  have you done anything to account for your bias or do you believe you have the wisdom of gods ? 
   there is no definition of god i have heard which is not both contradictory and irrational and as i said i have heard thousands . 
  i am keen to hear your definition of it since you seem to believe your definition is rational . 
  god is what exists in me , exists in you , exists in the universe . 
  that will work for today . 
  maybe tomorrow it will be something different . 
  i do n't feel bound by rationalism . 
  what 's important to me is being effective , maximising my agency . 
   that 's mental illness . 
  you do n't get to decide what mental illness is . 
  apparently to join officer training in the local armed forces , one of the basic entrance tests is to be able to stand on one foot with your eyes closed for a minute . 
  i tried , it 's surprisingly hard . 
   no it 's not . 
  it 's a perfectly acceptable sample size for polling . 
  for what purpose ? 
  believing what you like and pretending it 's true . 
  because that 's what you 're doing , ironically . 
  well your `` polling '' is inadequate . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  yet somehow you are assured you are , without any basis but your assurances . 
  aside from `` polling '' . 
  this was my quip about the wisdom of the gods . 
  you seem assured you 're in a position of special knowledge . 
  that somehow through means unknown you are in a position of great authority that needs no basis . 
  i did n't say i did n't care about rationality . 
  i said i was n't bound by it . 
  because i know the limits of its utility . 
  i 'm very effective at being rational when it 's useful , as it often is . 
   nonsense . 
  thousands of people is a very good sample size . 
   you should learn about this stuff when you get a chance . 
  what 's the p value of your sample result ? 
  how do you account for your bias ? 
  i have `` learnt this stuff '' if you mean academic study , statistical research . 
   there are no gods .
