  understanding how we understand , how we exist in the circumstances we find ourselves is a bit of a rabbit hole though . 
  quantum physics is n't the only science that has ... strange qualities . 
  i do n't see my view as cynical because i do n't see self-interest as a bad thing . 
  in fact , i think the world would be a happier place if everyone accepted and owned their self-interest instead of acting pious and puffed up when they feel they 've act selflessly , or making out their actions are for others when they 're not . 
  i 'm not saying that everyone who acts in ways typically considered selfless always do act in such ways , but the persistence of the idea allows the behaviour to perpetuate . 
  you could reduce what i 'm saying to a logical argument , being that we always have a self so we can never act selflessly . 
  to say someone can act selflessly would be saying we can observe agentless actions , which definitionally is false . 
  for something to be an action it has to be performed by an agent , otherwise it 's just an event . 
  we can of course construct frames where one can act selflessly , but our frames are constructs we create for a purpose , not reality . 
  i can think of , and hope i engage in , many different examples . 
  i hope my life is filled with many forgotten moments where i would never be able to identify the personal benefit i gain from the energy i expended for another . 
  because i believe both on a conscious level and on an unconscious evolutionary level this contributes to a healthier society that i benefit from . 
  it * is * logically incoherent to talk about selfless acts as far as i 'm concerned , in the truest sense . 
  the best i can come up with as a true selfless act would be to change the state of some inanimate object that is of no value to anyone that has no meaningful result . 
  like rotating a uniform cube . 
  no one noticed it happened , it changes nothing , you got nothing from the action . 
  the idea that we can be selfless is of poor utility . 
  those who act for others without thought gain nothing from it , and at leaves open an avenue for those who act for others so they can present themselves as virtuous . 
  that 's cryptic ... 
  my point is , if we stop pretending we 're selfless , we can accept that a person would take a high level , demanding job for reasons other than a big cash payment . 
  we can understand that people are capable of enjoying more abstract , intangible benefits from their efforts . 
  yeah , sure , it 's all about a particular administration . 
  do n't worry , an election is coming after which all things will be fixed !, 
  rinse , recycle , repeat . 
  the store sell a good baguette . 
  they 're in britomart , the viaduct , takapuna , kohimarama and st heliers . 
  i mean , i 've never been to france , so how good they are i 'm not sure . 
  [ radio nz ] ( http://radionz.co.nz ), 
  [ al jazeera ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/watch_now/ ) for live news . 
  what 's it all about , alfie ? 
  that sounds like a dream come true for the involved geologists and other scientists . 
  this happens to me when trying to hold complex , nested concepts in my head . 
  as i get deeper normal stuff not related to that structure begin to lose meaning and i can be flat out derp until i 've managed to pull myself out of what i 'm working on . 
  one reason why i find it better not to view life and the world through the frame of good & evil . 
  this is where you must prove you have conformed . 
  with sufficient mindfulness training one can rise above suffering and pleasure , instead dispassionately observing their experience as it happens . 
  for me faith in god is n't that god exists . 
  god 's existence is self-apparent just in the way bradbury says . 
  the faith i have is that god is good . 
  that all this is something wanted and desirable . 
  this requires faith as in our own little segment of the universe we exist in , it may seem very much the opposite of this . 
  some people know hell . 
  kiwi fighting for foreign forces ... take his passport !, 
   now , he says they display `` not identical but similar characteristics '' to monis . 
  we are told they are `` disenfranchised , sometimes mentally unwell , susceptible to the sorts of messages that isis are pumping out . '', 
  great , so we can expect more funding for our mental health services ? 
  oh , wait , this is a power grab , not concern for nzers . 
  it feels formidable , just from the pic !, 
  i 've always wanted to do see a subtle ps where the lightbulb is swapped out with this package . 
  it certainly has some unexpected results when calculating for [ negative potato ] ( http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/negative_potato ) . 
  i thought i was going to have to hunt for this . 
  but here it is at the top . 
  could it be , i 'm actually normal ? 
  wtf ? 
  ssshh , it 's still too soon for me after his last fight . 
  it depends on your therapist 's mode of practice and your goals . 
  my personal view from the little you have described would be that the therapy is really just getting underway . 
  it sounds like you 've made great progress but this could be the tip of the iceberg . 
  the connection you have made with the therapist is what will allow you to do challenging depth work that would n't be possible with someone you 're uncertain about . 
  your post sounds like good grist for the mill , raise it with your therapist if you can . 
  i 'm sure it does , but those who get caught up did n't start off with a six-figure salary , so there was n't much story . 
  it 's certainly not the first such story . 
  i 've seen worse where the local machine was hijacked as a porn router , so there was evidence on the machine . 
  `` poor sap gets fucked '' is n't the kind of thing people care to read about usually . 
  bbq is still going on . 
  tapped into something deep . 
  i think you 're getting off lightly if you 're only disappointed . 
  i 've submitted this because it is something that is happening across our community services for the past few years , services that intelligent people close to ground recognise provide more value than cost . 
  cuts and then more cuts are being demanded of our dhbs and ngos offering community health services . 
  unfortunately in most cases it is only other community workers who see the problem with these cuts , not respected lawyers , so we rarely hear about it . 
  honestly , given john key 's acknowledgement that mental health issues contribute to `` terrorist '' behaviour and how his government is overseeing such degradation of our services , i have to wonder if the hope is someone will act out in a serious way , further justifying the strengthening of the surveillance state . 
  i appreciate your points , but you are missing the points i 'm trying to get across . 
  one point is this is an example of necessary services being cut , one that only stands out because of a group of lawyers trying to make a difference . 
  i do n't particularly know about lifewise , but often these ngos get government funding to support their work . 
  that this service is being cut fits with the current environment of community health service funding reductions . 
  my comment regarding terrorists directly relates to a recent statement jk made about how terrorist-types are understood to have mental health problems . 
  i 'm highlighting the disingenuous nature of this statement and the general political climate around terrorism , given our mental health services are so lacking . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not the only one reading this thinking `` why did they keep important stuff visible in their car '' ? 
  sorry , that does n't help your friend any . 
  it must be really disappointing for them , again , i 'm sorry . 
  auckland is already half way there . 
  many people already struggle to afford to live in the city where they work . 
  and wealthy . 
  i am a 34 year old gamer from nz . 
  i 've got dow2 , just not installed right now . 
  i 'll add you to steam , should be able to organise a game sometime . 
  i use snap . 
  seems good ? 
  four of us plus the media server seem to get by okay . 
  [ truenet ] ( https://www.truenet.co.nz/articles/october-2014-urban-broadband-report ) is probably your best bet for objective data . 
  is your job a computer game with cars as peripherals ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  they are able to deliver , at least in some cases as their mars mission demonstrated . 
  great cosplay , # 4 is my favourite because of the smile . 
  if you try you can reverse the direction it looks like he 's spinning . 
  she 's only as accountable if he holds her to account . 
  if this guys wants anything different it 's only him who can do something about it . 
  yup . 
  basically the person parking made an error , then the ticket issuer made an error . 
  seems to even out if you ask me .
