  i wonder if they 've given it any asimov to read yet ? 
  maybe we should do away with the nation-state paradigm altogether ? 
  we 're all one people right ? 
  maybe it should be `` if you can get there , you can live there '' ? 
  would that solve any problems ? 
  would it cause any ? 
  you forgot to mention similar bigoted , poorly thought out ideas . 
  that kind of stove top is the worst ... 
  making bank . 
  there is plenty that we could be doing , within what we can afford , that could be improving the situation . 
  we have the knowledge and capacity to provide basic fundamental needs for growing humans to ensure optimal development as resources allow . 
  but we 're not . 
  the resources are being withheld and the dominant reason by far is politics . 
  whether we have the appropriate sophisticated measures in place or not is a smoke screen . 
  it 's a bit far out , but port charles in the coromandel has the darkest skies i 've ever seen . 
  only time i 've seen starlight cast a shadow . 
  i 'm sceptical . 
  you 've been there on a good night ? 
  because these are like south island quality dark skies . 
  i think the business model is shifting thanks to on demand streaming and reduced costs in producing high quality content . 
  the mainstream wo n't go away , but there 's a growing scope to fund niche content . 
  it was common sense when shearer suggested something similar in 2013 . 
  but at the time it was written off as racist . 
  there are many help and assistance subs that make me grateful for living in nz . 
  so where is this disorder coming from ? 
  is the council soft ? 
  maybe we can handle a bit of disorder . 
  or is shit actually fucked up and getting worse ? 
  got ta wonder where that money is being spent . 
  the dominant position from those in the health sector is chronic underfunding . 
  it 's certainly what i 've seen . 
  has there been a jump in costs or demand for these services that have negated any increase in spending ? 
  or is the spending going somewhere new , something else is now being counted towards health spending ? 
  retirement eh ? 
  i find it terrifying that auckland is one of the best places to live in the world . 
  protecting equity is a much higher priority for this government than protecting children . 
  i wonder how many others schools are run like mini-prisons . 
   does anyone seriously have any idea how to remedy with this without simply paying people to have kids ? 
  absolutely . 
  the issue is political , not academic . 
  i really like it , the rocks particularly . 
  how about `` make it a serious crime for any employer to exploit workers '' and `` deport all migrants who commit serious crimes '' . 
  i guess winston 's approach has more political zazz . 
  `` that 's a gif . '', 
  yup . 
  mmp is still a ways off from maturing . 
  i wish it would hurry up . 
  i ca n't recommend peter gossage enough . 
  his books are in schools all over the country and have been in print since the 70s . 
  he recently [ passed away ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/309988/maori-legends-storyteller-peter-gossage-dies ) , aged 69 . 
  it is n't ? 
  the way the e leans one way and the r leans the other , lends itself to being read `` the rapy '' . 
  the government does n't need to directly provide for children . 
  parents are struggling with their children because they are struggling with their own lives . 
  the needs the government can meet can be things like providing rape crisis services that are free and easy to access . 
  this is the kind of service national has let fail over the past nine years . 
  what we are seeing are the flow on effects of this . 
  the move looked practised , i get the feeling it 's not a joke when he usually does that . 
  aw come on bro , easy on . 
  it sounds like you have had a hard time making friends , eh ? 
  is it just me , or is that an epic helicopter landing ? 
  it looks like it was their stop anyway . 
  it 's like [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyli2apfhby ) outta dante 's peak . 
  a lot of servers are good at their job because they have good empathy : they can tell how a person is feeling . 
  there 's a world of difference between the customer who does n't care about you and a customer who is caught up in things bigger than them . 
  i 'm sure some do . 
  i enjoy good humour with a number of national voters , although politics is rarely a discussion . 
  it depends on the victory conditions . 
  i think a guerilla war could be well drawn out on an opponent not going for total annihilation . 
  depending on the kind and volume of violence used . 
  if another state wanted to murder us all and for some reason had no need to restrain their use of nukes , there are some who could easily do it . 
  but no one would ever have a cost-effective reason to invade us . 
  the greatest thing of value in nz is our way of life , and you ca n't take that by force . 
  it 's meat after all . 
  i have questions . 
  like , how long before that catfish needs another meal ? 
  does it digest the bones and feathers ? 
  is it passing through , or would it live in the area ? 
  if people see begging as the best way available to improve their situation i think this says as much about the opportunities available as it does beggars . 
  given what 's in the thread so far it sounds like there 's no clear straightforward option . 
  i would suggest you act in a way that demonstrates good faith and does not take responsibility for what you 're not responsible for . 
  as an idea perhaps continue abiding by the current tenancy agreement until there is a new one . 
  maybe ask for as a condition of the new agreement that all appropriate change of ownership procedures have been completed if there 's anything outstanding . 
  if the new owner wants the rent collected by the old owner after the change of ownership , i would insist that is an issue between them to resolve . 
  your duty being to abide by the tenancy agreement . 
  i hope that helps . 
  think of the money that will be saved once we 're all dead ... 
  you 're mistaken . 
  the issue is the high volume of sexual violence that is being perpetrated in nz and severe impact this has on society . 
  ** fix that ** . 
  maybe these courts are n't the best way to address this , but national will spend a billion dollars on prisons while underfunding our mental health services to the point of failure , rape crisis services being an early victim . 
  this is what national does to demonstrate they 're addressing a serious issue they 'd rather ignore . 
  eat it up buddy . 
  [ that 's doable ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayr7vvfjn4u ) . 
  the fact is we want these people here , working for cheap . 
  these people are coming to nz and discover `` well shit , nothing for us to do here '' . 
  employers want cheap labour because consumers want cheap products . 
  migration is propping up our economy so that we can afford to buy houses rather than paying each other our worth . 
  that 's inaccurate . 
  far more people seek help for sexual trauma than there are formal police complaints , let alone prosecutions , let alone convictions .
