  if i could truly hate a man , i 'd hate chuck lorre . 
  goddamn laugh tracks ... 
  if this is 100 now , what is 100 going to look like in 70 years time ? 
  anyhow , live long and prosper op !, 
  he might have broken the law , but i would question the sanity of anyone who willingly submits themselves to the us justice system . 
  downvotes from people with stocks and shares in us prisons . 
  damn nazis i reckon , searching for the ark of the covenant . 
  i did n't need to click on the link , the song automatically played itself in my head when i saw the title . 
  reminder to self : good movie titles be found here . 
  wow , that 's epic . 
  i feel sad malala yousafzai is so far down the list , but it 's probably accurate . 
  damn that 's some weird kind of race . 
  i ca n't even tell what 's going on there ... 
  so what was the galaxy before it was a galaxy , the galactic years 0-7 ? 
  do you think maybe it might of formed out of a denser structure , given the restricted space as you point out ? 
  probably need bigger telescopes to find out !, 
  epigenetics . 
  why ca n't we just ditch the us ? 
  they were n't wanted in the first place , whose bright idea was it to let them in and stomp all over us and ours ? 
  if only a bounty was put on mynas too , i hate those damn things `` skwaaa skwaaa ! '', 
  i 've never found getting shafted easy . 
  and the original agreement was nz , singapore and chile . 
  the us seems to have come along once it was apparent the getting was good . 
  i certainly do n't believe they got involved because they want to help anyone out . 
  i think the bill was atrocious , but i automatically assume anyone comparing something in nz politics to fascism is playing silly-buggers . 
  i guess the idea is this bill is unwanted and fascism is unwanted so this bill must be fascism . 
  sounds like the dude needed to do some drugs . 
   `` i do n't trust the u.s. justice system to get it right , '' says zimmer, 
  wise man . 
  i mean , no justice system gets it right , but the us justice system gets it so wrong . 
  clearly evidence that evolution is n't real . 
  if it was , clearly that turtle would have evolved those wheels by now . 
  your move , atheists !, 
  look at that dog , chill as fuck . 
  looks yum . 
  what do you cook with it ? 
  how long is awhile ? 
  i 've found with renting rooms out you can go nearly a month with little interest then be hit with a rush of people . 
  i could n't handle it ... 
  an experience , but not a lifestyle . 
  that was actually pretty cool . 
  note to self : get this once you have one of them fancy android thingers . 
  fine then motherfuckers , i 'll watch your adventure time . 
  it 's a little bit terrifying reading these articles as we progress towards viable quantum computing . 
  both due to the power of the technology to transform our lives , and because it seems whoever has access to this tech * first * is going to have the greatest influence and it concerns me who that might be . 
  * buuuut * then again it might all be as benign as getting to ignore exponentially large results from our database queries and having super large virtual worlds to explore . 
  brad pitt 's younger brother on the right ? 
  i got caught up in wondering if i 'd have the balls to climb that high , before i noticed it was a loop . 
  i think squirrels would drive my cats mad . 
  i find them pretty hilarious . 
  i want there to be a fallout 4 . 
  i want it . 
  i want to have it . 
  you mean rorschach . 
  perhaps . 
  it 's funny it took freud to `` talk '' about penises given the volume of historical evidence of our obsession with phallus . 
  the us prison system is perverse from what i 've heard . 
  it 's a * reward * for the worst of offenders , the most psychopathic . 
  they get sent to these places for the rest of their lives where they are free to use their power over the vulnerable members of their community ( like first time pot dealers ) like they only wish they could while free . 
  348 st johns road has a great view of the city during sunset . 
  not a typical scenic spot , just something i noticed . 
  if you check it out in google streetview you 'll get the idea . 
  that 's the happiest pillow i 've seen . 
  it looks like `` the scream '' : bread version . 
  that 's too bad , they really tied together so many different elements from the early seasons into the final season . 
  from my watch everything seemed to fall into place . 
  it was quite wonderful seeing the heroic , understated sacrifices made by the many people that the fringe team came in contact with through the series to make their task ( of saving the world ) possible . 
  time travel is always fraught - you know , given it 's impossible ( for example entropy always increases with time , so a backwards time travel event would create a point of infinite entropy as the information that went back in time re-enters the original time travel event . ), 
  that said , i still thought they did well . 
  i mean , something existing that never existed ( the tulip ) is a core element of the series . 
  they should have events were the person is only allowed to train so many hours per year or something . 
  not really feasible , but it would be interesting . 
  why does the sand not shift and overrun the oasis ? 
  i wonder what the droid cop meant when he said some people `` came over the wall last night '' . 
  sounds like a little hint to the larger world that exists . 
  this is an abrams series . 
  as far as i can tell , he gets his shows finished . 
  i 'm not aware of a series he did n't get done , there could be one out there i suppose . 
  who/what are you referring exactly ? 
  i might be thinking of something different . 
  snacks are n't included ... are the buds ? 
  indeed , and the reavers are a direct creation of the alliance , created from * their * people , not some unwanted others they had come across . 
  drip coffee is great for extra caffiene kick . 
  i 'm not super coffee snob , but i do enjoy coffee very much . 
  espresso is favourite , but i really enjoy a good french press or drip coffee as well . 
  each seems to bring out different aspects of the coffee experience . 
  coffee is so good , even when it 's bad it 's good . 
  ( i too would drink instant coffee if i was stuck in the trenches - the purpose for which it was invented . ), 
  the thing is , when it 's good , it 's * really * good . 
  i had the same sense actually , i kind of let it go . 
  that said , i do think they attempted to address it by offering some alternatives - like the * absence * of peter generated alternative pressures that lead to the same outcome . 
  so for example , olivia was a different woman , the differences allowing her to get walter out of the asylum in the absence of peter . 
  it 's time travel , time travel does n't work , you * have * to invent bollocks if you want the story to work . 
  the lookout at the top of st heliers is fantastic , nice scenic drive along the waterfront from the city to get there . 
  there 's also the old lookout if you can spot it further up which is even better . 
  someone cross-post this to / r/nottheonion for sweet karma . 
  anyone find this on google maps ? 
  i want to see this epic tip of doom . 
  an intersection i went through regularly changed its lights to led lights , which switched practically instantly rather than fading away light the old bulb lights did . 
  it was quite unusual , it took me awhile to figure out what was `` off '' about the lights .
