  seeing as i 'm nice : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0259711/, 
  if surreal is your thing i suppose . 
  the clip was only 1:55 long is how . 
  because you are a magical genius !, 
  well done . 
  maybe it 's an nz thing ? 
  i buy asics tigers on special for nz$ 80-120 , last a good year in new condition , years in rough condition ( which is when they look best imo . ), 
  when i was a broke student , bought a cheap pair from one of the chain low price stores for nz$ 40 . 
  they were ugly , uncomfortable and lasted 6 months . 
  he 'll be hooked for life now , always chasing the roar of the crowd . 
  my first thought , but i 'm keen to see how it handles in the dk2 . 
  just without the income or respect . 
  probably just some guys with time on their hands and access to a large printer having a lark . 
  to you too comrade . 
  it 's so many big . 
  i played this game hard , i was an mnc fan beforehand and loved smnc . 
  i found the player base early on to be great . 
  if immaturity became the norm , i think it might have been at the point all there were only a few regulars playing who were really good , making for a steep learning curve for entry into the game , making for an upsetting noob experience . 
  i so miss the game , so , so much potential . 
  but it was never going to survive without a significant player base for good match-making . 
  too much time at work , not enough time at home . 
  i think that 's actually the director 's job . 
  congrats , debt sucks . 
  radio nz concert . 
  - no ads . 
  radio ads are the worst . 
  - i like classical . 
  not authentic enough it would seem , given the absence of action . 
  well it 's that or the relevant people/organisations have n't caught wind of this yet . 
  given the video 's age i suspect the former . 
  forward the video to the media if you think it 's the latter . 
  the thing is , there are lots of people very interested in removing national from power . 
  these people either do n't know of these allegations ( unlikely ) or there is insufficient substance to the claims to take action . 
  what i am saying is that the interested parties would have already investigated this and found insufficient evidence to take things further , moving onto the next thing that might be what takes john key down . 
  you have to ask who would investigate and what would be the threshold of evidence to initiate an investigation ? 
  you might also wonder given nz 's internationally recognised standard of low corruption , if this does deserve investigation , why has this not happened yet ? 
  there is no certainty , only the balance of probability . 
  related question : what 's the difference between a tank top , singlet and wife beater ? 
  they all kinda look the same to me ... 
  when you do n't know something , you can only weigh likelihoods . 
  i hope national keep fighting this . 
  it 's clearly a conflict of interest and the more national tells us it is n't the clearer national 's acceptance of cronyism becomes . 
  there are some people where it 's just much more enjoyable seeing them win than to win yourself . 
  i hope you 're always happy too . 
  thanks !, 
  what ? 
  i am simply guessing , which is the best you and i can do . 
  i have tried to provide reasonable rationale for my guesses . 
  do you have a alternative explanation as to why there has n't been a serious investigation into these claims ? 
  it 's a little unsettling when you close your eyes and as soon as you start to drift start seeing tables and cards . 
  what were you saying about copping out ? 
  i do n't even get how people are commenting on it . 
  i 'm guessing they 're going from memory ? 
  i want some weet-bix now ... 
  drink it in . 
  do n't give a fuck about school rules ? 
  my kind of person . 
  that reminds me , there are some episodes i still have n't seen for the fifth time . 
  so media fueled desire is rational ? 
  what if i 'm a fan of a celebrity who posts music online and comments via twitter ? 
  who requires no third party other than those who maintain the internet to enjoy a connection with an artist i admire ? 
  where does money come from in the first place ? 
  so what op is saying is soldiers are n't valued very highly . 
  fair enough i suppose . 
  are the only options zero agency or absolute agency ? 
  the findings are n't surprising , i think it 's a general phenomena . 
  for example , much more robust studies have shown children of parents who expect their children to get hyperactive after eating sugar are more likely to get hyperactive . 
  in fact , it seems like a primary driver of child behaviour : adult expectation . 
  `` due to maori people themselves '' is a bit of a nonsense statement , because maori exist in a western frame that was thrust upon them , not taken onto themselves . 
  if recent settlers of nz had never arrived , or had honoured their agreements , maori ( or the tribes of peoples that used to occupy nz ) would have a lot more agency than they currently do . 
  i 'm not ignoring the fact , that is the core of my point : a non-western society has been largely and involuntarily westernised . 
  how much agency can they really have ? 
  on the contrary , european settlement was very recent . 
  but if maori are as western as everyone else in nz as you say , then i guess you 're saying it 's maori genetics that is the cause of their issues . 
  which is racist bullshit . 
  indeed , so you might wonder if perhaps we 're talking across each other rather than to the same point . 
  was it like one of [ those places ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oneida_community ) they took young men to sleep with menopausal women ? 
  replying to myself , this is n't accurate in the sense that there are still much thriving and dynamic maori culture throughout nz . 
  my point being , along the lines of agency , that whatever agency maori have , it has been compromised by an overpowering , invasive agency . 
  by cameron slater . 
  i can only tell if someone is ugly after i meet them ... 
  it would be amazinger if the bros chaps quietly updated everything every so often . 
  i see no reason to not type the alphabet :, 
  i 'd play that shit up . 
  when the bruises are especially bad , take her out for a good time , treat her all special . 
  enjoy the confusion that surrounds you . 
  it 's like ... it 's like it 's an election year and people feel like they have something at stake in our elections . 
  probably better than the alternative . 
   it has deepened into an acutely paranoid , multi-layered story about emotionally damaged , well-funded vigilantes ** ( who kill frequently ) ** . 
  who is the author referring to here ? 
  i thought finch 's crew never killed where they could avoid it , just beat the hell out of people . 
   click this link to see jay sean and basshunter beatboxing backstage !, 
  subscribe + feedback for more videos !, 
  - would be fantastic !, 
  i think that 's all the context you need . 
  obligatory `` you can thumb up my butt ! '', 
  actually , i 'd rather you did n't , but you get the gist . 
  i 've never been asked to be a butt friend forever either , your lucky day !, 
  that 's the text from op 's yt video . 
  which suggests the intent of the video is to garner clicks/subscriptions , redirect somewhere else for more clicks .
