  there 's nothing simple about the world i live in . 
  no we mus n't . 
  if they were under 10 i do n't think they could be charged under nz law . 
  no one is charging a 6 year old who picks up a gun their gang member father left lying around and shoots their cousin in an argument . 
  but for some reason we are projecting capacities into a 13 year that a 13 year old does n't have . 
  they simply have far too much significant development to undergo before they can be considered adults - and that 's before you consider the child 's circumstances . 
  it 's not a well cared for but confused boy who kills another , it 's someone who has been subjected to violence themselves . 
  an adult who is subjected to violence has the capacity to know better , a child is just all fucked up and we can not have any expectations about their behaviour , except that it 'll be all fucked up . 
  yes , which is why many are hoping to vote you out mr key . 
  procrastination is the state of lacking the insight as to why you do n't want to do something . 
  that 's rough . 
  i guess you do n't pay and just see how your landlord responds . 
  most likely they 'll let you catch up , just cause the alternative is too much hassle . 
  you say you disagree , i ca n't argue with that . 
  i might be able to argue with any insight you have that tells you i am wrong , but you have n't offered any . 
  i believe children lack the awareness and agency of adults , that they are in a developmental flux and are hyper-responsive to their environmental conditions . 
  i base this on an understanding of a number well accepted child development models such as those of erik eriksson , john bowlby , donald winnicot , margaret mahler and jean piaget . 
  the seriousness of any actions they take has no bearing on this . 
  i also believe adults are very quick to project their adult capacities into children when it suits them . 
  looks just like an alarm clock i once had . 
  yes , if it makes you feel better , my response to the post was not [ word ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/catgifs/comments/2abo3u/normal_cats_shake_their_butt_when_theyre_about_to/citvcgo ) for [ word ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2erchf/normal_cats_shake_their_butt_when_theyre_about_to/ck2hm2m ) . 
  leave behind the knowledge of good and evil my friend , you will live a the life god has for us . 
  as soon as you try and determine the good christians from the bad ones , you fall from grace . 
  thankfully christ showed us the way and we can return to grace any time we like . 
  at least that 's how i read scripture . 
  things really get underway at gen 2:17 . 
  is n't it interesting how throughout the world and over thousands of years people have read scripture in so many different ways ? 
  i think this is very useful for self-reflection . 
  scripture is a great mirror . 
  you can read , develop an understanding and then wonder `` why is it i believe that , when others believe this ? '', 
   stop being a petty cunt . 
  yes , national ministers should only be dishing it out , not on the receiving end . 
  they are clearly our betters and have earned the right . 
  title to the first one was buggered up . 
  sorry , i was speculating , i 'm not op . 
  yeah i know right ? 
  helen was totally called out for that , so it seems this would be fair game . 
  but some seem to think only a petty cunt would call attention to this kind of behaviour . 
  haha , thanks . 
  that top one is my all time favourite failed cat jump . 
  nope , it can be easily observed in legal judgements that we actually do . 
  that 's nonsense , being selfish is essential for survival . 
  a child should receive no prison time in all circumstances . 
  there is no value in any punishment , only rehabilitation . 
  that rehabilitation might include separation from society , but the intention for that is protection for both society and the child , not punishment . 
  survival does n't rate as bad in my books . 
  i equate prison time with punishment . 
  it would take semantic gymnastics to frame prison as something else . 
  in a less formal situation i might refer to a person 's attractiveness , regardless of gender . 
  i 'd probably say something like `` dashing '' for a guy rather than `` handsome '' . 
  in a more formal situation i may even comment , but it would be more neutral like `` well presented '' . 
  feels o'clock !, 
  i need to learn how to read tweets ... 
  wow , i wish there was fast food where i lived where something on their menu could be called `` beloved '' . 
  jealous . 
  conformity . 
  sounds like this kid will be alright though . 
  i call it ego-tripping . 
  i 'm the only one who knows i do it and i still feel embarrassed when i do . 
  haha , feet haters are funny . 
  there has to be some literature on the hate of feet somewhere . 
  this fellow ( and his brothers and sisters in arms ) is the reason why we can find english in every airport in the world . 
  ( cause by the end of wwii practically any non-english speaking pilot had been shot out of the sky - if you wanted to fly you needed an english speaker ! ), 
  we knew this already in primary school . 
  as soon as the teacher mentioned head lice we all started experiencing symptoms of infestation !, 
  ( in the form of itches that needed scratching . ), 
  single region coffee is good for slower brewing methods than espresso as you have more brew time to get the distinct flavour of the region . 
  so if you 're using a french press or drip filter it should be all good . 
  experiment with the different regions , see what you 're into . 
  judith collins was the justice minister . 
  she recently stood by the relationship she has with someone who has been found to be using that relationship in an unjust way for personal gain . 
  as such collins ' position in cabinet became untenable . 
  single origin espresso is n't going to make the most out of the bean , it 's too quick a brewing method . 
  in most cases you want a blend for espresso to catch the features of a variety of beans that do come through in a short brew . 
  of course , you are welcome to make coffee how you prefer . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're talking about fringe scenarios , specialist technique rather than what 's typically the case . 
  if i 'm just totally incorrect then i am completely wrong . 
  i do n't think i am , but maybe you have more to say that would convince me ? 
  ooh , i get it . 
  i was wondering why all the kick back . 
  i do n't have anything against espresso . 
  i love espresso , drink it daily . 
  where i come from espresso is the life-blood of the city . 
  there are so many speciality roasters here that going to starbucks for coffee is like going to mcdonalds for fine dining . 
  it must be a local thing , espresso here is made in a very particular way . 
  temperature , pressure , brew time , grind , all must be just so . 
  my original post was about how espresso is a * different coffee * to slower brew methods with different characteristics and features . 
  that if you want this kind of coffee you probably want an espresso that would be made in this manner , but if you after * this other * kind of coffee , one more favourable to single origin beans you 're probably after a different brewing method, 
  of course , you can rinse cold water through old tea bags and call it coffee if you so please . 
  perhaps [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/coffee/comments/2f36cq/whats_the_deal_with_starbucks_reserve_coffees_any/ck5wdby ) makes my position more clear ? 
  it seems my posts have been misunderstood as to mean i have something against espresso . 
  rather i am trying to communicate that you get different results from different brewing methods and that certain beans favour different methods . 
  i am not trying to say there are iron rules that are always followed and that your favourite method is not real coffee or anything like that . 
  my experience has been that beans from different regions produce flavours distinct to the region . 
  if you enjoy these distinct regional flavours , you will experience more of the distinctness from slow brew methods than quick brew methods . 
  unless perhaps if you are take special effort to bring out the distinct flavours in a quick brew method . 
  am i mistaken ? 
  my experience tells me otherwise , but perhaps i misunderstood the factors involved ? 
  hahah , not quite what i had in mind , but interesting nonetheless . 
  i get the feeling i would be reading about obsessive behaviours maybe .
