  how parents in poverty ? 
  besides , the carpet looks grubby , but that 's not enough to determine its a health hazard . 
  my family of origin . 
  so much effort , so little return , so much happier without them . 
   mondelez would ship to australia any of the plant it wanted and cut up the rest rather than sell to a competitor , he said yesterday . 
  obviously this is good business sense , but it has to be a bitter pill for everyone who worked to make the factory what it is . 
  i think that 's true for most mass produced food . 
  there are plenty of good native apples to be found in kazakhstan [ apparently ] ( http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20160523-kazakhstans-treasure-trove-of-wildly-flavoured-apples ) . 
  what documentation has the building managers provided you with ? 
  i assume you have a tenancy agreement ? 
  it sounds like management are doing what 's easy . 
  make them do their job instead . 
  my approach would be to ignore the charge in the absence of evidence . 
  if they try to kick you out for not paying , i would hit up the tenancy tribunal . 
  if they send you to baycorp , i would dispute the debt . 
  this is just what i would do , hopefully you will get better advice !, 
  or a solution , depending on what you want . 
  ignorance does appear to be encouraged by many leaders . 
  that 's what i like about cricket . 
  much more docile fans . 
  i swear , it 's the sport of peace . 
  charging for false alarms is normal practice , as is passing on the charge to the responsible party . 
  what 's at question is are you effectively responsible ? 
  if there was no actual smoke i do n't see how you are at fault . 
  however you offered an easy explanation , and that 's what has been documented , so you 're in a difficult position . 
  you could ask the fire service if they can demonstrate the cause of the alarm ( e.g. 
  was it the alarm in the hall outside your door , or it was in the other end of the hallway ? ), 
  that might help . 
  in any case you can still ignore the charge . 
  if they have your credit card , they 'll likely charge that , which you can dispute . 
  likewise you can dispute the debt if they send it to baycorp . 
  but the documentation is on their side . 
  i think this is why we need to offer better social infrastructure . 
  it can be regional , avoids impacting businesses so drastically , and there are significant economies of scale we 're missing out on with the minimal services we offer . 
  rather than a living wage , i think we would be better off if people could survive off no wages , with all basic needs being provided for in some way . 
  keeping in mind that people have more than basic needs and would still seek income if it 's available to earn . 
  work is becoming increasingly automated , the jobs available are becoming increasingly sophisticated . 
  what are we going to do about that ? 
  they 're not soccer hooligan bad , but rugby fans have their [ problems ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/309008/sideline-abuse-'gone-way-too-far' ) . 
  if you want to resolve the issue , in the likely case hotel management insist you pay , your best bet is the [ disputes tribunal ] ( https://disputestribunal.govt.nz/how-to-make-a-claim/ ) . 
  the most robust evidence is the document provided by the alarm company , all you 're going to have is a story . 
  i suppose a photo of a dirty oven might help ? 
  just make sure your story is coherent and consistent with the evidence . 
  you might get lucky and the hotel might not participate , which will lean things in your favour . 
  i do n't really understand the context , however ... 
  when i visited singapore on business a few years back , it was n't uncommon for taxi drivers in the evening to offer to take me to meet some girls . 
  that 's not my jam , so i always turned them down . 
  there was one driver however who offered to take me to see the `` other side '' of singapore . 
  i regret turning him down . 
  a cursory look at the article makes it clear that such an investigation would be `` excessive '' . 
  as opposed to suggesting that a robust investigation by third parties . 
  they gonn wreck themselves . 
  i quite enjoy them too , but it 's not too loud where i 'm at . 
   look at the photos on her page from a while back ... and compare them to the more recent ones . 
  one word , meth . 
  this is the kind of bullshit we have to deal with when society breaks down . 
  you think a stolen dog is the extent of the problems of drug addiction ? 
  people tend not to post on facebook about how they 're getting fucked by their mum 's drug dealing boyfriend . 
  oh wait , if you 're not hearing about it , it 's not happening , amirite ? 
  and if you are hearing about it , it 's only the bleeding hearts harping on . 
  everything 's fine . 
  besides , kids can take a little fucking , once they 're 18 ( 12 ) they have personal responsibility , so everything is good . 
  i know what you posted and that 's what i responded to . 
  you did n't include a `` flippant '' emoticon , whatever that might be . 
  the problem with what happened to me ( i trained in mental health practice - yikes ! ), 
  is that much worse is happening to others everyday . 
  and it 's getting worse , because frankly , we treat deadly serious problems with flippancy . 
  short sighted . 
  bionics are an in-between phase . 
  replacement limbs ( organs , etc. ), 
  is where we 're heading . 
  enhanced limbs , micro-machines in every cell kind of stuff . 
  exoskeletons for hard work . 
  people probably wo n't want to see mechanised monstrosities for the sake of sport , so there 's probably no compelling reason for mechanical limbs in the long run . 
  i think parents acting in such a way will be certainly disordered . 
  either at the personality level , or because of larger economic or social forces placing overwhelming burdens on parents . 
  the wife 's expression is perfect . 
  organics are an essential component of life . 
  finding such components on asteroids suggests that the material found on earth that supports life may have arrived on asteroids . 
  indeed life itself may have arrived on asteroids . 
  it increases the likelihood that we will find life in space . 
  the alternative is that the organic compounds originated from processes on earth , which may mean earth is fairly unique ( in the form we 're talking about ) , reducing the likelihood that we will find life in space . 
  another similar finding recently was discovering water outside the solar system , suggesting that water is abundant outside the solar system , not special to it . 
  which again increases the likelihood of finding life in space . 
  now if only the em drive pans out , we might be able to be a bit more active with our search . 
   the first and only question from any reporter is , `` wtf is up with all the kiddie rape ? '', 
  you realise that kiddy rape occurs in abundance in our communities in the absence of the catholic church ? 
  and our response ? 
  to let mental health and rape crisis services fail . 
  which in turn lets such behaviour go unchecked . 
  because victims are left in no state to seek justice for the crimes against them . 
  if you hate child rape , please hate it all the time , not just when it can be pegged to a group you hate . 
  no you do n't . 
  all you need is an indifferent society . 
  that 's what we 've got . 
  there are far , far more people seeking help for sexual trauma than there are prosecutions or even accusations of sexual offences . 
  fuck any high and mighty bullshit that pushes this issue onto any single group or organisation . 
  all that does is make the problem worse . 
  this is all of us . 
  i apologise if my comment was misdirected at you .
