  any story about things being a-ok is just that : a story . 
  where are the assurances ? 
  / r/shutupandtakemymoney, 
  i think he 's more new zealand bassem youssef , myself . 
  tell me more about [ assurances from john key ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4swwhx0j5bk ) . 
  whether my fears or others are based in reality or not is part of the problem that needs to be discussed . 
  a lack of credible information about apparently important decisions can only lead to paranoia . 
  maybe for melted chocolate . 
  you do n't want water anywhere near melted chocolate if you want to maintain its consistency . 
  tragedy is comedy . 
  stan is so cool . 
  i love that guy and his work . 
  ca n't argue with mel brooks . 
  i would pay . 
  particularly if i had been away from nz for awhile . 
  i worked at the cafe at international arrivals at the airport when i was a teen , so often you would get people hitting us up for a pie as soon as they got off a flight . 
  they were good pies so it was gratifying work . 
   i do think that part of the writing paralysis that has accompanied the last 3 + years is this feeling that there are a lot of people waiting to figure out what is wrong with my next book , a problem that i can solve by not writing one . 
  aww , john !, 
  / hugs, 
  i like coocup on wellesley st. cheap japanese style rice/noodle dishes , good for the price . 
  that 's called `` native advertising '' these days . 
  haha , he really does . 
  i 'm not sure what the argument is , but it sounds like the tppa would impinge on maori tino rangatiratanga which is a key treaty concern . 
  certainly the reason i oppose the tppa is that it seems like it will take more control of my life out of my hands . 
  that it will continue the trend of concentrating power into the hands of the powerful . 
  if my sovereignty is at stake ( however accurate that perception is ) then surely maori sovereignty is also under threat . 
  clothing is always weird when the superhero is orders of magnitudes more robust than any flexible material . 
  those are some sweet shorts . 
  damn . 
  that cat must be an inside cat . 
  how can small mammals be safe outside with that beast lurking about !, 
  i think usage varies regionally . 
  google search something like `` cute chics - chicks '' and you 'll find a lot of results . 
  well that sounds very smart , except what would be more smart is to actually try it . 
  a text search , not an image search . 
  shame for shit , we 're trusting how these apps determine who gets served what ads as a measure of character all of a sudden ? 
  bollocks . 
  sounds like the results are still regionalised . 
  try duckduckgo.com instead :, 
  i look forward to your next report . 
  i say nay . 
  damn , how are we so close to getting in bed with such a corrupt system of government . 
  i mean , i guess we 're already in bed , with 5-eyes and all that , but now we 're getting all spoony . 
  ick . 
  haha , i love how committed your are to how the word is used . 
  duckduckgo apparently does n't do regionalised results by default . 
  in theory we should both see the same results . 
  anyhow here 's what i see :, 
  its use appearing in similar context in numerous other instances . 
   regardless , there 's some incredibly serious stuff that happens all the time that never makes the news . 
  most of its not all that hey martha . 
   mr shearer said it was ironic that coca-cola was currently more affordable than milk . 
  not really . 
  nutritionless sugar water ca n't be hard to produce . 
  well , this goes well beyond religion . 
  we tell kids plenty of fairy tales , such as `` adults know what they 're doing '' and `` we 're only doing what 's best for you '' , etc. 
  even if it were true there were early chinese settlers in nz , it would n't impact the legitimacy of the treaty . 
  you need to take a closer look at the state of the world . 
  as we exploit technological advances to become more powerful as a species , at the same time we 're becoming less powerful as individuals . 
  do you watch [ al jazeera ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/watch_now/ ) ? 
  it provides a great alternative to the typical western narrative . 
   judith collins is of the view that police can break the law in performing their duties based on the rationale that their job is dangerous and important . 
  i bet she has the same view of the work of politicians . 
   the abuse is weirdly normalised . 
  the weird part is abuse is much more normalised in real life than in the stories . 
  seems like an effective strategy to get unpopular legislation passed without too much fuss . 
  keep everyone in the dark , let any paranoid fringe dominate any discussion with misinformation so as to avoid any serious opposition . 
  my issue is n't with the specifics . 
  it 's with the general environment we live in of power over vulnerability . 
  if you 're powerful and rich in this world , lucky !, 
  if not , too fucking bad . 
  for awhile it was n't like this , after the horrors of war it seems we were decent for a bit , made sure everyone had a chance at a fair go . 
  now that 's a distant memory . 
  good housing can be hard to find , education is expensive and of limited value , jobs are mediocre to downright miserable . 
  but we 're supposed to expect that those that brought these conditions about are now in fact are working for us rather than their own interests ? 
   sorry but anti-tppa supporters are doing that themselves . 
  how ? 
  what could be done differently with the information that 's available ? 
  why is it those in the dark that are responsible rather than those who are bringing this agreement about ? 
   who is ` their ' ? 
  those who currently control the bulk of resources and authority in nz . 
  in part the traditional political powers ( national/labour ) , in part the wealthiest in nz who donate to these parties or otherwise wield authority thanks to their elevated position . 
  a very small number of people relative to the population . 
  how much harder does a nzer have to work to be able to afford a home ? 
  it will be so epic to be able to make a trip out to see an orbital rocket launch in nz . 
  here 's [ what i pay in nz ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ss1ffe2.jpg ) for a comparison . 
  full details here :, 
  these guys get the job done :, 
  haha , i would definitely be concerned if i thought they were serious . 
  however their suggestion to hide the smell of weed by lacing joints with speed makes me think their advice is less than serious . 
  what 's that ? 
  flash places that cater to wealthy client\u00e8le have expensive beer ? 
  who would have thunk ? 
  in the other thread on the same topic i think people were pointing out some places sell heineken as low as $ 3 . 
  i 'm okay with that , particularly when it 's so blatant . 
  i do n't consider reddit posts journalism . 
  if one had a submarine , would they need some kind of license to take it out in the harbour ? 
  yeah , lets stick with that . 
  you made [ the right choice ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/snowden/comments/3bp45n/going_through_my_childhood_diaries_when_i/cso9joz ) .
