  `` but newton 's third law tells us ... '', 
  `` but the adventures of rick and morty tell us ... '', 
  hopefully the octopus did n't have no beak going on . 
  cat probably would have been doing back-flips if it did i suppose . 
  human !, 
  i knew it !, 
  you could try irvin yalom , he 's both an eminent psychotherapist and writes fiction . 
  * love \u00b4 s executioner and other tales of psychotherapy * has some popularity . 
  i imagine it 's much lighter reading . 
  but you probably already know of his work !, 
  it looks like the river constantly churns over that area . 
  must make for some interesting ecosystems . 
  rip kitty . 
  have you seen rugby ? 
  america football ? 
  ever take it to the bush ( whatever counts as `` bush '' where you 're from . ), 
  are they kiwis ? 
  it must be a mad thrill touring with ( as ? ), 
  lorde . 
  i love how as his head tilts his eyebrows remain horizontal . 
  you 're asking for a different game . 
  the size of the ui is a key gameplay element . 
  you 're a commander not an omniscient god , you can only see so much , do so much at one time . 
  i enjoy coh2 very much . 
  you ca n't expect to win every game , or avoid every bad beat . 
  so you do n't like the game . 
  go play something else . 
  developing the functionality behind the design would take a lot more resources than the design itself . 
  four day work weeks are amazing , i did it for about two years . 
  weeks are shorter , weekends are longer . 
  no hump day . 
  you barely have time to miss the weekend before it rolls around again . 
  as more and more mundane jobs are automated , what work will there be left ? 
  the creative , the technical , service & hospitality , legal . 
  is space an infinite number of dimensions ? 
  is time a flat circle ? 
  maybe time is more of an infinite noodle ? 
  absolutely , less stuff more time to spend with people . 
  haha , do n't eat no bee , dog !, 
  you got ta watch the yolk squirts with over easy in a sandwich . 
  the standard model is n't responsible for anything , it 's a model . 
  if blaming is important to you . 
  i mean in the sense that gravity preceded the standard model . 
  the universe is ultimately responsible for gravity , obviously . 
  serious . 
  the phenomenon we call gravity was around before the standard model , therefore the standard model can not be responsible for gravity . 
  semantics really is n't that much fun though . 
  my man !, 
  you do n't * know * me !, 
  only for people who want to live out of a suitcase , as some kind of escapist dream ? 
  with people actually living out of suitcases excluded ? 
  is her demand reasonable ? 
  i think it 's fair that any public body has transparency over how it spends public funds , although it seems like it might be too costly to report on `` exactly '' how that money is spent . 
  is the auckland council obscuring how it spends its money ? 
  this person seems to be willing to lose a lot of money to highlight the issue , but then people be crazy . 
  official site :, 
  the standard model does not make gravity happen . 
  this is what i meant . 
  but perhaps you would like to argue semantics further , you seem to enjoy it ? 
  ashes ? 
  i 'd prefer my whole carcass was used for the process . 
  perhaps there 's a whole range of devil syrups and toppings out there ? 
  further investigation is required . 
  bit windy and rainy , no dramas . 
  this is i think my favourite reaction gif . 
  thanks for another opportunity to laugh at it . 
  was there also a switchblade ? 
  only after traveling through the realm of death can this be opened . 
  i like the chips at the white lady in newmarket . 
  with a bit of vinegar sometimes . 
  hrmm , might be time to get into the monitor stand business , i think there shall soon be a gap in the market . 
  the guy 's face who got disarmed makes it for me . 
  it 's the rotation . 
  someone falling can be funny . 
  someone getting spun around while falling ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  originally posted in / r/newzealand, 
  `` the internet is down , what 's my isp 's phone number again ? '', 
  seriously , about the only time i ever use a phone book . 
   5 ) what are the odds of me being able to find a man in new zealand to settle down with ? 
  do kiwi men mind getting together with foreign women or are they generally okay with that ? 
  i volunteer . 
  seriously though , apparently there is a man drought in nz . 
  but a go-getter like yourself should have no worries . 
  and you do n't have to limit yourself to kiwi men , there are all sorts here !, 
  must be a clip-on earring . 
  try drink your coffee at different times of the day . 
  if you drink at the same time , your body will begin producing the counter for caffeine before you 've drunk it . 
  too bad you need it . 
  it 's good when you get the dosage just right , and it beats the pain !, 
  i was going to make a joke about a me who does not understand the concept of friends . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be hearing of these new and improved services in no time . 
  we be packin ' !, 
  i do n't think you 're alone . 
  it 's a hard road though , convincing ourselves that we need to look after our kids . 
  creature innards !, 
  delicious . 
  i have it different times in the weekend . 
  i do n't think i could handle anything less than first thing before work on a weekday . 
  if you can hold out till 11 then it ca n't hurt !,
