  a cat who is regretting its choices . 
  most schools had ditched this kind of religious instruction by 1990 . 
  the precedent was set long ago ... 
  in new zealand law if you live together for three years and do n't come to some other legal agreement , you are effectively common law married and assets will be split upon separation . 
  the machine seems to be saving / `` collecting '' individuals of particular skill . 
  i suspect we will see quite a number of old saves returning in future seasons . 
  probably trying to make some kind of [ three penis wine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouef-xv9hqc ) . 
  does anyone know a good source of english subbed japanese game shows ? 
  i want to see them !, 
  too bad mxc is n't about any more . 
  if your internets is important to you , the first thing you should do is get a full install , eliminating any noise caused by internal wiring . 
  there are so many potential issues that this eliminates . 
  the next is a new modem/router . 
  them shits degrade . 
  geekzone.co.nz will give you the full run down . 
  i still feel bad for deleting my mum 's diddy-kong racing save . 
  even though i still ca n't stand her . 
  well , that 's what they * could * have said . 
  sorry , i just do n't like the use of the word `` should '' without a conditional statement . 
  in the absence of a conditional statement ( why should they ? ), 
  all you are communicating is that is what you would like . 
  pretty much right ? 
  seems about as valuable as a `` iphones are n't cool '' club for those who feel iphones are n't all they 're cracked up to be . 
  because not owning an iphone is n't enough of a statement . 
   the former is a value statement, 
  this is my point exactly . 
  you are trying to convey your values , without saying what those values are . 
  which implies you think your values are objective and universal . 
  which is of course is nonsense , making your statement nonsense . 
  an accurate statement is either `` you could '' or `` you should if '' . 
  for example , who says alice should cut her hair ? 
  maybe she likes it how it is . 
  i 'm sorry , i was n't correcting your grammar , rather i was commenting on the inaccurate at best , moralistic at worst nature of your statement . 
  an unqualified `` should '' only works between intimates , where the implied condition is expected to be known between all parties . 
  `` you * should * do the dishes . '', 
  early in the relationship a condition may have been placed '' * if * you do n't want me to be pissed off in the morning , because i hate mess . '', 
  so it would be reasonable all would have in mind the condition of the should without it being said . 
  an unqualified should between strangers means you are trying to impose your subjective values as if they were objective . 
  you may have noticed my heckles get raised when people start treating their subjectivity as objectivity . 
  if you want to share your values honestly , you would qualify your should and own your own values . 
  see a shrink ( whatever counts as that where you are . ), 
  you 're obviously willing to work hard . 
  understanding yourself is hard work , but like your body your mind has various capacities that can atrophy and can be worked into a highly functioning state . 
  i mean , there 's no end of stories in therapy circles of people struggling in relationships who just had this one thing they were oblivious of but once they were able to see it they turned their life around . 
  it 's also quite bitter . 
  do n't interrupt me !, 
  the us government and corporate sector are scary and a bit draconian these days . 
  not exactly the time to make lasting , binding agreements i do n't think . 
  they 'll chill out eventually , for now ca n't we go back to regional agreements with our less domineering neighbours ? 
  love it when these threads break out . 
  the first season is essential in fringe , there are many references to it in the last season . 
  falling in love with a vr ai in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  did he kill a planet or just change the life forms ? 
  well , it depends on you , your kid , and the culture/society you are emerged in . 
  poor girl probably thought there was a demon monster in the cellar quietly killing her family . 
  harried by the harriers no more . 
  hard to say . 
  at nz$ 50 for food a week , you better like instant noodles !, 
  wow , those are some cool shots . 
  i like the shots where the fireworks overwhelm the floods on the sky tower so it looks like it has red/yellow bands . 
  how do you feel when customers call you by your name ? 
  i read name tags but then it feels weird to call a stranger by their name without being introduced . 
  those wait lists can be a long time , i hope you sort something out . 
  worked for an isp once , would get customers cancelling their service for a month while on holiday , only to be told when they tried to resume their service that they would be on a months long waiting list for the next available port . 
  it is ? 
  i thought stew beef required slow cooking else it would be tough and chewy ? 
  yes , yes they can . 
  as long as they keep posting stuff people want to upvote . 
  i thought the prime minister stepped down and the new government would have the opportunity to limit the president 's powers ? 
  damn , i thought that was going to be enough . 
  no escalation please ... 
  it better !, 
  i needs it on my body . 
  too bad / r/bluepillmen is n't an active sub . 
  if only i could play trp game . 
  kiwi living in aussie . 
  for all we know she moved to aus as a toddler and is now in her 30s . 
  boom !, 
  maybe you were down south . 
  northland weed is very good , and not everyone smokes spliffs ( weed + tobacco ) . 
  what do they mean , i thought kebab was a tasty lunch . 
  ah , thank you , that makes sense now . 
  i 'd be pretty gutted if they removed the kebab from where i live . 
  i love a kebab !, 
  wow , you 've lived in a lot of places . 
  the study of course is in general . 
  individuals with personal preferences and circumstances would obviously rate cities differently . 
  / r/auckland is a bit cold-blooded about this kind of thread . 
  in / r/wellington this thread would have upvotes and a helpful tag . 
  sorry ` bout that . 
  i need to know more of this dystopia you live in . 
  if you hate someone you have to bear the consequences . 
  doubly so when you 're mistaken about what you hate them for . 
  today you learn that mcdonalds is n't identical everywhere in the world . 
  although , perhaps you are surprised to learn of this `` world '' phenomena . 
  there 's a difference between a game and a psyche-hack . 
  you got it wrong . 
  we all suck . 
  everyone is also a person doing the best they can with what they have . 
  right at the end he says that according to lucas , star wars is a set of three trilogies spanning 40 years .
