  ** you ** may think like that , but many of your countrymen does n't . 
  they see even big countries with long histories ( india , china , russia ) as `` uniform entities '' and only usa is `` big and diverse '' . 
  if not for this quite common trope no one would be annoyed and we would have nice discussions . 
  i thought that polish drivers are quite bad ( by european standards ) , but then i 've seen russian idiot on the road . 
  god bless our local idiots , because it 's nothing compared to russian drivers . 
   avoiding being loud and interrupting people is a given everywhere , is n't it ? 
  look at his flair ... look again . 
  now you know the answer  ^ ( stereotypes ftw ), 
  yeah , but you have to remember that our histories are quite different here . 
  for many people cashless payments did n't exist , basically , until middle 90 's . 
  after fall of communism people were using cash ( withdrawn visiting your bank , or using cheque in post office - mind that cheques were practically never used for paying for something ) and later we had so fast progress that older people could n't keep up * . 
  and there are still relicts of the past , for example how people get their retirement . 
  * contrary to lady in your story that probably made jump from swipe to chip . 
  i 'm not sure i see pros of using blik for online payments . 
  maybe if i could use it for paying for international purchases ( i 'm looking at you humblebundle ) i could see it , but now it 's easier for me to just make instant transfer ( via payu , przelewy24 , or something similar ) , or for international purchases make instant transfer to paypal with roughly what i need and pay with paypal . 
  i really doubt that on pc money transfer is much slower than blik . 
  maybe on mobile there 's slight time advantage , but we are talking about seconds . 
  edit : for me blik is just a backup if i lose my wallet , nothing more . 
  i would say we have clash of two generations - one technophobic ( to lesser , or bigger extent ) and one very techno-friendly ( both in education/quality of work - keeping up with western standards , or even surpassing them in certain areas , and with keeping up with technology in general ) . 
  maybe you are , who knows ? 
  but in all honesty i see this behaviour `` trickle down '' to some people in younger generations - i know some people like that and they are younger than me ( but i would call them `` technophobes '' in general ) . 
  not really popular , but for the same reason you said - other forms of contactless payments are ubiquitous * ( including such simple things like nfc `` debit card sticker '' ) . 
  on top of that major banks are offering different kind of payment method with your smartphone called blik ( more [ here ] ( http://www.blikmobile.pl ) , sadly only in polish ) . 
  * but due to our history generally only young ( ish ) ( < 30 ) people are paying with cards , or contactless . 
  some older people are using their debit cards just to withdraw money from atms . 
   stockholm-lule\u00e5 is my favourite since that 's the one i use most regularly . 
  found paradox north employee , 
  sure , but we are talking about two developed countries . 
  it 's fair comparison in that case . 
  but you ca n't look at gini in the vacuum . 
  you have to look at it by prism of gdp , or median wages . 
  if everyone is equally poor gini will be excellent . 
  in poland we have ( had ? ), 
  even own version based on that show ( komisarz alex ) . 
  there is always potential , but we do n't live in perfect world . 
  and with mail you need to consider that there are countries outside of the eu - that 's the real problem here , not mail within eu . 
  how it seems inefficient ? 
  that 's literally how postal services are working all over the world . 
  if you could elaborate we could try to deal with it , because now i do n't even know where to start . 
  maybe you just do n't know anything about the topic and that 's crux of the problem ? 
  many people in poland are working like that * . 
  obviously there are tradeoffs ( like short lunch brakes - 15 to 30 minutes ) . 
  * or 7-15 , depends . 
  most `` heavy industry '' will have first shift from 7 am and white collar jobs in that company will follow same schedule ( but only one shift ) . 
  no , you ca n't , because mail is dealt with on national levels . 
  you pay country a ( or more specifically their postal services ) to deliver something to country b. 
  in pure etymological meaning of the word - yes , it 's `` folk 's lore '' . 
  but no one is using it in that simplified meaning . 
  folklore describes older times , often mixing pre-christian myths and stories derived from them , not colourised tales about historical figures . 
  if good camera is must have for you , you should look for used xperia z3 compact . 
  with that tight of a budget you do n't have too many phones with good cameras . 
  with fire and sword !, 
  you mean [ that trial ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cadaver_synod?wprov=sfla1 ) ? 
  in theory - yes , it 's allowed . 
  in practice nobody is doing this and in cases , for instance , of serious illness there can be organised visitations from school to help with teaching and curriculum . 
  yeah , it 's very similar here , in poland , but instead of yellow blinking arrow there is green ( not blinking ) arrow . 
  and according to the law driver needs to stop before pedestrian crossing ... 
  but in real life some people are assholes . 
  did n't old giertych believe in that shit ? 
  but it 's definitely very , very rare . 
  i think most countries have some kind of ceremonial/representative unit . 
  they are probably most known/are most recognised for guarding tomb of unknown soldier . 
  it depends what you want from a phone . 
  others said it perfectly - you did n't give us anything . 
  and with that kind of budget you have some decent options with chinese brands android phones , but they always have some drawbacks . 
  and that 's how it worked , basically . 
  you can see similar * themes * ( especially in same periods ) , but there 's not much more . 
  but even then representation varied between countries/culture . 
  for instance , in poland , historically the most important picture of mary ( [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_madonna_of_cz%c4%99stochowa ) ) depicts her with much darker skin than other pictures ( due to where and when it was painted ... probably ) . 
   i think the biggest problems with volkswagens ( in the usa at least ) is that they often have a lot of very minor issues but they are extremely expensive to fix . 
  but it is , in big part , us problem , since they are relatively uncommon there . 
  and here everyone and their mother had vw at some point   and wow i 'm surprised that those fords were built so well . 
  they were , because ford had basically two different ranges of cars , one for domestic market and one for rest of the world . 
  even same models varied between them ( like focus ) in terms of built quality , engines , etc. 
  no problem , mate . 
  btw , something came to my mind , so i will make small recommendation . 
  did you read [ pastwatch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pastwatch:_the_redemption_of_christopher_columbus ) ? 
  it 's quite decent time traveling novel . 
   the moka . 
  moka is at least somewhat known , but is definitely less popular/less known than espresso machines . 
  for me it 's rather weird , since it 's really , really cheap and can make relatively good coffee . 
   travelers is the netflix series , right ? 
  i think i saw something about them doing a time travel series , but have n't checked it out yet . 
  yeah , it 's showtime/netflix series . 
  it may be hit , or miss for you , depends if you will like the premise . 
   i did begin to watch frequency . 
  interesting premise/first episode . 
  i 'll probably return to it , but i might wait until the first season is done so that i can binge it . 
  it 's not bad , but it 's somewhat `` detective heavy '' , if you know what i mean . 
   `` dallas ' 63 '' sounds like an alternative title for the stephen king book about a guy who travels back in time to stop the assassination of jfk . 
  would that be correct ? 
  yep , i 'm always forgetting that original title is different : 11.22.63 ( for the show ) and 11/22/63 ( for the book ) . 
  sorry mate for using polish title . 
  if you * really * liked the book you may have some problems with series , at least i had some . 
  for me it was shallower than book , but if you do n't expect 1:1 adaptation it 's pretty good show . 
   and lastly , timeless . 
  have n't heard of that at all . 
  what is it ? 
  it 's rather ` murican centric time traveling show with big conspiracy behind it . 
  there are some good moments and if you liked premise of butterfly effect you should at least check it .
