  it 's nice that you produce `` facts '' from the thin air . 
  can you link a comment where i compared americans to nazis ? 
  ps if you look at my comments you can find many interesting things i said about american politcs . 
  like riding on high horse , or circular reasoning in foregin relations . 
  hate ? 
  you know what hate is ? 
  i hate americans because i said you have poor bread culture ? 
  or because i pointed out that your policemen do n't know maths ? 
  look at yourself , mate , because you pull things out of thin air making fool of yourself . 
  you are saying `` europeans want to kill us !, 
  '' , because people see you as a threat to peace . 
  where is correlation between that ? 
  where is `` aggresion '' toward americans in thread linked by you ? 
  you , sir , are an idiot . 
  you are new / u/emily _ americana . 
  in the end will you end in jail , like him ? 
  will you post same shit in every thread you stumble upon ? 
  even that people already said how big of an idiot you are ? 
  ok , i have a question to you then : what size city do you live in and how many actual bakaries do you have ? 
  but you do it , too . 
  considering that people were defending `` i do n't have time to buy fresh bread every other day '' , and looking at some interesting facts : yeah , maybe i 'm ignorant , but you live in some kind of bubble . 
   as of september 2009 , wonder bread and other hostess brands breads , such as home pride , returned to southern california supermarkets in response to significant consumer demand . 
   but it 's not like literally eating a piece of shit . 
  you are literally eating piece of vomit and spoiled milk . 
  better than shit ? 
  sure . 
  much better ? 
  not really , no . 
  considering that recently i have discussion with someone that said `` i 'm buying bread for whole week in advance '' i will say that your bread culture is still sub-par , no matter what . 
  and what you want to prove by this mate ? 
  how this answer my question ? 
  it 's so fucking circular reasoning , mate , that my head hurts . 
  roosevelt had to give up during conference in yalta , because poland was occupied by ussr . 
  and poland was occupied by ussr because contrary to churchill 's pleads to roosevelt he did n't help with airlift during warsaw uprising ( maybe you are one of the educated americans and know the difference between warsaw ghetto uprising and warsaw uprising ) . 
  step of your high horse and think about who is revisionst here without even realising it . 
  you pick facts that that suits your view , but conveniently forget everything else , not for the first time . 
   it is not surprising it did not want to go to war again after such a major one just ended . 
  you are comming back to the war topic over and over again , but like i said : we did n't need war , we needed help , either political or in supplies during warsaw uprising . 
  here 's the thing : we can agree that stalin had claim on poland , because in conferences it was said that he could do it in area that red army liberated , right ? 
  here 's another thing : we can agree that he would n't have that claim if warsaw uprising would be successful . 
  here 's third thing : usa , contrary to raf , denied request of help . 
  hell , churchill himself asked for help in airlift . 
  you are once again moving goalposts . 
  i 'm talking about conferences , you are talking about war . 
  how do you think it would look like if usa had harder stance during them ? 
  do you think stalin would like to stop flow of the sweet , sweet american supplies ? 
  of course that i blame ussr . 
  but on top of that i 'm accusing others that conveniently forget that that it was their peace treaties that allowed that to happen , but weirdly later take pride in `` helping with fall of communism in poland '' . 
   the point was that no one allowed the ussr to do what they did . 
  the point is exact opposite . 
  and where are you from , exactly ? 
  because you do n't have flair , so it 's rather hard to examine high horse you are riding on . 
  naah , yt comment better describes his personality ( if we look at more of his comments , not that particular one ) . 
  kindergarten children in many cases just parrot others , or do n't really know what they are doing , but he exactly knows and it 's not the first time when he wants to stir the shit . 
  nice goalpost moving , mate . 
  what now , will you invoke armstrong 's law ? 
  because that 's logical step for many americans . 
   the uk was under constant attack throughout the war and only the channel and brave and tireless pilots were able to save them . 
  there was fighting in africa as well and the usa had to take on japan mostly on their own . 
  it 's funny that you mention it , because in two of your three mentioned theaters poles were fighting alongside allied forces . 
   amazing that you think countries were taking a vacation during a worldwide conflict . 
  the ussr was the most powerful country in the war . 
  and yeah , poles were on vacation , too . 
  we did nothing . 
   they did an amazing job in the war amd should be commended for it . 
  of course they should . 
  but not by creating puppet governments . 
   nor on the other moral compromises at the war 's end . 
  great britain did not go to war to save the jews from hitler 's torment ( and did not succeed ) but to protect the freedom and integrity of poland , an aim that churchill , with roosevelt 's encouragement , abandoned at yalta . 
  worse still was the forcible repatriation of prisoners to torture and death in russia and yugoslavia . 
  and yet all this was not simply conspiracy or betrayal : the iron curtain , with half of europe under soviet rule , was a painful but logical consequence of the way the west had let russia do most of the fighting . 
  [ via american site ] ( http://www.boston.com/news/globe/ideas/articles/2005/05/08/how_good_was_the_good_war?pg=full ) . 
   the world was not yet divided into two hemispheres of influence , but the western powers were obliged to accept stalin 's role in the territories liberated by soviet tanks . 
  central and eastern europe were henceforth under the exclusive control of the red army . 
  it seemed that stalin took the view that each power would finish up by imposing its own political system wherever it exercised military control . 
  [ via french site ] ( http://www.cvce.eu/obj/the_division_of_europe-en-d01c006d-55ec-4c69-a3d2-f4577f0e9b4c.html ) . 
  and last , but not least , from your country 's archieves :  roosevelt and stalin made a secret agreement on soviet territorial gains in the far east in return for soviet participation in the war against japan . 
  the big three settled the issues of united nations voting rights and poland 's government and frontiers . 
  [ source ] ( http://cgsc.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/singleitem/collection/p4013coll8/id/3687 ) . 
  you are not illiterate ? 
  but you said that :  i am pointing out that it is idiotic to blame the usa for poland being invaded . 
  so either you are , indeed , illiterate , or you like to put words in other people mouths . 
  which one is it ? 
  similarly :  not only do you blame the usa but you also deny the cold war pretty much existed and the ussr just committed suicide one day just because . 
  where i said it ? 
   do you have any sources that claim the ussr would have gladly returned to their border after yalta that is n't some polish nationalist ? 
  what ? 
  it 's not about what ussr would do , but what west allowed them to do . 
  but you know what ? 
  the more shit you write the more i agree with very far right nationalist in my country - we should side with nazis , because in hindsight it probably would be better for us . 
  either we would end in devil 's pit like it happened in real life - but at least there would be reason for it , or we would end like other countries - occupied by western allies , but wealthy . 
  i know that literacy rates in usa are rather low , but maybe you should reread what i wrote earlier . 
  i do n't blame usa for invasion of poland - i blame them for what happened after that . 
  and you know what ? 
  you can take money invested in poland during cold war if you can go back in time and do n't sell us to ussr . 
  we will be much obliged . 
  `` role playing the victim '' ? 
  either you do n't know what role playing means , or you are utter cunt , mate . 
  and revisionst history ? 
  mate , who is revisionst here ?
