  i have problem with your denial of what it is . 
  that 's the beauty of brainwashing !, 
  you do n't even see it . 
   but hey , if we americans are brainwashed and delusional , then obviously europeans are fucking pussies who have a sense of entitlement and a superiority complex where they think that they 're the best . 
  nice logical leap there , mate . 
   and while we 're on that , is n't conscription an actual thing in some european nations ? 
  in some , yes . 
  but no one is painting it like it 's `` community work '' to `` strenghten patriotism and spirit '' . 
  on top of that in majority you can go to non-military civillian substitute ( like hospital ) . 
  man , i knew that americans are delusional , but you are really , really up there . 
   also , by that logic , then britain is obviously going to recolonize its territories . 
  what this even have to do with anything ? 
  their cadets are older than your program , yet no one is in denial what they represent . 
  and you come here and tell them that cadets are some sneaky way to recolonise something . 
   most of my friends do n't even give a shit about the military . 
  i clearly do n't give a flying fuck about your anecdotal evidence , because clearly that brainwashing is working pretty well . 
   former united states secretary of defense william cohen referred to jrotc as `` one of the best recruitment programs we could have . '', 
   general michael e. ryan , then chief of staff of the united states air force , testified that `` almost 50 percent of the folks that go [ ... ] out of the air force junior rotc go into one of the services by enlisting or going to rotc or going to one of the academies  general james l. jones , then commandant of the marine corps , testified that the value of the marine jrotc program `` is beyond contest . 
  fully one-third of our young men and women who join a junior rotc program wind up wearing the uniform of a marine . '', 
   general eric k. shinseki , then chief of staff of the united states army , testified that `` our indications are about 30 percent of those youngsters -- we do n't recruit them , as you know . 
  we are not permitted to do that . 
  ** but by virtue of the things that they like about that experience , about 30 percent of them end up joining the army , either enlisting or going on to rotc and then joining the officer population . 
  what are you smoking , mate ? 
  at least england is not in denial what cadets are . 
  you are either delusional , or in denial , if you defend it like it 's some kind of noble charity organisation . 
  i will quote you without any changes here : * sure , we learn about military ranks and wear uniforms and learn about military customs and do military drill * we do military-related stuff , * ( we use a ranking system too , but we must always use `` cadet '' ( rank ) * we 're really just sort of playing marines * we ( or at least my instructors ) use certain aspects of the military to help our companies build leadership skills and just build up discipline . 
  * the military funds the respective service branches of jrotc * we use aspects of the military because the military is unique * battalion * we say the pledge of allegiance and sing the national anthem , it 's to instill a sense of unity in people . 
  * i have n't even touched an actual rifle in the program aside from drill rifles ( which ca n't even fire ) * yes , it 's military orientated , but we are n't taught on how to shoot rifles/pistols , learn battle tactics and strategies , have classes on how to put on a gas mask , or any military things like that . 
  heck , we do n't even use real military ranks , just varied versions of those ranks ( c / ( rank ) ) . 
  * it 'll give us a big edge over the other recruits at bootcamp you are literally talking about paramilitary group without using that word . 
  on top of that even that information are not exactly correct . 
   the jrotc program stresses military discipline , [ 36 ] [ 37 ] with a curriculum that emphasizes study of military science and military history . 
  [ 38 ] cadets typically wear their uniforms once or twice a week , usually standing for inspection , with the exception being those cadets who attend a jrotc-based military academy . 
  their creed encourages conduct that brings credit to family , country , school and the corps of cadets , loyalty , citizenship and patriotism . 
  [ 39 ] many cadets participate in extracurricular activities such as drill , color guard , rocketry or orienteering . 
  at least two-thirds of jrotc units offer rifle marksmanship programs , and most of these have rifle or pistol teams . 
  you still do n't see it , do n't you ? 
  mate , you are writing black on white what it is , yet you are trying to deny it on every step . 
  they grew up in three different countries , they speak different languages , have different historical backgrounds , listen to different music , eat different things , follow different teams sometimes in different sports and so on , and so on . 
   like , it 's hard for me to imagine that a londoner could have so many differences from a parisian or berliner . 
  that 's a first thing you need to understand then . 
  they have many difference and you have some very simplistic view about culture , because seemingly you look only on some parts of popculture disregarding everything else . 
  [ you rang ? 
  ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/400g-nycha-residents-risk-crumbling-homes-article-1.2591539 ) and obviously , that 's just the top of [ the iceberg ] ( http://time.com/23232/new-york-city-is-crumbling/ ) . 
  should we look at other cities ? 
  how many times this can be repeated ? 
  yes , pc and software around pc is american based , but americans are projecting their lives on us and are assuming that we are surrounded by american products . 
  and what goods i 'm buying from them ? 
  you can argue about visa and microsoft , amex is virtually non-existent here . 
  and your point being ? 
  you found 5 american corporations * in enormous mall , good for you . 
  on top of that you were asking about people buying stuff , not american companies existing on the market - you are simply overestimating how important american companies , outside of tech/software , are for `` average person '' . 
  on top of that many companies you see as american , in this day and age are simply multinational conglomerates . 
  * and 3 of them with trash food ... and one trash coffee . 
  nike shoes many , many moons ago , but nothing else from that list . 
   stella artois ( busch ) , domino 's , mcdonald 's , hilton , marriott , best western , estee lauder , opel , merck , citibank , mastercard , coke , apple ... literally nothing from that list in last few years ... 
   does n't czech sound like you 're trying to be cute to poles ? 
  more , or less . 
  it 's not `` cute '' per se , but ... generally funny . 
  it 's hard to describe , it 's somewhat uncanny valley in positive way . 
   i think other slavs usually find your language a bit weird . 
  but it works both ways  there are many subtle and not so subtle differences in slavic languages , often reflecting differences in history of our countries . 
  but czech is still funny with their krtek and shit , 
   which the electors can ignore . 
  yeah , but this never happened , afaik . 
  so this would create shitty precedent and shitstorm on unimaginable scale . 
   it would at least double , maybe even triple , world gdp and as a human first it is our duty to fight for it . 
  yeah ... about that ... definitely would n't happen in this day and age . 
  yeah , i wonder how this `` fixing '' would look like . 
  i suspect it would be worse for these communities than war on drugs ever was . 
  why do n't you play it yourself ? 
  i know there 's price-barrier if you want * everything * , but if you like games like that you can get pretty nice `` price per hour played '' ( probably one of the highest nowdays ) . 
   you can literally never use a credit card your entire life , walk into a bank , and get a fantastic loan assuming you are n't in debt . 
  15 % od credit score is `` length of credit history '' , additional 10 % is `` diversity '' of credit types , 35 % is payment history . 
  so 60 % of your fico score is literally tied to your previous behaviour . 
  so good luck in taking credit , if you are older , regular person without any credit history . 
   my credit rating is above average for my age group . 
  do you have credit ranking ? 
  because maybe you are confusing terms here , or you actually have such ... stupid system in lithuania ( it would be quite surprising to me ) . 
  yeah , those 300 million guns are only in texas , right ? 
  and even in most anti-gun state you have currently shitshow debate about gunlaws . 
   but you do n't live in a german culture , do you ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  do you live in area where second amendment exists ? 
   shut the fuck up . 
  oh , how nice of you . 
  not for the first time in this sub . 
   i am stating my experiences , not claiming they are representative . 
  but he did n't ask about your experiences , did n't he ? 
  he asked about incorrect parts . 
   and only real crazies would love the idea of holding `` murderous power '' in their hands . 
  oh , yeah , because you really lack crazy people , right ? 
  oh , yes , anecdotal evidence , the best evidence . 
   it 's across the river and i have to take a ferry across i have bridge to sell , are you interested ? 
  but serious question : why ferry ? 
  would n't it be faster by bridge ? 
   is your corner stores priced higher than your grocery store ? 
  in many cases our corner stores are our grocery stores , mate  or by `` grocery store '' you mean super/hipermarket ? 
  and it has nothing to do with gas prices , since in many places you have supermarkets within walking distance . 
  our cities really do n't look like american ones , to help you visualise , look at [ this ] ( http://alainbertaud.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/diagram-barcelona.gif ) .
