  i have mind blowing news for you : look at exchange rate for yen . 
  and why guess at all and make assumptions based on that ? 
  do n't you see it 's logical flaw ? 
   i guess yeah , i would n't guess that you guessed . 
  we all know that there is one proper answer here : korwin krul . 
  definitely do n't expect small talk from stranger . 
  because you are both standing in que it does n't mean you are friends . 
  same with waiters in restaurants - they wo n't act like your friends , they wo n't check on you every 5 minutes , because waiters in restaurants should be almost like ghost ( at least that 's general opinion ) . 
  as a rule of thumb you really should n't discuss politics and religion ( especially if you are from `` preachy '' part of texas , because treatment of religion is very different , even in case of religious people you will meet ) . 
  there is one important thing why our rvs are smaller - no sane person will take exam in drivers licence category that he would use only for that , so most rvs will be in b category ( up to 3.5 t ) , while in the usa you can drive much bigger cars ( if it 's good , or bad is whole another discussion ) . 
  you have , like many americans in this sub , pretty skewed view about countries in europe . 
  and , of course , you have to start talking about usa . 
  many countries in europe did n't emerge by `` recognition '' of other countries , they emerged in many cases by uniting local tribes . 
  it 's bit more complicated . 
  even domesticated animals can be abused in circuses ( especially traveling ones ) . 
  i would rather not see any animals there than create rules what animals can and can not be part of circus . 
  the sad truth is that most of animals used for our `` entertainement '' have problems in the long run - be that animals in circuses , or grayhounds in racing . 
   i do n't know that number . 
  yeah , exactly . 
   but there are dozens of organizations with around a hundred members each . 
  i personally know this from welecja , arkonia and polonia . 
  yeah , there are not , but that 's not the point . 
   and i 'm sorry , i do n't know any polish academics anyway , but since all of their members are in the university or have been , and there are plenty of professor fraternity members in estonia , i am sure there have to be those in poland as well . 
  so ... you do n't know anything , yet you are talkng about it with such certanity ? 
  i could n't care less about fraternities in estonia , mate . 
  like i said many times - i never met student , or professor that was in university 's fraternity . 
  neither i 've seen fraternity . 
   what is wrong with that ? 
  what is wrong with an organized social life ? 
  obviously - nothing . 
  but if they are exisitng for sake of exisitng ... they exist for self-validation . 
   but i did show you that there are fraternities out there , did i really not ? 
  yeah , and ? 
  you are aruging about tens of thousands of people and enormous impact on life . 
  yet - no one besides you seen them . 
  the more we talk the more they look like big foot . 
  i 'm third person from poland repeating it to you . 
  they are underground organisations with dozen of people ( at best ) that had sense during partition of poland , not now . 
   here are most likely more than a thousand members in poland in total . 
  or not , since you ca n't give us any number . 
  once again , if there is so many people there , why i 've never seen any , even in biggest universities in poland ? 
   from the top of my head , ignacy mo\u015bcicki , your president . 
  for god sake , mate . 
  are you really pulling out mo\u015bcicki as example of contemporary fraternity culture ? 
  did you check their birthdates ? 
  conlusion of it should punch you in the face , it 's so obvious . 
  if you would even look at numbers provided there this organisations in span of almost 200 years had in total less than 5000 people . 
   how can you be arguing against it ? 
  do n't you really know what a subculture is ? 
  because there is more people playing football with trashed can on school corridors than there is people in those organisations . 
  yet we are not talking about `` trash can football subculture '' . 
   why are they idiotic ? 
  because it 's self-validation and classism in the roots of it . 
  i 'm talking about people like you - talking about them like it 's cult that can do so much for you . 
   why are the unnecessary ? 
  why they are ? 
  fraternities in today 's poland are as neccesarry as `` lotne uniwersytety '' are - in other words - not necessary at all . 
   there is a small number of fraternities active at most polish universities i presume . 
  presume is very important word here . 
  you presume that fraternities are there , even if they are not . 
   for example my university in estonia had more than 15 of them with close to a thousand active members . 
  good for you . 
  talk about your country then , stop spewing bullshit about other , ok ? 
   the meaning comes from german landsmannschafts that started this tradition . 
  what is wrong with that ?? 
  i 'm talking about names of polish `` fraternities '' that you mentioned in other comment . 
   sometimes groups of thousands of people if not tens of thousands . 
  nice megalomaniac you are . 
  from one hand you are claiming that they are small organisations , now they are tens of thousands of people . 
  if they are so big , why i did n't met anyone ? 
  no leaflet , no ad , ever . 
   educated people , professors etc. 
  and yet they do n't believe ... give me examples of `` educated people '' in my country that were part of university 's fraternity . 
   there 's nothing cultish about it . 
  considering how much you are touching yourself talking about them - i beg to differ . 
   is n't that just plain idiotic ? 
  yeah , fraternities are idiotic . 
  your defense of them is too . 
  you are arguing that there is some kind of `` fraternities subculture '' in many countries , when there is none ( in context of universities ) . 
   what the hell do you mean ? 
  that you need some kind of group of people that is validating you on every step . 
   and if you have n't interacted with them , how the hell can you say they are weird ? 
  if they would n't be weird , cultish and/or unnecessary they would be all over the place . 
  actual science clubs , sport clubs and hobby clubs exists by dozens in every university - fraternies not . 
   they are usually named after historical regions !, 
  yeah ... about that - maybe you should research meaning behind them . 
  everyone in the whole thread is repeating the same thing : fraternities basically do n't exist , especially not in the sense op is aking about , but you are fixated on them like they are almost god given . 
   and i have to say this is your loss . 
  my loss ? 
  no , not at all . 
  i do n't need some kind of weird circlejerk of fraternity ( that the more you talk about them the more cultish they look , especially looking at names you mentioned ) for self validation . 
  two people in whole poland with basically no active organisation is not subculture by any means . 
  literaraly in my whole life i 've never met person in `` fraternity '' , neither in big student cities , or in smaller ones . 
  saying that they exist is borderline dishonest . 
  `` subculture '' ... yeah , and korwin is `` almost president '' . 
  man , do n't talk about things you know shit about . 
  i will throw in my 2 cents . 
  how you judge food ( as a whole , not by singular dishes ) really depends on your background . 
  for instance : many englishmen visiting poland really like our food in general , but i 've seen people with completly different tastes ( like from spain , or mexico ) saying it 's bland and boring . 
  yeah , but / u/jaimebgdb was talking about spanish camping sites .
