  you know shit about history , especially history of the region , history of ww2 , history of communist era . 
  your fucking ignorance blows my mind . 
  i think until you actually take some book and read it , or hell , even read some wikipedia articles , we have nothing to talk about . 
   poland and it 's armed forces did not exist when the us entered the war . 
  you know what ? 
  if you do n't understand what you are talking about we do n't have anything to talk about . 
  and you drop this gem on top of that :  you continue to ignore the facts and try to present the case as if the war was the west vs the ussr , rather than the west + ussr vs nazi germany . 
  * you * are trying to paint it like that , not me . 
   if ee is so willing to sacrifice for a perceived ally please explain the absence of a meaningful reaction to the ukraine war . 
  perceveid ally ? 
  since when countries in ee were allied with ukraine ? 
  i think you forgot that warsaw pact does n't exist anymore . 
   the ussr already held ee . 
  not officially until the vote . 
   the us and poland did n't fight together , what a bullshit . 
  at least get your facts straight . 
   they did n't have close ties before the war given that during that time our contries basically did n't coexisted , bar interwar period - it would be hard to have `` close ties '' . 
  but it does n't mean there were no ties , starting from rather big polish community to helping with `` polish cause '' . 
   no , they did not . 
  the only reason dday was launched was to ensure the soviets did not take all of continental europe . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  nice one there !, 
   during the warsaw uprising the us took a cold view of things but they were still opposed to the soviets . 
  that 's really helpful , thanks . 
  sadly , it 's not even true . 
   if china invaded mongolia would you feel obligated to help the mongolians ? 
  if we were on the same side of conflict - yes . 
  machiavelli much ? 
   the only people left to have a voice for ee were the ussr puppet governments or did you want the polish united workers party represented ? 
  considering that our government in exile existed until 1989 i think we would have bit more options than two mentioned by you . 
   by the time the us joined the war poland had already been defeated and occupied . 
  and what 's your point ? 
  by the time usa joined the war polish army in exile existed , recognized government existed , polish army was recognized as ally under occupation . 
  with your logic france was even in worse position than poland , yet we are not talking about how screwed was france after the war . 
   also fighting on the same side does not mean you are friends . 
  by that logic the us was obliged to help the ussr aswell . 
  and ... they did . 
   and rooservelt arguing the long view , because he did not feel an obligation towards poland . 
  and that 's why we are still talking . 
  because it 's view that only sociopath , or someone with double standards would n't be ashamed about and yet you are defending it . 
   ee was liberated from nazi germany by the ussr . 
  we were n't liberated . 
  we were `` liberated '' . 
   not by western europe . 
  but in the end fate of the ee was decided on conferences where we did n't have any voice . 
   however if someone has no obligation to help you , you do not get to feel slighted when they do not . 
  of course . 
  but your logic is flawed . 
  or you are actual psychopath/sociopath and there is nothing to talk about . 
  either you treat people that fought on your side from the beggining as cannon fodder , or you have weird definition of `` obligation '' . 
   the ussr is the one who had troops marching on the city who then halted and allowed the revolt to be quelled and it is their political efforts that lead to the us delaying and considering . 
  and like you said , on the other side we have churchill begging roosevelt for help . 
   i think we are being sidetracked into focusing on the us , whilst i am more concerned with western europe 's part . 
  in the bigger scheme of things - they were all allies . 
   no , the ussr took ee from nazi germany . 
  anything after that was a recognizing of the facts , not a giving . 
  ee was `` liberated '' from nazi germany and according to treaties we should have free elections and you know how it went . 
  so there 's one inbetween . 
   did the us have obligations towards ee ? 
  are you one of this `` we do n't care about you , go fuck yourself '' people ? 
  ee was part of allied forces and soldiers from ee were fighting in every theatre bar pacific . 
  i think obligations at that point are implied . 
  with your logic : polish soldiers should n't fight in france , britain , africa , italy , once again france , netherlands , belgium , germany . 
  there was no obligations . 
   describe some of these inbetweens then , if you will . 
  the biggest one ? 
  circular reasoning of roosevelt during and after warsaw uprising . 
  roosevelt said during warsaw uprising : we wo n't help them . 
  if warsaw was liberated by polish forces , like it was intended , stalin would n't have as strong claims to poland . 
  but then during yalta conference roosevelt said `` i could n't do antyhing for poland '' . 
  edit : wild g removal . 
  no , ee was given to stalin . 
  mostly by unwillingness of roosevelt . 
  it 's funny how people in the west see wwii as black and white , how helping ee is equal to war with ussr . 
  there is so many things in between , but you conveniently forget about it . 
  in the past / r/murica was satirical , too ... 
   what a beautiful thing to say . 
  and then you ruined it with german language , 
  in europe as a whole ? 
  in some countries , probably . 
  and if it 's known in other countries it 's not for cereal ( if people even connect the dots ) . 
  considering your urban spread ( and followed by that rather low population density in cities compared to many cities in europe ) i would say that skateboard will be useful in only few cities in the states . 
  [ this ] ( http://alainbertaud.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/diagram-barcelona.gif ) is good graphic to compare it ( and generally understand public transport in cities ) . 
  rule of thumb : if your share is calculated as a percent of your earnings - benefits are calculated from that ( so both renta and emerytura ) . 
  it 's not enormous amount of money , but it 's often more than one time nnw payment . 
  and like i said earlier - this may be not only type of benefit they can get , but it 's one that resembles `` life insurance '' the most . 
  if they want to study they can get free/subsidise housing and food , other types of benefits ( altough often they are not high ) , etc. 
  you should read your own link , mate . 
   this money would be super low . 
  depends . 
   no matter how much money parent earns . 
  renta rodzinna is based on past parent 's earnings , with set minimum . 
  and why are you using dollars , afaik it 's not our currency . 
  on top of that you can have other types of social help , including one from university . 
  and you are thinking about insurance ( like nnw ) . 
  i 'm talking about social help . 
  but like she/he said - it may be covered already . 
  in poland children that lost parent ( s ) can get money : * until 18 , or * when they go to school , or university ( if they are younger than 25 iirc ) . 
  if you are not creating anything unique most probably cost and effort to outcome ratio would n't be worth doing it `` your way '' and people would look for metric equivalent . 
  it 's like asking : `` can i buy renault in the usa ? '' .
