  there is nato , but ukraine is not part of nato , so they ca n't send troops there without ask for help from ukrainian government . 
  without it this would be plain attack . 
  similarly with un peacecorp . 
  so what you want to do now ? 
  this could only escalate the conflict . 
  but this was done for a reason . 
  it was n't just for purge , like in other places invaded by mongols . 
  they never tortured people without a reason , they `` just '' killed them ( many , many people ) . 
  oh norway , do n't be silly . 
  you always have fair share in winter sports . 
  but poland have nice medals from very young sportsmen . 
  we had good chances for two medals in marathon too . 
  no , we 're not too hard on you ... yet . 
  and top 3 does n't mean anything . 
  mods are here to decide and like you see , almost everyone are in favor of their decision . 
   / r/europe could need some silly or funny posts . 
  maybe sometimes . 
  stupid ? 
  never . 
  for me this subreddit is for integration with other europeans , to comment on recent news , not for fucking porn . 
   why is that such a problem ? 
  why ? 
  because most of us want civil / r/europe , without stupid posts . 
  there is many topics you can talk about ( even fucking athletic euro cup ) , but you want `` porn parody '' . 
  just thank god that i 'm not mod here . 
  i would delete it , ask you to post it again and then delete it once again . 
  to be honest , i do n't even know what do you want in that post ... 
  thanks for the insight ( contrary to popular beliefs , not every pole lives in uk  ) . 
  so there is difference after all . 
  in poland `` dzielnicowy '' is regular policeman , mostly low rank , or new in police . 
  like / u/culmensis said , in many cases it 's first contanct policeman , especially in cases like domestic violence . 
  thanks . 
  it looks like pcso is similar to polish `` dzielnicowy '' ( it 's hard to translate , but probably the best literal translation would be `` district officer '' , or closer to your pcso , `` community officer '' ), 
  is n't smart only used in london/city of london ? 
  just out of curiosity . 
  if i remember correctly in poland it looks bit differently . 
  polish police headquater ( the highest in chain of command ) is buying cars in `` batches '' ( by call for bids ) and then is distributing cars between police stations ( basically by replacing old cars ) . 
  this are `` regular '' police cars , like kia cee 'd , or mercedes sprinter . 
  there are more specialised cars too , for example given to voivodeship headquater , like opel insignia , for `` highway patrol '' , or given to counties with rough terrain , like mitsubishi l200, 
  yeah , i ca n't agree with this album at all . 
  it 's `` take one , do n't mind the others '' , but in every country there is variety of different police cars . 
  in poland we have more police cars than lancias , everything from alfa romeo , to mercedes ( and probably still some leftovers in smaller cities ) . 
  looking only by our history ? 
  hungary would be higher in rankings than czech . 
  but we 're not neighbors for quite some time , so it 's hard to tell now , because who knows how our history would look like with this border . 
  yeah !, 
  sorry for that . 
  it would be too beautiful if swiftkey knew how to spell krtek when i do n't remember . 
  oh , go away and take krtecek with you !, 
  ( i hope i remembered how to spell krecik in czech ), 
  hey pat , it 's not obvious !, 
  ( or mat , i never remember your name , neighbor ) . 
  i see what you did there . 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  is n't holy war between france and uk more like a running joke now ? 
  ofcourse i do n't count sport here ( both football and rugby ) . 
  seconded . 
  i 'm in favor for czech over slovakia . 
  i love people from both countries , but czechs are bit closer to my heart . 
  totally unexpected . 
  like [ spanish inqusition ] ( http://www.skepdick.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/spanish-inquisition.jpg ) . 
  because this `` troll '' had 133850 karma on links and over 6k on comments ? 
  and it 's only one of the accounts . 
  so , yeah , people seen this shit and people cared . 
  maybe he was n't directly involved in / r/europe , or maybe he was . 
  he definitely had ... interesting `` views '' ( `` trolls '' ) about europe . 
   the european mind does n't work the same way ours do , op . 
  not only do europeans have no sense of basic decency , but they also do n't have any sense of logic or reason . 
  their brains run solely on blind emotion , and they are naturally drawn to authoritarian , collectivist ideologies ( e.g. 
  racist fascism ) . 
  there 's a reason why we treat them like incompetent children . 
  europeans are not capable of taking care of themselves . 
  every time they have been given any sort of authority , it has led to disastrous consequences . 
  without the us to guide them , europeans will simply revert to being the savage , violent , and viciously racist animals that they are . 
   thankfully , europe is finally getting what it deserves at the moment . 
  or :  honestly , i ca n't wait for the next isis attack on european soil . 
  the thought of jihadists going open season on europe turns me on so much . 
  i get incredibly giddy every time i hear about new terror attacks in europe . 
  with any luck , isis will soon use their new mustard gas and/or sarin gas supply on europeans . 
  i ca n't even describe how overjoyed that would make me . 
  are you like a crazy person ? 
  i 'm not sure if it 's sarcasm , or not , but i will throw some more informations from article . 
  it 's not a [ big town ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9arem ) , but definitely not the worst place to live . 
  according to article they had new apartment ( so probably built after 2000 , it probably was n't the biggest one , but from the other hand it was n't `` social housing '' , it was regular apartment built by `` housing cooperative '' ) , fully furnished with shit like tv , internet and they even gave them bikes . 
  but using borderline undemocratic system to create arbitrary status quo is not way to go . 
  if you want to eliminate problems it 's not how you should do it . 
  you should do it by education . 
  it 's almost like saying : you know what would be better for multi-ethnic countries ? 
  dictatorship from someone not related to represented ethnicies . 
  let 's send canadian to be dictator in bosnia !, 
  he will rule them politely , treating everyone equally !, 
   if fptp was imposed in bosnia , then political parties would no longer rely on their ethnic-based voter base and start trying to appeal themselves to all citizens ( regardless of ethnicity ) in an effort to chase the median voter . 
  yeah ... because they ca n't do it know , right ? 
   in 50 years when the democratic culture in bosnia is established like in western countries and they 've gone through numerous party systems , then bosnia could probably try pr again . 
  because politicians would want to change system that keeps them there ? 
  seems legit . 
  yeah , fptp is one of them and this one was pushed . 
  they were n't talking about ranked/alternative single member constituencies . 
  from the beggining it was about fptp . 
  no one was talking about alternatives to fptp .
