  none were harmed , but the idiots were convicted of terrorism . 
  it can have all forms and shapes . 
  the pirates did n't get enough signatures in the carribean . 
  it was hypothetical . 
  and yeah i think so . 
  rutte basically promised to never work with pvv , but never shut the door to gl . 
  so if vvd voters would rather see wilders in government than klaver , then they should n't vote vvd . 
  vvd 's point is pretty clear on pvv in this regard . 
  except that it 's clear that d66 for example has a mandate to work together with vvd . 
  it 's clear that they want that , and so do their voters . 
  it 's also perfectly clear that they both refuse to cooperate with wilders , and apparently that 's also the wish of their base . 
  so if d66 and vvd can get a majority while pvv is the largest party , that 's what the majority wants . 
  nah , it wo n't effect the formation much . 
  tomorrow all fraction leaders will appoint an explorer , who will report back next week when parliament gets installed . 
  in that week it will be clear that wilders ca n't form a government . 
  he 'll present and advise that to parliament . 
  after that parliament will appoint an informateur who will start negotiations with the parties that can form a coalition . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair . 
  even if he gets 25 % of the votes , which is not realistic at all , that would mean 75 % did not vote for him . 
  wilders is loved by a small percentage , but pretty much hated by the entire other part of the electorate . 
  other parties simply do not have the mandate to work with wilders , therefore a coalition with wilders is not what the majority wants . 
  cu made a sharp turn to more left-centrist and more progressive policies though these elections . 
  i think they 're awesome now , but they were different before . 
  we have the best turks !, 
  note that it is planned at doggersbank , which is a europe natura 2000 nature reserve . 
  employing economic activities there wo n't be easily achieved . 
  wwf was already up in arms about this idea . 
   few countries had above 50 % death rate i wish you were right ... : / http://www.annefrankguide.net/en-us/bronnenbank.asp?oid=20747, 
  wilders peaked in november-decemer last year , due to his trial , and is only losing ground the last month . 
  i do n't really think brexit had a large effect anyway . 
  trump coincides with his recent downward trend , but that trend could also be attributed to a few campaign errors instead of trump . 
  do n't know the exact definition of terror bombings . 
  but is it really that much different from london or dresden ? 
  the goal was a dutch surrender , not just rotterdam . 
  the threat was clear : utrecht and amsterdam would be next . 
  while a military goal , it was achieved with ( the threat of ) terror bombings . 
  also , they did n't quite catch the french , as the french and dutch forces in zeeland did not surrender and fighting continued there . 
  or to my bitterbal !, 
  sure , and i feel sorry for them . 
  but it does not absolve them from responsibility , nor does it give them the right to bitch about the food safety organization . 
  and on that scale some of the eggs tested too high . 
  i am just saying that the farmers should n't bitch about the food authority who are just enforcing toxicity limits . 
  but what 's your point actually ? 
  yeah that 's true . 
  and it is a bit sad , because farmers are usually in a tough spot financially . 
  and perhaps we all should pay a bit more for our eggs so this kind of shit does not need to happen . 
  but do n't blame the food safety for doing their job . 
  the farmer organization blaming the food safety organization pisses me off to no end . 
  if you do n't want the food safety board making a big deal out of this , perhaps the farmers and their cleaning companies should not have used toxic shit . 
  luckily the ranking consists of more than one item . 
  you can always skip the top ranked and take something else . 
  do you also think / r/europe is junk if the top comment is crap ? 
  stedelijk is a great museum as well to be fair . 
  especially if modern art is more your thing than dutch master painters . 
  do n't let your dreams be just dreams !, 
  thanks for your concern . 
  i think we 'll manage in europe though . 
  and do you honestly believe that people listen to that imam ( source ? 
  ) , and think to themselves : ` yeah , i 'll go to europe and make loads of kids such that my religion may become a majority in a few decades in a country far away . ', 
  who the fuck thinks that way ?!, 
  and i 'm pretty baffled that you think that 's a realistic scenario or threat . 
  i 'll give you that , integration has n't worked that well . 
  however , it 's by no means an unsolveable issue . 
  just look at the antilleans , surinamers and mollucans ( mallacans ? ), 
  in my country , the netherlands . 
  they used to have issues , and still have , but have greatly improved the past decades . 
  but seriously , think again about the outbreeding statement . 
  no it 's not semantics . 
  the difference between walking or inviting is their goal . 
  they did n't come here to ` jihad by migration ' ( wtf ) . 
  they came here for work , and stayed for their kids . 
  not because they wanted to fight a jihad , lol . 
  i do n't know why you keep bringing up the battles our ancestors fought 500-1000 years ago . 
  it 's not relevant , at all . 
  you 're clearly sprouting nonsense , so i 'll leave it at this . 
  i do hope you find some peace of mind regarding muslims . 
  know your history mate . 
  they did n't walk in , we invited them in the 60s and 70s . 
  western europe and scandinavia had a lack of workers . 
  therefore our representatives went to north africa , turkey , the commonwealth for the brits , and spain and italy . 
  in some cases we even selected them in their countries . 
  we asked them to come . 
  noone ever intented them to stay though . 
  we did n't , but neiter did the migrants plan on staying . 
  so neither party really bothered to make an effort in integration . 
  when a lot inevitably did stay , it was a bit of a surprise . 
  and voila , 40 years later we have disenfranchised groups of citizens everywhere . 
  but blaming ` jihad by migration ' is just stupid , sorry . 
  it 's pretty obvious why they came here , so there 's no need to make stuff up . 
  vvd and cda are quite good at claiming their ` jewish-christian ' values though . 
  although it 's just a front to exclude people , as they 're not really basing policy on those values . 
  did those economy projections include / u/lionellempl 's visit ? 
  because that guy drinks double digits into economies . 
  oh lol did n't read it myself properly either . 
  shit , our trade surplus is 2.5 times as large as germany 's in absolute numbers . 
  rotterdam must be the root of this . 
  everything that goes through rotterdam gets exported for more , and a shitload goes through rotterdam . 
  also amsterdam is in the top 10 or 20 ports of europe if i recall correctly . 
  i have no clue whether this is good/bad for us or others though . 
  and if it 's bad for anyone , how would we even go on reducing this ?
