  it 's really embarassing . 
  instead we built two new coal plants for god knows why . 
  i especially did not understand this part in the thought process . 
  voting for leave would 100 % fuck up lives of brits living in gibraltar , in ni and on the continent . 
  millions of people who would negatively be impacted by a brexit . 
  did the brexit campaign honestly believe the small chance of their lives improving was worth fucking these people over ? 
  or did they just not care about their fellow countrymen ? 
  i thought it 's actually the other way around . 
  almost every country renounces your citizenship once you apply for a new nationality . 
  dutch parliament dismissed a vote to get a referendum with 136 - 14 . 
  a referendum is n't going to happen unless it becomes a key thing in the general elections next year . 
  and even then it 's going to be hard to get a majority in favor . 
  as a british european law professor said : ` dishonesty on an industrial scale ' . 
  i just burst out laughing at your response . 
  thanks for that, 
  well , enlighten us !, 
  most of us have n't heard much details . 
  which is n't weird , because last i heard they 're still negotiating . 
  maybe the ramadan is taking its toll ? 
  eu obviously , because he does n't let norway and some would-be eu members in . 
  i suppose that it 's a matter of viewpoint . 
  if most of the regulations come from global bodies , i do n't get why stupid eu regulations are an argument against eu . 
  you could make the case that by being in the eu you have a stronger say in these global negotiations : stronger together . 
  i doubt china really cares what norway 's say is on cucumbers . 
  but this could probably be seen either way . 
  loss of sovereignity vs strong negotiation position . 
  i do n't really get that checklist . 
  i do n't understand the implications of most of those points . 
  however , it does seem to be a bit false . 
  first , i read somewhere that norway pays per capita more than the uk . 
  no idea who to believe , so might as well calculate it myself . 
  norway pays ~ 870 million euro for 5 million inhabitants : 170 eu/inhabitant/year . 
  uk pays # 8,500 million ( 11,000 mln euro ) for 65 million , which is roughly 170 eu/inhabitant/year . 
  so , just as much actually !, 
  second , norway is part of schengen , and that 's where that brake is relevant . 
  that ` brake ' was used past year by austria and germany by imposing border controls . 
  uk already has border controls and is n't even in schengen , so they 're already in a better position than norway is immigration wise . 
  concluding , that checklist is pretty wrong in some of its facts . 
  edit : uk has no voice/veto on global bodies ? 
  huh ? 
  i 'd like to see some examples . 
  https://www.amazon.com/heinz-original-sandwich-spread-270g/dp/b004avas02 dunno if it 's worth it to order though . 
  it 's important to realise that norway pays more per capita towards the eu than the uk , while having no say in the regulations . 
  norway needs to comply with the eu to enter the free-trade zone . 
  therefore , it is likely that 90 % of the eu regulations would be kept if the uk opts for norways mode the swiss model gives more freedom regulatory wise ( though in practice they choose to follow most eu regulations anyway ) . 
  however , it requires a lot of continuous negotiating on eu and switzerland side . 
  it 's not very likely the eu is very keen on another switzerland . 
  also , the country is n't entirely free as it does n't have the negotiating power the eu has ( see their referendum on limiting immigration : the eu is n't really budging there ) . 
  i was going to say that the uk is n't weird , because we have it in the netherlands as well . 
  and then your wiki link said that it 's popular in the uk and the netherlands . 
  til the uk and the netherlands are weird . 
  no idea , but these would be my guesses : 1 ) lots of people stop to get fuel in luxembourg , combined with low number of inhabitants might inflate their fuel use . 
  could n't find exact numbers , but i read ~ 60 % of lux energy import is oil , which is mostly sold at fuel stations . 
  and only 1/5th of fuel sales are domestic . 
  2 ) one of the highest gdp/capita , gdp is pretty tightly related to co2 emission . 
  except that the hague and rotterdam were pretty against . 
  had a majority in favor of the treaty . 
  and some smaller dots on the map here and there . 
  you 're not wrong , but i do n't think the size of the cities had much to do with it . 
  username checks out . 
  it 's a very utilistic viewpoint , and i agree with that viewpoint . 
  personally , i want zero deaths from terrorism and i feel bad for the families . 
  realistically , i do n't want my country to go ballistic and on full lockdown because of these few deaths . 
  it 's ineffective at best and contra-productive at the worst case . 
  it 's different from the spanish flu or ww1 . 
  resources mitigating those risks are resources well spent . 
  with terrorism it quickly turns into measures that do more harm to our societies than terrorism ever could . 
  we 're the 17th biggest economy . 
  so we 're not nothing . 
  and come on , it 's quite the non-argument . 
  the entire world will have to pull their weight , us being small is not an argument to not hold our part of paris . 
  tragedy of the commons also applies here : we will all be better off if we curb climate change . 
  furthermore , china is doing better than us . 
  we 're doing extremely poor right now , so pointing to others is pretty weak already . 
  i did . 
  stood right underneath a few actually . 
  in my opinion the noise was n't bad at all . 
  i do n't think you hear it much at all at 400m . 
  at 100m it 's less db than a highway , yet people live right next to those . 
  so 400m should be more than enough to limit noise disturbance . 
  not achieving paris is your alternative ? 
  let 's fuck up our world because we do n't want our countryside to be ruined ? 
  rather have it flooded by rising water levels ? 
  do n't you think you 're being a little short-sighted ? 
  and i have bad news for you . 
  onshore wind is already cheap enough to compete with fossil energy . 
  offshore wind is making huge improvemente ( see borssele wind parks ) and will achieve price parity in the next decade . 
  so i 'm afraid they 're not going anywhere . 
  you 're exaggerating a bit mate . 
  there 's no way thousands of families live close enough to a single turbine to be disturbed . 
  you need at least 400m distance to residential areas if i recall correctly . 
  there 's plenty of space to build turbines without causing noise or shadow disturbance . 
  it 's the horizon pollution which is the real dealbreaker for most locations . 
  we 're not going to cut it with solar , it 's simply not enough . 
  and nuclear has its own issues ( costs for example ) . 
  if we want to achieve paris we 'll have to take everything we can get . 
  as far as i know , the border between georgia and south-ossetia is completely shut . 
  so good luck getting a georgian passport if you live in the occupied area . 
  we had a terror attack last year in the netherlands . 
  a couple of idiots threw a molotov to a mosque full of people .
