  yeah , you 're right . 
  we 've had a supermarket war for a couple of years with large price drops . 
  maybe had something to do with aldi and lidl entering the market . 
  lidl is still growing though , aldi not so much . 
  netherlands : aldi : 7.4 % lidl : 9.7 % so yes , together they have 17.1 % . 
  both are still small compared to the bigger players here though . 
  your culture clash point completely forgets that lebanon is an extremely fragile country with a volatile ethnic and religious situation . 
  i do n't think lebanon is ethnically , religiously or culturally able to handle an influx of 2 million people . 
  no matter how close the two countries are . 
  besides , i think the two countries are probably way more diverse than they may look to us . 
  the uk is probably better abled to handle the tensions than lebanon is . 
  and , my point was mainly from an economic perspective . 
  how would the uk suddenly create a 25 % increase in housing/jobs/support / healthcare etc. ? 
  where would these 14.6 million people lve/work ? 
  i 'm sorry for my fellow countryman . 
  we can be an inconsiderate bunch of rude fucks . 
  paging / u/kimi712 _ , i was typing a reply to him , but i could n't have said it any better than you did . 
  thanks for your lebanese perspective !, 
  we 're all just ignorant europeans , knowing jack-shit about indiviual middle-eastern countries . 
  i ca n't imagine having to support 2 million refugees if my country was in such a fragile balance . 
  hell , i 'm dutch , and i do n't understand what 's happening in suriname . 
  bouterse what the fuck ? 
  i was actually hoping the sarcasm was n't too obvious , but you 're right , it 's always a gamble , 
  our traditions !, 
  our social security !, 
  terrorists everywhere !, 
  sharia in 10 years !, 
  full = full !, 
  do you think the uk would be able to support 14.6 million french/dutch/german people ? 
  14.6 million would mean 232 germans per 1000 brits . 
  is n't the uk considering a brexit partially because the immigration from eastern europe is high ? 
  850.000 polish people live in the uk . 
  imagine that number being 17 times as high . 
  and then we are n't even talking about lebanon 's economics and lebanon 's own religious rifts . 
  how the fuck do they pull this off ? 
  how exactly are the trojka parasites ? 
  do you really think the trojka benefits from greece ? 
  i might be wrong , but greece is about to not pay 1.5 billion euros back to the imf . 
  that actually sounds like greece is parasiting from the imf . 
  well , i 'd be interested in the facts !, 
  enlighten us !, 
  but , that 's been his goal right ? 
  pissing on people ? 
  after all those years , i still do n't really know how he would like to govern and what he stands for socio-economically . 
  also after euro , it 's our current system for over 10 years . 
   i 'd kick out people based on their spelling  we ca n't get always get what we want pack your bags lad , it 's time to get kicked out . 
  we also fought valiantly near the hague , afsluitdijk and rotterdam . 
  the germans expected a 1-2 day war . 
  the reason rotterdam got bombed was because it took too long . 
  i do n't think the willingness to fight was the reason it was over that quick . 
  if you follow this line of reasoning it becomes even less fair to deny gay people marriage . 
  this means that they are paying for the benefits of marriage for other people and do not even have access to those benefits themselves . 
  on the news they just mentioned that it will affect roughly 500 women . 
  i 'm not against this proposal , but this number begs the question whether this is really necessary . 
  this is n't solving anything , and we 'll be wasting a lot of time on a very minor problem that will probably make the lifes of these women harder . 
  i get that it 's against european values , but i doubt prohibiting it will suddenly change the mind of these women and their husbands . 
  so was the netherlands , up to the 90s . 
  denmark continued supporting the industry , the netherlands stuck to a bit of research . 
  result : dutch wind industry is pretty non-existent and a lot of knowledge was bought away . 
  danish wind energy is a succes , dutch wind energy was a waste of money . 
  but actually i was referring to the classical dutch wind * mills * . 
  which was also what freefight was referring to . 
  nl was a wind energy pioneer ever since the 18th century . 
  so , yes , you are relatively ` new ' . 
  it is basically capacity factor x 8760 . 
  capacity factor is a more common unit !, 
  denmark is the new windmill country though . 
  we pretty much ditched most of our wind energy industry . 
  we were the biggest muslim country in the world , 
  i know that regulations demand 2.3 m doors in new buildings . 
  this was changed a couple of years ago . 
  i do n't know about the others . 
  i suppose mirrors , countertop heights , toilets are all up to personal preference . 
  for example , high countertops bring problems to smaller people ( high kitchendrawers ) . 
  interesting that you mention 50 years back . 
  because 50 years ago western europe already had a large influx of ( labor - ) immigrants . 
  mostly from northern-africa and turkey . 
  did we get more conservative the past 50 years ? 
  did we face the same issues as we do today ? 
  yes . 
  protests against immigration , anti-immigration politicians etc. 
  were already present in the 60 's . 
  this stuff is n't new , and i doubt our society will suddenly move in a backward direction because of it . 
  i tried to , i even gave you an out on your first condescending comment , but apparently you 're just here to offend for shits and giggles . 
  it 's not what i would call a civil discussion . 
  hence i bailed . 
  we obviously started off on the wrong foot , and i feel we have n't fully explored the discussion yet . 
  if you feel like it , let 's continue but cut the crap . 
   stop crying so much over getting an similar worded answer like your original post . 
  ah , but that 's the difference i guess . 
  i did n't mean to word my original comment negatively . 
  i love the germans and i completely get why they went through with the deal . 
  i do n't quite see how anyone could take my comment up like that , but apparently you did . 
  i did n't get at all where your condescending ` think hard ' came from . 
  i do get it now , but i still think it makes you a prick . 
   because it is greatly amusing how offended you are from a 2 sentence answer that is in the same tone as your original post . 
  i did n't mean to offend , you obviously did , go fuck yourself and have a nice day . 
  come back if you want to have a civil discussion . 
   i did mean it because it is an answer to alright then , you are just a prick . 
  and you completely missed the point with your ` answer ' .
