  those pagan temples and ruins should have been torn down when isis took over palmyra . 
  it 's like an ugly scar that syria gets to keep from their former brutal rulers . 
  why is spain a peninsula ? 
  yeah , been wondering that for years . 
  could a spaniard explain that shit to me ? 
  you 're right that they only show earthquakes because of tectonic activy . 
  but peak ground acceleration is the intensity of the quake itself . 
  an earthquake caused by gas extraction also has a peak ground acceleration . 
  for comparison groningen in the netherlands has seen earthquakes with pga of 0.085 , and \\  0.2 are expected in the future . 
  so in this map that would be an orange dot in the north of nl . 
  the earth trembles before your mighty shits . 
  i noticed that both maps considered the northern part of the netherlands as very low risk . 
  so i googled how the quakes ( result of gas extraction ) in that region compare to this map . 
  i found that the biggest quake to date had a pga of 0.085 and that scientists anticipate earthquakes in the coming decade with a pga of 0.2 . 
  so , actually , there should be an orange/red dot in that region . 
  just something i found interesting and to help me relate to the people in groningen . 
  sorry to bust your bubble , but our ` hellbent friends ' did n't do much in the 80 's . 
  lockerbie was n't inspired by islam either . 
  i hate to pull the racism card , but your last paragraph is pretty much the definition of racism . 
  you have been banned from / r/short . 
  this sounds like a great combination . 
  going to try it out tonight !, 
  but we were not comparing all sorts of male genital mutilation to female genital mutilation . 
  we were comparing circumcision to all sorts of female genital mutilation . 
  and while circumcision can be bad ( not denying that ) it 's simply not as bad as all sorts of fgm . 
  that 's the only point i wanted to make . 
  and is anything what i said wrong ? 
  male circumcision does n't have to be a negative . 
  it did n't fuck me up at all , and i would n't call my dick mutilated or senseless . 
  it 's fine . 
  so in my case , it 's not even bad . 
  different experiences i guess ? 
  but let 's call it quits . 
  we obviously have different experiences and we 're comparing all kind of random stuff : general nominations to specific cases . 
  it 's a useless discussion . 
  dude , it sounds like you have some issues . 
  that 's definitely not what i said . 
  where do i say it is okay to do it to men ? 
  where do i say male circumcision should be allowed ? 
  for fucks sake , stop reading into my comments . 
  i 'm just comparing the effects of fgm to circumcision . 
  op said that fgm is the same as circumcision , i just disagree with that . 
  as you said , fgm is quite broad . 
  some forms may have the same effects as male circumcision , some forms have the effects as copied from wikipedia . 
  if he had said : the lighter forms of fgm are the same as male circumcision he would have been right . 
  but equating all of fgm to male circumcision is just objectively wrong . 
  so , just to repeat , as apparently i 'm not clear enough : fgm is a broad description , encompassing infibulation which has severe health effects . 
  male circumcision is not the same in that regard , as its health effects are not as bad as some forms of fgm . 
  since the effects are not the same , you ca n't equate one another . 
  that does not mean male circumcision is okay . 
  if someone says : murder is worse than assault , do you also think he 's saying assault is okay ? 
  i 'm not saying it is fine . 
  ( although as an owner of a medically circumcised dick i do n't see what all the fuss is about . ), 
  i 'm simply stating that fgm is not the same as male circumcision . 
  20 % of fgm is in the form of infubilation : closure of the vulva . 
  from wikipedia : the health effects depend on the procedure ; they can include recurrent infections , difficulty urinating and passing menstrual flow , chronic pain , the development of cysts , an inability to get pregnant , complications during childbirth , and fatal bleeding . 
  there are no known health benefits . 
  sorry , but that 's just not the same as male circumcision . 
  it 's not a pissing contest which practice does more harm , but i find it a bit dishonest to the millions of women to equate their problems to the relatively harmless male practice . 
  and personally , it 's just weird to have your dick being described as a mutilated , senseless thing . 
  i do n't know how you can make that case . 
  fgm exists in different forms , but some of them have far , far worse effects on health and sexual pleasure than male circumcision . 
  male circumcision does n't even have to be a negative . 
  if i were to hire a negotiator , i would skip the interview and go straight to the salary negotiations . 
  hire the one who got himself the best package . 
  you did miss the point a little though . 
  none of estonia 's spending went into estonia 's economy . 
  larger countries simply have the means to produce their own stuff , making it slightly easier to spend if one gets jobs in return . 
  last week in amsterdam . 
  thursday - sunday . 
  i doubt it , do n't forget he 's been around with the pvv for over 10 years . 
  his election results never match the polls and they have never been high enough to force any power . 
  except for the minority government , which he blew up . 
  far right extremists simply do not have a large enough basis in the electorate . 
  their real power is forcing all parties to the right . 
  yeah , not going to happen . 
  current vote in parliament : 134/150 against a referendum . 
  only other serious party that wants a referendum is the left sp , and they only want a referendum on the eu 's role , not an exit . 
  so , only if the vvd joins the pvv calls for a referendum they could come close to a majority . 
  and again , vvd joining pvv is also not going to happen seeing how it blew up in cameron 's face . 
  and the ukra\u00efne referendum shitshow might have been a deterrent as well . 
  i hope the tories elect her as pm . 
  the uk has been a constant source of entertainment since brexit and i 'd rather keep it that way . 
  we should n't have built anything . 
  we had pretty new gas powered plants which are relatively clean . 
  they are mothballed now ... we were net exporters of energy ; we did not need more capacity . 
  so , why on earth did we even build two electricity plants , let alone coal plants ? 
  sure , that would certainly be a possibility . 
  but apart from biomass , countries are n't really looking forward to build excess renewable energy . 
  yes . 
  there 's a yaw motor turning the 50-100 tonnes weighing hub into the wind . 
  spot on . 
  as soon as costs and storage are fixed , population density will be an issue for renewables . 
  solar , wind , biomass , tidal all suffer from the problem that they all generate relatively low energy/km ^ 2 . 
  if you combine that with a country with a high population density and thus high energy usage/km ^ 2 , it becomes clear that those countries will have to buy their energy elsewhere . 
  i do n't know what you usually do with flowers , but i just gift them or put them in a vase and let them be pretty ? 
  you 're right that hydro is often responsible for large portions of renewable energy . 
  however that 's not nearly enough of an excuse for the netherlands . 
  denmark , scotland , germany are showing that you can get a large percentage of your energy from wind or solar . 
  we 'll he getting 14 % of energy from renewable in 2020 , with 20 % being an eu target .
