  still , an awesome island !, 
  and you are right in that aspect , good place to party . 
  no , i do n't , but i knew that already , and that 's why i said ` seem to be ' . 
  all i know is that they quite quickly did n't need the imf and ecb anymore . 
  if you know more than i do , please feel free to elaborate on your ` yu knuw nuthin ' . 
  but is portugal currently in shit , or is it going to be more in shit ? 
  because if they are going to be less in shit , i 'd say they are on the right track . 
  the track out of the mess we created . 
  the first 8 months of this year greece had a budget * surplus * of 2 billion . 
  they expect to grow 0.6 % and might not need new support in 2015 and 2016 as they will try to finance their debts on the markets again . 
  so i was serious . 
  i pulled these figures from a quick search on google . 
  to me , a responsible budget , admitting reforms are required and applying them , are signs of a man . 
  doing the same thing that got us into the crisis , not able to apply the reforms , whining how other countries point out you 're not holding up to treaties you signed as well , are signs of a kid . 
  i do n't think germany needs to grow up . 
  germany has done fine during the crisis . 
  but please , all i know is from the newspapers , so enlighten me !, 
  why is france unable to meet that 3 % ? 
  if greece , ireland , portugal can do it , countries that were in much bigger shit , and almost the entire eurozone , why not france ? 
  at least they show some growth by now , and unemployment is decreasing , that 's what i meant with on the right track . 
  they were in some shit , but how much of that was because of the crisis , and how much because of the reforms ? 
  the economic policy * france * needs . 
  europe does n't need another financial crisis with governments failing to finance their debts . 
  the loose budget policy is what got us in the crisis . 
  france has been struggling to get out of the crisis for years . 
  had they done their reforms fast and bit the bullet , they might have shown some positive signs by now . 
  spain could do it , ireland could do it , why ca n't france do it ? 
  ` economic ministers hate him ! ', 
  actually , i do n't know anything about french politics . 
  the only thing i hear every know and then is that hollande/france is struggling to get reforms through . 
  hence my initial comment . 
  i probably miss out on a lot of positive changes though , so maybe someone can enlighten me !, 
  why is france struggling to get to that 3 % ? 
  ireland , portugal , greece , spain , those countries bit the bullit and seem to be on the right track again . 
  why does france seem to be unable to get out of the crisis ? 
  then maybe france should act like an adult and get its shit together . 
  it becomes more credible if you provide a source though . 
  i think our government does not like renewable energy at all . 
  4 % of our electricity is renewable . 
  it makes sense though , we 've got gas , and we 'd rather make money with the trade of gas ( gas rotonde etc. 
  nope you do not . 
  but the sun rays are hitting the ground at an angle , thus they must go through more atmosphere before reaching your solar panel . 
  resulting in decreased solar energy . 
  this is why it is a bad idea to put them near the poles ( and is also the reason it is pretty cold there . ), 
  plenty of lakes though ... 
  yes , i agree , and i recognized that in my post as well . 
  point was though that the balance is pretty equal and that neither party will and has the capability to beat the other . 
  although europe is not unified , it is strong enough to deter russia . 
  although the military investments were low in europe the last decades , europe still outpowers russia : spending : 190 billion euro vs 90 billion russia military personnel : 1.5 million vs 1 million fighter jets : 2000 ( ! ), 
  vs 400/500 just euro nato vs russia . 
  people tend to overestimate russia , but they 're not that impressive . 
  it 's also not as advanced as europe . 
  look at all the casualties in georgia ( do you spell it like that ? ) . 
  granted , euro is not under single command , so that might hamper it a bit , but russia is certainly not able to steamroll europe . 
  our relation with suriname is a little bit troubled at the moment . 
  late to the party , but here 's my 2 cents . 
  i believe europe is perfectly able to fix its own problems . 
  the european part of nato has more than twice the budget , 5 times as much jets and 50 % more personnel compared to its biggest threat : russia . 
  i am glad the usa has forces in europe , only acts as a bigger deterrent , but i do n't think we depend on you at all for our defense . 
  the only thing europe ` lacks ' are nukes , and maybe i am glad about that !, 
  comparing to russia the numbers are indeed quite huge . 
  euro nato vs russia : spending : 190 billion vs 90 billion personnel : 1.5 million vs 1 million fighter jets : 2000 vs 400 ( ! ), 
  and bear in mind that france and uk together account for almost half of the euro budget . 
  there are plenty of countries that could stand a chance russia alone . 
  except for the nuke option , but , yeah . 
  i agree that the spending in total is perfectly fine right now . 
  the balance between countries could be better though . 
  the us would indeed , 500 billion vs 190 billion . 
  europe does not stand a chance . 
  but against russia , 190 billion nato europe vs 90 billion russia . 
  i believe russia does not stand a chance . 
  europe outguns russia in every aspect except for nukes . 
  so europe 's army seems capable enough . 
  edit : replied to the wrong post . 
  out of curiosity , is it easy for romanians to learn foreign languages ? 
  your language looks a lot like the other roman languages , including latin . 
  amazing to be honest !, 
  just putting it in perspective  the antillees are often portrayed as a never ending abyss of money , but the amount they get is a fraction of the amersfoort real estate debacle , for example . 
  so , it 's not really a big deal . 
  they govern themselves , largely . 
  and we support them in some ways . 
  they 're too small to have their own defense obviously , so our navy functions as a coastguard and keeps venezuela at bay . 
  american tourists love the patrolling soldiers ( thank you for serving your country !, 
  ) , so that may be a secondary thing . 
  every now and then one island fucks up financially and then there is a large controversy when they get a couple of million euros in exchange for some extra governance from the netherlands ( neo-colonialism etc. ), 
  however , the support they get is less than some larger cities in the nl which fucked up financially . 
  other than that , they 're doing fine . 
  and correct , the country of the netherlands no longer borders the republic of france . 
  but the kingdom of the netherlands still does !, 
  ah , or does it mean smoking a joint at busy places like parks , annoying everyone else in a 50m radius ? 
  both types can be obnoxious . 
  i do n't know where you drank your beer , but it 's cheaper in the nl than it is in latvia : https://infogr.am/how-much-does-a-beer-cost-in-europe?src=embed, 
  heh what ? 
  no , brits drink and smoke weed both . 
  they 're just loud and in large numbers . 
  and please , drink beer and enjoy the city . 
  we kind of pity you if you come to amsterdam to just smoke weed ` like a regular human being ' . 
  whatever that 's supposed to mean lol . 
  but the brits really stand out in amsterdam , no offense . 
  they 're in bigger numbers ( or so it seems ) and you recognize a brit more easy than a frenchman or italian .
