  i do n't really get why your answer warranted your tone , because it is n't much of an answer . 
  besides , i was n't really asking for an answer , especially none as obvious as yours . 
  do you really think money is the only thing to take into consideration ? 
  do you really think it is that simple to just sell because otherwise someone else would ? 
  there 's probably tons of literature available on the ethics of such weapon deals . 
  there have been debates about this specific deal in the netherlands . 
  on top of the money , the deal was very valuable in terms of diplomatic relations . 
  do n't you think the politicians ` thought really hard about it ' ? 
  and they still decided the deal was n't worth it . 
  there was probably a reason the indonesians choose the dutch over the german leopards . 
  it could have been money , it could have been additional deals , it could have been strengthening the relations , whatever it was , the deal got worse for the indonesians the moment nl declined . 
  otherwise they would n't have chosen the deal in the first place . 
  so , my examples are the same , as it did alter the deal . 
  it would have been better if germany declined to sell too . 
  then it would have made some impact . 
  a bit of a prisoner 's dilemma here actually . 
  germany did get some flak though domestically for accepting the deal . 
  later a tank deal with saudi-arabia did n't come through , if i recall correctly . 
  my point is , why on earth did you even bother to post that comment ? 
  it is a simple ( and rude , maybe even stupid ) ` answer ' to a rather complex problem . 
  do you honestly believe it 's that black and white ? 
  think a bit harder next time . 
  wow , is that conscending tone really necessary ? 
  maybe you did n't mean to , but you came across like a prick . 
  as to your point , yes , you could argue that way . 
  but it is a bit cynical and it is the same line of reasoning as ' i do n't vote because my single vote does n't make a difference anyway . ', 
  or , ` germany does n't need to invest in renewable energy because china pollutes 100 times as much anyway ' . 
  if everyone does this , the world would n't get much better . 
  if everyone would sell weapons to saudi-arabia or indonesia , the human rights situation would n't get much better . 
  that 's probably the difference in our viewpoints . 
  in our societies , the government = the people . 
  so we hold you all responsible for putin as he gets a large majority vote every time . 
  how would you approach russia if you were the west and if you would want russia to stop ? 
  crippling the economy is the current approach , i do n't see any better alternatives ? 
  it seems like it only increased domestic support for putin though . 
  the netherlands did the same a couple of years ago . 
  we did n't sell our old leopard tanks to indonesia because of human rights . 
  turns out our lovely german neighbours did n't have so much problems with the deal , so they sold theirs . 
  so i hope your cancellation actually means a cancellation in the end !, 
  it 's good on your conscious anyway . 
  yes , dutch organizations . 
  aivd is the dutch cia and cooperates with other agencies worldwide . 
  they collected information from their partners and probably did an investigation of their own . 
  the public prosecutor leads the public investigation to determine who did this and who should be punished . 
  also looking at individuals . 
  the police probably just helps the pa in their investigation . 
  next to this , there 's also the ` ovv ' . 
  this organization is involved in any aircraft crash to determine what happened and if anything went wrong on the aircraft level . 
  their final report still needs to come , but preliminary results were an outside source . 
  why not use the regular means of protest ? 
  plan a demonstration , send a letter to the representatives , become a member of a party , cast your vote in the general election next year ? 
  a referendum is not the place to make a statement as it could have serious consequences . 
  in a similar thread two days ago someone posted a report on corruption . 
  all these countries are improving though . 
  so maybe change is slow , at least there 's change . 
  you 're right . 
  i started to doubt my own example as well . 
  at least the scotland and brexit referenda had/have a fundamental importance to the scottish and brits . 
  the right to decide their own future trumps the difficulty of understanding the consequences in my opinion . 
  on the other hand the effects of this treaty on the netherlands will be marginal , while a no vote may have larger consequences . 
  i think that 's too big of a risk for the small benefit of our voice in this treaty . 
  i 'm not exactly a supporter of referenda anyway . 
  but i can see when a referendum could work . 
  if the subject is something fundamental yet easy to grasp ( scotland referendum for example ) , it certainly has merits . 
  however , the association treaty is way too complex and the outcome could have severe diplomatic consequences . 
  how on earth could the average joe grasp the effects of this treaty on trade , on the eu , on russia , dutch labormarket ? 
  i 'd rather have the government and the diplomats figure this out . 
  in this case most people are n't even voting on the treaty , but pro/anti-eu . 
  i 'm actually a little pissed that i have to vote and think about this treaty just because 300.000 want to make a point . 
  let our chosen representatives and their staff figure out complex matter like these treaties please . 
  just make your point clear during the general election next year instead . 
  in my opinion he would actually have a spine if he is able to dismiss the results in a well argumented way . 
  i could see why the government dismisses the results . 
  i hope they weigh the conseqeunces better than we will ever be able to . 
  please speak for yourself , instead of on behalf of ` the people ' . 
  it does n't represent * you * according to * your * feelings . 
  eloquently put argument . 
  a nice addition to the discussion . 
  we do have quite the examples though . 
  violent demonstrations against refugee centres have happened . 
  so , in the light of those events , a call for demonstration or ` resistance ' may be enough to warrant a police visit . 
  some initial observations : 1 ) a lot of countries fit together well in the end . 
  2 ) except the alsace , there may be a little bit of overlap ... 3 ) belgium is just a weird colourfull mess . 
  4 ) corsicans will struggle to find their exact place in france . 
  5 ) turkey will have to put in a bit more effort if they want to blend in . 
  you 're only part of the netherlands so we can piss off the belgians and control the schelde , 
  i do n't believe you, 
  bangkok is n't though . 
  you tried that trick on zeeuws-vlaanderen already !, 
  not going to happen !, 
  it 's sad that we 're even discussing this . 
  i would just get rid of the turnout requirement . 
  or make it low enough that every non-bogus issue gets past it anyway . 
  and we already have a requirement to filter nonsense issues , the 300k signatures . 
  just interpret the results as they are . 
  validating them or legitimizing them based on a random number makes little sense to me . 
  we 'll probably have another referendum . 
  already 180k of the 300k votes have been acquired to set one up , and ceta has n't even been ratified yet . 
  i hope it is n't going to happen though , the ukraine referendum was quite a shitshow . 
  i do n't need any more of that .
