it 's a nice try to get out of this mess . 
  no angry euro members , but i doubt he 'll find much enthusiasm at home . 
  ah , so in the end the uk will still pay the same to the eu ? 
  nice way of framing this deal by osborne then ... 
  the european commision did not mention this deal though . 
  is this really a thing ? 
  as a dutchman i feel screwed over now and our politicians have some explaining to do if this is true . 
  why did n't we get this deal ? 
  we did n't whine enough ? 
  edit : to be clear , good on you brits . 
  happy for you . 
  i 'm just jealous . 
  edit2 : alright , confusion settled : the other half will be offset by your rebate next year . 
  i did n't read the article good enough . 
  in the netherlands we have an important upcoming election in 6 months as well , the senate . 
  we also happen to have a party squealing for an exit and we got a bigger per capita eu payment than the uk . 
  both governments were quite surprised with the fee . 
  yet , the politicians here are dealing with it quite gracefully ( definitely w.r.t. 
  to the uk ) and there has n't been a public outrage . 
  it 's been clear that the nl is going to pay all along . 
  to me , the way cameron deals with this is the real problem . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  where lies the difference ? 
  the media maybe ? 
  edit : with ` gracefully ' i do n't mean that the uk politics is not graceful . 
  do n't know how else to word the difference in response from both governments . 
  does the deadline really matter ? 
  you 're not telling me the uk does n't have any reserves to be able to pay this . 
  if you pay it in december or next year , what 's the difference ? 
  by the way , the eu warned the uk twice that a hefty payment was on its way . 
  once in january , and once a couple of months ago . 
  to me this deadline discussion seems to show the incompetence of the uk government and my own governmemt rather than the eu 's incompetence . 
  dress how you want or feel like , but as you said , the style you described is more japanese and not european . 
  in general , noone dresses like that and it is perceived weird to most . 
  just like the plastic surgery , it is just as superficial to us . 
  in the lgbt community you might find more extravagant people or styles though . 
  in public : we do n't care what your sexual orientation is or how weird you are and wo n't judge you for it , but the more weird you * act * , the more negative responses you may receive . 
  indeed , and sadly now they are a minority in the netherlands and we 've had and still have some tensions between eachother . 
  i do n't know how much indonesians from java or sumatra live in the netherlands . 
  my guess is that it 's not very much . 
  well , in ( western ) europe physical or mental health problems are personal problems , and for that reason employers or bosses do not know this or have access to your dossiers . 
  it 's simply not their business and are not allowed to discriminate over it . 
  people are treated because they want to get better ; society does not force you to be normal here . 
  atleast in the sense that we do n't treat people if they do n't want to . 
  only if you become a danger to yourself or others treatment may be forced on you . 
  edit : i accidently submitted my comment halfway through . 
  apparently for russia it is relevant enough to seize crimea for it , or have the kaliningrad enclave . 
  a navy is still important , even if it does n't win you a war . 
  but yeah , my example probably was n't the best example . 
  that was not my point . 
  seizing crimea was impressive from a tactical point of view , but it was n't really a feat of military superiority . 
  especially against an opponent such as ukraine and the fact that russia has a large naval base at crimea . 
  and yes , they may have produced a lot , but it is not of the same quality as western technology . 
  georgia showed that their own drones were pathetic and pretty useless , to give an example . 
  they bought drones from israel , ships from france and helicopters from italy . 
  another example of the not so modern russian military , the average age of their fleet is 27 years . 
  but i agree with you , eu might have the power to deter russia on paper , but it is reluctant to use that power at all . 
  and russia is probably not really impressed by the european attitude . 
  what are the reasonably impressive operations you speak of ? 
  georgian war ? 
  georgia vs russia : 170 vs 100 military killed , 1000 vs 350 wounded . 
  russia won , but i would n't call this impressive . 
  this can hardly be called anything actually . 
  second chechnyan war : chechnya vs russia : 16.000 vs 7.000 killed . 
  regarding the strenght difference ( 26.000 vs 80.000 ) , i would n't call this impressive either . 
  i do n't know what exactly happened in ukraine . 
  anyway , it is n't really a gauge to russia 's strenght . 
  first chechnyan war and afghan war were rather unimpressive , but also too long ago maybe . 
  you say that european countries are coasting on their cold war fat . 
  russia has only recently started to modernize its military . 
  a lot of russia 's equipment is n't exactly new either . 
  i agree that european defense is being hollowed out , but i also think you are giving russia 's military way too much credit . 
  note that the european nato combined has 1.5 million troops . 
  do n't know about reservists . 
  i agree though , it still is n't an easy fight . 
   short notice in january eu officials already warned the uk it would see a large increase this autumn . 
  months ago the eu warned the uk again the increase would be massive . 
  according to [ the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11188282/george-osborne-under-pressure-over-eu-budget-row.html ) . 
  not exactly short notice . 
  if the uk did not prepare itself , fine , but do n't blame the eu for ambushing . 
  it might also be released/leaked on purpose just before juncker starts 1st of nov. 
  this way they would n't have a bad start . 
  they must have known people were n't going to like it . 
  of course the netherlands agrees with you in the iceland case , we 'd like to have the money back . 
  however , that does not mean iceland is required to pay it back , just because the uk and nl believe they have to . 
  oh man , you make me so proud about my country :'), 
  i am kind of happy never 2014get did n't become the new national trauma . 
  relevant username . 
  as others have pointed out , it 's not that easy . 
  currency is dollars / antillian gilder in the dutch part , euro in the french part . 
  language is english in the dutch part ( dutch is generally understood a bit though ) . 
  the french speak french , obviously . 
  ( no way english is spoken in french territory ) . 
  technically you are leaving the country and hence you need a passport . 
  st. maarten is a country within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  culturally it is not like the netherlands at all . 
  i 'd say it 's a carribbean island with a lot of american influx . 
  it is more focused towards the usa than the netherlands . 
  the number of american tourists dwarf the number of dutch tourists . 
  again , this is not so much true for the french part , they like to keep things french .
