  stat than some subjective measure of `` distance from policy '' . 
  you wrote pms so i thought you were referring specifically to the prime minister . 
  regarding mp 's and `` human rights '' ; you would do well to take note that we are n't the country who recently passed a `` hate speech '' law to censor an opinion that someone might write on facebook , that would be your german overlords . 
  as for leading factions ; the uk was the most outvoted country in the eu according to a study done in 2016 ( http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/special-report-would-brexit-matter-the-uks-voting-record-in-the-council-and-the-european-parliament/ ) . 
  eu never wanted the uk , or its people and values , it just wants the uk to give it money . 
  if small countries now feel put upon by lack of a bigger country willing to side with its interests , well , too bad i guess . 
  they should have considered that when siding with thought policing germany . 
  should the uk care much about what other countries want ? 
  we have always been treated as `` the other '' when it comes to eu matters and still expected to cough up a wad of cash to fund other countries endeavours . 
  now we are leaving and can no longer be the punching bag in terms of who ends up not getting their way politically . 
  smaller countries are going to get to enjoy that role . 
  theresa may will be gone within a year or two , but i 'm sure that wont stop the pro-euros from finding something to complain about in whoever replaces her . 
  the uk is/was the most voted against country in the eu . 
  i have some sympathy for smaller nations as they will now effectively be controlled by germany/france , but they should think about that . 
  no point stumping up the effort for smaller countries when it comes to their key issues if they are just going to act as fair weather allies . 
  there you go malta , most of the eu thinks that you dont matter , by junker the drunker 's very own words and the parliaments attendance . 
   i can only tell , that in next few decades , europe will have to make choice if we want to be the good guys and keep importing people , impose permanent migrant quotas and fight with each other about who must take more , or we will become the bad guys and start protecting external borders of the eu . 
  i will go with bad guys please , but then i wo n't be part of the eu by that time , so gl hf . 
  i think we can all be reasonably confident that austria is not about to invade italy , so i do n't see where there is a threat . 
  should more be done to prevent illegal immigrants from reaching italy ( and other european countries ) in the first place ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  personally if i were a western european leader i would contemplate annexing libya or somewhere similar , making it a protectorate or something whereby its inhabitants have no right of immigration , and dumping all the refugees back there . 
  why is it not that simple ? 
  not clear why the illegal immigrants can not be dropped off in the first safe port that is , say tunisia for example . 
  if thats not happening , which it isnt incidentally , why are north african nations able to refuse these people ? 
  if they can refuse them , so can europe . 
   it seems to be cultural , not just some socioeconomic issue . 
  it 's a british cultural thing to socialise and drink alcohol at work events . 
  i generally find it to be a worthwhile endeavour as i have to work with a lot of outsource contractors who are generally nowhere near my regular working location , so its the best chance to get to know them and understand how they view the project they are working on etc. 
   well , nobody else around there wants them . 
  well they should pressure the businesses who do to adapt accordingly . 
  the mayor is failing in his role if his instinct is to lash out at tourists rather than work with local business towards a resolution . 
   they really are n't . 
  yeah , there are tourists from every nationality who act obnoxious when drunk . 
  but in the case of brits this seems to be almost universal . 
  i do n't use this word often , as it seems pretentious as fuck , but i 'm not sure how the hell to describe it any other way than utterly uncultured . 
  and that 's in comparison to other drunk tourists !, 
  i 'm not exactly comparing them to the queen 's court here . 
  yet they still come off as utterly obnoxious . 
  here 's a thought for you : if you are n't keen on mingling with british party scene tourists , do n't go to the same places as them ( i know that i prefer other destinations myself ) . 
  if you/someone do n't like brits at all , well , to be honest thats entirely up to you/them . 
  there 's no requirement in life to like a particular group of people as long as you understand that they likewise are n't beholden to you . 
   perhaps they want everyone but the brits , but the brits still show up in full force ? 
  it 's not like they can say ` brits need not apply ! ' . 
  if they 're open up to any of us , they 're open up to all of us . 
  yet they still advertise , in english , to the brits , and have english speaking resorts . 
  strange way to show they do n't want them . 
  theres a difference between open to and actively seeking , and it is the latter that is on display . 
  clearly the financial gain is worth more than the supposed trouble it causes , therefore there obviously is n't actually a notable issue . 
  edit : if anything , moaning about it in the press ( rather than adjusting business model ) gets pag even more prominence and will attract even more british party goers , as they are likely to otherwise never have heard of it . 
  why do german tourists get up at 5am to put their towels on all the decent sun loungers ? 
  why do north american tourists try to an assume an idylistically stylised version of heritage when they are about 20 generations removed ? 
  why do potatoes potate ? 
  some things are a universal constant . 
  however it 's not as though youngsters of other nations are immune to perpetrating the same behaviour , the uk is more or less being made the fall guy in this instance . 
  as i 've said about 300 times now on this thread , if places do n't want british tourists with party behaviour , do n't make resorts that are geared towards it available . 
  you dont build a football field and then ban football from being played there . 
  i think you should listen to yourself before you go on about self respect and dignity . 
  i 've already explained how to solve the `` problem '' , and how it is in the hands of those offering holidays to british customers . 
  if you choose to not take that on board and just want to have a moan about british people then i can not help you . 
   why would a party island change the way it 's advertising itself ? 
  we need that kind of tourism , among others . 
  have a budget resort with cheap alcohol and loud music if you like , but do n't complain when you get the quality of clientel that goes with it . 
  cake and eating it springs to mind . 
   it just appears that the brits are stepping up the trash game . 
  if you do n't want british tourism , do n't have english speaking resorts and dont sell in british travel agencies etc. 
  there are other places that no doubt would like their business . 
  i 'm not clear on what is so difficult about implementing such a solution . 
  british culture and the late teen/early 20-something working class rite of passage is n't going to change because someone in croatia got upset about it . 
  you either want british business from that demographic or you dont , pick which you want it to be and get on with it either way . 
  i do n't have sympathy for moaning about the consequences of the successful implementation of a business model . 
   there 's plenty of other destinations in croatia with the different kind of british tourists , ~ 1200 other islands , for example . 
  so whats the problem with dropping this particular type of tourism out ? 
  as i said , change what you are offering to tourists , the price , and how you are advertising it and the problem will go away . 
  there is nothing stopping you from doing that , and it * will * solve the problem . 
  easier just to complain and blame those nasty brits though , right ? 
  personally i avoid party islands like the plague , and tend to go further afield to america or asia , so there are other tourists to attract from the uk . 
  but i do n't really see that croatia has anything to experience ? 
  shows how overpopulated the uk has become if a fraction of a single demographic can somehow flood the entirety of europe each summer . 
  sounds like someone is exaggerating . 
  `` hate speech '', 
  dont gear yourself to be a bargain basement tourist destination and you wont get bargain basement tourists . 
  simple problem easily solved . 
  one or two islamic countries over there making an effort doesnt give the other dozen or so a free pass . 
  too much money allowed to leave the country via trade deficit , outsourcing , foreign labour sending cash home , and stupid shit like foreign aid . 
  i 've got a better idea : deport them, 
   dispute about crimea is also rather old . 
  russia ceded crimea to ukraine in 1954 , i.e. 
  it was voluntarily given . 
  i should n't have to tell you that . 
   so your problem with russia 's actions is that they did n't go far enough ? 
  they did n't completly destroyed ukraine and turned it into a failed state like you 've done with afghanistan , iraq , libya and syria ... 
  interesting position . 
  my problem with russia 's actions is that they are in ukraine at all as it is a unilaterally aggressive military action . 
  a russian pretending to care about places like afghanistan is an interesting position . 
  have you forgotten the 70 's and 80 's in those places so soon ? 
   us-led coalition kills nearly 500 civilians in one month in syria in record high if russia cares so much about the well being of syrian civilians then i cordially invite it to take a few hundred thousand syrian refugees . 
  however it is clear that is not actually the case : http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/09/syria-war-russian-air-raids-kill-9400-year-160930082703222.html  but it 's against french law , international law , and syrian and iraqi law . 
  but of course you fully support it . 
  when did western countries gave a shit about the law when their interests were concerned ...
