  - i want the bbc license fee to be done away with and have them compete on the same grounds as every other broadcaster . 
  the list could go on , but there 's no point continuing to bore !, 
  going back to your point , and why i do n't just straight up vote for organisations like ukip . 
  it takes a very blinkered person not to realise that a country never needs to offer public services and a safety net to those who need it , lest they find themselves in a desperate and untenable situation . 
  should reach out to assist those in need where it is appropriate to do so , where they are in a corner and have no way out ( i.e. 
  genuine refugees and not illegal immigrants who want to pick and choose ) . 
  should n't be isolationist , in order that we can participate on the world stage and show that there is a better way forward for other countries . 
  should n't accept that a particular element of someone 's identity is important to them as mentally it helps them function as a normal human being . 
  i struggle a little bit with right wing economic policy as i favour protectionism in order to secure jobs rather than the free market approach we have at present , the world is n't black and white after all . 
  there needs to be pragmatism because while i would like policies enforcing many of the items i listed at the start of this post , an understanding that putting some effort into areas that you might not be too fond of is probably better for society overall as it helps more people progress in their lives , which leads to domestic stability and a better quality of life for everyone involved . 
  the thing is though , when the non-outlier parties on the political spectrum are completely and utterly ignoring things that align with my outlook that happen to be important to me , and are doing very badly at or make no discernable effort towards things that they claim to stand for , who do i vote for ? 
  in the uk , labour and conservatives are losing chunks of their vote to ukip simply because they are ignoring their voters who want social policies to be more to the right than they are at the moment , coupled with it sitting as a pretty high priority in people 's minds right now . 
  in germany afd is gaining ground for what i presume is very much the same underlying reason . 
  in summary , to answer your question i think that probably yes ; if established parties offered a more acceptable middle ground position on the day 's hot button issues ( currently social ones , which surely are among the easiest to adjust ) , they would n't be hemorrhaging support to those with more radical positions to the extent that they currently are . 
  it 's about the left in this particular instance because there are a lack of mainstream right alternatives on offer in that particular policy sector , a monopoly in fact , which means that there is a huge disparity between people who are left minded on social issues in power , and the rest of the population who have to pick up the tab for it . 
  when talking about the uk , i think you put the finger on the button when you mention corbyn , because typically in a time of relative political turmoil you would expect to have a strong opposition party picking up on what the population appears to want and work in into a manifesto that will get them elected . 
  unfortunately we do n't have that at the moment as corbyn is not only as ideological as they come , but is n't savvy enough to be able to hold his own party together . 
  it has left a big gap that no one else is really in a position to fill . 
  the lib dem 's already crippled themselves politically and are pro-globalism anyway and would n't be willing/capable of changing tact , and the snp are busy lurching to the left to soak up all the scottish labour voters ( and at the start of a path that will ultimately see them lose out in my opinion ) and do n't have an appropriate mandate to argue on behalf of the whole of the uk anyway , and again are determined to stick with the globalist cause . 
  all of which of course means we are left looking at third tier parties like ukip who would previously be considered to be completely unelectable but are now sitting at roughly 10 % of the vote because of the failures of mainstream politics in responding to the populace . 
  this pretty much means that they have now earned a seat at the table that lends them credibility rather than the derision they would probably still have without the migration crisis . 
  obviously this is just my opinion , but it ultimately comes down to a schism in government , combined with a very weak opposition , who seem to be happy to disregard quality of life for the average person at home even though the knock on effect is that we ( as a country ) grow increasingly resentful of , and detached from , the rest of the world around us . 
  i think it will be difficult to be an outwardly looking nation again for a while , until we find and elect some real statesmen who have a genuine passion for organising and making a difference to improve life domestically as opposed to the career politicians we have at present . 
  the rise of nationalism in the current day is simply a measure of how sick people are of the regressive left and their various policies that are at the expense of the everyday citizen of insert-country-here . 
  if all these pro-immigration/globalist etc politicians sat and took a long hard look at themselves in the mirror and asked if they were truly doing a good job for the people that they were selected to represent , any that said yes could be considered to be truly deluded , as they are following an ideological path rather than one of pragmatism , not only attacking average joe 's personal finances by using taxes to service that ideology , but also in many cases their sense of identity by trying to force people out of considering themselves to be british/german/french / italian etc. 
  the fact is that only the more `` extreme '' parties on the right are willing to address most people 's major concerns at the current time favorably , while the rest are happy to continue to increase the various burdens that they have placed on their citizenry without any end in sight . 
  it should n't be like this of course , but here we are . 
  no need for turkish occupation in cyprus either , but here we are in current year and it is still the case, 
  to be honest , i can appreciate the sentiment around wanting to keep something that you find important to your identity as intact as possible , even if i might personally have a negative view on that particular thing . 
  but maybe do n't try to import islamic culture into europe and you wont have any reason to get upset over it being bastardised . 
  there 's 2 sides to the coin . 
  on the one hand , hahahaha on the other hand , also hahahaha . 
  if a more reasonable party found a sensible position on the issue to limit illegal immigration then surely they would be making those 10 % gains . 
  working to secure the rights of eu nationals already residing within the uk seems reasonable , and i can support that position for sure . 
  i do find it interesting that they do n't want all of these skilled go-getters to move back home for some reason . 
  sending plenty back home to their families and therefore out of the uk economy , i guess , which is less helpful . 
  i can literally take my entire team from the uk to barcelona in order to have a day meeting and stay over and back the next day for cheaper than i can move them by rail to a domestic office . 
  do n't know what it 's like on the continent , but its a bit of a joke over here . 
  news just in ; climbing on top of lorries in an attempt to illegally enter a country is a dangerous thing to do , and is worth an entire 16 paragraphs of effort to the virtue signalling league champions of uk `` news '' media . 
  maybe you should get out of europe so that byzantium can be restored while we are at it . 
  no , they were always there , they just were n't newsworthy . 
  having a mad dictator at the helm kept it in check for the most part . 
  go on , do it . 
  we left iraq too soon , rather than have a generation grow up under a new system, 
  it seems to me that the eu bureaucrats believe that the people work for them rather than they work for the people . 
  i like how the teams involved are as follows : group a : 1 . 
  europe 2 . 
  usa ( apparently no longer in north america ) 3 . 
  canada ( not to be outdone , also no longer in north america ) 4 . 
  czech republic ( no longer european ) group b : 1 . 
  finland ( guess the fin 's are n't european either ) 2 . 
  north america ( who the hell is in this team if not murican 's & canadians ? . . 
  mexico , is that you ? ), 
  sweden ( they misspelled syria . ), 
  i was being flippant with that part . 
  the regressive left like to play the feels card with regards to letting everyone and their granny into europe , but why should n't they favour stability in libya instead when it would benefit so many more people ? 
  what 's the problem with addressing the actual source of the issue instead of trying to play pass the parcel with millions of illegal immigrants within the eu ? 
  to be clear , i 'm not advocating colonisation , i 'm advocating running it in a european way for a while and handing it back once it looks like a viable nation that wo n't collapse the moment someone blinks . 
  the reality is that culturally , african and potentially middle eastern illegals will be more at home with each other than they ever will be in a western country . 
  enough are to merit significant intervention on their behalf in a way that benefits everyone in the long run . 
  there must be families getting split up right left and center , some of them never seeing their relatives again thanks to civil war , drowning in the med , and whatever else , have you no heart ? 
  they obviously do , otherwise they would n't all be making a beeline for the spaghetti and pizza capital of the world , and would be making sure that their radical muslim brethern did n't risk the rigors of those heathen lands to the north lest they either drown in the attempt or be led astray once they got there . 
  maybe these thousands of people , especially any who work for the guardian , should all go to syria/libya/etc and sort out the problem at that end , then . 
  they are obviously very motivated and therefore should be capable of doing a marvellous job , no ? 
  a refugee stops being a refugee when they enter a `` safe '' country illegally and fail to claim asylum at the first opportunity . 
  fair enough , but on the other hand , there 's no better time to start than the present . 
  all these depose this guy and put these guys in type efforts seem to fail hopelessly without holding the fort for a considerable period of time . 
  might as well use that time to stabilize the country being adventured in and make sure that dangerous radicals that threaten generally accepted human rights are negated . 
  why should n't italy look out for it 's own interests ? 
  i doubt anyone would object, 
  sure , and then we will get the qq from people claiming that france and the uk are imperialist monsters . 
  damned if you do and damned if you dont . 
  for what its worth , i see annexing libya and using it as a dumping ground for illegal immigrants , and a training ground for administrators , beureacrats , police , military etc for a couple of decades as a valid option . 
  because people are getting very tired of the regressive left wanting to invite everyone in , childishly chucking around the `` racist '' and `` xenophobe '' cards when people disagree , and therefore polarizing them out to more extreme political positions as a result . 
  ultimately , try to bully people into a position and they will punch back . 
  pretty much a significant contributor to why brexit has happened as well . 
  the current solution within the eu is pretty much `` keep letting illegal immigrants in '' . 
  this is something that can not be allowed to persist . 
  then find an alternative to merkel who are willing to push back in a sensible way , preferably a group that are n't quite as far out there as afd, 
  why ? 
  it 's not like the sand dunes are going to protest . 
  nobody wants people to die , but at the same time , italy ( or wherever else for that matter ) should n't be held responsible for the idiotic choices of foreign nationals that they make because they see themselves getting a free ride at the other end . 
  in fact i would go so far as to say that helping them encourages more to make the same choice . 
  there needs to be an alternative to bringing them into europe . 
  personally , i would simply put them right back on the shores of their likely point of origin . 
  libya is effectively a non-country at the moment . 
  taking it over and securing the worthwhile parts at least , sending all the illegal immigrants there , and building it up as an eu satellite state for a couple of decades before setting it loose would n't necessarily be a bad thing . 
  it looks to me that an eu army controlled by the eu is a 1 way street to stifling opposition to the eu internally ( for example a catalan breakaway state ) as opposed to any appropriate purpose that it should be serving such as securing borders effectively . 
  i ' t not much for conspiracies , but if this comes to pass , there 's every chance that you will see troops from country x being used to deal with dissent in country y and vice versa . 
  if they are letting these illegals through then they arent doing much of a job guarding their own border in the first place . 
  meh , just sounds like an article telling people to go buy new cars, 
  i think a lot of that really depends on whether we have access to the single market or not , which in turn depends on a bunch of stuff that the uk wants but the eu does n't want to permit , so its all a bit catch 22 . 
  so will euros who want to watch iplayer be paying the bbc license fee , or can we scrap it already ? 
  yes , yes , we 've heard all the rhetoric before . 
  despite all the bluster and posturing , no one really knows what outcome will look like until we get there , and so far the uk are hardly crashing and burning . 
  it is as simple as the following : the single market is still desirable to the uk , but we wont pay absolutely everything to retain access to it . 
  what this czech envoy fella wants is the status quo , which simply is n't going to happen . 
  compromise must happen , or bye bye single market , and we will action all those other things we want instead as opposed to just some of them . 
  mr czech envoy assumes that the uk are willing to accept any cost to remain in the single market , and his wish list is effectively `` any cost '' . 
  the fact of the matter is that these are the very things that the uk voted against , and retaining them all will not be acceptable to the british public , so it is highly likely that we will be leaving the single market rather than accepting all of those items .
