   you mean they are taken advantage of . 
  if that is how you want to word it , sure , because they are , as they are entitled to at least the minimum wage . 
  however by failing to recognise their rights , or by ignoring them , they become part of the problem and are seen as such . 
  kind of , but the problem really comes down to employers who think they can work the system to avoid paying what they should be , and the reason eastern europeans take the blame is because they are seen to be going along with it and are a softer target . 
  there are also further implications of fom that put the uk at a disadvantage due to language and relative wealth , however this is reasonably far removed from minimum wage legislation . 
  but yes , more should be done to prosecute unscrupulous employers who dont adhere to what is right and proper . 
   no the minimum wage encourages unscrupulous employers because in the current system you get so many self employment contracts that have no rights and no minimum wage anyway and illegal undocumented employment just to avoid the minimum wage . 
  `` self employment contracts '' are a loophole exploited by the very same unscrupulous employers who would pay you 50p an hour if they could get away with it . 
  the problem is the people involved , not minimum wage policy , and these zero hour contracts etc are gaps that need closed . 
   the minimum wage also encourages employers to just pay based on time instead of performance . 
  that 's a better way of telling people their time and effort is worthless while also hitting productivity . 
  any worthwhile company will have some sort of bonus scheme involving targets which sits on top of annual salary . 
  this is typically particularly prominent in areas dealing with sales . 
  again , this is just an excuse and nothing to do with minimum wage . 
   tax credits are paid to people on minimum wage anyway so i do n't see how the minimum wage is a good way to keep people off benefits or out of the poverty trap . 
  who pays for those tax credits ? 
  no minimum wage = taxes are going to go up on company profits . 
  why should companies who pay their employees fairly be penalised in order to make up for scummy employers who do n't ? 
  and why should the govt have to carry the ball for this in terms of increased administration ? 
  it is far better for the economy and the wellbeing of society that people have money in their pocket to stimulate the country rather than 1 guy who pays people 50p an hour getting a 2nd bentley . 
  they are legally required to pay appropriate renumeration for labour right now . 
  it 's not a question of `` if '' . 
  employers , outwith nepotism , will pretty much always aim to hire the most skilled , engaged and enthusiastic people they can get , regardless of what they are expecting to pay for it . 
  the minimum wage is not a factor in this . 
  wages are stagnant already , and need to go up , not down just because some employers think they are above the law and hold their employees in low regard . 
  not having the minimum wage is a great way to encourage unscrupulous employers , keep people on benefits & in the poverty trap , and teach people that their time is worth nothing and therefore they shouldnt try very hard . 
  used newspaper sources for debenhams and endole.co.uk for the others : - debenhams profits last year : # 105.8 m - pembrokeshire care limited : didnt post accounts in 2016 , however 2015 accounts show # 66k more in bank than 2014 - mr lorenzo berni trading as osteria san lorenzo : not ltd company , couldnt find . 
  - tag hotel limited : # 110k more in bank than previous year - wh recruitment ltd : # 45k more in bank than previous year - drivecheck limited : # 311k more in bank than previous year - mrs helen dey , mrs karen clark , mr harry clark , miss jessica clark & miss jennifer dey trading as tiny turners nurseries : not ltd company , couldnt find . 
  - community integrated care : # 4.4 m more in bank than previous year - mr anthony y lloyd & mrs peta s lloyd trading as fallowfield country house hotel : not ltd company , couldnt find . 
  that 's the top 10 offenders from the list , there are no hard luck stories from the ones i could find , and i doubt there are any amongst the ones i couldnt . 
  they are all in a position to be able to pay their employees at least in line with legislation . 
  the merit is that if employers are incapable of complying with employment laws then it is not appropriate that they should be running a business where they are illegally taking from what their employees are rightly due for their time . 
  it is necessary to implement a severe law such as the one i suggested to counter this behaviour in order that business owners understand that their remit only exists within the boundaries of what they are legally required to do and not what they would like to be able to do at the expense of others who are beholden to them to some degree due to being employees . 
   not until people who are a little politically unhinged get elected to govern for whatever reason . 
  you wildly overestimate the likelihood of this type of regulation being abused ( in the uk ) , the rest of the economic system is entirely balanced against it . 
  you include as part of the law either that minimum wage rises are announced at least 6 months before they come into effect , or alternatively that businesses have 6 months to comply with the new rate . 
  it 's inherently not in any country 's governments interests , other than communist ones , to gut private business as it would severely deter investment . 
  the treasury has the responsibility to set the correct level/s of minimum wage , and it is in their interest to create more taxpayers in stable employment but not on benefits . 
  just because companies might not want to comply with wage laws is not a valid excuse , and if they can not then they need to rethink their operations . 
   let us now also assume that the government will be less than ethical that is an unreasonable assumption to make , unless we were talking about somewhere more dubious . 
  we could be doing with some sort of law whereby a companies assets are seized , put under the control of a government administrator , and sold off , and the owners banned from running a business in circumstances where employers are not paying the minimum wage . 
  would put a stop to this pretty sharply . 
  you can have the bbc if you want . 
  consider it a parting gift . 
   check your own history , it was one of your comments that got deleted . 
  here is a citation from it : fair ; i did check if i had , but missed that ^  i do agree , we have problems in sweden , but not as extensive as you and others make them out to be . 
  but no , the refuge and immigrant crisis here in sweden has had absolutely no implications on me or any of my friends . 
  so i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  not my fault if you live up near the north pole in an igloo with polar bears and santa , or indeed anywhere else that the immigrant horde is not . 
  or perhaps you do live near them and you have simply donned your rose tinted glasses in support of your lunatic left government . 
   absolutely , this is a discussion board , not made to throw insults at nationalities . 
  obviously you do n't read many threads containing hot button topics . 
  i suggest that you start now if you want to go around reprimanding every post that offers a comment that you find to be `` insulting '' . 
  you will be at it for a while . 
   i would love to discuss all of swedens problems with you , if you laid out your reasoning with more ground and in a sensible manner ( i.e. 
  not throwing insults and calling names ) . 
  i doubt there is any value to be gleaned from discussing minutiae with someone who pretends that mass immigration is not a problem . 
   i was just raised with manners , compared to you ( ? ) . 
  and as i said earlier , i would love to discuss our problems , but not with someone who prefers namecalling over reasonable discussion . 
  sticks and stones . 
  i aim to please, 
   look to the uk and canada . 
  the closest a country has come to racial harmony . 
  uk - lol . 
  scotland yes , as there has been low and therefore manageable immigration over the past few decades . 
  england , not so much . 
  canada - 3 % islamic ( 92 % christian/none ) , i 've drunk milk with more fat in it . 
  also whiter than the united states . 
  canada is a nice country , but it can afford to pose as `` inclusive '' because it does n't really have to contend with `` diversity '' problems . 
   first the feminist thread that had to be closed oh man , if only i had noticed that there were 2 threads that could have enriched my afternoon rather than just 1 :(, 
  the very same people would just latch on to other other forms of identity politics that you see today , ( race , politics , etc ) . 
  some people just seem to have a need to have a group offering some sort of moral guidance that they belong to . 
  compromise is extinct and polarisation is the norm . 
  happens when a situation is one sided for too long . 
  i sincerely hope that you do not experience any terror attacks , but the odds are good that you should remain vigilant . 
  at least it would be even handed . 
  maybe the guardian should be banned from / r/europe given that is basically the daily mail on the opposite side of the political spectrum in that case . 
  because its blatantly a shambles, 
  pound stirling ( just so we can pretend we are using sterling ) or smackaroonies are probably the 2 most likely if sturgeon 's short sightedness succeeds and we somehow dodge using the euro . 
  failing that we will probably start trading in glass irn-bru bottles . 
  not really . 
  it 's your problem as you are the country who wants to import them all rather than keep them out . 
   we germans took more than all the other eu countrys combined . 
  why the fuck you blame us now ? 
  we did enough and we take the bill for all other countrys . 
  you also openly invited them in and exacerbated the problem, 
  it 's a matter of perspective ; yes it looks like what you have written is pretty much the case , but the underlying reason through which we have come to this point is fundamentally because the eu would absolutely not budge on freedom of movement . 
  the extent of ties being cut/realigned is really dependent on how stroppy the eu want to be with the uk . 
  hands off the booze , juncker, 
  personally i would have preferred retaining some sort of access to the single market , but i think given the language that has been used from within the eu since the referendum , the bold objectives that have been put forward by may seem like the most sensible way to go . 
  no point trying to play ball if the kid who owns the ball does n't want you to play , might as well go get your own ball , basically . 
   has the eu won the first round of brexit talks before they 've started ? 
  if by winning the author means the loss of up to 290bn of exports to deal 's the uk is going to make and do business with nz , usa , aus and others then sure . 
  given that the uk will have to source a lot of goods elsewhere given the eu 's likely aggressive hard line stance , the us & uk will be able to work something out that works well for both nations no bother . 
  boris 's role is as a foil to both enhance how people like may come across when they have something to say , and also to keep knee jerk reactionaries on the other side wound up . 
  nothing wrong with deep fried pizza , especially if it is smothered in ketchup , salt and vinegar . 
  stopped reading after the first blatant lie in the article :  no one in europe wants to `` punish '' either britain or the british . 
  i have never heard any mep or european leader call for this , in private or public . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/07/uk-must-pay-price-for-brexit-says-francois-hollande  fran\u00e7ois hollande has sent one of the strongest warnings yet that britain will have to pay a heavy price for leaving the european union , adding to deep concern in financial markets . 
   `` there must be a threat , there must be a risk , there must be a price , otherwise we will be in negotiations that will not end well and , inevitably , will have economic and human consequences , '' the french president said .
