  i think the problem exists in the precedent being set by allowing the first one . 
  taken in that context , it is brinksmanship , however you need to take into account that sturgeon doesnt really give a damn about how things work out for england . 
  it 's another political complication that no one really needs at the moment . 
  and afterwards we can have a referendum about how we thought it went . 
  uk wants to be an economic partner , just not a freedom of movement partner . 
  it 's too soon for this , we can not reasonably make an informed decision until at least a couple of years after brexit . 
  suits me fine . 
  we can get a warmer climate and the us as our neighbours and you can get a perennially failing country in the midst of a lengthy drug war to deal with . 
  so much idealism in 1 paragraph . 
  ramp up military spending and have a backbone by being willing to use it , is the real bottom line . 
  i sincerely doubt that putin was `` forced '' to do anything . 
  owen jones 's meandering bullshit is a menace to europe . 
  diverse bias is not absence of bias and agenda . 
  it does n't really matter who is `` worse '' when everyone is at it . 
  it 's like 2 kids fighting and telling their mom that the other `` started it '' . 
  if media/organisations can not stick to the facts , they simply are not professional enough to be trusted on anything they say whether they be russian , western or from darkest peru . 
  thanks , i 'm now wondering if lyon looks like a city sized pi\u00f1ata . 
  at risk of tin foil hat wearing : if you ca n't see it it 's because you are taken in by it at least partially . 
  russia 's is just more blatant to us as we are generally removed from it , i bet the reverse is true for the average russian . 
  pick your country , or supranational institution , or your media publication , they are all the same shit in the same bowl . 
  it is excruciatingly rare to read an article these days that does n't carry some sort of agenda . 
  well , exactly tbh ^ , the whole damn lot is propaganda and it goes both ways , just which way depends on the source . 
  no one is covering themselves with glory . 
  would be nice to get back to a time where objectivity mattered , guess i 'm getting old . 
  be aware of all propaganda , would be better . 
  it 's possible , i suppose ; but you are more likely to find that centre right leans towards liking the economics , but oppose migration and political integration , and so such a group that favours federalism would n't really be able to draw significant support . 
  because people in that ballpark of political persuasion generally do n't consider themselves to be `` european '' in the first instance . 
  here is what the uk have contributed/are contributing : https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/545728/dfid_syria_crisis_response_summary_03_08_2016.pdf if you dont like it , get stuffed . 
  it 's not our fault that other countries are too incompetent to control their own borders effectively . 
  that report does n't even mention the 1000 chancers that sturgeon let in up here so that she could get a pat on the back in the media . 
  them 's fighting words . 
  are you ready , spain ? 
  according to the office of national statistics , net migration is +327000 as of august this year ( i assume for the 12 months previous to that ) . 
   you want them to stay after getting educated only if there is a skills shortage in that area . 
  the uk is a very different fish to the us and as such has different needs in order to prosper . 
  i guess in poland must be really hard to work out how many people you employ and how their time is allocated ? 
  i think that 's a good question that someone would need to clearly define going this route . 
  i do n't count suppliers of materials ( from your lists i count power supply as a material ) as outsourcing . 
  i do generally count contracted services that would otherwise be accomplished in house as outsourcing . 
  i appreciate that there might have to be some sort of sliding scale as to what might be typical for the size of a particular business in order to produce a functional model , as obviously the local chip shop probably is n't going to be capable of producing their own e-commerce functionality , or legal advice for example , as those functions are not part of their day to day practice . 
  however a telecommunications giant such as bt/sky/virgin media/etc , which fit very well into your selection of services above , should classify these roles as being outsourced as they are day to day functions for companies of that size . 
  i 'm picking on telecoms as someone will no doubt pipe up and say that bt and virgin media need power supply agreements to service their cabinets , therefore it is outsourcing based on what we are discussing above , however producing electricity is not a typical function of a telecoms company and from most peoples perspective is a thing they are buying to keep their computer running in order to browse reddit , therefore is better placed as a material , just like they will need to buy cabinet shells , and i assume stuff like ducts and cable ( but if they have third parties put that stuff in the ground , that element is outsourcing ) . 
  so i guess the best answer i can give is - if it is a thing rather than a person/peoples time a company is purchasing , it is a material . 
  if it is a regular business function , and you contract another company to accomplish it , especially if completion agreements/kpi 's etc are part of the contract , then it is outsourcing . 
  if however it is an ad-hoc service that is for an atypical business function then not necessarily . 
  i think with only a few soundbytes to go on , and without any clear parameters having been announced , it would be very subjective to make an assertion that could be considered as a useful and adequate reply to your question . 
  because with great power comes great responsibility , and business at the moment has all the power , and therefore deserves to shoulder its share of the responsibility . 
  ultimately , the argument generally put forward for bringing in outside labour is `` skills shortage '' , basically because companies want to hide that they are just being cheap . 
  in order to address that , we need to understand where those skills gaps supposedly are , and work out how best to get people trained and therefore close that gap going forward . 
  lots of countries operate off points systems etc that effectively restrict immigration , and people are fine with them , and businesses in those countries get by just fine . 
  companies in the uk who quibble about a similar approach are ultimately anti-british and are ignoring their social responsibility towards the market they have chosen to operate in . 
  which is exactly why i mentioned in a different reply to someone who replied to this post that outsourcing should be included in any figures . 
  but in short , i totally agree that if we are doing this , outsource must be counted as part of this activity . 
  if they ca n't control their own citizens from leaving their country , they ca n't control their own citizens being dropped right back off . 
  and yes , restrict sales of said materials to african countries , and destroy sources that are enabling the problem . 
  i promise you that even the boldest amongst them are unlikely to try to swim across . 
  sure , i tell myself that every time i walk past a certain carbonated soda companies owner 's rolls royce following a job cutting announcement they recently made  . 
  most companies do n't outsource because they need to , they outsource because they want to . 
  really depends how much of a soft touch you want to be . 
  libya `` government '' is in no shape to stop anything . 
  morocco conversely is a functioning nation who should have control over their own coastline and as such should n't need incentive for keeping their own populations in check , and dare i say , safely ashore . 
  especially as morocco is effectively a safe country that muslims in particular do not need to flee for their lives from . 
  both countries should be grateful for any assistance rendered in securing their citizens from a tragic death resulting from an ill-considered seafaring adventure by repatriating them onto said shores , and if they do n't then they should be encouraged to be grateful via financial embargos and maybe even some gunboat politics . 
  well personally i would require companies to provide the following information should they operate in any way within the uk . 
  company total roles ( fte ) ( includes outsource ) : x company uk market roles ( fte ) ( includes outsource ) : y existing uk residents hired to fill company roles ( fte ) : z 1 fte represents the equivalent of 1 full time employee , interpreted as 37.5 hours per week of employment . 
  figures must include outsource so that data can not be hidden . 
  if there is a shortage of phd 's in a particular topic we should be both gearing our education system to fill that gap , and pressurising those companies to train up their existing staff in order to enable career progression for their employees . 
  the best equipped people within a business to deal with a gap are often the people who are already on the inside , after all . 
  what the home office has in mind to cover this though , i do n't know , as i have no association with government or any political party for that matter . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i agree that the education system has been a complete shambles since the introduction of tuition fees onwards , as it has only served to commercialise the system , and has consequently resulted in potentially talented homegrown people from missing out . 
  i know that i could never have gone to university if i had to fork out 9k/year . 
  i think the education system both down south and up here north of the border needs repainted in broad brush strokes , but i do n't think that wanting to drive the focus onto educating the domestic population is a negative thing ( and i do n't really see why we cant have an international student cottage industry on the side ) . 
  as you alluded to however ; actions speak louder than words . 
   no it 's xenophobic if your hiring people based on race and nationality . 
  the qualifications for a job should n't be being british . 
  and companies hire foreigners because the odds are there are n't enough qualified british people for the job . 
  if you base it on current residency however , it is not , as we already have a large mix of races within the uk , and plenty of people living here permanently already who are/were foreign nationals , hence why the wording is about hiring `` locally '' and not hiring based on skin colour or nationality . 
  based on the above , clearly not xenophobic beyond that certain people have chosen to interpret it that way to favour their own bias . 
  i sincerely doubt that it is going to be anything other than tightening the level around the rule that currently requires jobs to be advertised within the eu for 28 days without looking beyond . 
  http://www.managementtoday.co.uk/hire-workers-outside-eu/article/1359407 so tell me , is that rule also xenophobic ? 
  or is it only xenophobic that we will be looking to apply a similar rule at uk level instead post brexit ? 
  because only a hypocrite would claim that there is any real difference between the concepts . 
   together with the non-economic refugees ? 
  sure . 
  i agree that there are people who are in genuine need of help , but when you ca n't separate the genuine cases from the chancers it 's better to err on the side of caution . 
   and how do you think that is going to go politically with our navy entering their waters ? 
  will this not incentivize those african countries to actually help refugees get to eu shores ? 
  we fuck them , they 'll fuck us they already fuck us by allowing the migrant stream in the first place . 
  they are part of the problem , so who cares what they think ? 
  if you have a legitimate need as you need those then i doubt there is going to be a problem . 
  if , on the other hand you outsourced , offshored , and brought in external staffing to/from india to save a few quid for example , then it deserves being called out . 
  the problem is that cameron headlined with aiming to bring it down to the 10s of thousands back in about 2010 or so , and was n't able to do so , so going under the 100k figure would be viewed as risking being seen as unrealistic . 
  there is to be a renewed focus on training british residents in the skills needed to gain a successful career . 
  though i do n't see any reasonable argument against `` why not both '' provided the international students are actually departing once their studies are complete . 
  dump them out on the nearest african shoreline then destroy the boats , which is exactly what they deserve for attempting to illegally enter a european country . 
  also find the rubber dinghy manufacturing factory/supply chain and bomb it/bring it to an end , already . 
  both of which can potentially ( and in my opinion should ) be done in conjunction with the route rudd has outlined . 
   appalling xenophobia from uk 's government lately false : it 's about generating employment for british residents and ensuring that companies who do business in the uk are also contributing to our society rather than just taking from . 
  slovenia sounds like a strange place .
