  edit : spelling, 
  that 's something that should be up to the people of northern ireland . 
   british long-term plans to reincorporate the southern ireland in the uk is all coming together !, 
  / s an unpopular but hypothetically viable solution , given that it would solve many of the issues that brexit will cause them . 
  that 's a very simplistic way of looking at things . 
  thats pretty epic stupidity , particularly in the current climate . 
  yeah , i 'm pleased that in the recent shoring up of the eastern front activity , we got to partner up with estonia who at least pull their own weight . 
  if estonia can exceed the 2 % target , countries like germany , canada , france , italy & spain have zero excuse . 
  we can just smuggle the cheese like that russian guy , its fine . 
  i dont see how that would work as you are closer to germany than to the uk, 
  if you have somehow decided that intelligence means `` people who agree with me '' then i think you need to back to the dictionary and renew your understanding of the definition . 
  pretty much all the places that arent in the west are shitholes because they tend towards backwards cultures and values that make them shitholes , which is exactly why we do not need them imported here . 
   they have a lot of reason to hate the west , then they shouldnt fucking come and live here then , should they ? 
  well seen as you dont have a problem with 10000 refugees , you are welcome to take them . 
  would be better to half it , tbh . 
  united nations can fuck off , totally useless organisation that needs to die off . 
  birmingham is a horrible place though . 
  the sad thing is that despite having more miles of canal than venice , it has yet to sink . 
  maybe . 
  i have higher hopes for hydrogen cars , such as the toyota mirai or honda clarity as their support model is very similar to petrol/diesel , but they do n't seem to be the popular kid in school at the moment for some reason . 
  electric cars have been shit since the mid 1800 's , and they are still shit in 2017 . 
  indeed , if you have 40k to blow , why buy this : http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/10/2016/01/2017-chevrolet-bolt-ev-front-view-on-road.jpg when even something mental but sexy like this can be acquired also brand new in the same price range with v8 spec : https://res.cloudinary.com/carsguide/image/upload/f_auto,fl_lossy,q_auto,t_cg_hero_large/v1/editorial/ford-mustang-2015-v8-gt-%282%29.jpg, 
  please , do show me where the `` most '' of these electric cars are with a range of 250 miles . 
  https://www.autotrader.com/best-cars/here-are-the-10-electric-vehicles-with-the-longest-ranges-263793 https://www.cheatsheet.com/automobiles/electric-vehicles-with-the-longest-driving-range.html/?a=viewall unless its a tesla , or the single chevrolet model , they dont . 
  as for charging : lets hope so , or the uk is going to be an even more miserable place as of 2040 ( well it will be anyway , with all the crappy electric self drive cars going around . 
  cars for people who hate cars ) . 
  how many people can afford a tesla ? 
  it 's the exception rather than the rule ( and still doesnt solve refuelling time ) , the rule being about 100 mile range and 0-60 in about 11 seconds . 
  i prefer petrol myself . 
  cars that take 4 + hours to charge and are lucky to have a 200 mile range are a poor joke to inflict on the public . 
  ugh , electric cars are shit . 
  that looks great !, 
  it 's immediate future depends on the following items : - catalonia - an effort being made to resolve illegal immigration in existing citizens favour . 
  it 's medium term future depends on : - how it deals with russian expansionism against the likes of ukraine , georgia etc - economic problems in formerly comfortable areas of the eu caused by eurozone and fom long term - balance of power being decentralised away from the more powerful voices in the organisation . 
  i do n't actually think the eu has a long term future , or rather , certainly not in its current format , as it is unlikely to handle any of the above in a satisfactory way . 
   uhm . 
  you are aware that `` us defence for europe '' is not actually in europe ? 
  it 's more of the general threat of the us intervening from the other side of the ocean . 
  us troops left in europe are few and most of them are n't even here or equipped for country defence . 
  and no , this does n't give them a say on eu energy diversification . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_deployments seems to me that there are plenty of us troops in europe , and dismissing them as a deterrent to russia is quite dishonest , particularly given that if ( most of ) europe was attacked , being part of nato would require them to take action . 
   the eu countries have sanctioned russia for the actions in ukraine . 
  the us sanctions are mainly about the last us election , something completely irrelevant to us . 
  it is up to the eu to support diversification of energy sources . 
  if you accept that this is mainly about the last us election , then how can you possibly take the position that the us should not be allowed a position on new russian sanctions ? 
  why are the `` eu '' allowed to protect their interests but the us are not ? 
  as for existing eu sanctions , if you only sanction the bits that you feel like , but ignore other items where it is convenient to do so ( because money ) , then you might as well not bother with any sanctions at all , because it goes back to the fact that germany ( or `` eu '' if you prefer ) does n't really care about solving problems caused by russia so long as it can line it 's own pockets . 
   first of all `` everyone elses '' is inaccurate . 
  oh yeah , sorry , germany and russia 's interests . 
   and no , no matter whether this decision is pro-germany or anti-germany , the us should not have a say . 
  the eu should . 
  the us should absolutely have a say given the abundance of resource they have spent furnishing europe with defenses against potential russian threat . 
  that 's their buy in , therefore they deserve a seat at the table . 
   the eu should . 
  what kind of say would you like the eu to have ? 
  `` we care more about germany getting richer than we do about russian aggression in ukraine and georgia , as well as the myriad of other injustices performed by the russian state '' . 
  something along those lines ? 
  if so , go for it , i could use a good laugh when people give that particular stance the reaction it would deserve . 
  i suppose the question i would really like to know the answer to right now is : why do germany care more about illegal immigrants from africa and the middle east than they do about their fellow europeans ? 
   again , not europe , but germany and some other eu countries . 
  you are deliberately lying to push your agenda . 
  really , i can not comprehend how they chose you as a mod . 
  are the standards for r/europe 's mods so low ? 
  he loves removing posts that say anything negative about germany , surprised he has n't had a field day with this thread yet . 
  i dont really see that it is in most european countries interests for germany 's interests to be put ahead of everyone elses . 
   one of the main reasons for theresa may 's current flailing in the opinion polls and political nosedive in the june general election is her misunderstanding of the public 's attitude towards brexit . 
  the hufflepuff post only sees what it wants to see . 
  the reason may is walking tightropes is literally due to showing a lack of competent leadership , regardless of brexit . 
  most notably the weakest election campaign by a major party in living memory ( even despite being the one who called it ) which has led directly to her current situation . 
  aww thats too bad !, 
  i 'm sure that bullying will win over the public . 
  enjoy your hugbox . 
   there should ' t be any nationalism period . 
  patriotism yes those are 2 very interchangeable words . 
   problem is that the identitarians , at least in germany , recruit people from the neo-nazi youth organizations and have strong ties to the nazi-party ( not the far-right afd , but the actual `` we-like-hitler '' npd ) . 
  the problem is , if you wring your hands and dont actually try to solve the problem on behalf of your own population , and in the case of some countries encourage the problem to become even worse ( looking at you , germany ) , then these are the types of groups that people have no choice but to turn to for assistance . 
  on the other hand if the bleeding hearts genuinely cared about solving a problem , they would be making efforts to do something more substantial to address the root cause rather than the symptom by trying to `` import them all '', 
  dunno man , i 'm pretty sure ive been on a boat more than a couple of times before for a couple of hours no further than a few miles from a shoreline and have never needed medical attention as a result thereafter . 
  interesting . 
  i would be expecting eu/uk/us to be doing more to support georgia , rather than a little bit of hand wringing and ignoring the problem . 
  seems to me that its a case of out of sight out of mind , and not being enough of a hot button topic for the usual political attention seekers to grandstand over through media . 
  your government certainly looks like it is stuck between a rock and a hard place based on what you wrote . 
  are georgia doing anything material to contest this ? 
  best wishes to catalonia and spain , and i hope it ultimately works out for both regardless of the result . 
  you are late to the party , that happened in 1993, 
  thats your choice though , greater germany , or an actual european union . 
  which do you want ? 
  at the moment it is the former . 
  i would suspect that evolving the eu rather than replacing it would be the simpler route though , no ? 
  to some degree , nationalism is only a problem for european integration because the eu is resistant to change that allows for a fairer balance of power amongst population centers . 
  as such the instigators of this plan would have to fix the eu 's self preservation mentality before anything else . 
  it would n't be unreasonable to suggest that turkey are the trouble . 
  no , thanks . 
   to unite the historical european regions and cities under the shared roof of a republic that orientates alongside the common good of all europeans , thereby raising the autonomy of these identity-establishing regions ( basque-region , bretagne , romania , scotland , bavaria , ... ) it would be necessary to break up the more powerful countries , and the more populated poorer ones , into cultural areas as otherwise you have 2 classes of citizen , the group that get their interests served by the powerful country in the bloc , and everyone else who are forced to go along with it . 
  that said , we are leaving , so do n't know why you listed scotland , 
  what are they going to do , say `` yes , that is indeed a drilling vessel '' ? 
  a new study shows that the media love articles that play the race card , delve into identity politics , and blame white people for anything at all . 
  is this why we now have so many special snowflakes running around ? 
  ( yes , yes , off-colour joke , couldnt resist ), 
   russia and china block g20 efforts to sanction people smugglers just fucking do it .
