  did n't realise i was conversing with an expert in french , international , syrian and iraqi law . 
   the left leanings in many of the western countries are just a thin veneer in front of your usual nationalistic realpolitik . 
  yes and no . 
  most of the politicians that preach it actually believe in `` progressive '' bullshit , but yes when it is actually on the line they will ultimately work to conserve their own power , whether it be theresa may giving a bung to the dup . 
  or the likes of merkel not accepting that germany 's power in the eu is too much and unbalances by going to far and ( impacting all eu members ) by throwing the doors open for illegal immigrants then trying to shore up her position by pretending there are no problems and making criticising immigrants some sort of hate speech . 
  or , well pick your example . 
  however anything you can dredge up along those lines is invariably going to be far preferable to putin having the opposition murdered regularly so that he can retain his own position . 
   you have to be blind in order not to see it . 
  look at what your government is doing in middle east , look who you support , who your allies are ... perhaps that will correct your understanding of the word `` rogue state '' . 
  because if you are trying to use it in reference to russia you are clearly misusing it . 
  we can play whataboutism all day long . 
  russia 's annexation of crimea was unprovoked ; absolutely the action of a rogue state . 
  all those kgb guys that ran the former ussr states are slowly dieing off and getting ousted and russia just do n't like it and can not handle the fact that these other independent countries want to go in a different direction in the future . 
  russia would have far more influence in the world if it stepped back from military shenanigans and worked with others to mutually progress ( particularly eastern european & former soviet states ) rather than try to keep them chained to their apron strings out of jealousy . 
  as much as it would entertain me to be able to lambast the eu for this , it looks like a very sad but not unreasonable decision , and its really more down to the decision of the doctors at ormond street . 
   do you not see hypocracy in your statements ? 
  i can see the hypocrisy in yours :  us holds cuban guantanamo a 100 year old dispute over a lease agreement is hardly an equivalent to invading and annexing crimea . 
   nato led coalition in syria holds multiple bases there and attacks government troops for even trying to approach them . 
  syria is a failed state . 
  personally , i 'd rather back assad than topple him , however russia is also more than happy to poke its nose into syria and targeting groups that are fighting against is , which does n't make them any better than you claim nato to be , which makes you a hypocrite , incidentally . 
   nato fly byes russian airspace all the time , no wonder , given how aggressive russia are . 
   nato led coalition in syria and iraq kills civilians at a tune of 500 a month citation needed . 
   many of the nato countries seek out and kill their citizens in syria in iraq without any court hearings ... 
  if you are referring to france providing information to iraq on their nationals who have joined is in order that they can be more easily found and dealt with , then i am in full support of those actions . 
  1 fewer terrorist in the world can only be a good thing . 
   and your government is central to all of this shit ... 
  so unless you plan to `` sanction and deal accordingly '' with all your allies and your own government , then sorry , you still have 0 moral high-ground . 
  if my government are central to sanctioning russia , then its good to know they are doing something useful for a change . 
   and your hostility towards russia is nothing but an aggressive attempt to weaken it . 
  i am sorry that your mindset is so pathetic that you interpret posts on reddit to be `` an aggressive attempt '' to weaken russia . 
  for clarity : i need to do absolutely nothing to weaken russia 's prominence & stature in the world , it manages to do that all by itself . 
  it 's very unfortunate , because , considering how europe has slipped socially towards the regressive left i actually prefer a number of typical russian values when compared with typical social policies in western european nations , but if you behave like a rogue state , you deserve to be treated like one . 
  ukraine never took anything from russia other than itself . 
  there is a significant difference between a country peacefully breaking away from another one , and part of a country being taken by force by another country . 
  so long as russia continues to hold territories such as crimea that do not belong to it , and continue to stoke the fire via doing flyby 's of nato airspace , and take disgraceful actions such as shooting down passenger planes , and killing people in other countries via radiation poisoning , then russia is a threat and should be sanctioned and dealt with accordingly . 
  russia is a threat because it 's actions outwith its own borders are universally aggressive . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  crimea is ukrainian territory , and the `` west '' has not taken any territory from either ukraine or russia . 
   what corner ? 
  do you see russia advocating for harshest economic sanctions on germany ? 
  do you see russia advocating putting military bases and troops around germany ? 
  what corner are you talking about ? 
  i see russia invading other countries and annexing land that does not belong to them . 
  hey everyone , here 's iceland volunteering to take all the illegal immigrants !, 
  looks like we have a solution !, 
  left wing states want immigration , and in regards to reforming the eu , well , you might as well try to reform a brick . 
  maybe if your glorious fuhrer did n't swing the doors of immigration wide open to all then various countries in europe would be dealing this illegal immigrant problem a lot more handily . 
  this is what happens when you have one country in a political union able to effectively dictate to everyone else i suppose . 
   if italy follows through on its threat , it could affect the work of several non-governmental organisations and non-italian merchant vessels performing rescue operations in the mediterranean sea . 
  if italy follows through on its threat , it could affect the work of several non-governmental organisations and non-italian merchant vessels performing ~ ~ rescue operations ~ ~ ** ferry services ** in the mediterranean sea . 
  fixed it for you , financial times . 
  arrest the crew and conviscate the ships next time they make landfall . 
  i have no complaints about this . 
  go for it , france !, 
  the government pretty much has all your data it needs already ( or at least it should ) , particularly if you have a passport . 
  an id card is more or less administrative convenience for the card holder than anything else ( less waiting around to get things done ) . 
  i do n't see any reason to have to carry it around , just have it effectively being tied to being able to work in the uk , linked to your passport number , and details about your citizenship and any visas . 
  if you need to present it for any reason then you would have to take it to wherever you needed to present it to , just like say , evidence of address when you are opening a bank account , or getting a new job or whatever today . 
  it 's basically just a case of taking the system that handles the permanent resident cards for non eu citizens and amalgamating ni onto it , and of course rolling it out to everyone . 
  honestly , its pretty much high time that everyone in the uk had an id card ( replacing or derived from national insurance number ) and tied to passport & other information . 
  it would potentially make managing and processing a lot of things much more fluid . 
  for some reason i get the impression that this whole feud between saudi/qatar probably has as more to do with the falling price of oil than `` who is funding the terrorism '' . 
  you cant have a federal europe as a single nation until you dissolve the eu into areas of roughly 5m-20m people , and to do that you need to dissolve larger members like germany , france , etc. 
  otherwise you will get those larger countries dominating the eu , which is what you are moving into right now , and is simply unfair on other members . 
  similarly , people will never cede their national identities in favour of a european one , so good luck continuing to shove the square peg into the round hole mr verhofstadt . 
  on a scale of 1-10 of being annoyed , this topic registers as a `` entertaining thread to make a flippant remark '' / 10 , so not clear on what you are getting at . 
  on the other hand actually ... if the uk were n't white i suppose it would be cultural appropriation and they would have to stop !, 
  enjoy your sausage rolls america . 
  i wonder what the us will `` invent '' next time an american accidentally sets foot in greggs . 
  no , we should have a period of amnesty beyond which eu citizens should be following standard uk immigration rules . 
  that 's funny as i have n't been around since the 60 's  there is very little to be gained from following the lead of a generation with very little life experience and a lot of ideals . 
  the last thing we need are whining millennials trying to steer the ship, 
  surprised uk is so high , did they only ask students ? 
  he should go down in history as junker the salty, 
  erdogan ; while no one wants a war ... put up or shut up . 
  arbitrary changes to what they think the uk should pay only serve to show the eu up to be the unprofessional flaky liars that they are . 
  ergo , what they think the uk should be paying them is n't worth the statement it is cited on . 
   the us state department has issued a travel alert for its citizens going to europe , citing the continued threat of terror attacks . 
  this is not unreasonable . 
  work for the citizens you are supposed to represent , not the ideology of ever closer union . 
  if this was germany who blocked it because of someone moaning about immigrants , seeing the opposite response from the same people would be pretty interesting . 
  censorship is idiotic . 
   eu prepares for united ireland membership post-brexit . 
  headline should be : eu wastes time and money . 
  there you go poland , do n't do what germoney and france want you to do on strictly social matters ? 
  enjoy being sanctioned within your own economic block . 
  there 's the future of the eu for everyone right there to see . 
  thats on top of a previous 4 million to the same group . 
  people want the politicians to follow through and do what they said they would , so the data looks about right to me on that basis . 
  whether they will actually fulfill expectations or not remains to be seen . 
  sheep 1 - 0 russian spies, 
  til : 45 % of a single poll is `` most '', 
  i dont know , why dont germans consider that 1.5 m of their inhabitants needing to rely on food banks is a national disgrace ? 
  uk foreign aid spend : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39658907 - summary of budget http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/57d95a521800006c32bd156d.jpeg - countries getting the most `` aid '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/19/ethiopian-spice-girls-given-5m-british-foreign-aid-despite-previous/ - ethiopian girl band reference clearly much better to spend it on those things and have a country where people need food banks to survive , amirite ? 
  dont worry , we can still waste 12bn on things like third world nuclear powers and ethiopian girl bands . 
  its interesting , especially given that she will need to bring her absolute best a game to round 2 if the polls are to be believed . 
  does n't show other parties such as snp who have about 4.5 % themselves , or greens etc. 
  its 4 % tops according to office of national statistics . 
  so basically the uk political system is discriminating against straights . 
  ah , now we know why our current crop of politicians are so utterly incompetent at the moment , labels before ability eh ?
