  as i 've already said , germany should get it 's own paddle boats out if it 's that concerned . 
  the difference in our opinion is that you prioritise helping people with a genuine humanitarian need , and i prioritise stemming the problem before it reaches europe as i consider the genuine need to be significantly less than advertised . 
  either way , surely you can see that maintaining the status quo will not lead to a solution ( you have advised as much by referring to italy as the only hospital that 's becoming overcrowded ) . 
  closing the libya-italy route is the only way to prompt action one way or the other regardless of which of our points of view it favours as well as the short term impact on the illegal immigrants . 
  you will see absolutely no change otherwise , and italy will continue to have to carry the can . 
  other hospitals are n't taking them , did you not read the article ? 
  please understand that all of the doctors are by this point very tired of patients with fake ailments looking for a letter that will qualify them to loaf around and claim disability benefit . 
  fair comment , no value in getting comfortable with this cottage industry , i agree , seize and scrap the ships, 
  agreed , though the ngo 's would eventually run out of money continually having to buy their own ships back . 
   nhs must be really bad if it brings everyone to the same hospital , even when it is saturated and director says that they can not take anyone in . 
  now that is what i call stupidity . 
  yeah , which is why italy should be closing it 's ports to `` rescue '' vessels, 
  well i thought our nhs was bad , it must really suck in italy if the ambulance typically picks you up and takes you all the way to a hospital in another country despite there being several closer options . 
  i would call that stupidity . 
  if they dock anyway you seize the ship in order that they can not make future `` rescues '' . 
  you can then auction the vessels and use the proceeds to charter planes back to africa . 
  i agree . 
  i am in favour of italy ( or any other country for that matter ) putting the interests of its own population first . 
  international co-operation is great in principle , but in reality it never works fairly under anything other than political good weather . 
  if i stand in front of an oncoming bus i 'm likely to get run over , that 's why i do n't put myself in that position in the first place . 
  i trust that now we have had this conversation i can put my faith in you to immediately go to the north coast of libya and run a few training courses for the illegals pertaining to the dangers of actions such as running with scissors , and wearing a plastic bag over your head ? 
  if the hamburgers are particularly worried about the welfare of illegal immigrants from africa , i 'm sure there are a bunch of ngo vessels they can commission to take them all the way there rather than imposing on the likes of italy . 
  i guess other european countries must be using magic boat-b-gone spray then ? 
  you should know by now that `` europe '' as a unified entity concept only exists when germoney wants something done . 
  refuse ships carrying/suspected of carrying migrants permission to dock . 
  i 'm no fan of russia 's behaviour on the world stage , but if you do n't want to deal with problems that originate from other parts of the world , dont import them . 
  on the other hand , germany let them in . 
  would you like putin to go arrest them personally while he is over for g20 or something ? 
  well given that other european ports are closed to migrants , according to this article , i dont really see why italy should be required to keep its ports open for them . 
  he obviously isnt that bothered about it given that he is a corbyn supporter to the point that he made his party election broadcast . 
   the subtle benefit they 're getting didnt realise we were on / r/mythology, 
  the only people who benefit from globalization are the people who are already rich and dont need to benefit from it . 
  trump is right ( at least in terms of the message he puts out if not necessarily actions ) in putting the people who he is responsible for representing first when it comes to jobs etc. 
  no actually , its a pun on darkest peru where paddington bear comes from ( i.e. 
  nowhere anyone has heard of ) and africa being where all the illegal immigrants are coming from these days . 
  africans ( and middle eastern for that matter ) culture is incompatible with western culture . 
  play all the mental gymnastics you like with it , you wo n't be able to come up with a single worthwhile reason as to why an `` open borders '' society is a worthwhile endeavor where it can be potentially impacted and dragged down by millions of immigrants who have absolutely no value to offer . 
  i 'm not really ok with having an open society with anyone , i believe if you are going to immigrate somewhere then you need to integrate with that culture and community , and that also counts to some extent between western countries as well ( for example if i went in lived in france , i would learn and use french as my first language while there and work to adopt and accommodate local customs and accept their values as being the standard ) . 
  so if you think its racist to expect someone who wants to live somewhere else to actually adapt to that place when they get there , then you go right ahead . 
  on the other hand if you think its racist to expect an immigrant to have something of value to actually offer the society they are going to , then feel free to think that as well . 
  lets see how it works out for you and any other `` open borders '' enthusiasts, 
  excellent idea !, 
  how about inventing some brand new colours that dont currently exist and add them to the flag , and everyone had to pretend/insist they are real colours ? 
  maybe if the rainbow flag starts getting too busy they can go the american route , but instead of a star for each state they could have a dildo for each gender or something ? 
  good question , would be nice if emma could drop by to explain that particular terminology and justify her position . 
  probably too busy throwing a tea-party in her no-boys-allowed club though . 
  i think you had better invent a new gender for that one , post it on tumblr and see if you can get a new letter added to the lgbtabcd + + ? 1 abbreviation !, 
  as part of the oppression pyramid , surely you would be allowed to attend emma 's concert !, 
  what if i identify as an apache helicopter , a potatokin or a choo choo train ? 
  misandrists, 
   comedian emma knyckare is organising a `` man-free '' music festival in sweden  `` what do you think about putting together a really cool festival where only non-men are welcome ? '', 
  she tweeted . 
  you are a sexist bigot emma , that 's what i think . 
  what do you think it means ? 
  there are no good reasons to welcome anyone into any european country ( unless they are filthy rich and are bringing and spending that wealth ) who are unlikely to adapt and conform to western culture . 
  ah , at least now we know why only 4 % of mep 's could be bothered turning up to see what the maltese prime minister had to say . 
  `` open societies '' are a moronic idea . 
  if you want an open society , go live in darkest africa and see how you get on . 
   not take in any refugees and let them overrun greece ? 
  then getting blamed for being evil nazi germans that do n't help greece ? 
  or not take in any `` refugees '' , including greece not taking in those `` refugees ''  or wasting billions on trump like border controls with little effect while eastern europe is n't contributing anything ever but still bitching about the evil germans and demanding more money for themselves ( while millions of their people move to the west ) ? 
  i applaud eastern europe for doing the right thing for the people they have responsibility for . 
  its time to start treating these ngo vessels as hostile tbh . 
  i wonder what decisions could have been made differently in order to prevent this travesty from coming to pass . . ???? 
  anyone got any ideas ? 
  it would allow for a longer term strategy for dealing with illegal immigrants to be baselined and ensure security and minimal impact on life in europe . 
   then i can complain that england is n't represented enough , so the uk is n't acting in my interests and we should leave . 
  i 'm from london , and london is n't represented enough in terms of the number of mps , so london should leave . 
  i 've always been a proponent of federalism within the uk in order that people could have more representation , it was the english who turned it down . 
   as it stands , there 's no support for that at all in smaller countries . 
  sure , but the longer they are taken for mugs , particularly without genuine eu reform , then the more likely it will be to occur . 
  ok . gunboats it is then . 
  the point of annexing a country is that you can then keep all the illegal immigrants in 1 place and control what 's going on rather than the unmitigated chaos that we have right now . 
  it would also put an end to the antics of ngo 's playing ferry . 
  good training grounds for peacekeeping forces amongst other things, 
   you sound silly talking like that . 
  the number of meps , for instance , is decided by population . 
  do you think scotland should leave the uk because it is n't represented enough ? 
  scotland is over-represented within the uk in terms of mp 's per population . 
  in addition with its own parliament it has a whole other set of elected persons who can act politically in scotland 's interests . 
   you do n't think the eu gives smaller nations enough clout , so you 'd rather they had no clout at all . 
  right . 
  how much power do you think lithuania or estonia would have on the world stage ? 
  you 're in dream land . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that if you arent germany of france in the eu you are basically now just a second class member state who has no choice but to go with the flow . 
  this is blatantly in evidence through events pertaining to migrant quotas and greek financial crisis etc. 
  one thing that is abundantly clear is that malta doesnt matter given that only 4 % of meps could be bothered to turn up to review their presidency . 
   no , it is n't . 
  yeah , it is . 
  how exactly can you scientifically measure `` distance from policy '' without any subjective interpretation ? 
  whereas being outvoted is a solid fact . 
  sure , but it was still less than every other eu members success rate , and much of what we went in favour on is could very well have been items that we didnt really care about , whereas what we voted against will have indisputably been items that both affected us & that we did not want . 
  you are either a hypocrite or you literally do not understand what you yourself wrote , but whatevers . 
  whataboutism '' the convenient go-to for hypocrites when they have run out of salient points of conversation . 
  perhaps you would care to advise as to why you chose to become a hypocrite given that your very first reply to me was indeed the heinous reddit crime of whataboutism ? 
  or are you just starting early and digging in for your glorious future of eu driven double standards ? 
   that 's just how democracy works , bigger counties have more influence . 
  or , for an actually fair system you could break larger countries up somewhat in order that there were similarly populated cultural areas and a more even distribution of influence . 
  but that would never happen as actually protecting national power is really what matters rather than `` greater integration '' and the eu dream is just a sham beyond chaining smaller nations to the direction of the most powerful voice in the block . 
  as to your study ; well i 've linked another one elsewhere , but being the most outvoted nation is more of a solid ( dare i say `` real '' ? ),
