  tldr : if the eu want to play silly buggers and keep pretending that europe is a single country , and expect the uk to keep partially bankrolling it in various different ways , then fuck the single market . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  i do n't think that any of the protagonists in this particular news story have covered themselves in glory, 
   the uk 's current proposals for a post-brexit agreement with the european union are `` completely unrealistic , '' as britain must grant access to workers , contribute to the bloc 's budget and submit to legislative oversight to keep single-market access , the top czech negotiator said . 
  sorry buddy , that 's the opposite of how leaving the eu works . 
  if this is the case then it sounds like entrapment to me , which surely is a larger offense than refusing to cut someone 's hair . 
  i guess norway has no laws against entrapment ? 
  how about doubling deportations for illegal immigrants instead . 
  i think that 's fair . 
  the standardised stuff , ( like hr from your example ) does n't change very often , and you are able to potentially hire operators with transferable knowledge from elsewhere , so i can see that its appropriate to go for off the shelf in those circumstances . 
  why do n't you go fly a kite ? 
  sure , tell that to the . net application i wrote about a decade ago that has so far successfully fended of about # 20m in investment by the company i work for in attempts to replace it , only to find out that the software is ultimately either : - inflexible and expensive to get changes carried out on . 
  - oh look , they 've fucked around with how licenses work , and the database is encrypted , so you cant transfer any data out unless you also have their proprietary etl tool , which is against the standard practice of your data management approach internally , and the guys who are responsible for that area are having none of it . 
  - can not be shoehorned to fit the existing/desired processes . 
  - fancy graphs do n't actually provide the fancy-graph-looker-atters with the information they actually need . 
  - the attempted software product needs a significant hardware infrastructure and large and varied support team to operate . 
  - the people brought in to implement the product simply arent close enough to the business to get it cover all the requirements sufficiently or sometimes accurately . 
  - turns out the offshore support team is some guy based in india who the vendor keeps locked in a cupboard under the stairs , and doesnt speak english . 
  the list goes on . 
  off the shelf is fine some things that are extremely standard . 
  for example , ( bad examples as they are open source , but nevertheless ) you could grab and install joomla and virtuemart and have an pretty straightforward route to diving into ecommerce . 
  but where you have an existing business structure to build on top of , which you will be if you can afford some of the top end off the shelf stuff , that this mep is moaning about , it tends to turn out to be a terrible fit more often than not . 
  lol . 
  it is far cheaper , flexible and future proof to develop in house . 
  but organisations prefer to go for off the shelf stuff they cant support themselves because the buyers see some screenshots with fancy graphs , and organisations dont want to have the responsibility of hiring their own developers . 
  i know , i was being flippant , 
  quick , give angela a call , and tell her that her migration policy is working . 
  maybe if turkey didnt have a nutcase as president the eu and everyone else would be more open to them . 
  good luck with that, 
  guess i will continue going to north america for my holidays then rather than europe * shrug *, 
  actually , i do live on an island . 
  that said , i do n't see why we or anyone else has a moral obligation to enforce/project our values or security onto the rest of the world . 
   as one of the richest and most populous groups of people on earth , you have a moral obligation to help ensure its safety and security why ? 
  so basically just dissolve the irish army as it will serve no purpose ? 
  they put an expendable canadian in it just to make sure it was still working . 
  or perhaps ... they just tested the hatch . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  the rule being applied even handedly was the primary concern . 
  it 's ridiculous that stuff like this should be going on . 
  but on the other hand , it 's ridiculous that these immigrants are clearly making zero effort to integrate with the local culture , and that religious imagery type laws are n't being applied even handedly across the board ( from the article , crosses are wrong , but its apparently ok to wear muslim dress ) . 
  if you are going to another country to participate in their education , it makes sense to actually be capable of speaking the language , does it not ? 
  too weak , theresa . 
  try harder . 
  i think that even 82 % getting to remain pretty much makes it a free for all . 
  exactly ^, 
  whats in it for france is that you get to send a clear message that you are prepared to act in your own peoples best interests , while not inviting the next marauding horde of illegal immigrants to tramp through france causing their usual problems on the way to calais for round 2 . 
  do you really want to have to deal with the fullest extent of the migrant train that italy , greece , hungary , austria etc put up with previously when it is better to make it a waste of time and energy for the illegal immigrants by showing that the route is closed for business ? 
  you know , the actual group of people who have entered your country illegally and have created this problem . 
  or do you just have a problem with the uk because you would rather bitch about the uk than address the problem in an effective way ? 
  not really newsworthy . 
  people move roles all the time , and for many different reasons , and from far more prominent positions than museum director . 
  if everyone moved jobs whenever their feels were hurt then cv 's would be a hell of a lot longer , and there would be far fewer trees . 
  i 'm sure amongst the 70m uk inhabitants , there will be someone capable of filling his shoes . 
  sounds like ryanair might be in need of having to pay some back taxes, 
  some people are too easily offended . 
  have kids , dont have kids , whatevers, 
  organise to do what ? 
  tell the police to deal with the issue seriously , which is exactly and appropriately what they are doing ? 
  i do n't see you proposing a valid solution , and i figured that with sweden 's sterling humanitarian record , taking another 9000 random illegals would be something that your country would love to be involved in . 
  that 's not any better , because as we know no bugger ever seems to get deported because `` muh human rights '' , which is why it is far better that france steps up and takes action to dispose of the massive camp of illegal immigrants that is on their land . 
  besides , you let 1 in , and another 10 will show up , i 'm sure calais would love being a transitory town for even more thousands of middle eastern and african chancers than they already host at present . 
  it needs to be solved now , decisively , and by france , as passing on the problem is only going to grow the problem for everyone . 
  france is a great country by pretty much any measure , and should be more than competent enough to sort it out rather than going `` bof !, 
  lets blame le uk for all the nothing-to-do-with-the-uk migrants turning calais into a shitfest '' . 
  maybe world human rights organizations should be away applying pressure to the places these people are all coming from in order to make them a better place , rather than moaning about the 1st world . 
   if they arent making a difference in africa or wherever , then what use are they ? 
  i have as much chance of being elected as jeremy corbyn , and the lib dem 's have a long road to walk before they recover from the bridges they burned with the electorate regarding student tuition fees etc. 
  the green party have never had any legitimate power . 
  yes , the situation up here in scotland is a bit more fluid . 
  there has been a bit of political rebalancing going on due the the labour situation , as well as sturgeon losing people like me as snp voters by lurching to the left since taking over from salmond ( to try to gain the labour vote perhaps ? 
  ) , and while they are an effective counter-balance to westminster and protect scotland 's interests reasonably well , there is limited current support for a second independence referendum , which means that snp impact on the subject of immigration will remain limited . 
  may is n't losing unless something dramatic happened in the labour party and corbyn was replaced by a remarkably effective politician , which they just dont seem to have in their ranks right now . 
  i do n't see how letting them into the uk makes things any better . 
  you ( sweden ) can have them , in that case . 
  good luck . 
  you 're right , deport them to germoney instead . 
  well volunteered . 
  france - if you do n't want them , here is what to do : 1 . 
  arrest them for being illegal immigrants 2 . 
  tell them that they either claim asylum in france or get deported to syria ( or wherever , if they do n't disclose their point of origin just make an educated guess , you do n't solve problems like this by being flakey ) . 
  reject their asylum claims and deport them anyway . 
  problem solved , have a glass of wine and a baguette , maybe some cheese if you did a particularly good job . 
  moaning to the uk about it will only serve to prolong the problem , as we do n't want them either . 
  must be a slow news day, 
  the only line that has been drawn in the sand at our end is that we are leaving the eu . 
  not making any other commitments keeps the markets up , and the real talking will be done when a50 is actually invoked . 
  its a bit of a strangely worded poll . 
  because it implies a human rights good/bad split when really its just about whether they inherently exist or not . 
  personally , for example , i think that the rights presented are generally a good thing and would overall benefit society if they were adhered to and applied even handedly across the board . 
  however i do n't believe that human rights inherently exist just by virtue of being human . 
  my basis for that is that outside the eu/na bubbles , there is clear evidence that there isnt really any such thing . 
  besides , things like freedom of thought , expression , privacy of correspondence are constantly ignored and are under attack by policies that exist even within the eu . 
  2 examples : https://www.google.co.uk/#safe=off&amp;q=german+couple+arrested+for+facebook+group https://www.google.co.uk/#safe=off&amp;q=uk+spying+on+citizens so i do n't see why it is ok to ignore certain rules and adhere to ones that prevent deportation . 
  governments either need to smarten up and actually follow the rules , or else they are not worth the paper they are written on and need to be thrown out and replaced by something that will be adhered to . 
  current year is 2016 , not 1516, 
  you already have them . 
  if you dont want them , stick them back in syria rather than bringing them to europe . 
  eu turns a blind eye to a lot of erdogan 's bullshit , im sure they would turn a blind eye to that too . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's easy to approach it from that side of things if you are n't the one adversely affected by it .
