  what are russia & china going to do about it , complain ? 
  only a moron would interpret it as a blockade of all incoming international passenger traffic . 
  as far as i understand it , theres usually some sort of traffic management system in place for ports , therefore permission needs to be acquired in order to dock . 
  `` hi , i 'm the ngo ship lefty fruit loop the libyan illegal immigrant ferry service , can i dock please ? '' . 
  `` no fuck off '' . 
  it should be that straightforward . 
  ignoring it can be criminalised if it isnt already . 
  meanwhile , you have a patrol boat tracking them whenever they are in your waters in order that you can make arrests if they try to just drop people off wherever they feel like it , because then it becomes human smuggling . 
  you are forgetting that in this scenario i 've already closed the ports to migrant bearing vessels . 
  by docking and disembarking they have already committed a crime , so anyone who wants to stay better have a really good sob story that can be backed up with evidence . 
  get a few catamarans like fred olsen express uses down in the canary islands ( trimarans ? ), 
  that they can be held on and not allowed to disembark from , and once a shipload have been processed you can send it to africa right away and dump them off . 
  screen them properly and quickly and be very harsh on whether or not it legitimately constitutes an asylum case . 
  my understanding is that at least 85 % are not ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-40505337 ) . 
  deport them promptly , no fucking around . 
  also impose a ban on rejected illegal immigrants from returning to europe . 
  no right to return . 
  how is it not ? 
  close the ports to migrant bearing vessels , conviscate the ferry service , and if any make landfall , treat them as illegal immigrants and jail then deport them . 
  no entry without a valid visa . 
  done . 
  you were n't supposed to tell the russians . 
  i do n't see why the uk should be flexible with the `` brexit bill '' when the eu are unwilling to be flexible on the `` four freedoms '' as well as a multitude of other matters . 
  i do n't really think that is fair . 
  if this practice is widespread , then people in eastern european countries may not be getting offered the choice of better quality foods from which to be able to make that decision . 
  if you accept that they are european citizens just like you ( rather than just talking down to them ) , then surely they deserve the same choice and quality in what they might like to eat ? 
  there you go , eastern europe . 
  the eu ( germany ) does n't care about the quality of what you eat . 
  so when will there be some eu law to enforce equal standards for same brand food across countries ? 
  easy to solve , no political will or effort being made to solve it . 
  i 'm calling it now : spectacular skyscraper launches world tour, 
   we 'll be overrun ( presumably because of the eu ) . 
  you 'll be overrun thanks to the words of merkel inviting them all in and who wont take any action to put a stop to the problems caused . 
  you know angela , right ? 
  that german leader who does n't steer the eu at all according to you ? 
   so it had nothing to do with the eu as i said , ask different people and you will get an answer . 
  for me , it boxes the uk government in a bit so that they have to make some changes to address the things i mentioned in order for certain things to continue to function , and to some degree it is starting to pay off . 
  for example http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-40550864 < -- this if implemented properly will put an end to workarounds to avoid paying at least the minimum wage , which would address the problem of hiring foreign workers as `` self employed contractors '' then paying them less than what a british resident would expect the minimum acceptable hourly wage to be . 
  in terms of the eu , well , the hostility from the eu validates leaving as the right decision to be blunt . 
  it would be better to work together going forward in many areas , but there 's no point being flexible in the negotiations if that flexibility is not reciprocated . 
  edit : my other hope from leaving is that we train more uk residents to fill the supposed gaps in public services rather than import from abroad . 
   you 're misinterpreting my love for you as people as hatred . 
  i love all of you because we 're far more similar than we are different . 
  i just do n't understand why you would n't love us back . 
  2 reasons really : - we can not accept being in a union that is effectively led by another nation ( particularly germany ) - public services and job market related items ( salary levels , ease of hiring from abroad etc ) have been getting mismanaged by * our * government , and voting to leave was a message to them first and foremost to start looking after their own people . 
  that said , ask different people , you will get different answers . 
   that does n't sound sincere . 
  it actually is , because if the eu wo n't solve it , a bunch of them will try to come here next ( see calais ) . 
   it 's not . 
  oh , so you do n't read reddit then , you only make posts here ? 
   so abandon the talks . 
  see if we care . 
  eu has the same position in all talks , anyone can predict their positioning in any deal-making activities . 
  it 's entirely possible that we will , as it is preferable to meeting several of the eu 's highly unrealistic positions such as ecj jurisdiction and fom . 
  if current events are anything to go by we might even go join the us/russia unholy alliance !, 
   i 'd hope it would give uk time to reflect and come up with a plan that has the public 's support . 
  you would have to wait decades for something like that . 
  leaving the eu has the public 's acceptance according to most polls . 
   i would also hope it would stop the barrage of attacks on the remaining member states by british media and public , no point talking to people who think of you as enemies . 
  do n't pretend that the hate is n't a 2 way street , especially given the eu 's obstinate negotiating position whereby they will happily damage everyone including themselves . 
  eu want 's uk money but not it 's values . 
  so much for multiculturalism , 
  i 'm not really clear on what putting the talks on hold for 6 months would achieve ? 
  if you think yours are bad , you need to check out ours . 
  traffic cone convention doesnt begin to describe it . 
  any chance of the full article ? 
  giving up already when mindlessly flinging about names was such a winning strategy ? 
  however are you going to cope with the immense level of personal failure that you have inflicted upon yourself ? 
  sounds like we could use a whole new up to date hell map for the modern day, 
  new addition for the modern age : canto 35 , level 10 : reserved for planners of roadworks who cause far more congestion than is necessary : a neverending maze of traffic cones that must be eternally navigated at a snails pace , while driving something shitty with no air conditioning . 
  well i think the type of brexit really depends on how much a bunch of pissants the eu want to be about the whole thing , rather than the uk , so i do n't see how this group of mp 's are being useful . 
   i want to remind them that they could lose a friend like turkey with a friend like erdogan 's turkey , who needs enemies ? 
  i 'm sure you have a bright future ahead of you on the scrapheap alongside your fellow pro african invasion idealogues . 
  understand that until noisy brats such as yourself offer a reasonable solution to mass illegal immigration that works for everyone , the * only * solution is to prevent them from getting here in the first place . 
  i 'm admitting that you need to go in the bin with them as well . 
  is that also racist ? 
  / u/silkkiuikku : we all already know that the average russian redditor is absorbed in their nationalistic hubris . 
  it 's not as though you have lost anything of value . 
  i am very keen on putting africa in the bin at this point . 
   in a preparatory meeting , france and spain have already refused to open their own ports to refugee boats . 
  well , italy ? 
  looks to me like european solidarity is only skin deep . 
  and then it all breaks down again , you need to pay attention to the trend . 
  the un is toothless and nothing to be worried about . 
  eu sanctions are a potential problem due to the whole quota nonsense , but if mediterranean countries like italy join eastern europe in pushing back on merkel then there 's a good chance of the whole welcome-everyone-in policy crumbling and a realistic solution being found . 
  germany/france politically can not afford not to have italy onside with brexit going on and potential issues with catalan coming up as well , and that is what i would use as my out from being the illegal immigrant dumping ground if i were them . 
   so why exactly do you expect that italy could ever do what other nations are doing to stop the migrants ? 
  i expect italy to do the right thing for it 's own people . 
  if the right thing was to let millions of immigrants in for no good reason , then good for them , but that 's clearly not the case . 
   by all rights , all of them should go to germany . 
  we absolutely agree on this point . 
   it 's a matter of geography . 
  plenty of options ( including the realistic one of putting a stop to it altogether ) , it 's simply a matter of certain protagonists not really wanting to make the effort to deal with it and leaving italy ( and previously greece ) to suffer the consequence of other countries `` feels before reals '' . 
   and you think italians are and that 's why they 're letting them in ? 
  no , they 're being told to let them in by germany and france , you know , the actual voice of the eu that everyone else seems to be required to obey . 
  http://www.novinite.com/articles/180949/italy+threatens+to+close+ports+as+ministers+meet  they are , but people still need to pay for gas , and a trip to hamburg lasts a lot more than to italy . 
  so they chose italy . 
  oh , they cant be bothered going all the way to the place that allegedly actually wants them , so they need to impose the problem on another country ? 
  lazy and unreasonable . 
   and germany would make a shitshow if italy began turning back all the boats with migrants .
