  our education system absolutely needs a radical overhaul with foreign languages prioritised however ( at which point we would actually need immigrants to fill roles teaching those languages ) . 
  i oppose immigration where it is going to result in some other person being a drain on social welfare . 
  if we could do a swap deal where poland can have 700k ( or however many it is ) of our unemployed to balance out the numbers , then sure , go for it . 
  it 's not the individuals or their place of origin that are the problem , which means that yes , xenophobia against individuals is unhelpful , and in many cases unfair , but it is a result of people 's inability to punch up effectively through other channels . 
  socially and psychologically , many people are left cornered in a weak position with no other recourse thanks to eu freedom of movement , so while misdirected , its an alternative to sitting back and just taking it . 
  how is several hundred thousand people not colonisation ? 
  turkey is n't very dangerous , unless you have a problem with their president , so not sure what you are talking about . 
  that 's funny , because i have n't heard any of that , and that 's speaking as someone who is not generally favorable to immigration unless the immigrant is bringing specific skills that we actually need , and also as someone who works with a considerable number of foreigners . 
  that said , if you attempt to colonise another country by flooding them with about a million people , you should be prepared that you are going to ruffle people 's feathers and encounter resentment , as opportunities taken up by immigrants to the uk to some degree do effectively freeze out those opportunities for native residents , who do not have the luxury of moving elsewhere in order to improve themselves due to language barriers . 
  the only thing they should `` construct '' for erdogan is a political cage . 
  he is a problem , not the facilitator of a solution . 
  yes , the people who committed this crime should be jailed , for a long time . 
  however , the guardian , making a mountain out of an isolated incident . 
  what a surprise . 
  they all claim to be syrian , so forget the detention center , just dump them out there . 
  here 's an idea : tell turkey to get stuffed , and whenever an illegal immigrant crosses the border into an eu country , put them on a deportation ferry and put them right back in turkey/syria/libya / wherever, 
  so how did they get to germany , france , sweden , etc. 
  teleport ? 
  they have nothing to offer the uk , dont have the values we want ( they are chancers looking for handouts ) and doing so would just encourage more to come . 
  you 're right , travelling in europe would be far safer than living in syria without all those marauding migrants everywhere . 
  eu countries should be doing something to discourage and put a stop to it , especially as it is breaking up families who really should be sticking together during what are clearly troubled times . 
  syria must be extremely unsafe for someone to literally be comfortable enough in leaving their wife and children there in order to swan around europe . 
  arrest them too , for causing public disorder . 
  i 'm not going to blame myself when i never wanted them in the first place , and if i had any say they would be rounded up , processed and deported within an extremely tight time limit . 
  i blame people who elect the bleeding hearts into power , who are afraid of working for the betterment of the people they represent , and are afraid of acting decisively on the matter . 
  there are legal ways to migrate to another country , and if someone does n't qualify , they should not be there , and having entered illegally should be considered a criminal and treated accordingly . 
  good , perhaps they will go home instead, 
  something tells me that there is more to this story than is being covered by the article . 
  it 's too soon . 
  we need to wait and see how the dust settles on a brexited uk and eu before any such referendum ( although there should probably be one after that once we are in a position to make an informed decision ) . 
  i 'm not sure that she is capable of fixing what she has broken , 
  was actually scandinavian countries i was thinking of who still have it as a tradition , finland in particular . 
  what is good for one european country is n't good for all , but a select group of eu fanatics do n't seem to grasp that . 
  i generally do n't see the need for much in the way of private gun ownership in most european countries ( including my own ) , but switzerland , along with a handful of others , have a cultural basis for it , and i hope they stand their ground on the issue . 
  it is not europe either , given all the terror attack perpretrated by a certain group of people . 
  the safest and most immediate place they could be placed , while sinking off the coast of libya , is libya . 
  people who dont see the problem with all these chancers tend to live inside their own little bubble and do n't realise the effect it has on both their quality of life and the quality of life of those around them . 
  helping them by returning them to the nearest landmass ( libya ) , would stop their lives from being immediately in danger . 
  although personally , you could save a few more people by sinking a couple of these ships and letting word get around to anyone else who wants to try it . 
  i hope they put them back onto libya, 
  here are some suggestions for new locations for the calais migrant camp : 1 . 
  syria - plenty of empty space there , apparently . 
  bottom of the english channel - halfway is a reasonable compromise , no ? 
  merkel 's spare bedroom - she wants to import everyone after all . 
  back to their point of origin for failing to register in the first safe country they entered into ( not that they were all necessarily leaving from unsafe ones ) . 
  because all the actual irish people , apart from the odd one or two , appeared to be gone . 
  how can you maintain a nations culture when in the minority ? 
  as i said , it might just be my perception based on the places i went , but it was very bizarre . 
  euroactiv article writers are too white . 
  the author of this piece , james crisp , should resign and make some room given that he loathes himself so much and needs time to come to terms with his own skin colour . 
  maybe euroactiv can hire some disabled muslim lesbian trans to fill his position and tick the token quota box , as apparently merit is no longer a thing in these people 's minds . 
  last time i was in dublin ( couple of years ago ) it was hard to find any actual irish people . 
  now , it might just be that your tourist sector is heavily populated by foreign labor , but your culture is getting wrecked as far as i can tell . 
  it 's 862 more than i want , but at least heels are being dragged and its not thousands ( yet ) . 
  sure , but only after we leave , please . 
  its the right thing to do . 
  if you look different , you feel different , and therefore are different , and therefore can not integrate to an acceptable level with the country you are living in . 
  what an extremely antagonistic thing to do . 
  not clear on why its somehow dishonest to have a term that encapsulates generally white english speaking countries that have a british isles origin . 
  speaking as someone who both gets around a bit and works with a lot of different nationalities , there is a fundamental cultural difference between someone who has grown up in uk/us/can / nz/au/ire when compared to someone who has grown up in , say , india ( although you can be from india or wherever ethnically and be brought up as culturally british if you were brought up in the uk for example , and not being from the anglosphere does n't somehow automatically make you a terrible person . 
  saying someone is from the anglosphere is literally the same as saying someone is from polynesia because they are from tonga or somewhere like that . 
  it is a group of countries with a similar cultural foundation ) . 
  while those anglosphere countries certainly have their own cultural variations ( speaking as a scot , who spends a lot of time working in england , has an american wife , australian relatives , and was visiting canada as recently as 2 weeks ago ) , the differences are relatively minimal compared to the outer set of countries that you would probably like to group in , so i think the generally accepted grouping is more than valid . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  as you can see from the first link , the definition varies based on what criteria people apply , but generally speaking uk/usa/canada / nz/au / ( sometimes ire ) is the most commonly accepted definition . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglosphere https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angles, 
  and social justice whiners are grossly over-represented in media . 
  and here i am thinking about getting a v8 mustang :p, 
  fighting people 's right to have an opinion has never decreased terrorism , so not sure how that would work . 
  political centrists ? 
  middle aged ? 
  piggy in the middle ? 
  refugees might not have introduced islamic terrorism to germany , but they have certainly thrown gasoline on that particular fire . 
  are you suggesting that 1m workers coming into a country for economic reasons has no financial impact on the incumbent population ? 
  well , if it looks like you might need to nuke a country at some point , launching the missiles from a different country from where they are stationed is the politically correct thing to do . 
  islamic terrorist attacks in western countries peaked in july , what a co-incidence !, 
  i wonder which is worse ? 
  as wages continue to stagnate and british citizens get the shaft . 
  i wonder what the mindset of the idiot who came up with this regulation is . 
  what the eu should be doing instead of twiddling thumbs would be to make it significantly more difficult to cross into the eu from turkey . 
  on the other hand , why should we tolerate a community that is aggressive towards everyone else , whether actively or tacitly ? 
  i do n't see the muslim community making much effort to put an end to these attacks . 
  sure , it is n't entirely reasonable to generalise , as most people are n't out to cause trouble for others regardless of their personal persuasions , but attacks of this nature are coming from people of an islamic leaning almost exclusively , so something must be rotten within the general islamic disposition . 
  well , they have bleeding heart leftyism , and chancellor merkel to thank . 
  in what way exactly is aiming to limit immigration not `` working on the problem '' , and why have germany , france , sweden and others been too self destructive to manage the issue in a more appropriate way than welcoming all comers ? 
  if the eu had a sensible immigration policy that was actually enforced , as opposed to merkel 's open door policy , brexit might not have happened . 
  why is it `` outrageous '' ? 
  because you would n't be able to flood the uk job market with low paid workers who could n't get a job back home ? 
  the united nations are a complete and utter joke these days , facing an uphill struggle to maintain relevance . 
  hungary are doing the right thing , as a governments responsibility is primarily for the security and social well being of their own population . 
   you do n't get it . 
  do you call people from iowa moving to minnesota immigrants ? 
  and would you dare call it problematic ? 
  would you accept minnesota as one of the united states with all the benefits that follow but allow it to have a border with the rest of the states ? 
  does that make any sense ? 
  why would the rest of the states allow that ( if it were a confederation ) when they can easily demand freedom of movement ? 
  the eu is not a country , the us is a country , this assertion does n't tie up . 
  sounds like both spanish government and private companies are not willing to invest in people with potential to furnish them with the skills and therefore the market with sufficient applicants to fill those gaps . 
  plus you have the added barrier of language when it comes to recruiting from abroad . 
  most people outwith spain do not speak spanish and are unlikely to want to have to learn it .
