the world is very much fed up with propaganda , go right ahead . 
  thing is , i do n't see the eu talking about how they are going to protect jobs , create new ones and raise the standard of living for people . 
  what i see the eu doing is a hard push for european integration regardless of the consequences and handing out free rides for illegal immigrants . 
  ah , percentage , cheers, 
  the short term is about 6 months . 
  but given that we are in the middle of a western political reshuffle at the moment , we do n't know what russian relations will look like going forward , so do n't press the panic button . 
  there are a few of potential positives that can come from last nights result for eastern europe . 
  - change in russian relations - europe working more closely together with less reliance on us military - more pragmatism over ideaology of course , there are just as many risks and problems . 
  on cnn they mentioned that trump had only lost 6 points with female voters ( whatever that means , not sure how big a point is ) compared to the previous republican candidate , but that it was less of a loss than expected . 
  op : feeling oppressed ? 
  are you triggered ? 
  seems to me that you are the one being the `` crybaby '' . 
  people have their reasons for voting for whoever they vote . 
  just because your life might be otherwise rosy , does n't mean that everyone is doing particularly well and do n't have a reason to seek change in their society . 
  you would do well to gain a little empathy then you might better understand why people are voting for extremes . 
  according to posts on twitter , early indications were that turnouts were approaching record levels for this us election . 
  would be interesting to see the final turnout % , but it does n't indicate voter apathy . 
  i think the reasons you were looking for were populism , anti-establishmentarianism , anti-globalism and anti-specialsnowflakesocialjusticewhiningism . 
  if anything , trumps victory will embolden proceeding with brexit , as indications point to that he will be willing to work with the uk , unlike the eu who are increasingly hostile . 
  do n't worry though , it shouldnt affect uk troops in estonia in the short term . 
  in which case , there 's nothing really to discuss , is there ? 
  i suggest that you go and look up the definition of globalisation and have a think about whether china extending its influence through financial muscle fits that or not . 
  its interesting where globalisation has lead us , isnt it ? 
  your mental gymnastics are astounding . 
  straight up question . 
  if it is acceptable to have gay only businesses within any given sector , is it not also acceptable to have straight only businesses ? 
  its a simple yes or no . 
  i actually do n't care whether there is segregation or not , but what i do care about is whether the same rules are explicitly applied to everyone . 
  or does having the same rules for everyone somehow not apply to your personal definition of equality ? 
  so what you are saying is , you would be fine if someone opened a hotel and advertised it as being straight only ? 
  the intention of the bar in the first article is clear given their signage . 
  i posted the 2nd article as it was an interesting balance on the topic and covered the matter from both sides more or less . 
  because looking at an issue from both sides , unlike certain subreddits would have you believe , is actually a worthwhile thing to do . 
  you would do well to note that the hotel that refused to rent a room to a gay couple was fined , yet gay only hotels continue to exist without reprimand . 
  cake issue - amounts to the same thing . 
  if i tried to have a cake made with something along the lines of `` fuck the tories '' or `` screw the snp '' , and was refused service and took it to court , i would not win the case , despite those being political opinions . 
  this was a ruling pertaining to sexual identity more than anything else . 
  i do n't care about the marriage issue specifically , as it makes sense to bring about functional equality . 
  i do care a little bit about the right to refuse service as i do n't think that people should necessarily be forced to perform an action against their will , but that issue in itself has a number of swings and roundabouts to be considered . 
  apparently you can not be refused service in cake shops or hotels if you are gay , but it appears to be acceptable to be refused service in bars if you are straight . 
  there is therefore preferential treatment in society towards the gay community . 
  surely providing service as a business should be a blanket thing , either it should be enforced as mandatory across the board or alternatively it should be entirely left to the whim of the business owner ? 
  not one rule for one group of people , and a different rule for everyone else . 
  http://www.advocate.com/world/2014/08/12/british-gay-bar-discriminating-against-straight-people http://www.care2.com/causes/british-gay-hotels-to-be-investigated-for-discrimination-against-straight-couples.html https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/oct/24/born-again-christian-ashers-bakery-lose-court-appeal-in-gay-cake-row, 
  you are joking , right ? 
  anyone who wants to can use search engines just as well as i can . 
  we do not live in a meritocracy , we live in a society where you can get ahead based on some sort of inherent identity attribute that you either have or claim to have . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all-women_shortlists http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/670266/bbc-advert-white-people-ethnic-equality-staff-job-internship do n't get me started on diversity quotas . 
  but surely we can agree that people should be afforded opportunity based on their skills , rather than their genetics . 
  yet seem to get special considerations nevertheless thanks to the vocal minority who do . 
  nothing wrong with equal rights , such as marriage , however it is fast becoming an issue whereby `` minorities '' are more `` equal '' than others . 
  it may well be the case that people hide it during census , it would n't make any sense to do so though as it bigger numbers would lend credibility to need for special considerations . 
  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/culturalidentity/sexuality/bulletins/sexualidentityuk/2015 going by uk average , 2 % you would think it was much higher given how much special interest groups bang on about stuff like gay marriage etc. 
  labour occupy a very wierd position at the moment that does n't offer the general population anything that they really want . 
  their remaining vote share is very much based on past glories . 
  zero effort remain campaign , and misinformation leave campaign . 
  this is why it is the politicians fault . 
  if nothing else , brexit has pretty much shown that we need better politicians across the whole spectrum . 
  go for it . 
  the vote was as the uk , not as england , scotland , wales , northern ireland and gibraltar, 
  arrest them and put them in jail, 
  yeah , we have a long road ahead of us before logic and reason are restored as the primary tools of politics, 
  you can pretty much directly tie their fortunes to ukip . 
  they pick up readership as a consequence of people feeling disenfranchised as a consequence of whatever is going on in the political sphere of the left . 
  their popularity and influence is limited however as a consequence of remaining in the realm of `` new media '' rather than as a printed publication , which is kind of interesting as the older generation who are blamed for brexit therefore as less likely to be their core readership . 
  outside the internet , they do n't really amount to anything other than occasional appearances of their staff as pundits on a news item discussion . 
  personally , being somewhat right leaning myself , i often find myself agreeing with elements of their position , but delving into their comments section is pure cancer . 
  debate is fine , but the time for it to be meaningful was prior to the referendum . 
  unfortunately the holier than thou on both sides had no interest in genuinely going there . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the telegraph or brietbart could pretty much just copy paste this article , reword it slightly , and have it apply to the opposite point of view . 
  wake me up when we get past the `` other side side are the baddies '' stage . 
  would be good to not only stop this , but also stop people like soros from funding pro `` diversity '' stuff . 
  in short , there is a broad spectrum of political influence being levered from people who do not have the average citizens best interests at heart . 
  i guess when you are poor , unemployed , and have nothing else to do ... 
  sweden are a disgrace and need to take a long hard look at themselves in the mirror . 
  conservative vote share is currently increasing , labour however are careering towards extinction . 
  what is bulgaria in the eu for ? 
  that cant be right , polish people could n't possibly ever make racist physical attacks against british people , could they ?!?!?!?!?!, 
  but hey , its the british that are the xenophobes , amirite ? 
  useless eu politician makes useless statement . 
  it 's shaping up to be a slow news day . 
  i think that accepting the euro amongst other things is something that the snp would have to accept in order to get an under the table deal for quick access to eu membership, 
  to be fair , the dual parliament system works pretty well for us up here , as we get policies that generally fit us better locally , and also because snp effectively function as a large special interest group within westminster . 
  it would probably be better for * england * if devolution were not there , that said , england had their chance to have similar regional parliaments and it was voted against , so the english missed out on that kind of set up , which i think is really unfortunate as it could have helped a lot of regions not known as london out quite a bit . 
  unlike the press , i have n't really been impressed with sturgeon thus far in particular . 
  i dislike the slow crawl to the left that she is making ( basically to try to finish off labour up here ) , and i think this 2nd referendum is both a tactical and strategic error as we ( as in the whole of the uk ) a ) do not need any additional instability , which this will inevitably induce , and b ) it shows that she is less interested in people being able to make an informed decision once the brexit dust settles than she is about pushing an agenda . 
  b is a big mistake as it will cost her this referendum , followed by any attempts at referendum number 3 being treated as a lame joke . 
  i think that is a rather entertaining hypothetical . 
  something that you need to consider is that it is your buddy putin who has decided that ww3 is inevitable given the ballistic missile tests conducted over the last 48 hours as well as the citizens nuclear drills , therefore i consider it rather comical when you suggest that i , a random reddit commenter , would risk a world war when vlad the mad is already working towards that goal . 
  how do you expect countries to react to russian aggression , roll over and just take it , in order that they can take a chunk out of ukraine , or georgia or wherever they like every year or 2 ? 
  if it were purely down to me , as i have already more or less plainly stated , my opinion is that force is the only thing that russia respects at this time , and therefore that is what needs to be shown , and they should consider themselves fortunate that most western leaders ( merkel , hollande , obama et al ) do n't have a backbone . 
  if we had defensive pacts with them ( which in my opinion we should seek out in order to help preserve their independence ) , yes , absolutely . 
  could happen . 
  i voted yes last time , but right now i would vote no based purely on all of the unknowns . 
  left to me , as a mysterious overlord dictator of europe ? 
  defensive pacts with non nato 's and troop stationing in countries bordering russia ( norway/finland/latvia / belarus/ukraine/etc , maybe even georgia and azerbaijan if necessary ) as putins military adventures need to be kettled in ( although you can get on with it in syria for all i care ) . 
  which of course means actually acting whenever russia decides to take a chunk out of these places . 
  i would also push for bringing in a degree of conscription within european countries among the young unemployed who would be on standby if needed . 
  as well as - despite hoping it never came to it ; planning to be in a position to do some very terrible things that were about playing to win rather than being ethical if it came to the crunch . 
  fair , but you can only take responsibility for your own vote,
