  i think labor movement within the eu causes it 's own issues , but it 's really a problem of scale rather than a matter of principle . 
  just a point of note , i do n't dislike individuals of any particular nationality , and i can straight up understand why people look to better themselves and seek out opportunities for themselves . 
  i am just somewhat concerned about the consequences that come with this particular eu freedom . 
  unless i undergo a dramatic career change , i doubt i will be responsible for the post brexit deportation process , however it goes without saying that we will not be bound by the same constraints that we are today , and much like crazy nations like north korea , israel , russia and iran , we will have more freedom to pretty much do whatever we like in many areas , including that one , and it wo n't really matter too much to everyone else as it will be small fish while the argument over single market access vs freedom of movement is going on . 
  you may well be right . 
  personally i prefer to look at the situation as being that half a century is too large a time frame in which to predict what might happen . 
  i 've seen a few things in just the last few years that i never though i would live to see ( and in some few cases wished i had n't lived to see ) , those include but are not limited to : - a vote pertaining to scottish independence . 
  - people considering european their primary nationality . 
  - a major first world country declaring an open doors policy and cause a flood of migrants into europe . 
  - the us being overtaken by china economically . 
  - the increasing prominence of muslim terrorism . 
  etc we 're living at the beginning of what might be a very turbulent time period , what with financial crises abound combined with political polarisation , and i think because of all of this , it is very difficult to envision whether it will last , what the consequences will be , and what each country will come out the other side looking like . 
  will the uk be worse off outside the eu , on paper , quite possibly , but going by the outcome of the vote it was clearly becoming increasingly untenable for too many people to remain in , for whatever reason each brexiter made their choice in that direction . 
  obviously i 'm struggling not to go too hard with my opinion here , as i appreciate the discussion and the answers i 've received so far from various replies , but i 've got to put it out there that : a little bit more flexibility when cameron was going around with his pre-referendum begging bowl would have gone a long way , as he was given temporary agreements that on paper looked very pitiful , and it would have cost the eu nothing to be a little more flexible on labor movement , agree something that was more of a headline grabber , in order to secure the greater good over the longer term . 
  sorry for the confusion regarding the iron curtain . 
  i ca n't really understand the iron curtain comparison as well as i would like to , because , as you can tell from my flair , i 'm not from anywhere near a place that was impacted by it ; i can only really relate to what i experience in terms of how both domestic and international travel function today . 
  yes , my passport is a good one , but i do n't think any of the 28 eu countries have passports that are a problem these days ? 
  however i do have a thought on that . 
  being unable to move from a modern democratic european country to a different country because of having to wait on a work visa must surely be a very different thing from being unable to move from a communist state who will disappear you for your troubles if you tried to get out ? 
  calais : we will deal with it when it happens , as it no doubt will as part of the ongoing degradation of our relations with the eu in the forthcoming petty tit for tat dance that both my uk and your eu ignoble feels-before-thinks politicians will doubtless perform for us all . 
  my personal opinion is that when things are being thrown at vehicles , and people are trying to break into vehicles etc in order to cross a border , it is yet another law they have broken , and yet another reason to give them absolutely no clemency for their behaviour , with the obvious consequence being a swift deportation ( and of course by that time we will no longer be bound by echr , so that is likely exactly what will happen ) . 
  fair enough , and nothing necessarily wrong with wanting a strong integrated eu . 
  when it comes to nations , size is generally a strength and a safety in international politics . 
  it 's something i would be more into if the eu itself was less socially liberal with it 's policies as i feel it has ignored its responsibilities to demographics that might not share those particular ideals . 
  as you have no doubt ascertained ; personally at the moment my thinking is probably very typically british ( though oddly , not necessarily typically scottish ) in that i like the eec part of the eu , excluding labor movement which i see as a threat , and also really do n't like the political and social integration parts and as such do n't really see myself as european as a consequence . 
  was n't really necessarily about brexit , but more about these 4 business driven freedoms and why they are afforded a constitution level of prominence . 
  however regarding brexit , in some ways , if these rules were tractable , and similar access existed with canada or the us in particular , it may have been the case that the uk would have been far more willing to toe the line by staying in the club , as it were , and the eu would have been in a position to have an even wider influence on world affairs , instead of having to fend off internal turmoil . 
  question as we ended up going down the brexit route : if a particular set of rules and policies seemingly works for the establishment , a minority within your society , and a lot of people in the wider world whom you will never cross paths with ; but not necessarily for you , and you can see people who are being left behind in your society arguably because of those same rules , and you have a chance to vote on changing those how things work . 
  do you vote for the status quo , or do you vote for change ? 
  as someone who flies regularly , every airport is a border , and i never really find it to be that big a deal . 
  i guess it bothers some people more than others . 
  i generally find borders as a good thing as i see it as a potentially effective way of avoiding letting any bad guys in ( or indeed , allowing bad guys an easy way to get out ) . 
  of course in recent times that effectiveness has certainly diminished , but they are a tool that can be used for everyone 's benefit rather than as a hinderance . 
  i accept it 's reasonable that if someone lives on mainland europe , particularly in a small country like belgium or lux. , or in a border town , overly frequent border queues etc could get very tiresome . 
  i get that the freedom of movement element of the treaty is probably very attractive to eastern european citizens , but does n't it also put their nations of origin at risk due to brain drain ? 
  even out here on the atlantic we have a scottish and irish brain drain as people like to head to england for opportunities . 
  regarding calais , sorry , they are illegal immigrants . 
  the country they are currently in , france , is a safe country , as are the other countries they have passed through to get there . 
  if they want asylum , they should register there for it . 
  that 's not me looking down on french people . 
  i think that the jungle must be an absolute blight upon the people of calais , but it is on their land , and sending in our army into a neighbouring european nation to help round them up and deport a shanty town of 9000 illegal immigrants would surely be both frowned upon and would make france look weak . 
  the french people deserve better from their government . 
  i see - thanks for the explanation . 
  putting aside the argument around whether a particular rule is good or not for a specific country ( i think everyone has their own opinion on this , more or less based on where they live ) , i take the point that they are considered the de-facto baseline that form a common position for doing business that are wrapped into a bigger package , and in that context i can just about get the reasoning . 
  i 'm still a little confused on the following though ; the lisbon treaty effectively replaced the eu constitution in all but name , more or less after the constitution was rejected at the ballot box by both the french & the dutch ( treaty of lisbon itself required 2 attempts to make it through in ireland ) . 
  effectively the people of europe did n't want it , and yet the policies were still slid through under the door in a very undemocratic way , which is perhaps why i am surprised to see these items as staunchly defended as they are . 
  lol qatar . . ca n't tell if serious or trolling with their article given the massive number of zero refugee 's they have taken in . 
  so , not trolling , honest question here for anyone who cares to explain - what exactly is this unimpeachable link between the single market and freedom of labor movement that means that you can not have one without the other ? 
  i 'm struggling to understand why such an arrangement would be technically insurmountable beyond `` because we do n't want to '' . 
  alright , czechy mcczechface it is, 
  sounds like he should be given his own tv show !, 
  it does look awesome . 
  if i were a rich romanian ( or maybe even just rich ) i 'd be buying it and doing it up as a private mansion . 
  i guess life is a lot less exciting in nz, 
  this guy is hilarious , causing 2 news stories now . 
  yeah , it was a game he lost by winning, 
  i 'm always bemused when i see a story like this when an eu country , that is so precocious about freedom of movement , just goes all out and completely ignores their own human right regarding privacy of communication . 
  i have some sympathy with your point , but 28 countries have a large population who can speak english either by design ( schooling ) or from wanting to be able to enjoy us centric entertainment ( movies , tv shows , video games etc ) and therefore have the uk open to them as an option . 
  the uk native population has a tiny minority who can speak any foreign language to a passable level ( sure , we all learn a few words of french or maybe even german in school , but it generally does n't stick because we are n't regularly exposed to any language other than english ) . 
  couple that with additional motivations such perceived quality of living in the west vs east , potential salaries etc , and effectively it is not a fair playing field as a consequence and it works very heavily against people born in & brought up in the uk who have english/scottish/welsh / irish culture as a foundation for their identity , as in many cases it can lock people without job experience from breaking into the job market , or progressing to another role as your company can just import someone who already has the necessary experience ( or depending on the job , is simply willing to work for less because they see it as a good deal compared to what they are used to ) from abroad . 
  if the above could be addressed in a reasonable manner ( i have a big gripe with outsourcing to asia , but of course , that is an issue entirely of it 's own ) , i would be all in favour of freedom of movement , as it is however , it helps no one who actually originates from the uk unless they are an employer who puts no effort into supporting their domestic market/community . 
  bottom line : when i see some globalist complaining that they will lose a few pennies over brexit , i do n't lose much sleep . 
  i 'm sitting on 250mbps myself * shrug *, 
  i go abroad regularly for leisure to countries not within the eu . 
  you arrange a visa , or whatever document needs acquired , you get your passport checked when you land , job done . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  in terms of employment ; freedom of movement does n't work for the uk because pretty much everyone is able to speak english , and those who lose out either directly or indirectly to immigrants have nowhere that they can head off to in turn . 
  how would you like your career to be cornered with no prospects because its cheaper to import some eastern european ? 
  seems sensible, 
  i dont particularly like trump , but the eu parliament take the art of being useless to a level of their own . 
  yeah , got ta rush hard so that you can get into that group where germoney can carry you . 
  i think it 's very difficult for me to research things like this when i can not reasonably interpret documentation that is not in english . 
  however this was my favorite from a quick google search : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/parents-murdered-daughter-stunned-see-5486234 sure , not a race crime , but my point is , there are plenty of bad people to go around , regardless of their motivation , so painting the uk as being particularly evil is disingenuous . 
  yes , there are bad people who do bad things , and they should be arrested and dealt with appropriately as the law prescribes . 
  there 's nothing to be gained by whipping up a media frenzy over their motivation , as they are clearly a tiny minority who have committed an undisputably criminal act , and believe it or not , we are n't dragging all eastern europeans out into the streets and throwing them into concentration camps etc. 
  in short : it is not the epidemic the press would have you believe . 
  anyone on either polar extreme of a topic, 
  yeah , like there 's never any similar crimes in romania or poland for that matter . 
  on the one hand , i do n't really give a damn about his domestic policies . 
  ultimately that is what the electoral system in the phillipines put in place , and we have to respect that . 
  if they have a problem with that domestically they should put up and elect a candidate who is strong on political reform . 
  on the other hand , he has a very unprofessional attitude and should n't be encouraged . 
  reminds me of how some others behave when they do n't get their way , for example regarding brexit . 
  as is sadiq khan . 
  first thing he did as mayor of london was to ban adverts of some girl in a bikini . 
  seems to me that someone who does n't accept western values shouldnt be in a position of leadership . 
  fortune favours the bold , as they say . 
  that 's a lot of words for an author who really just wants to say `` oh the poor refugees '' . 
  least impressive are the blatant lies worked into the article , such as :  and yet there 's no material basis for angst about the refugees he should stick to oceanography and remember that as an american this mess does n't really affect him . 
  i agree to an extent , there will always be people who vote for a group that sits on a polar position on the political spectrum . 
  but to be fair , i 'm a decent test case for this as many people on this sub would consider me to be a right winger ( although political compass argues otherwise ) , for the following reasons ; - i strongly disagree with immigration that lacks stringent controls . 
  - i believe in the limited , or in some cases complete privatisation of services where the state is failing , and offering them privately would be likely to bring a better quality of service . 
  - i think the eu is an embarassment of an organisation in it 's current context , in that it is effectively ( in my mind at least ) unelected , and makes little effort to work for the people who employ them . 
  to add to that , i do n't recognise or feel particularly european as part of my identity . 
  - i have nationalist tendancies , both scottish , and more recently i am finding ( due to many european 's anti uk attitude ) , british . 
  - i believe that we have equality already within the western world and that things like feminism and blm are a little more than opportunists who want special snowflake treatment at everyone else 's expense . 
  - i only accept that there are 2 genders and do not consider a post op trans to be of a different gender . 
  - i believe that the culture of a country or region should be preserved and promoted and not given over to migrant cultures who deviate significant from the incumbent culture and refuse to even try to adapt and adhere ( although i have no problem with multi-race , just multi-culture ) . 
  - i believe in protecting british interests internationally rather than doing things like forgiving international debt . 
  ( although i think that perhaps if greece or italy for example owed me a bunch of debt i 'd be cool with writing a bunch of it off if it helped them find a way to mitigate the migrant crisis effectively given that they get hit with the bulk of it in the first instance . ),
