  how so ? 
  personally i spent my weekends working in a call centre in order to get by when i was at uni , soul destroying stuff and hated every second of it , but you do what you have to do , and is far better than being unemployed . 
  i do n't see the problem with this . 
  plenty of unemployed people with no other work , youngsters looking to get work experience , and university students looking to offset their fees should be grateful for this work . 
  lolno . 
  it 's a shambles for everyone other than germoney, 
  the problem stems from the fact that it has gone far beyond a few fringe idiots at this point , which is pushing people into those extremes as it is preferable to be there than suffer the opposite position . 
  stop outsourcing jobs and importing labour on the cheap then , in order to get salaries back up . 
  easy to achieve at this point , brexit and also introduce a sliding scale for business tax based on some kind of proportion of roles servicing the uk that are based outside the country vs business done in the uk by each corporation , or some other similar manageable system . 
  really ? 
  there 's a jaguar xe sitting outside right now that is a complete and utter pile of mince compared to say , the s type from 10-15 years ago . 
  jaguar are owned by a bunch of indians anyway , the quality of their vehicles having lapsed dramatically since that particular takeover . 
  but of course russia will get off totally free as none of our leaders have a backbone between them . 
  come on world , grow a spine and take action against state sponsored atrocities like this, 
  boomerangs and kangaroo burgers . 
  the point is this ; if the eu take the strop we need to trade with other countries , and perhaps a tariff war will result in further away products being cheaper than eu ones . 
  we already have close ties with australia culturally , so why should n't we look to increase trade with them ? 
  besides , if you squint a bit and look at it funny , you could just pretend it 's austria . 
  darn that evil haxx0r known as 4chan and his dank memes . 
  or perhaps the press are just full of it as usual with the latest moral panic they want to peddle . 
  if they do n't share your domestic values , dont let them in . 
  sure they do . 
  and even if that 's the case , just another reason to not let the ones they let go progress to europe . 
  they are when compared to the worthless bile that you have offered up so far , so make of that what you will the next time you post something that would be better geared towards a classroom full of 12 year olds . 
  no ; jean-claude junker the wannabe emperor of a federal europe . 
  do n't confuse the economic left with the socially liberal left , although i admit that i did not make a clear distinction in my previous reply . 
  how grown up of you to resort to petty name calling . 
  incapable of contributing something of any value to the conversation ? 
  it is no more dangerous than blindly liberal policies , such as the current door policy towards random africans and middle easterns . 
  if i have no right to consider myself scottish or british and put those interests first , then you have no right to consider yourself american , and europhiles can not consider themselves european , as you are in effect a citizen of earth . 
  is that your way of making europhiles feel better by pointing out that millions of british citizens are either ineligible to vote or otherwise didnt care enough about the european federalist dream to vote for it ? 
  the press thrive from highlighting what they see as a problem . 
  however i do accept your evaluation in regards to the media . 
  on the other hand , in / r/europe on reddit ... 
  i think you made an interesting assumption . 
  i would actually be pro-europe if it was n't run by the federalist extreme left and was instead more moderate and more geared towards an economic rather than social and political focus . 
  i could get behind an eu that worked to factor in the best solutions at national level rather than trying to turn the eu into a country in it 's own right with one shoe fits all legislation . 
  goes both ways . 
  no , they wanted a net contributor to remain in the eu , and to shut up , and to do what it is told . 
  nice of you to call 52 % of the uk population `` far-right nationalist zombies '' . 
   peanuts that make you several billions more than they cost too . 
  that 's a big claim for what in reality is a very nebulous area with no clear picture . 
  if billions of pounds are peanuts to you , i 'm sure that the eu will greatly welcome your generous offer to personally plug the shortfall resulting from the uk leaving . 
  i think you need to climb down from your ivory tower , as my comment has nothing to do with one particular country being somehow inherently better than another . 
  every first and second world , and even some developing countries can point to something about themsleves and offer it up as something that allows them to be viewed as great . 
  there are many different ways to measure something like that and in many ways that is a very subjective thing . 
  the fact of the matter is , that the eu votes for what is good for germany , as can be evidenced by their success , which is great for them , but not so great for other countries such as greece . 
  the eu votes the most against the uk , and therefore votes the most against the uk 's interests and as such has a disregard for the well being of the uk . 
  i really should n't have to explain this , as all you need to do is look at a graph or 2 to see that this is the case . 
  these contributions : https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/, 
  the worthwhile information is in the report that they linked to , as opposed to the article itself . 
  the data shown therein however , amounts to the same implication ; effectively , the eu 27 like to vote against the uk , and therefore do not value the uk as an eu member regardless . 
  i take it you are a guardian fanatic then ? 
  since you clearly have a challenged attention span - in this area of the thread we were talking about the fact that the eu clearly despise the uk and only want the membership contribution rather than a working partnership . 
  have you anything worthwhile to say on that subject ? 
  or are you just going to haver on about whatever publications you have decided you do n't like because you do n't agree with their political outlook . 
  look in a mirror when you go for the whole `` do stop your whining '' thing . 
  the eu has been anti-uk for years . 
  eu is already playing at being alienated even though they themselves worked hard to alienate the uk for the last 2 decades , so i do n't really see the issue . 
  the eu always goes against the uk anyway . 
  having uk in the room before was only pretense at being fair and balanced in order to get those juicy eu contributions . 
  sure , tell you what , we will just stay in the eu and block everything we can instead , even if its stuff we might like . 
  it will be great , just like the 80 's , 
  too many hoops for him to concievably jump through to achieve this : - get elected - somehow revise/rewrite the eu treaty and get it on the board for ratification - somehow convince all the other countries to agree on it despite a broad selection of federalist europhiles ruling the eu roost at the current time . 
  - get revised treaty ratified - somehow convince uk to have a 2nd referendum snowballs chance in hell , and therefore wo n't happen . 
  also , the fact that he did not appear to disclose any specific amendments that he would be trying to push makes it clear that this was just hot air . 
  yeah , i 'm not , i was picking at the article which made the assumption that he could do this , when it is very clear that he can not , due to the following : - he is not in power - he has no control and absolutely no way to influence triggering a 2nd brexit referendum , even if he were to be elected in france . 
  - he similarly is unlikely to be able to project power onto other eu countries , particularly germany , to enact a new eu treaty . 
  - the eu treaty covers a broad range of subject matter , it would take a very considerable length of time to propose , negotiate and ratify a new one . 
  in summary : he has a snowball 's chance in hell of achieving this particular objective . 
  his plan has a number of significant dependencies , so good luck with that i guess, 
   he strongly urged the uk to `` play its part '' in the humanitarian effort . 
  we are already building a wall , i do n't see the problem ? 
  lol , why would we even do this ? 
  was the above message brought to us by the bbc department of `` listen and believe '' , misandry , anti-britishness and kiddie fiddling cover ups ? 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/neilmidgley/2015/10/17/doctor-who-ratings-are-awful-but-not-as-bad-as-these-4-reasons-why-the-bbc-wont-cancel-it/#628392ce411e dr who is currently garbage and in the process of failing badly , despite the efforts of some high quality actors like capaldi , and directly because of their fascination with `` progressive '' programming . 
  there 's nothing of value remaining since they chased off real top gear , and it is unreasonable that members of the british public should be required to fund it in order to enjoy other tv stations . 
  some thoughts : so , the article is really `` will the bbc continue to produce increasingly tacky episodes of dr who and show them on bbc worldwide ? '', 
  the answer is ; yes , as we still have to pay the stupid license fee in order to have a tv shrinking press industry ? 
  - pretty much all of the publications have deviated from the spirit of journalism and reporting facts and are now deep into the land of political agenda and clickbait , this is on both sides of the political spectrum . 
  they deserve to fail . 
  museums and galleries are fine , as they are propped up by the tourism industry . 
  cambridge university facing a reduced budget . 
  oh how terrible that must be for the 0.0000001 % . 
  also , how are universities `` arts '' exactly ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that bendy cucumber & co have plenty in the bank and will survive far better than the average joe regardless of which way the vote had went . 
  garbage and confused article from another author who clearly just wants to use any excuse to have a whine about brexit . 
  if you have that big a problem with refugee centres in those countries then you should n't have any problem with planning a better one in libya then . 
  the roots arent in europe either . 
  i think its important that we do try to help genuine refugees , but i have a sneaking position that if we implemented such a scenario as per what has been suggested , many of the ungenuine claimants might find better things to do as they will realise that a door has been closed and therefore aid can be focused on providing an infrastructure and a way forward for those who genuinely need it . 
  if i were a genuine refugee fleeing from a war torn land , i would be delighted to have reached greece , italy , spain , etc - and the concern would moving forward with establishing my new life , rather than about how i get to germany or sweden for the big bucks . 
  if we can make libya that safe harbor , and in effect centralise the problem into one area in order that we can better manage the scale of the problem , i think everyone involved ( europe , libya , and most importantly genuine refugees ) would be better off in the long run . 
  we can go one better , pick a side , and in exchange for securing their realm , they will host the illegal immigrants city . 
  you are n't solving anything by letting them in either . 
  this way , the problem can at least be localised and then hopefully work done to resolve root causes that cause the flow to begin with . 
  labour party is going to end up splitting at some point i reckon . 
  oh , my wife is from the us , i know all about the red tape involved in immigration type stuff ( have even considered moving the other way , maybe we will , one day ) , it 's not fun , but it 's not unreasonable either , and as long as you play by the rules and can meet the criteria then there is n't a problem . 
  i do n't see that it is unreasonable to vet people and their circumstances if you are going to accept them into your state , after all , a nation needs to know what shape it 's population is in , in order to provide adequate services etc. 
  i do n't think it is too much to ask people to play by the immigration rules of a particular country if they want to go there on a permanent basis . 
  poland/hungary/czechy mcczechface etc are in the eu , but random african countries are n't , so i find it more acceptable for an eu national to move between eu countries than i do for a non eu national to do so ( especially if they are illegal immigrants ) .
