  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/25/uk-should-be-punished-if-it-leaves-european-union-to-deter-other-exits  uk should be punished if it leaves eu to deter other exits , say former ministers http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/689086/donald-tusk-european-union-referendum-brexit-eu  eu boss says britain 's eu exit must be painful to serve as a warning to other nations . 
  in short , rather than create a giant post of links easily sourced from some simple googling , lets leave it that guy 's pants are on fire when he suggests that threats have not been made . 
  the eu can go do a flip . 
  well ... eu made it absolutely clear that they wouldnt budge on freedom of movement , so looks like the bizarre dystopia route is the way things are indeed heading . 
  we will let you know what it is in about 5 years time unless nicola jumps the gun and wants to lose . 
  looks to me like everyone listed under `` eu-28 '' is quite pessimistic  , not sure why you are picking on britain, 
  it depends . 
  and in the future it will have control over immigration from outside the uk, 
  the permanent residency process should be as bureacratic and expensive as it is deemed as required to be . 
  individuals feelings should not be pandered to , because no one is a special snowflake in the real world . 
  it goes both ways of course , for example if i lost my sanity and for some bizarre reason wanted to go live in serbia for example , i would expect to have to follow the full equivalent procedure of that particular country . 
  what 's going to be pretty interesting is if/when the uk go all in trump thanks to hostile treatment by the eu during brexit negotiations . 
  a little self reflection now by the eu would go a long way to heading off wider problems in the future . 
  what , exactly , does donald trump have to do with the invasion of afghanistan ? 
  that 's not very tolerant of you . 
  baseless scaremongering and hand-wringing as usual from the guardian . 
   he says non-eu citizens seeking to secure the right of permanent residency in the uk are already subjected to what he says is a `` deliberate hostility policy '' by the home office , where life is made so difficult it becomes near impossible or impossible to stay in the country . 
  the only `` difficult '' part of the permanent residency process in the uk is that it is bureaucratic and expensive , but that 's life . 
  that 's the process . 
  grow up and deal with it . 
  if you really want to be somewhere , make sure you have all the correct documentation , arrange the appropriate appointments and sit in the waiting rooms to get things done . 
  it 's boring , but hardly impossible . 
  ^ precisely the attitude i was alluding to . 
  a bit like how the eu behaves towards the uk then ? 
  hardly needs a report . 
  people in the western world as a whole are having fewer/no children for the following reasons : money - cost of living is just too high these days , why add another mouth to feed . 
  future uncertainty - jobs are no longer for life , in fact in most larger companies people have to work under the constant threat of outsourcing etc. 
  - it is very difficult for working parents to juggle their lives around a child/children , especially as both parents generally have to work these days to make ends meet . 
  responsibility . 
  - the above concerns combined are enough pressure and stress without having to worry about helping a minor grow to be successful . 
  it strikes me that all the uk hating that goes on in some quarters only really validates that the eu have had it in for the uk all along , reinforcing that leaving was probably the right decision . 
  nice idea , but untenable, 
  languishing in the past is the exclusive domain of the europhile now , is it ? 
  where are you sourcing your 2016 figures ? 
  that 's the same france who spent 15bn less on nato than the uk in 2014 , and the same france that only puts 1.6 % gdp compared to the uk 's 3.4 % on military expenditure . 
  yeah ok , good luck with that . 
  personally i prefer any of the other 9 . 
  guess some `` social justice '' twat was the judge . 
  sure https://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/feb/23/spain-property-black-market-housing-madrid, 
  maybe do n't drink bath lotion . 
  it would be like eating rusty nails , and blaming the manufacturer for the internal bleeding . 
  because we really need good relations with countries who are happy to dump their shit citizenry on the eu and wont take them back . 
  when the un started pushing moralising harder over mediation it turned people and countries right off it . 
  it is not the type of organisation that can take any position without being reasonably considered to be biased and pursuing an agenda . 
  there are also always a ton like you , desperate to cream yourself over anything pertaining to `` diversity '' and all that pish . 
  she is average looking , 6/10 pretty much bang smack on . 
  did the other 29 have faces like the back side of a bus or something ? 
  meh ... she 's ok , but i can think of hundreds of prettier women . 
  yeah , soft power has made such a difference so far . 
  i 'm not clear on it , and whether it had been adjusted over the past couple of years . 
  googles results were mixed , so i 'm not really sure which source to believe . 
  i 'm personally of the opinion that monetary union requires alignment certain economic impacting factors , such as how long an individual typically remains in the workforce , whether that be through bringing some countries up to a certain figure , or others down . 
  must be nice to be able to put your feet up at such a young age !, 
  do people still retire at age 50 in greece ? 
  perfect example of a rose tinted glasses wearing europhile who wo n't accept that the existing system is part of the cause of why so many people are up against a wall . 
   thousands of pounds literally 98 % of british households do n't have thousands of pounds to begin with . 
  see the article . 
   huge amounts of purchasing power huge amounts of spiralling debt whereby they no doubt risk losing their homes at any time if they are on a mortgage . 
   their jobs losing them anyway to eastern europeans , `` refugees '' , indians and automation . 
  thats assuming they have one to begin with . 
   half of a toblerone there will probably be a sugar tax soon , so if it goes , it goes . 
   their right to freely work in europe . 
  if you have less than 5k in the bank , you are n't in a position to go `` work in europe '' , and probably only speak english to begin with . 
  `` freedom of movement '' when it comes to labour is a one way system . 
  it is worth precisely nothing to the average british citizen other than an easy passport check if they are lucky enough to be able to go on holiday . 
   workers and environmental rights guaranteed by the eu does n't protect against outsourcing , does n't protect against immigration , therefore worthless . 
  he is the head of the bank of england , it is literally part of his job to ascertain stuff like this . 
   just 2 % have less than 5,000 ? 
  its the opposite ; according to mark carney , just 2 % have more than # 5,000, 
  from the horses own mouth :  `` just 2 % of households have deposit holdings in excess of # 5,000 , [ they have ] few other financial assets , and do n't own a home . 
  so what exactly do people have to lose by voting against the status quo ? 
   it 's a column written by guy verhofstadt , former pm of belgium . 
  as if any prominent belgian politician has ever looked at the eu status quo in anything other than the most glowing terms . 
   we tried that during the great depression , it did n't work . 
  it should speak volumes to europhiles that people would rather risk this than continue with the crap we have right now that constantly sucks away at our quality of life . 
  what the hell are you three waffling on about ? 
  dismissing anything from the hufflepuff post as it is invariably biased , agenda driven garbage ! = `` razing a city '' . 
  maybe extracting your heads from your rear ends would help the world work towards the better place that you think it should be . 
  political correctness / the ctrl-left / the new fascism . 
  empty , one sided and hypocritical rhetoric from the hufflepuff post . 
  the globalist political wings of europe , for whom this lot are clearly fangirls of , have did precisely nothing to benefit the average european . 
  why should i have to pay for fuhrer merkel 's decision ? 
  gunboat diplomacy isnt necessarily a bad thing, 
  it is 335k people away , as per the thread topic . 
  english language is a lot of peoples second language, 
  they are here to make a fast buck and extract it from the british economy . 
  no , you 're right . 
  i do quite a bit of travelling to england for work , and i 'm pretty certain that the pro-immigration types up here are completely blind to the impact that immigration has on major population centres in england, 
  your point was that the situation is not ideological and that germany are n't the main voices behind eu decisions . 
  the fact that the eu are not willing to come to an agreement in order to secure the futures and wellbeing of their own citizens who are based in the uk , and that merkel is a major player in that choice , belies that opinion . 
  in the internet and globalisation age , there is a lot more automation and a lot fewer easily achievable jobs thanks to things like outsourcing and offshoring , and bringing people in on work permits and from poorer eu nations . 
  the fact that wages have stagnated ( https://www.ft.com/content/16662297-2067-3289-81bf-95da91628fbc ) as employers are able to pick and choose from a wide variety of applicants instead of having to compete over a limited pool is reasonable evidence that the current status quo is a negative thing for the average british citizen . 
  the uk needs fewer ( to increase competition for top candidates ) , but more highly skilled people ( to encourage business to operate here ) in order to fit the employment market that we have today . 
  therefore we do not need an additional 650k people per year who have failed to succeed in their own domestic job markets as they represent lost opportunities for uk permanent residents . 
  650k people , a large chunk of whom bring nothing we are lacking , is a big problem . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that while it should be the case that the eu is a co-operative political venture between nations , the reality is that germany call the shots : http://www.politico.eu/article/romano-prodi-european-commission-eu-berlaymont/ the uk should not be playing second fiddle to germany 's wishes . 
  neither should france , italy , or indeed any of the other members . 
  the eu is incapable of reforming away from their federalist ideology ( this is absolutely an ideological confrontation ) and back to something closer to an economic community , and as such it is part of the problem rather than the solution . 
  and an annual birth rate of almost 700k ( as per 2014 figures ) in england & wales alone . 
  not clear on the relevance of the death rate .
