  european 's have an advantage in that most of them speak english and therefore can easily access the uk job market . 
  most brits ( myself included ) only speak the 1 language , so can not realistically migrate the other way . 
  besides , most eu countries are poorer , so what would be the impetus ? 
  ergo , free movement of labour is a 1 way system that is not in the average briton 's favour . 
  combine that concept with ongoing outsourcing of call centre , admin and now tech jobs to asia and you have a perfect storm of jobs going out , people coming in from other countries and getting opportunities , and british people getting frozen out of the workplace . 
  it 's hardly a surprise that resentment has been brewing regarding this matter . 
  in the current globalist marketplace , it is very difficult , if not impossible to protect job employment fully , as it has a direct impact on investment when companies can very easily simply go elsewhere . 
  however protecting jobs on an eu scale , where you have a bigger market that companies can not afford to detatch from , or be on the outside of , provides the opportunity to take all of those call centre , admin and tech jobs , and force them to be sourced in europe , which enables the following : - more jobs to address high eu unemployment figures , particularly for young unemployed . 
  - more opportunities for career progression for existing workforce . 
  - which means less desire/need to migrate , putting less pressure on existing uk residents . 
  - uk does n't lose out on any more jobs than it currently loses through offshoring - closer economic and political bonds between european countries . 
  - no one can understand indians on the phone anyway . 
  ultimately it is a solution that lessens one problem by forcibly servicing it with another problem . 
  no , he was right to call the referendum . 
  it was the most democratic thing he could do , and by definition taking a risk is the opposite of cowardice . 
  what he should have did though was push harder for a better deal with the eu prior to the referendum . 
  in part this was probably more the eu 's fault than his , as they clearly did not understand the risks and refused to provide anything beyond a token agreement . 
  junker and co taking the salty hump with the outcome is comical as it is as much their fault , if not moreso , than anyone else 's . 
  - what cameron should have negotiated on top of what he attained is the following : - an eu wide treaty that prevents offshoring and outsourcing of jobs outside of the eu except in certain circumstances of low unemployment , or an obvious skill shortage in a specific area . 
  this kind of policy would encourage more people to remain in their home nation in the eu if employment was being created in those countries , rather than work being outsourced to pakistan/india etc. 
  it would also have benefitted the eu economy as a whole , with fewer unemployed , and youth unemployment being addressed via low end soft skill work becoming available . 
  - a grant specifically for the funding of home construction in the uk to accommodate the ongoing net influx of migrants . 
  - on a domestic level , something that wouldnt have needed the eu : he should also have implemented tighter controls on immigration from outside of the eu on a cultural adaptability basis . 
  the above would have squeezed a remain vote through in the referendum . 
  it 's too late now though . 
  schulz is a hothead who has no power here . 
  i despise the guardian , but in this instance , they are correct . 
  what do you expect ? 
  there is zero exposure to non english language here unless you actively seek it out ( except in wales where i 'm of the opinion that they just mash a keyboard and see what comes out ) . 
  it is worthless as an article as it has tunnel vision . 
  if she wo n't deliver an end to freedom of influx of foreign european labour , she needs to go, 
  washington compost , not even worth the effort to read, 
  they could if the powers that be got their fingers out of their asses and removed the loopholes that allow for circumventing the minimum wage . 
  from the op image alone : til # 1 : winston churchill was being selfish when he saved europe . 
  til # 2 : only the english did it . 
  because the eu is not a country, 
   because it 's a bit hard to wait around while your case is reviewed while you 're getting shelled with poison gas . 
  you would n't , i would n't and shockingly enough as fellow humans syrians do n't either . 
  thats why they should go to the refugee camps in countries immediately surrounding syria in the first instance , rather than putting their water wings on and swimming to greece !, 
  as for those coming from `` war torn '' countries such as morocco , what 's their excuse ? 
   so you 're denying that fact that anyone muslim picking their nose instantly gets splashed across every right wing tabloid and blog as evidence of muslim invasion ? 
  how is this different to the freak-outs about polish people 10 years ago from the same people banging on about muslims now ? 
  are you denying the fact that just about every article by left wing press makes them out to all be women , children and experienced professionals in sought after trades ? 
  bleat all you want about the `` right wing tabloids '' , but it goes both ways . 
  there is absolutely nothing to be gained from not erring on the side of caution and putting the safety of your own family , friends , neighbours and countrymen first . 
   how about we do what we do with everyone else and if they as an individual commit a crime then we punish them ? 
  in the meantime the systems need tightening up and processing procedures need improving and deportation procedures need improving . 
  but because it does n't work 100 % perfect you seem to be advocating a completely shit non-evidence led system because it 'll please the right wing and various delusionals . 
  no , what we should be doing is something along the lines of the following : - proof of identity is required or else no entry . 
  - if someone has a criminal record , then no entry . 
  - if someone has illegally entered a country via trying to transit to a desirable destination , then no entry . 
  - some sort of cultural compatibility test should be required to be passed . 
  - refugee visa which must be renewed annually . 
  - no right to family members making a hot tag later on because they want to live somewhere nicer . 
  - no right to permanent residency while holding a refugee visa . 
  ( that means auto reject on fiancee/marriage visas ) - no right to naturalisation . 
  - children born to female refugees count as foreign and must be subject to their own visa . 
  - the year the nation of origin is deemed safe , they go home . 
  incidentally , letting everyone in just because they exist , as well as taking their word from it when they claim to be 14 and look 41 is a sparkling candidate for the `` completely shit non-evidence led system '' award . 
   you have evidence of this that is n't just your assertion and the spamming of said assertion by the right ? 
  how about we leave it to the people who review the cases and make these decisions ? 
  this mythology of `` they 're all '' economic migrants or the weasel words of `` the majority '' are just ways to try and get around the problem s of that not being true . 
  how about they review the cases * before * people are allowed entry , and not significantly after the fact . 
   right so the solution is to just withdraw from all obligations because the system is n't already 100 % perfect ? 
  no-one is arguing against tightening up deportation and enforcement for failed applicants or people who commit crimes but there is no reason to just start making `` summary pre-crime of being from muslim country '' policy based on freak-outs by right wing media and the people who spout it but do n't question it , fact-check or have any perspective on it like president trump you 're the one bringing up muslims , not me . 
  it is abundantly clear that large quantities of migrants are bringing undesirable problems . 
  these problems would be more limited if the nation states of europe upheld their end of their social contract towards their citizens i.e. 
  provide for their security , as opposed to wasting everyone 's resources on importing in the problems of incompatible and often hostile outsiders . 
  personally , i would have no problem with that . 
  in the context of the us , mexicans coming across are illegals . 
  in the context of the eu , the vast majority are economic migrants and not genuine refugees , and the system is broken enough that it is failing to differentiate effectively enough . 
   trump to merkel : `` immigration is a privilege , not a right '' he 's not wrong, 
  as an aside , this is a government that a more westernised islamic country is picking , other than deporting them , why the hell are we taking anything whatsoever to do with illegal immigrants from even more extreme nations ? 
   turkish minister claims ` holy wars will soon begin in europe ' better dig out a suit of armour and take the broadsword down the local smithy then : rolleyes :, 
  europe needs zero immigrants . 
  we wo n't be rejoining the eu while it proceeds in its current direction . 
  you will have to find another mug to fund junker & co 's pensions . 
  you are not on our foreign aid list . 
  maybe germoney will do it . 
  all this 60bn figure proves is that we have been getting taken for a ride by the eu all along . 
  dear eu : you are not getting 60bn of anything . 
  maybe france should take responsibility for people inside its own borders, 
  the us needs to get in on this : https://www.canzuk.org/, 
  france is going to end up being the new counterbalance to germany , so best of luck, 
  it 's a misconception that sole traders do not have employees , and this hmrc list isnt based on people not paying themselves . 
  there 's a mechanism whereby sole traders do not have to pay themselves via paye , instead they take `` drawings '' out from their business for personal use as , in essence , they are the company , and tax is based on profits . 
  explanation for normal human beings : http://forums.moneysavingexpert.com/showthread.php?t=3745695 they still have to pay employees at least minimum wage through normal channels though . 
  it is not an employee 's responsibility to absorb an employer 's losses . 
   i would encourage people once they found new stable work to report the companies to the government i think this is probably the most realistic thing that has a chance to happen that would move things in the right direction for everyone . 
  i think everyone has a responsibility to themselves to better their situation , so although i do n't personally like the high levels of immigration to the uk , especially when someone comes with no safety net to back out if things are n't working out for them , i do understand when people do make a move like that . 
  but regardless of the origin who is in the field picking strawberries or whatever its both my , and for a nice change of pace the state 's , opinion that people should be paid fairly for their work . 
   yeah , but do you know anyone in this position ? 
  nope  do you think they can afford to give their employer the finger for not paying what they are legally bound to ? 
  then there are the loopholes which they exploit in order to do this . 
  i think if you willfully go along with ignoring the law regarding pay and happily proceed to undercut local workforce who are not then to claim that eastern europeans ( or anyone else ) who does this are somehow not part of the problem is quite dishonest . 
  now , i 'm not saying that working in such a job is somehow all honey and roses , or in any way enjoyable , but wrong is wrong . 
   i was once in the same position , many years ago not long after the min wage was first introduced . 
  i spoke to management about it a lot . 
  instead i was kept on a training contract to skirt the issue of legality , so technically , they were doing no wrong . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , unscrupulous employers are apt to seek out and utilise loopholes , and those gaps need highlighted and closed down , and said people who happily exploit others should be disqualified from having the opportunity to do so .
