  speaking as a software developer who has worked with various methodologies for a long time , learning it sector stuff like say , business analysis , or delivery methods like agile should n't be particularly difficult for the vast majority of people , the only real specialist knowledge sits with the actual developers . 
  does n't make it right though , does it ? 
  speak for yourself , i do n't recall jumping onto reddit and throwing temper tantrums at either germans or the greeks . 
  did the police read all the anti-british hate on reddit or something ? 
  i think that will depend on whoever wins the tory leadership, 
   negotiations can not take place before article 50 is activated . 
  the eu wants them to activate it quickly . 
  placing a roadblock at this early stage will simply serve to cause the uk to spend a lot of preparation time before triggering 50 and going to the negotiation table , which surely is logically contrary to what the eu claims to want . 
  the more road blocks the eu throws up , the longer it will take people like boris to trigger article 50 . 
  if the eu genuinely wants a quick start to negotiations they would say that nothing is necessarily off the table at this time , or even better , simply not even make a statement on the matter . 
  from what i can make out , the uk are in no great rush to enter negotiations , so not sure where you are coming from with that ? 
  eu says they want quick negotiations , but turn around and dig their heels in on a one of the key reasons people voted to leave . 
  freedom of movement or prompt negotiations . 
  which is it going to be ? 
  theres the bizarre possibility at the moment of scotland being in both the eu and the uk and england being out of the eu in something that the politicians are calling a reverse greenland . 
  interesting times . 
  very few people bear no responsibility for the brexit result . 
  - cameron agreed to hold a referendum . 
  - the mp 's voted on it and strongly backed it . 
  - government have did little to nothing to address the underlying problems that have been brewing for some time . 
  - the remain campaign were grossly underwhelming . 
  - the leave campaign made false promises . 
  - eu/us/others did very little other than make threats , we are taught to stand up to bullies . 
  - the british people voted to leave . 
  - the youth did n't turn out to vote . 
  - migrants put pressure on the job market by migrating to the uk . 
  - businesses put pressure on the job market by outsourcing , offshoring , and preferring foreign nationals . 
  - the media largely tried to spin everything one way and ignored the need to address the other side of the argument . 
  - the eu did not listen to cameron by failing to agree to more than a token deal . 
  - plenty of small minded anti-british comments kicking around on the internet regarding brexit , shows that the eu does n't want the uk anyway , leading to a take the ball and go home mentality . 
  - plenty of social justice whiners constantly doing everything in their power to smack down working class white people , why would working class white people therefore want to vote on the same side as a group of people who clearly hate them . 
  how many items would you like me to list ? 
  i can go on and on all day regarding culpability . 
  what i would suggest is , cameron 's blame lies solely in calling a referendum which was nothing other than the democratic thing to do . 
  ryanair are shit anyway, 
  i think you have some pretty good points , and it touches on the broader concept of identity . 
  i guess people from the uk just generally feel less european than those living in mainland europe , and therefore do n't feel responsible for them ? 
  i 'd go for a system that if a member state can show that a policy will significantly negatively impact their situation then they should be allowed to opt out , or at the very least propose an alternative . 
  sure , it would slow down the brussels political steamroll , but that is the right thing to do when the alternative negatively impacts average people . 
  if anyone fancies donating a couple of million gbp/euros/usd , 2 homes , 5 cars and a private jet for research purposes , i will look into it and report on how many problems i am left with . 
  it 's an advantage in that you can generally easily communicate with others , and its an advantage in many different parts of life based on what it makes available to you in terms of entertainment etc. 
  however it is a disadvantage when it comes to seeking employment as a native within the uk job market as employers can import an outsider who has your skills , speaks multiple languages and is potentially cheaper , and guess what , they dont need a visa as they come from europe no , there is no ban on learning foreign languages in the uk , however as most mediums in the world are predominantly in english , there is very little motivation to do so , nor is there much opportunity for average joe to upkeep the extremely minimal french or german skills they learned at high school . 
  i do n't expect that we are returning to the imperial age . 
  although i suppose there is a small chance of a more diplomatically aggressive britain if our best available option is to diplomatically buddy up with russia due to salty eu countries taking the huff with us  that aside , i do n't think slovakia of all places has much reason to be worried about gunboats unless we start putting them on wheels . 
  i think i need to qualify my reply here in that i 'm probably more open than most in the uk regarding adopting things that we had opted out of , but ultimately i think we should have tried harder to be involved and take the lead on european issues rather than leave it to germany . 
  for example , you would think that having the main financial hub would have placed the uk better to take the role of running the euro , rather than turning noses up at the idea of losing the pound . 
  i think ultimately however the uk would probably have left a lot sooner if no special deals had ever been put in place , as i think the eu would have proven to be a poorer and poorer fit , particularly since turn of the century . 
  the eu that the british people want is an economic alliance . 
  whereas what you appear to want is a political union . 
  the current lot of eu bureaucrats also want a political union , but they wanted to keep the eu on board , so they should have been willing to be more flexible and allow the uk to go at a pace appropriate to a uk . 
  that lack of flexibility has played its part in losing its 2nd biggest contributor , and a population base of 60m + people . 
  good job ... 
  nothing that cameron negotiated negatively impacted any of the eu countries in any noteworthy way . 
  similarly , the suggestions that i have made would on paper probably ultimately benefit european countries more than it would benefit the uk . 
  i agree that the uk should have behaved more like a partner with europe , but do n't agree that we had an unfairly advantageous deal . 
  if that 's how you feel then clearly the distance between the eu and the uk is significant enough that it justifies the uk voting to leave . 
  speculation ; i think you are right that some investment would be lost , but i think it would be worth it for what we would gain in terms of skills for our workforce , and extra employment opportunities . 
  besides , you would be able to phase it in on an industry-by-industry basis , as well as limit it to future outsourcing rather than operations that are already in place . 
  i 'm sure that you can use google as well as i can . 
  here 's some information regarding the uk rebate : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate . 
  you might disagree with the reasons , but reasons nevertheless exist . 
  the euro is working out magnificently for med . 
  countries such as greece , italy and spain . 
  existing ? 
  sure , that 's fair . 
  prospering ? 
  hardly . 
  the euro of course is a massive item , but it shows clearly that a one size fits all policy does n't always work , and the bigger the ticket it is , the harder it fails if it does n't work out . 
  in the uk , we have devolved parliaments with their own powers in scotland , wales and northern ireland , due to the fact that policies on many issues rarely work out universally , and personally i find the scottish parliament to be a strength rather than a weakness when it comes to keeping the country moving in the right direction . 
  1 - didnt say that it had to be migrant housing , only that the home construction would offset demand in the housing market . 
  you can append other caveats to the rule around what kind of properties the money would be used to build , for example make buy to let illegal on those properties etc. 
  plenty of considerations to be made around how to dress something like that up , however this is reddit , and i 'm not a lawmaker  2 - agree that changes have to be made regarding housing construction to not only make it easier to get properties built , but also to ensure that it happens , and that it is something that has to be changed within the uk . 
  3 - people want a stable permanent job in order to secure their future . 
  i do n't know what the building trade looks like these days , however when i started out in working life 2 decades ago , i recall looking at job boards and noticing that building trade roles were more often than not temporary positions . 
  * if * that is still the case ( which it may not be , feel free to educate me here ) , then it is the construction industry that needs to evolve in order to attract more builders into it . 
  where did that spring from ? 
  besides , we clearly need to reserve our gunboats for use against the likely imminent calais migrant armada . 
  cameron 's campaign : he definitely fluffed the campaign big time , wo n't disagree with you there . 
  but i ca n't think of a single individual from the remain camp that stood out as providing a strong and coherent message in regards to remaining . 
  every single one of the remain campaign should be ashamed of their efforts . 
  if the meal that is served consists solely of negatives and threats , with a side of doing absolutely nothing about people 's concerns , then many people would rather starve than eat . 
  treaty suggestion : i think that 's along the lines of what i would liked to have seen from the remain campaign . 
  show that we can work , and take the lead on something , with europe to do something that benefits everyone , and addresses problems/perceived problems , rather than constantly playing on the defensive . 
  if i can come up with something like this as a private individual with no involvement in politics , then the political elite who wanted us to stay in should have made the effort to look at the problems and come up with something similar . 
  the cost of not doing so will be long lasting . 
  remain wanted to do nothing . 
  the eu wanted to do nothing . 
  leave 's pants were on fire from all the fibbing , but as they were pro change on various issues , they won the vote . 
  construction grant : a token gesture of a few 100 million that could get phased out over a small number of years would have been enough to keep everyone happy . 
  uk government consistently fails on housing without the eu 's help , but getting the eu involved in this way through a grant would have shown that the eu can benefit the uk in ways that augment national government . 
  that said , yes , it could n't be the sole solution to that issue . 
  i think that a lot of leave voting centers around issues that our national government is unwilling to address rather than items that they can not address due to eu legislation . 
  cultural adaptability : to be candid : it is absolutely a euphemism for `` not muslims '' . 
  it is a governments responsibility to provide for the general security of the people they represent , and as we can see from various events in today 's world , letting in large volumes of muslim immigrants does n't appear to assist in meeting that governmental responsibility . 
  the uk has many unique qualities that do n't quite map into the european standard ( tm ) . 
  as such it needs specific considerations that fits it 's needs . 
  think of it as an unusually wealthy and generally competent disabled person that needs a wheelchair ramp installed . 
  you could argue that other countries have their own specific needs , and i would n't disagree with that , but it would be up to them to do something about it . 
  in what way ? 
  to clarify , a large part of the eu issue is based around employment .
