  what i took from it was that merkel & co value their ideology more than they value the people that it impacts despite any ruminations to the contrary . 
  so anyone happy to defend them , well , it says a lot . 
  if people take anything from 2016 , it should be that nothing is inevitable . 
  do n't be surprised by any issue that both sides refuse to back down on , because pragmatism is not at the table . 
  there is a far bigger picture than just tax avoidance that needs fixed : - tax avoidance - reduction of immigration ( 650k in 12 months is not acceptable ) - getting permanent residents of the the united kingdom into work - forcing business to train staff rather than import ( tighten work visas , tax benefits for offering professional certification training ) - improving education system so that british citizens are developed in skills that business needs , rather than `` the history of feminist art '' and other such nonsense , and also rather than the education system being a cottage industry cash cow for training foreign citizens . 
  no problem with the latter though as a parallel system so long as the former is being prioritised . 
  immigration needs fixed as a priority however , as there are far fewer barriers for europeans , and in fact pretty much anyone , coming to the uk than there are for uk citizens going elsewhere . 
  eu migration is particularly troublesome as the uk has become a dumping ground for the unwanted unemployed citizenry of other eu member states ( as evidenced by the almost 250k unemployed with no prospects who have come here to find work over the past 24 months ) . 
  the balance is neither right nor fair and requires a solution that works for the uk . 
  what is `` good '' for big business , is not necessarily good for the overall population if it is at the expense of the population as a result of importing staff on cheaper wages leaving the domestic population unemployed and on benefits . 
  especially when half of those businesses are playing at tax dodging to begin with . 
  650k migrants in a year is f *** ing ridiculous for a country of the uk 's size . 
  the uk have n't had an opportunity to vote on a referendum that would directly offer a mechanism that would restrict non-eu immigration . 
  corporate power -  political parties unwilling to look after their own population rather than allow cheap labour = people will take what they can get that might alleviate the situation , which in this case was the brexit vote . 
  blame the influence of big business & globalism for a more sensible solution not being considered . 
  it is not a matter of whether it is popular or otherwise . 
  the uk tried to secure your situation , but the eu were n't interested . 
  you can thank fuhrer merkel for your impending ride on the choo choo train if it is what comes to pass : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/29/donald-tusk-accuses-british-voters-backed-brexit-creating-anxiety/, 
  it 's alright , europe will be getting them all back when freedom of movement is closed down and they arent given the right to remain due to eu stubbornness . 
  as the eu are inflexible , they are the blockers who companies like ford need to apply pressure to . 
  in which case it goes back to the fact that , as i 've already pointed out , ford need to go complain to the eu about it , as it is the eu who are the ones preventing business from taking place in the circumstances which ford would like . 
  i think its pretty clear that the uk just do n't want freedom of movement , the ball is in the eu 's court for the rest of the items , and therefore ; yes , it is . 
  its really up to the eu in regards to how flexible they are willing to be . 
  maybe ford should go whine at them . 
   so i think they would only admit defeat if there are pictures circulating of refugees burning the eu flag or some shit like that . 
  this will happen if they arent given enough nutella and gummy bears . 
   not exactly a credible source . 
  as if there 's any such thing these days . 
  very badly written and difficult to read article that makes extremely tenuous connections . 
  clickbait title and moral panic rolled into one for bonus points . 
  i think sectarianism amongst uk christian faiths is slowly dieing out , which can only be viewed as a good thing . 
  havent seen anyone `` panic '' . 
  personally i find it interesting that there is a bit of structural instability in the game , as it means it shakes things up a bit . 
  i wish they would add more potential events like this in , albeit perhaps more appropriate items like occasional league restructures etc. 
  it 's hard to make the `` ah but a vote by the uk as a whole should n't apply to us '' approach stick when we turned down our chance at independence not so long ago , because what that referendum declared was that we agree with being british . 
  that 's speaking from the perspective of someone who voted in favour of independence btw . 
  to be fair , economy becoming preeminent over military might as a measure of importance is a phase , historically it tends to slip back and forward between the two depending on whatever is going on . 
  we currently seem to be trending on going back to the other . 
  personally , i wish people would stop crying and stamping their feet whenever the result of some sort of political vote does n't go their way . 
  it is childish and holds things up from moving on . 
  shortage of vowels in wales caused by brexit . 
  had to dip into the cheaper stockpile of y 's, 
  mutually beneficial for the family whose main earner gets made redundant because their job gets outsourced ? 
  go try some real life 101 . 
  on the other hand , for others to have it better , i have to have it worse , and i do n't see that as an acceptable or worthwhile solution . 
  i will be happy when i can afford to retire and live comfortably off it . 
  until then , job security , migration policy , and `` progressive '' bullshit are a concern . 
  it is not a significant burden , however it is an inconvenience . 
  because then i have to endure the inconvenience of owning and carrying around a bag/various bags with me , making sure they make their way back down to the car after a bigger shopping etc instead of simply having them be present when i require them to be . 
  i also have to purchase those bags regardless at least 1 time whereas previously they cost zero . 
  correct , they should throw their shit away in the garbage , not into the wind , but then why am i paying 5p per bag when i did n't throw it onto the streets to begin with ? 
  more than the previous solution which was both more convenient and/or less expensive . 
  i understand that is why he is chiming in , however ; the referendum was n't for everyone who has economic interests in the uk , it was for people who live here and are eligible to vote . 
  richard , just stop . 
  you do n't even live here . 
  my personal time and money wasted by green measures increased by more than half . 
  while positive environmental outcomes are good , i liked things better when life was more convenient . 
  environmentalists need to develop solutions to problems that dont involve hassle or added cost . 
  calling a part of the city `` cox '' , is n't going to feminise anything . 
  i am so fed up with political correctness . 
  have fun , belgium . 
  however they do not register at the first safe country they reach as per the rules , they make a beeline for wherever the benefits are best , refusing to register anywhere else , which is what they are really about , breaking asylum rules in the process . 
  if their true concern was safety then they would not do this . 
  it is abundantly clear that the vast majority are illegal immigrants in every sense of the word . 
  therefore we have no responsibility towards their well being . 
  why is it that people like you think that i should be the one who has to carry harder in order that your ideals can be reached ? 
  if you have actually travelled to any worthwhile extent , unless you did so with your eyes closed , you would quickly come to understand that in general life is very cheap ( and not some special value with a line drawn in the sand that people and governments never cross ) , and that most people are opportunists who will take whatever they can get from other people . 
  i would prefer that european countries are not dragged down to that level as , just like with bussing kids from bad areas to schools in good areas in the us , in general they will bring the quality of life down for everyone else , not raise their own standards . 
  we have already seen clear evidence of this effect in sweden , france and germany ( and quite frankly , if anyone reading this lives in the uk , feel free to visit places like bradford for 15 minutes to see what importing a whole bunch of muslims and putting them together gets you ) . 
  cultural compatibility should be a primary requirement for any international migration . 
  it was certainly a major point in the timeline where many people started to re-evaluate their positions on the eu . 
  personally i did n't have a strong opinion on the eu either way until the run up to the brexit referendum , however the migration policy made me give it a long hard look , and i did n't like what i found . 
  i think a lot of people , if they gave the eu a serious look , would find that in practice it is very left of field compared to their original perception and understanding of it . 
  i would hope that any politician regardless of alignment should put the people they represent first rather than millions of illegal immigrants . 
  look at the consequences of her open door policy : - upsurge of illegal immigration by the hundreds of thousands . 
  - military resources having to be committed to the mediterranean because of the press moaning about illegal immigrants drowning ( as it if was somehow a european responsibility ) . 
  - crime scandals and rise in domestic terrorist incidents in european countries - might have swung brexit . 
  - political polarisation at every level enhanced by the merkel migration policy . 
  - moaning to other countries to take in the migrants ( we have over 1200 opportunistic leechers in scotland as we speak , enjoying wasting my tax money , while services that i might actually benefit from are suffering . ), 
  no politician should have their career survive such a farce . 
  are you going to offer up some sort of valid point ? 
  or are you just here to spill empty rhetoric and get upset with people who disagree with your point of view ? 
  my vote is on the latter given that is the modus operandi of people of your disposition . 
  opening the gates for millions of chancers from africa and the middle east is not progress , it is self destruction , and a betrayal by the state on its responsibilities to its own people . 
  `` progressives '' could be doing with some growing up . 
  if you vote merkel back in , do n't get upset when no other country will take any of the illegal immigrants that she likes to invite round for a free ride . 
  `` peer who wrote article 50 '' is welcome to piss off to the continent never to return if he enjoys the eu so much . 
  you would think they would have learned their lesson after the last 2 , at least . 
  yeah , check out india and every other non eu country 's open door immigration policy before you come up with nonsense like that, 
  i think both ways round are practical , yet equally unrealistic due to strength of feeling , meaning that a solution that no one will be happy with is likely to be the outcome . 
  you have to understand that i am coming at the issue from a british perspective , having read a bunch of articles from roi about how they will be worse off and isolated , so have n't given appropriate consideration to the other way around . 
  that said , cedeing ni to roi , would n't address many of the concerns that roi have been concerned about , as they would still be stuck out there in the atlantic alone next to britain . 
  i think a border check between ni/roi will end up being the answer , in the short term at least . 
  being from the uk , i 'm hopeful that votes on the continent will go our way , because we are n't going to get any joy from an eu that refuses to budge from what it sees as being it 's ideals . 
  i liked the eu better back when it was an economic community rather than pushing towards becoming a bit of a frankenstein 's monster of a nation state . 
  it 's incredibly difficult to get anything other than opinion and speculation on scottish independence . 
  i voted for independence last time , but if a snap referendum were to happen right now i would n't for the following reasons : 1 - to soon , we need to wait for a couple of years post brexit at least to see what it looks like . 
  2 - i do n't like sturgeon as she follows the `` progressive '' ( in my opinion regressive ) school of thought . 
  what i would say though is that devolution has generally been a good thing , as devolved parliaments have led to local populations being better serviced . 
  england are really missing out by choosing not to go down that route .
