  7.5 tons ? 
  3.5 tons ? 
  yeah , so how many small trucks do you want to clog up city traffic to deliver stocks to super markets , electronic outlets , clothing shops , restaurants , bars , cafes , mail delivery and so on ? 
  i saw an interview with the company owner where he said that . 
  the truck was a full automatic . 
  just know the difference between forward ( d ) and backwards ( r ) and know how to disengage parking break and you 're good to go . 
  that 's a shame . 
  this . 
  well , we are n't . 
  that 's why they are being sent home . 
  still we have decided to hold every person to the same laws and standards so we ca n't just let someone look at them to say `` i do n't like your face so go home now . '', 
  but we have to follow a certain process . 
  and this takes time because the authorities have to save money which they do by having less people working on these processes . 
  it 's a balance of costs . 
  does it cost more to have more immigration control agents or just to have those people live here for a couple of months ? 
  and before you propose to get the money back from them : what from ? 
  they do n't have anything of value apart from their phone and some clothes . 
  and again , we wo n't hold them to worse standards than our own citizens in need so we wo n't take the little they have left but just send them home . 
  from what i read , they found his `` duldung '' document . 
  a `` duldung '' means that his deportation is temporarily suspended . 
  this is typically due to `` legal or factual reasons '' . 
  this can be a political process , when they are in discussion with his country of origin or there is an open investigation or just logistical issues . 
  if this proves right it will probably lead to more demands to not let them roam freely but intern them which would need to be balanced with article 2 of our constitution , though . 
   article 2  [ personal freedoms ]   ( 1 ) every person shall have the right to free development of his personality insofar as he does not violate the rights of others or offend against the constitutional order or the moral law . 
    ( 2 ) every person shall have the right to life and physical integrity . 
  freedom of the person shall be inviolable . 
  these rights may be interfered with only pursuant to a law . 
  maybe he 's come from belgium in the first place . 
  we do n't know ... 
  in german both are a `` hahn '' although we word it more precise by calling the tap a `` wasserhahn '' . 
  in germany we have a coalition from the elections in 2013 with 67,2 % ( 41,5 cdu + 25,7 spd ) but from 71,5 % election turnout this results in actually only 48 % of all possible votes . 
  so even the most voted two parties together do n't reach a simple majority as soon as you count in the non-voters but effectively they have more than 2/3 and could theoretically even change the constitution . 
  why would you use english ? 
  the english wo n't even be part of the eu anymore by then . 
  poland , ireland and italy ? 
  and i nearly missed it because it all plays out as response to a -20 downvotes `` it 's still all propaganda '' post ... 
  so you say things happening in french guinea are totally ignored by all of south america because it 's happening in europe ? 
  please take note of the last paragraph in the wiki article : in september 2010 the bundestag passed a bill to reduce co2 production from housing by 80 % . 
  this means old buildings need new insulation . 
  where do you put new insulation on an old house ? 
  the outside . 
  those decorations will be in the way and will most probably removed if the house is not cultural heritage . 
  i do n't get that one . 
  i mean , they have preserved a lot of the building , it 's only the place and streets in front that have changed , right ? 
  thank you . 
  that was an idiotic error . 
  i wonder about the background assumptions that lead to your picture of what is happening , at least as long as germany is concerned . 
  i mean , yeah , assimilation or integration , however you want to call it or differentiate between the two , * feels * problematic but i do n't feel it 's as much of an issue as some people make it out to be . 
  as all of this typically boils down to crime statistics , here 's the issue with the most cited german statistic : it 's not a statistic about offenders but about subjects . 
  so , if there 's a murder case in the area of organized crime for example , and there 's ten non-german suspects at the point where police transfers the case to the prosecutor but in the end a german is convicted , the statistics shows the non-germans as ten times more criminal than the germans . 
  even more so as someone would then calculate this against the number of germans and non-germans ( of course the former group is bigger ) and the difference becomes even more skewed . 
  still , all media and of course the more right leaning parties all make a big fuzz around that statistic and because no one ever actually reads the thing , interpretations are not scrutinized at all . 
  this then spills over into international media coverage and social media and suddenly the end of days is nigh . 
  on the contrary , if you actually look at the trend ( this is a yearly statistic ) , numbers are constantly sinking . 
  additionally , the willingness to actually report crimes has risen in the last years . 
  so more people actually report crimes ( a lot of crimes is not actually reported by a citizen but police and prosecutors start investigations by themselves ) but the number is still sinking overall . 
  additionally there are studies showing that the willingness to report a crime by an alleged non-german is way higher than the willingness to report a crime by a german . 
  think of a bar brawl . 
  people would more often report if the other guy was an arab than if it was a german . 
  for the same act . 
  this of course does n't mean that we are doing everything right , it does n't mean that we do n't have issues with integration and assimilation . 
  but the situation is far less fatal as it seems to be . 
  well , there 's no law about words or letters . 
  so if someone with enough authority decides that from now on \u00df will become ss as far as government offices or public agencies are concerned , even the court will write your name with ss in their files and they will most probably dismiss your case directly . 
  you are not entitled to a certain way of writing for your name . 
  a japanese or chinese person 's name will be written in latin letters here , not in kanji or whatever the characters in chinese writing are called . 
  the same would apply if german public offices had to stop using \u00df . 
  it will probably never happen but remember that it has initially evolved as a ligature of '' \u017f '' and `` s '' and the former does n't exist anymore in our current writing . 
  so it 's not totally out of the question . 
  if the letter would n't exist , your name would n't be worth less . 
  we dont have letters like \u00e6 or \u0153 anymore and i see no one complaining . 
  why should it be different with \u00df ? 
  would have been easier if you had all been `` grosse '' , had n't it ? 
  how will this reflect on the keyboard layouts ? 
  right now the upper case of the \u00df key is the question mark . 
  will this be moved ? 
  and why do we need that letter in the first place ? 
  you could also bing it ... hahahahahahaha, 
  but is n't that a totally different issue than what the eu fine was about ? 
  from my understanding the fine was for google showing google shopping results on top of their search and placing them more prominently than other price comparison services could ever be placed . 
  which in itself is rather weird because at least here in germany google shopping is utter shit because it has no usable data basis . 
  you 're right , i misread . 
  still applies to too many people in my opinion . 
  well , that 's a self-fulfilling scenario . 
  if all those people who say that would get their heads out of their asses and vote something different than red or black a lot would change . 
  also imagine a french accent while reading it . 
  guy i know from paris always said , the british are polite up front but behind your back , they shit on you . 
  people from paris ... well ... they just shit on you :d, 
  from my point of view the key is the use of chemical agents harming civilians . 
  even if hitler personally forbade the use of chemical weapons for the military ( which is highly disputed as the other commentators point out here ) , he had no issues whatsoever using them to terminate millions of civilians . 
  the things we ( in you and me , not in the us and eu ) do n't know about that incident in syria are so many . 
  ( `` yeah , we know it was assad but it 's secret so we can prove it but we wo n't . 
  you just have to believe us , we are the good guys . '' ) . 
  you say assad is worse than hitler ? 
  fucking prove it . 
  as well as not so funny things . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i assume they did n't show the video which shows him reaching inside his bag * in front * of the mcdonalds and starting to shoot ? 
  as far as i know he never entered that mcdonalds or at least not with his weapon drawn . 
  if disproving it leads to people accepting that they were hooked on pseudoscience and getting their children vaccinated , it has already payed off in regards of herd immunity .
