this is weird , mate . 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  they 're so incredibly unrelated things . 
  no , we do n't want or need to know about every discussion had between our governments . 
  do you think mi6 should open their doors ? 
  what nonsense . 
  i do n't think it 's unrelated because both are in their way an expression of `` distrust '' in or `` control '' of your government , which is a basic foundation of our democratic system . 
  and yes , i do think that mi6 ( or comparable agencies , gchq , bnd ... ) need to open their doors somehow . 
  surely not to the general public but here in germany we have , on paper , the directive that parliament should control the intelligence agencies because they as well have to abide the law . 
  and we have had massive issues with that in the past as the parliament was not able to assess if intelligence agencies are actually doing that . 
  and the government is actively trying to hinder attempts to investigate this issue for years now . 
  and that is the same government that is now involved in all the secrecy about those negotiations . 
  maybe you can understand why i do n't outright trust them ? 
  and as i know them , once the draft is finished they will put it 's do n't know how many hundreds of pages up for parliamental discussion with a week 's notice , then vote it through with all their members of parliament who follow like sheep instead of making up their own minds and all domestic negotiation will be averted . 
  that is the issue i have . 
   unless you are saying that every trade agreement in existence is evil , you have to accept that secret negotiations are n't problematic that is a wrong causality . 
  they become problematic in the exact moment where there is one that is `` evil '' , as you call it . 
  it is n't even about the point that they want to negotiate a trade agreement . 
  that 's basically a good thing . 
  but it 's about what has actually surfaced and yes , that may be biased by the political agenda of the one who made it public . 
  many people here are in favor of the us and the other participating countries but they do n't want that agreement at all costs . 
  our market works differently from the one in the us , we have more data protection , more consumer protection and many germans or europeans do n't want to sacrifice this for such an agreement . 
  plus , people do wonder why our government is deliberately not telling things or outright lying about aspects of this topic and the only motivation many see for them to do that is that they know that certain things are not in our interests as a country but only in the interest of their political agenda . 
  the only other reasonable explanation would be that even they do n't understand what it 's about . 
  on top of that comes a certain amount of scepticism of the eu organisations and their democratic legitimacy so it 's a really wide field that is touched here . 
  in the end we dance around the actual issue with all this . 
  in many cases it 's not about the agreement itself but about other topics that you can field better with leverage through this topic . 
  on the other hand it 's about the general public that does n't have the time nor in depth know how about the topics but it feels as if certain market values should be imposed on us where we instead would prefer to impose our own values on the others . 
  plus snowden , nsa , safe harbor and all the other things going on right now . 
  and there 's no one credible and agendaless enough and with access to the negotioations to make it clear to `` joe public '' how it works and what is actually discussed and what not . 
  so no one can even take those fears from the people because no one is allowed to talk about it . 
  just because no one has done it back then does n't mean we should n't start now . 
  and ttip is hardly the first big abbreviation that has crossed our political landscape in the past couple of years and every time there were a lot of things coming out inbetween and after them failing that were worrisome , to say the least . 
  the main point of the protests is that it made citizens feel as if the government tried to sign aggreements that might have a big impact on legislature without having an actual legislative discussion about it . 
  also many people do n't want to have them sign a contract that might circumvent our judiciary by means of nebulous arbitration courts where companies might sue the whole country because they think they lose money because of changes in the law . 
  i do n't know how much transparency there was about the treaties you mentioned but only because we or our parent 's generation let them slip there does n't mean that we have to let them get through with everything now . 
  if an american defends the right to bear arms to protect himself from his own government , no one gives a shit . 
  if a european only wants to know what his government talks about with the us government , everyone goes nuts ? 
  what the hell ? 
  pretty much this . 
  i love the idea behind it but i do n't like how it 's codified as well as the institutions . 
  i 'd like to see a parliament that actually has some power and less decisions on the minister 's level . 
  more democratic legitimization essentially . 
  also i 'd be willing to sacrifice national power for a more unified approach to exterior and defense policies . 
  might clash with our constitution , though , so we 'd need to sort that out . 
  i would n't say so . 
  if you take a look at the following lists you can see that the us is ( at least in certain states ) amongst those with the lowest limits : http://www.unicef.org/pon97/p56a.htm https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defense_of_infancy#ages_of_criminal_responsibility_by_country i guess that the other countries have different approaches and measures for young offenders ( there are also some notes in the wikipedia list ) but in the end it 's recommended by the un to not set this limit lower than 12 years . 
  i do n't think there is an absolute right way to handle things like this but i do think that we are doing a good job at it over here and i definitely prefer the german system over the american one . 
  you ca n't get out of it by just saying `` oh , but i 'm 19 . '', 
  there are clear levels in the law from what age on you might be tried and what has to be considered when trying teenagers or young adults . 
  first , you become `` strafm\u00fcndig '' when you turn 14 . 
  the law assumes that there is generally not enough fixed personality development until that point so kids will not be tried at all before that . 
  there is however still the possibility of measures that a family court can decree such as psychological treatment and stuff like that . 
  a good example is the mentioned case where the kid who apparently did it got locked up in a psychiatric clinic . 
  also you can still take up civil court cases against the kid or the parents/guardians of the kid . 
  as soon as you turn 14 you can be held accountable according to the `` jugendstrafrecht '' ( criminal law for young offenders ) and as soon as you come of age with 18 you can be tried as an adult . 
  there is however a time until you turn 21 where a psychologic assessment can deem you still being a young offender but that is certainly not a default decision . 
  there are a couple of differences between the trial and punishment of young offenders . 
  for example the trials are non-public ( every normal trial process is public , anyone can go there and attend ) and punishments are more limited . 
  the law specifically states that punishment is first and foremost intended to prevent and to educate , not to `` just punish '' . 
  so for example you can not lose your right to vote or to run for a public office later in your life . 
  also jail time is limited to 5 years . 
  also there are different levels of `` jail '' . 
  there are institutions where you have a typical jail day with early rise , work and back to your cell but there are also institutions where you just need to come in during night and weekends but you can normally attend school . 
  you can scale it down in many ways , mandatory social work , regular checks with an official person , mandatory psychological counseling , whatever is needed to get those kids to not fuck up again and still keep them on the move towards a school graduation and a normal life . 
  the essential part is , they are kids and we assume that they are typically not in a position where they just plan cold blooded murder just because but it 's almost always external factors or psychological factors which can be fixed somehow . 
  well , paying child support is a part of the caring . 
  point is , the child has a right to know him so he ca n't stay anonymous ( which is also a big problem regarding sperm banks here because you ca n't legally donate and stay anonymous ) . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure if they can force you to maintain contact but , well , it 's complicated . 
  this would n't work in germany because besides the father 's right to have contact with the child there is also the child 's right to know and have contact with its father . 
  that 's what made certain decisions even more furious for `` father 's rights '' groups here as the fathers often get all the obligations but no rights and they ca n't even get out of it even if anyone else ( apart from the newborn ) also wants him to have no contact with the child . 
  haha , thought so from the start , 
  in the right sidebar there should be a checkbox `` show my flair on this sub . 
  it looks like : '' with your username below . 
  there you should be able to choose a flag to put there . 
  add your flag to your name . 
  then everyone would know for sure who you mean with `` us '' . 
  on the other hand you seem to need the italians , spanish and austrians to do things right , 
  would have worked better if you 'd flair up , 
  thanks for those numbers !, 
  it 's interesting how a 6.6 % - points difference translates into a 73 to 27 relation due to this . 
  thanks for the numbers !, 
  are the eletoral districts the same for the referendum as they are represented in the parliament ? 
  different weight there might influence the overall statistic in one way or the other ... 
  well at least mps from areas where a majority voted `` stay '' should vote against it , should n't they ? 
  it 's been their voter 's will after all . 
  it does n't make sense in a power consumption way . 
  it does n't matter if it 's 5 , 6 or 7am when i wake up . 
  i will still switch the light on in the bathroom . 
  and if you move it by one hour so i do n't have to switch the light on in my bedroom in the morning , i have to keep it on an hour longer in the evening . 
  you just move the power usage between morning and evening . 
  so it does n't matter . 
  it seemed to have been some kind of trend around 2010/2011 to remove conscription . 
  at least in germany conscription was paused ( not officially stopped at all ) in 2011 . 
  there was a lot of public discussion about the topic . 
  main points were that only roughly every third man was even drafted into service so there was a good chance to not be asked in the first place . 
  this of course was arbitrary and as such you could sue yourself out of the service , which happend often enough . 
  also only men were forced to serve , women could voluntarily apply , which of course is a discrimination by gender , although sanctioned by court as far as i remember . 
  the other side was , that there was a really high quota of people doing civil service ( which was longer than the military service , and , if i remember correctly , paid even worse ) and hospitals and nursing homes depended heavily on that workforce . 
  personally i would n't mind having military service .
