  i do n't think that the short timeframe of 9 months , that we had in the end , makes much sense , i would opt to make it a year flat with consideration to the starting dates of university and corporate apprenticeships . 
  ( so people can apply for university or apprenticeships and start them in a normal timeframe ) . 
  also i would n't make it military service that you have to actively resist but to make it civil service where you can choose if go to the army , do a classic civil service ( hospital , kindergarten ... ) , social or ecological year or if you opt to do part-time voluntary service in a fire department , red cross , technisches hilfswerk or similar organizations ( which was 6 years in the end ) . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing to make everyone do a year of service as long as it actually is everyone . 
  exceptions need to be very limited , as they were before , on paper . 
  if you care fulltime ( or close to fulltime ) for a relative , it 's like civil service , you should get paid like other people doing civil service . 
  if you work on your family 's farm , you can get paid like doing an ecological year . 
  i do n't think the old exception for the fourth ( and later ) child of a family should live on , if we do it again , it has to be everyone . 
  and if it is everyone , i would be okay with it . 
  depends if you have friends or `` friends '' , i guess . 
  i would have refused had they tried to put me into a silly costume and walk around town or something . 
  we had it happen at a private party in a place where not many people walk by so it did n't bother me that much . 
  for what i call normal people i would expect a little bit of mockery for a couple of weeks afterwards or someone bringing it up again if you actually marry later on but apart from that , well , what do they want to do ? 
  force you physically ? 
  that would n't be legal . 
  depends . 
  for me it was a toothbrush at first and when i swept all from the stairs to a heap in front of it , i got a straw broom ( which , ironically , worked even worse to sweep bottlecaps than the toothbrush ) . 
  of course , from time to time , someone will drag their heels through the pile so it will last a little longer . 
  also this did n't happen as part of a tour they `` kidnapped '' me for but at the party i threw . 
  peer pressure is a bitch :d, 
  i am surprised , you do n't know this . 
  in northern germany it 's the same . 
  guys have to sweep the ground in front of a public building . 
  typically friends collect a lot of bottlecaps before and you get a toothbrush to sweep . 
  there might be better tools as soon as you reach certain `` milestones '' ( cleaned all from some stairs to a certain area or something like that ) . 
  girls have to polish doorknobs instead . 
  you can be set free from the task if a virgin kisses you . 
  is n't it the same with vaccination ? 
  most anti-vaxers here in germany seem to be from a population group with high education . 
  they should know better . 
  well i think it 's tough to argue that we ( as the west , europe , us and sphere of influence ) have nothing to do with the turmoil in the region so we should suck up our elitism and lend help to those who suffer from our actions . 
  maybe i did n't support the war in afghanistan for example but that does n't mean that i have to wish death upon the soldiers there . 
  in the same way i think we should n't meddle as much with politics and rebellions in other countries but if my government does so , i still feel responsible to help those suffering from it . 
  we ca n't go and bomb whatever country pleases us and expect the civil population not suffering from it . 
  so as long as we do , the right to asylum should be there . 
  we could scrap it if we had our fingers out there for at least 100 years but this will probably never happen . 
  we will always have an influence on geopolitics and about what parts of the world are poorer and which are wealthier . 
  north korea is probably the only country that does n't . 
  but no one wants to go there anyways ... 
  oh yes , the marseillaise ...  to arms , citizens ,  form your battalions ,  let 's march , let 's march !, 
   let an impure blood  soak our fields !, 
  we do n't need him to do anything . 
  with 3bn euros we could have built a working infrastructure and procedures throughout europe to make sure , transportation , registration and integration work . 
  we could have created thousands of workplaces and we could have made use of the know-how of the people coming here . 
  how long is syria burning already ? 
  2011 if wikipedia is at least roughly right . 
  imagine what europe could have done with 15bn euros over five years . 
  why are we still surprised by what happened ? 
  who could be so shortsighted ? 
  sorry , but this topic always makes me mad . 
  and that is exactly why it depends on a common foreign policy . 
  and i do n't see that with german foreign policy being primarily about not sending military anywhere . 
  compared to france especially . 
   imperium europeanum concordatus i 'll borrow this for my next stellaris game ... 
  there is a lot of justified criticism about the eu beaurocracy and democratic legitimacy of the current institutions but i 'd prefer if the people of europe would put their energy into making the eu better instead of `` just getting out '' . 
  of course i can understand people thinking there 's no way it 's going to get better so they do actually prefer getting rid of it for themselves . 
  well , we 'll see what comes of it . 
  i think we need some common european framework and i do n't think that it would get better if we break it down now and build a new eu . 
  it will probably just get worse and frankly , i do n't think , british politicians would act better on behalf of their citizens than the other countries . 
  they probably want us all to scrap the whole concept of `` getting along '' and go back to crushing our infidel heads so they only have to mop up the remains afterwards . 
  it 's good to keep it in people 's memories and it 's the best way to alert close to everyone living in your country or a wider area . 
  in germany a lot of sirens have been taken down after the iron curtain fell because their primary sense was warning in times of war but now some areas regret it and wish they had kept them especially for heavy weather and stuff like it . 
  of course you would say to just use sms or something like it but this relies on people having a connection , having sufficient power to charge their phones and so on . 
  a good example is hamburg , they do have storm surges from time to time travling from the north sea upwards on the elbe river and raising water levels significantly . 
  they have siren codes to warn people but there 's hardly a siren left anywhere so they need to take cars with megaphones driving up and down the threatened areas , playing a public announcement ( in several languages ) informing people what is happening . 
  try this when you have to evacuate an island full of 53.000 people . 
  source : i am a volunteer for federal disaster relief and we do regularly train certain aspects of work related to that possibility . 
  i totally understand the train of thought there and i am absolutely with you about punishing this . 
  i just do n't think it is a good idea to make such decisions when emotionally upset and i do n't think it is ever a good idea to use death as a penalty . 
  i strongly stand with the reasoning that i 'd rather have a guilty man free than an innocent in jail . 
  the guilty one will probably be found one day . 
  but the innocents life is destroyed . 
  utterly and completely . 
  and even if his innocence is proven one day , he is a broken man , if he lives to see it at all . 
  i do n't . 
  some day someone will ask `` but is n't crime xyz even worse than that ? '', 
  and because some horrible single incident has happened the day before everyone will agree on their horror and anger and suddenly you 're back to killing people for the tiniest things . 
  do n't go that way , in that direction lies only misery and suffering . 
  it 's the ads as well . 
  there was a comparison of a newspaper website in germany that was 2mb without ads but 16mb with ads . 
  wit, 
  i would n't always . 
  it needs to be sufficient to live . 
  it 's a shame we need to implement minimum wage to make sure that people can actually survive from their work . 
  and typically that 's the hard working jobs which leave people unable to work due to health concerns by the age of 50 . 
  there 's a huge wage disparity between actual manual work and work where you `` just sit on your butt in the warmth '' . 
  and the former loses out badly in that disparity . 
  all of them might have voted and voted for others . 
  as big as marches like this look , they typically are smaller than the majority of voters would look like if they assembled alltogether . 
  voluntary procedures are not at discussion here . 
  and that is exactly the point . 
  if you want to get your foreskin removed , i do n't care , your penis is strictly your business and i do n't want to know anything about it . 
  but to force it on someone who can neither object nor know the consequences of it is a different matter and something i feel society should discuss . 
  it just does n't fit to put a right to life and physical integrity in our constitution 's article 2 and then say to a child , well , bad luck for you , article 4 says your parents can just cut off parts of you if they want . 
  how far does it go ? 
  create a religion where you postulate that the appendix is a bad thing and it needs to be removed on birth . 
  would you be okay with that ? 
  it 's a major operation but who cares , the removal of the appendix does n't lead to health issues so that would be okay , right ? 
  of course it 's not impossible but how far do you want to scale it down ? 
  is 12 tons okay ?
