  make it mandatory for all drugs , including cigarettes and alcohol . 
  that means that people will have to educate themselves over the risks , benefits and ways they can get help if ever needed . 
  2 . make everything legal . 
  3 . put the money this generates in help , precention and treatment . 
  boom , great country . 
  frankfurt is way too close to munich now , i will move to k\u00f6ln or hamburg . 
  technically a democratic republic is what most modern `` democracies '' are . 
  wan na trigger germans ? 
  just ask if we all wear lederhosen . 
  that lego thing triggers me as well . 
  full of valley speak and vocal fry . 
  shudder, 
  you forfitted the right to be triggered by that by brexiting m8 . 
  not youtube 's fault . 
  just please , leave the natives alone . 
  where is jaaaaaa, 
  we will once martin schulz will reign germany and all of europe . 
  does n't the eu have huge structural support programs financed by eu membership money , which germany france and the uk pay most of ? 
  you 've never been to rome , right ? 
  sure , but tourists and exchange students are hardly muslim . 
  if they were , we would n't have those problems . 
  my guess is that people do n't really have in their heads that there is a difference between immigrant and refugee and just have syrians and morroccans coming to germany in their heads , and said that they do n't want this . 
  which is alright , i 'm not saying people have to think immigration is the bee 's knee 's . 
  it just strikes me as weird that so many people would be opposed to exchange students and tourists in particular , who mostly bring wealth to many regions in europe . 
  i actually did a few polls myself in uni , i studied that stuff , and these are the conflations that regularly occur , so it would n't suprise me . 
  because bavarians are self congratulatory arseholes ( not all obviously , but more so than all other germans ) , and i want them to shut up about how everything is better there anyway , and that the rest of germany is just pulling them down . 
  leave , and see how it treats you . 
  maybe the survey has just used the word `` immigrant '' without your definition , and the people who got asked did n't know that it 's all those people ? 
  so , you think most europeans wan na ban a group that includes tourists , exchange students and temporary workers ? 
  very true , thanks for pointing that out . 
  the referendum in 2014 was 55/45 , which is not small , but also not big . 
  would be interesting to see how it would be if held today . 
  sooo , it 's different . 
  i actively voted for the seperatist bayern partei when i loved in bavaria in the hope that we can get rid of them . 
  if bavaria wants to seceed , i 'll be the first one to protest for the referendum . 
  look at you , with all your intricate knowledge of what the eu would do . 
  power in the eu can very well be from germany and france to pressure spain and the rest to get along . 
  a small margin is everthing betwenn 50.1 and 51.0 . 
  after you get past 56/44 , it 's quite a big margin . 
  at least imo . 
  people said that the polls were all wrong and equated nate and 538 with `` polls '' , and used them to say how wrong they all got the election . 
  and literally for months , they said that her electoral position is very weak , weaker than obamas , that the polls can swing 2-3 % easily , and that a 30 % chance is quite high ( which he had from their model ) . 
  clinton won the popular vote by around 2 % , the national polls said around 3 % . 
  most swing state votes were between 0.5 and 3 % error , totally within prediction . 
  but we had weeks and weeks of pollsters and nate silver bashing . 
  and i was always just thinking that i really hate it that the people who used to polls and interpreted them got it so wrong , and that it fell back on the people who made/aggregated them . 
  so usually when silver or enten say that something seems like it 's not true , it 's probably not true . 
  which he would , if people would actually bother to read up on the bullshit they 're spewing . 
  okay . 
  btw , is n't he australian ? 
  why the brithate ? 
  technically , you 're a bavarian , and do n't qualify as german . 
  understandable . 
  and both we 're probably happy that germany did n't say `` yaay , war . '', 
  but we will stand with you now . 
  interesting , never thought that could be the case . 
  in germany , england virtually gets none of the blame , the americans set the stage for the great german hate with this war . 
  you really have to defend yourself if you like the us here since that . 
  nothing . 
  then it 's probably even more true for scots right ? 
  because even the basis was not 50/50 . 
  what do the french think about macron ? 
  dude , depressing art films is sort of germany 's job . 
  wish we would have the pastries though . 
  what 's a lbs ? 
  i do n't care what you say , borgen is not a great show . 
  it 's decent i guess , but it 's not nearly on the level of the good us or uk shows . 
  and danish is a language hard to take seriously . 
  seriously , get a grip denmark . 
  just want to make sure that we are still aware that there is a stark difference between refugee and immigrant . 
  just want to point that out . 
  which 538 called bullshit in yesterdays podcast . 
  they did n't use that word thought , they said `` does n't make a lot of sense if you look at the numbers '' or something like that . 
  i speak for most of us germans . 
  i mean the circumstances have completly changed . 
  it 's like you ask your child if it wants a burger or spinach , he says burger , then you shit on it , and when he wants the spinach you say `` you 've already chosen '' . 
  of course they should be able to have a second referendum . 
  scotland voted overqhelmingly remain , right ? 
  of course there are lots of people who did n't , but obviously if you throw a rock at a scot on reddit , chances are way higher he does not want to leave the eu ? 
  tbh , while that will be true , right now , nothing happened in the elections that 's * really * entertainingly stupid . 
  it 's a bit sad , and we 're hopeful it will not become catastrophic . 
  and when it does , we can entertain . 
  but the clusterfuck that is brexit and trump , two things actually happening is without competition right now . 
  btw , afd is down to 10 % in germany atm . 
  most of us did n't even realize you helped . 
  all the hate went to the americans . 
  to be honest , i thought they were all pretty lame . 
  except for portugal , portugal was great . 
  not anymore now . 
  it was for like two hours this morning . 
  why is this down ? 
  lived in a few big cities , big-ish at least ( frankfurt , m\u00fcnchen ) but never saw british stag dos interestingly enough . 
  maybe a hamburg thing ? 
  we all do . 
  and i do n't think it has that much to do with the second world war . 
  we do n't really obsess over it , except for the holocaust and the east . 
  i think it 's because it 's that you 're little america , but without it 's flaws . 
  britain seemed like the best of both worlds . 
  partly because in germany , we did n't see the huge inequality issues in britain , we always just saw the upper class , intelligent , well manored , creative , wonderfolk . 
  brexit showed us that your downsides are like in the us as well .
