  to get their energy . 
  that 's to say , to generate heat . 
  well , that heat obviously ca n't go into copper wires and power your computer , so what are we doing ? 
  we use it for steam engines . 
  we heat up water , use the pressure to fire up generators that set wheels in motion that spin magnets , which produce electricity . 
  ( in the case of biogas , we burn it in normal ottomotors that power the spinning magnets ) . 
  during this process , energy is lost , i 'm not sure what the recent numbers are , but ten years ago , the ratio loss to usable energy was around 32 % vs 68 % . 
  meaning that 68 % of all power generated my burning coal ( or splitting atoms , it 's roughly the same with all heat based electricy generating ) went into the air unused . 
  these big towers where the clouds come out ? 
  that 's condensing water that 's cooling off with our neat energy . 
  so even if you can use 100 % of electricity to heat your house , you still lose that 65 % that went into the air unused . 
  but if you burn the gas in your house and the ratio could be 80/20 % ( not sure what it is , but this is my guess ) , you do not lose the majority of energy in the material , because the heat is what you actually want as a last result , unlike when you split atoms in a nuclear power plant . 
  nuclear power ca n't be used in that way . 
  you ca n't have a fission generator in your basement that distributes heat in your house , but you can with coal , gas , oil and wood . 
  so even if all the other problems with nuclear power would n't be there and it just would cost a few bucks to get uranium-ore , it 's still economically problematic to use it for making houses warm . 
  nuclear is used mostly for power whereas oil and gas is used for heating ( among other things ) . 
  two very different things , using nuclear for heating would be a colossal waste of energy . 
  thanks for the numbers . 
  would n't it be kind of stupid to convert energy to heat , convert that to power ( and lose ~ 65 % in the process ) just to turn it into heat again ? 
  seems to me that if we have good heat efficency in our homes , an abundance of unproblematic energy , then we can talk about electrical heating , right now it seems like it would wast so much . 
  is n't gas used for heating whereas nuclear power is used for power ? 
  that would mean that it 's not the price for abandoning nuclear power , it 's the price for abandonning coal and wood . 
  you can say what you will about mutti , but i do n't think she was ever the one engaging in ethnic clensing . 
  i certainly hope so at least . 
  i 'm a german and i do not find this funny . 
  i just found my tradition when i 'm no longer celebrating with my christian parents ( if that ever happens ) . 
  thanks stranger from a distant land . 
  no i really mean this . 
  free speech in my opinion is one of the most important achievements of civilization and this view is getting lost because we grow so used to it these last decades . 
  free speech is n't anything that is really valued in countries like my own and it 's a shame and gives rise to serious problems . 
  his best speech , everybody in the world should at least once be exposed to this . 
  and in chile . 
  postillion !, 
  wow , did n't think he would be that asshol-y . 
  britain , what the fuck ? 
  skwirrel, 
  what the hell happened here ? 
  3:0 last week !, 
  not really . 
  bulgaria , what the fuck ? 
  well , this is true . 
  my bad . 
  the world leading non-stick politician still is our very own angela merkel . 
  we wo n't , most do n't care either way , the ones that do see what 's being done . 
  do n't know , the american hate in germany rose a lot , and it has n't gotten better since prism . 
  hey , we did n't too !, 
  the german does n't look * too * good either , ( i 'm the least expert you 'll find ) but it 's still good enough that i , who never reads books , i read like 4 books n five years , read all seven in half a year . 
  i think it 's being translated as we speak , but not completed , i think the tower of the swallow is the latest that 's available in english . 
  just read the german translations , but they we 're awesome . 
  i ` ma huge fan of the whole `` franchise '' . 
  i 'd urge everybody to check if out if you like a more modern , mature and interdependent and realistic outlook on fantasy . 
  we 're so sorry ... :( the problem is , nothing will change after the election , nobody gives a shit . . 
  not until roaming is abolished at the end of 2014 . 
  germany . 
  the bnd is way too incompetent and backwards to have this kind of program . 
  and the exzelklenzinitiative , and and and . 
  the problem is , you 're not that wrong . 
  the red-greens really fucked up a lot of stuff . 
  the problem is , we do n't have another good spd , the current is nearly as bad as the cdu/csu , there just is n't another volkspartei who would n't do this . 
  exactly . 
  why is that a loss ? 
  i do n't think there would be a ton of losses , most people are very restrictive in their phone usage abroad . 
  nobody , texts , calls or surfs unless it necessary , and they are n't outside their country a lot anyway . 
  so i this would be negligable . 
  one never knows though if they 'll use it as an excuse . 
  if i understand this correctly it would abolish roaming in europe , you just would be charged with your normal plan , meaning your normal data limit . 
  damn , this would make google now and google glass so incredibly useful . 
  huh , my sister studies there , went there a month ago . 
  i 'm feeling pretty gay right now . 
  propably not usually taught in germany , we learn that the ruhrgebiet and the area around sheffield are the most industrialised areas in europe . 
  but thanks for breaking with the stereotype of the nice canadian . 
  never been to belgium , but holy shit , that thing lights up like a christmas tree . 
  also , what is up in northern italy ? 
  actually that is uniting people around the globe . 
  except muslims . 
  poor muslims . 
  http://www.nachdenkseiten.de/?p=1974 also would like you to direct you to richard m\u00fcnchs evaluation which has the economic aspect in focus . 
  it 's really far reaching and very problematic . 
  we are a nation of high earners , if we lose our hochschulsystem , we wo n't to so well in the future . 
  i am actually writing a paper atm about the failure and problems of the exzellenzinitiative , to be fair , it was established in 2005 by rot-gr\u00fcn , but always supported by black and the failure to stop it and encourage it to continue until 2017 was a big mistake . 
  i can fill you in if you want to . 
  but if `` yeah , it could be worse '' is your argument , then i guess you 're right , they did n't do everything wrong , i 'll give you that . 
  oh that 's what europe and germany are doing ? 
  pardon me , i think i was asleep in the real world the last thirty years . 
  maybe i should have cleared up that there are of course multiple reasons why someone can be considered a fucktard for voting conservative in germany . 
  i apologize . 
  [ pretty gay , france , pretty gay . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oapntxqppsy ) e : obviously i 'm kidding , thank you france , for doing what we ca n't . 
  because fucktards still voting for the cdu/csu . 
  south-germany checking in , also never heard of it . 
  sweet , gon na visit my sister in montpellier in two weeks . 
  fuck yeah , a swabean thingy with augsburg in it . 
  approved !, 
  get the border to bavaria enforced !, 
  football players , footballplayers everywhere . 
  i feel violated ... 
  haha , i knew it !!, 
  denmark sucks at something !, 
  soooo , blue countries , are we gon na start our own eu with blackjack and good social security ? 
  norway , you in ?
