  but that could be wrong . 
  gypsies are , gyppos are egyptians . 
  gyppos are from egypt . 
  romanians are all vampires . 
  10 % would be alright still . 
  not great of course , but everything under would be a win , everything under 13 % would still be alright . 
  we feared that this hapens around 20-25 % , which would be quite devestating . 
  that the ~ ~ dutch ~ ~ swamp german version of the navy seal kopiernudel ? 
  racism can have a defintion that includes country as well , i learned that last year . 
  means i 'm racist against bavarians , which i accepted . 
  finally something we have in common with the dutch . 
  never said there are n't people like you . 
  i know a few leftist friends in the uk who think the eu is a neoliberal behemoth to destroy everything good in europe . 
  and there is some truth to it , which is why i 'm always marching for eu reform , and always have voted and will always vote as much as possible to change that . 
  which is much easier now , because the uk will not go on blocking lots of reforms to reduce the eu democratic deficit it clearly has . 
  that 's not the most vocal group , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  you speak in riddles my still european friend . 
  still , what should i be salty about ? 
  i mean , call me stupid and arrogant , fine , but where is the salt thing coming from ? 
  the uk is not poor , it 's just very unequal , obviously . 
  i 'd say it 's probably around as rich as germany , not exactly of course , but still , the gdp per capita is a bit lower , but still , ballpark . 
  i , and pretty much every economist , mainstream journalist and mainstream poitician ( you can chose to believe they 're all wrong and the fringes get it right , that 's alright by me ) , said that the uk only has economic decline ahead of themselves . 
  i 'm not an economist , but i dabbled in it in college , and ( like all those experts - and i know that this term can be probelmatic - ) i just ca n't see any way where britain is profiting in the long term . 
  and i mean , if they would have stayed in , then the uk would probably still be worse off than germany in 20 years , and now , thy threw many , many rocks in front of their economic path , without * really * big chances to gain from it . 
  not none , of course , but still . 
  this makes it very likely , that the uk will be * so * much worse off than germany in 30 years . 
  it 's not guarantueed of course , but very likely , given what we know . 
  and i mean , we could all be wrong , that 's very possible . 
  just not probable right now . 
  there are a billion arguments why the uk will be severly impacted in the negative by this , and not really many why it would be better off . 
  but i 'm guessing i 'm just talking britain down , and do n't believe in a red white and blue brexit ? 
  i do n't know why , but who cares anymore . 
  what should i be salty about ? 
  albeit a bit harsh , quite wonderfully put . 
  it 's called an analgy . 
  but for a guy who thinks he 's all about the sources and the arguments , you are pretty quick in fleeing instead of arguing , and not answering questions that would move the conversation along . 
  i really broke it down to the core to make it understandable , it 's not nice that you take it and handle it like it 's a logical fallacy . 
  are you going to answer my question or not ? 
   or are you saying they are not the most vocal part of the brexit voters ? 
  sure , and the us will be for decades to come . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  in the 80s and 90s , the us was the center of the world , culturally , for progress , for moral leadership , not just economics and military . 
  you can feel the decline of that massive hegemony , and the people did . 
  they thought they were the bestest ever , took their dicks out and now feel embarassed , because they might have to pack them in , or be laughed at . 
  and they wan na recapture that feeling . 
  rome was n't build in a day , and it was n't destroyed in a day either . 
  the vote totally went my way . 
  i 'm having the time of my life . 
  well , of course it does n't have to be like that . 
  but the sun also does n't have to come out tomorrow . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it will . 
  you can go around and accuse people who say that the sun will come out tomorrow of being arrogant , but honestly , i do n't see how that 's humble . 
  but that 's just like , my opinion man . 
  you talk about arrogance in every other comment . 
  maybe this day should be a day for you to be humble , not to tell every other person to be humble . 
  germany will not be growing so much more in the next few years , other counetries within the eu are way more likely to do that , at least percentage wise . 
  does n't really matter though , since it will be way , wayyyyy better than what gb will produce in the next decades . 
  and i will be smug and eat my popcorn while reading twitter and watching the news , just as i did since the vote . 
  because if you people would be , what you try to get from all of us today , having been more humble , then this whole fucking mess would n't have happened in the first place . 
  enjoy your fucking cucumbers . 
  the evidence is the meme itself . 
  it 's the sociology of knowledge approach to discourse anylsis . 
  it basically says that if you analyze a discourse to a particular topic , you can gain some important knowledge from it . 
  and if the discourse revolves around so much reporting and talk about brexiteers being old and racist , reporting on their statements , the crimes being committed because of it , then it 's pretty safe to assume that it 's a vocal part of your fucking position . 
  or are you saying they are not the most vocal part of the brexit voters ? 
  that 's not what they 're forseeing . 
  just that so many countries will do better , and the brits not able to solve their problems and getting more and more irrelevant and poor . 
  i mean , this will not happen over night . 
  but if you look back in 40 years , and wonder why you 're doing so much worse than germany or france , i hope you remember that day . 
  the eu always needs britain to bleed , at least way more than the eu . 
  otherwise , everybody will leave . 
  not gon na happen . 
  i would definitly get myself a brit to look after my cats or something . 
  funny little people these brits . 
  aptly fitting . 
  huh . 
  tbh , i do n't really feel bad . 
  the smugness of the english bought this turd , and they should swallow it and learn from it . 
  you will never get rid of nostalgic people who long for the days they mattered because they were born somewhere `` special '' . 
  same with the us . 
  both rightly thought that they were n't as great as they once were , and both went into the exact wrong direction from there on . 
  i feel like both will set an example , to be wary of those thoughts , that to think , act rationally and towards coming together will be better for most . 
  something about rudimentary creatures , fumbling in ignorance . 
  i am sovereign . 
  good to know . 
  make it happen brudi , we 're counting on you , and you can achieve it if you work for it . 
  was in munich today , was pretty inspiring . 
  especially lots of older people , families . 
  what did you just say to me ? 
  it ... it was a suits reference . 
  see him using these nazi methods on our poor wonderful erdogan ? 
  same here in germany :(, 
  sounds like a win to me , or was n't it ? 
  yes ? 
  around 450 km . 
  what kind of a question that . 
  literally politicians who popularized it . 
  make it like lots of politicians suggested : 1 . 
  make a mandatory test , like a driving test , for drugs . 
  drogenf\u00fchrerschein it 's called in germany .
