  you may say `` but these savages did n't extent that to the normal people they raped and tortured and cut off their head and set on fire while alive and concious to film it an put on the internet . '', 
  and you may be right , they most certainly do not think that every person is a human being and should therefore have that dignity . 
  and that is exactly why i think it 's so important that we do . 
  that we not lose that most crucial of values that is so important that germany has to topple the whole state and system , the very foundations of how we organize all aspects of our society to get out of the constitution , i believe this is the fundamental thing that seperates us from them , that seperated us from every bloody fascist in not just recent history . 
  that `` they '' always think some people have forfeited their humanty , and we always said * no * . 
  that is a `` we '' i wan na be a part of . 
  soo , you think that what they think how one should live their lives is so contagious that we have to protect people in the uk from hearing it or else they would start adapt that cause too ? 
  that seems much more like you doom western civilization and do n't believe in it than most i have met . 
  an idea should withstand some people talking . 
  that 's why we have something along the lines of freedom of speech . 
  and yes , what does n't die is our principles and values that makes this society different and some say better , than the ones that indulige in violence and the rule of feelings and lynchmobs vs. laws . 
  and the way you talk , if you could see these people lynched , or do it yourself , you would . 
  that does not make you a person i see as a shining example of enlightened civilization . 
  if `` they '' want to attack `` us '' , and we have to defend ourselfs and fight for something , it 's sure as hell gon na be something more like you value . 
  otherwise it 's just pointless . 
  well , you 're definitly not on my team , i can tell you that . 
  you 're closer to them than to me . 
  they think some people just deserve to die and to be blown up without hesitation , regard or due process . 
  you do too . 
  i do n't . 
  that 's what i think civilization should value , and you 're wan na drag us back into the dark ages of fear , ignorance and intolerance . 
  just like they try to . 
  and apparantly succeding . 
  well , it always starts with being glad somebody gets blown up , does n't it . 
  and yet would be the better one by a huge margin . 
  good thing that law is n't like `` your book '' . 
  i bet it was lester 's wire and omar got him . 
  you 're . 
  sure , that 's why nobody does it , it 's not that i am not aware of that . 
  thing is , i do believe that what happens right now is the beginning of a road that pretty much does lead to an autocratic , unfree state where democratic institutions can not function . 
  kompromat will and has been collected , has been and will be used , and elections will be undemocratic , appointees will be illegitimate and the power of the state shifts away from the people , completly . 
  combine that with an effect that has mass surveilance on the critical populace , and we will have a hugely problematic society which loses not just the means but the will to criticise to keep the state and society healthy . 
  this is what 's coming , i do believe that . 
  and i for one would sacrifice us defense and trade relations for it , as hard as it might seem . 
  what we are likely to lose is the most precious thing in our society , what made us good , what made us advanced and `` civilized '' . 
  without this i would have a hard time seeing the good in this world , the stuff that is worth fighting for . 
  it is a bleak future , and the little decades we had away from it should not just be taken for granted , because even though we do n't know any other society here in the west , we young ` uns , does n't mean that it 's quite quickly given away . 
  the us rambles away this bullshit second amendment stuff against government tyranny . 
  and there is government tyranny in the us , and here too . 
  but it 's not in healthcare and welfare programs , and it 's not in tanks . 
  it 's in the intelligence commitees . 
  knowlegde is power , and nobody has more knowledge than the nsa . 
  it scares me , and it should scare you as well . 
  i definitly think they try ( which i feel is also wrong ) , and because if the us does all of this shit , how could they not at least try ? 
  thing is , every leak ( and we 've had a lot now ) deals with the us ( or five eyes ) spying on somebody else or themselves . 
  not once was there story that the bnd listened to obamas calls , or boehners and lindsey grahams or justice roberts or scalias , or mitch mcconnels or ashton carters phone . 
  or the one from larry page , tim cook or satya nadella . 
  do you think the bnd does that , or even can ? 
  and if so , who would you feel about that ? 
  if you know that the bnd who has interests in the us collects [ kompromat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kompromat ) on your key personell ? 
  for that you would need a strong european country with a legal tradition that makes this absolutly impossible legally and then enforce it . 
  sadly the one with the strongest laws and public resentments is germany , which is also arguably in the best position to extrapolate german legal tradition to the whole eu . 
  which would be two things : hilariously bad in all other things for other coutries , because that not how law works , it is rooted in legal philosophy and therefore national tradition in that area and things never go right if you just import it from a completly different tradition . 
  secondly , we get spyed on the most . 
  true , the gchq and cameron are way worse than merkel , but even in this country , with the stasi only gone for 25 years , a modern and quite strong constitution with the guarantueed post secrecy right , we get spyed on the most , and nobody bats an eye , not even when they do it with our most powerful institutions . 
  how is forming a stronger union supposed to help that ? 
  for that you need one part to exptrapolate that part to all of the other parts , but you need that one strong country with the great laws and no spying on their turf . 
  we do n't have that . 
  does n't it ? 
  bring a common cold ? 
  untapped potential in the young and old men and women in cryptography that live in the eu . 
  cutting ties with the us because they clearly do not see eu countries as allies but as tools . 
  and make no mistake , it 's not that only the eu needs the us . 
  it would hurt them quite a lot , would be worth it to threaten if they kept fucking spying to themselves . 
  well , then in a small town swabean houshold , a draft is not liked , but that is it . 
  nothing that gives you ebola or something . 
  and that brings ebola in some countries ? 
  sure , it would make the implementation of the cryptowar a bit stronger , but that is not even remotly the problem right now . 
  the bnd is n't incompetent ( as much as i did like to believe it ) , neither is the gchq . 
  they cooperate . 
  that 's the problem . 
  and that will not change just becase we have a slightly better union . 
  and tha breeze comes from an open window ? 
  making a stronger union will not really help that cause though . 
  our decentralism is n't the issue with that . 
  [ dank ] ( http://cdn.unilad.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/screen-shot-2015-05-13-at-12.12.21.png ), 
  well , we could break off relations with the us until they stop with their anti-democratic and anti-freedom bullshit and let 's start to implement serious crypto . 
  lots of untapped potential in the eu , we have the intelligent manpower . 
  bute our parliaments and governments are n't taking technology as serious as they should . 
  what 's a draft ? 
  still have n't figured that out yet . 
  going out of the door with wet hair will make you get a cold ? 
  [ he said something else even more eloquently though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ybumqhpaeu ), 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  you too would be perfect in / r/soccer . 
  even a w\u00fcrttemberger , i feel so sad and responsible :(, 
  i 'd be okay if it would be like in my uni , just put on machines that take money from your ec card and put it on the nfc card . 
  not too hard . 
  it 's even worse , only a special nfc card system . 
  so people go to the atm to book up their special cards . 
  strategy maybe was to press for huge reforms , and the after a few years of help and the start of growth a haircut ? 
  could be done with the populace of germany at least a bit . 
  they had to have some plan ? 
  where i work , there is a atm in the office building as well , and always a qeue , because people like to eat some times , and food costs money . 
  because fucking with banks is digging your own grave :(, 
  social scientist here , no idea what this guy is talking about . 
  but please dont generalise us like that . 
  that 's the point , it 's not about avoiding invasivness . 
  a good greet is about adequatly representing the feeling you feel when seeing the person . 
  a hug is invasive , but what does that invasivness show ?
