  that 's why it 's coming back iirc . 
  that `` fuck them '' from you or is that really there ? 
  right wing parties , hate and fearfulness . 
  ministries of the interior . 
  there is no doubt there will be sweeping legislation to expand mass surveillance , police authority and more to keep the good citizens safe and in check . 
  maybe even restrictions of free speech in the name of not offending anyone . 
  did / r/nofap for three months . 
  i will not do it again . 
  i do n't know if other people do this too , but sweden and finnland just gets leaped in together as nordic country that is in the eu and not denmark in my mind . 
  learning that these two are quite different just feels weird . 
  difference between swedend and finnland is quite extensive . 
  nope , by nine percentage points . 
  you actually beat them by 12.68 % ( 13 % , decently rounded ), 
  everybody on everything . 
  the `` security '' apperatus especially , and especially on the internet , but nothing is exclusive here , not even the evil evil government . 
  / r/yruop !, 
  but seriously , i do feel like that pretty much every day . 
  be thankful for what you have people , and try to improve it in a decent direction for your children . 
  if this year has taught us everything is that the things we love a feeble , and might not be there if we do n't respectfully engage and put effort into preserving and improving them . 
  this was a seminal moment for me , i ca n't sit by the sidelines any longer . 
  this gay thing is so weird with the huge cultural rift between the countries , milieus and generations . 
  got called gay a few weeks back , and nothing about it felt like an insult , even though the old kook meant it as one i think . 
  i just smiled and said thanks . 
  this feels like if an american evangelical goes to amsterdam or berlin or something like that and threatens a hipster there with hell . 
  one person thinks he/she dropped the hammer , one person literally does not care at all . 
  i find that so fascinating , how completly different some things are for some people . 
  fuck i think i found a new nickname for rocket league . 
  could be a great band name as well . 
  perfect for legoland . 
  bigger problem is that bavaria still exists . 
  ` tis much appreciated . 
  you 've became a mod of / r/yurop, 
  ode to joy ? 
  i get the yurop boner when i hear this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf9lunb-jsm, 
  also , inheriting . 
  let 's all celebrate with a [ latvian indepedence parade !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obsn0ip56pw ) but only with the proper permits . 
  lot 's of controversial oppinions and cult like followers , but christopher hitchens one little sentence rings so true . 
  they do ? 
  boys in green , can you confirm ? 
  frauke petry for example . 
  what makes her so scary is that she does n't look dumb , and probably is n't , far from trumpian . 
  i have no idea about boris , but he looks far more like a clown than she does , and it scares me . 
  germans , if you have a bit of time , watch jung und naivs interview with her , and see how it starts and how it starts to go wrong . 
  if we believe that this can not happen here , you might only be wrong for a few years , we ca n't take this lightly . 
  do n't have to tell us how to fire back at 5:45 in the morning , i 'll give you that . 
  do n't make the reddit fallacy like the bernie guys . 
  huge part of the population want merkel here , the cdu is practically non existent without her in most parts of germany . 
  for most people there is no better \u0107andidate , not by far , and i think if she wants to run in 2017 , she will win by a landslide . 
  do you believe the3 ukip wo n't press the tories on single market with `` polish people keep invading if we allow free movement of labour '' ? 
  exactly . 
  problem is , how much do leave voters believe about these things ? 
  how can the tories spin it ? 
  that will determin how it will turn out , wo n't it ? 
  obviously most of the tories do n't wan na get out , probably do n't wan na be just in the single market , question is , what does farage want , and what will ukip sell the 50 % of the country ? 
  the choice was n't rational , so the choice of the voters might not be too , so we have no idea how this will turn out . 
  if the tories would n't lose a single vote , they would never brexit , but they would . 
  question is , would the voters be happy if they went into a single market or not ? 
  nly obligation the tories have is not to lose votes , so that matters , this is the thing that matters . 
  if ukip can convince people that the poles will continue to invade if single market , then the single market will become way less attractive . 
  maybe seeming to be so unprepared is planned by cameron to fuck over the uk to end the career of boris ? 
  would he be petty enough ? 
  this is correct . 
  samsung is considering moving their eu headquarters away from london ( hopefully here to frankfurt ) , hsbc wants to go to paris . 
  huge parts of the british economy are collapsing without access to the market and labour like right now , and while losing the english and welsh market will hurt the eu and germany a bit , it 's not even close to being a wash . man this is so damn interesting , i am spending days just reading about it . 
  the question is this though : a huge part of leave was about free movement of labour and racism , especially against the poles . 
  nobody in their right mind would wan na leave the single market , but the voters might feel differently . 
  if the voters want that above all else , then ukip might provide , and if that is significant enough , the tories wo n't have much of a choice ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  do you want a german boris or donald at the top ? 
  never voted for her , but i have never been more glad she is there . 
  even if that were the case ( which i strongly disagree with ) , institutions always try to preserve itself , and the way to do this with the eu is make an example of england . 
  as brutal as it might be , it will be loss so than a crumbling eu in the next few years . 
  britain is fucked and they know it , especially with scotland not wanting to go down with them . 
  the more one reads and thinks about it , the less sense it makes for the uk . 
  and if the voters ca n't get the racism they were promised , why on earth would they have shot thsemeves in the foot this hard in the first place ? 
  it 's about the damn polish , you ca n't have a single market with free movement of labour and not getting killed by ukip , can you ? 
  not always , just in ( seemingly ) difficult times . 
  spot on , thanks , 
  that 's not how this works . 
  you would have to leave nato though , which gibraltar is not worth , not by a long shot . 
  same here , will order bottles of highland park 12 , coal ila 12 , talisker 10 and a bit of laphroaig . 
  make it happen , scots !, 
  make ni join ireland . 
  and then win a european cup . 
  uhm , nato ? 
  not after the 1/8 finals . 
  things like that are priced in ahead of time . 
  sometimes way ahead . 
  this might not be so sure . 
  how ? 
  how do you think this is a good idea ? 
  i mean who do you think takes that seriously ? 
  rural turkish people ? 
  his party ? 
  turkish germans ? 
  certainly not anybody else ? 
  probably from a time where it was much more convenient , because everybody was with the gema . 
  it is , and iirc the name gypsie was wrongly attributed because people thought they were from egypt . 
  and iirc , a long time ago , people actually did call egyptians gyppos .
