  it shows that you really like the other person and are familiar enough with him/her to actually want to feel him/her close to you and hold him/her . 
  it 's invavise , it 's emotional , and for me at least , it 's dead sincere . 
  for good male friends ( i 'm a man ) and female friends . 
  i like seeing them , so i invade their space and show them that i like being close to them . 
  if people are not so familiar , firm handshake , eye contact and alright . 
  or just waving hi to all people involved if it 's really informal . 
  not everybody has to greet everybody if it 's not formal but your not familiar . 
  seems like a chore then . 
  and why do i think kissinug seems phony ? 
  well i grew up in social circles where people do n't do that , at all . 
  ( they also do n't hug , but that 's another story ) . 
  some milieus in germany do that quite extensibly ( mostly some circle of women , but also lots of turks ) . 
  from me as an outsider to this tradition , i learned how to do it and that you actually never really mean what you do . 
  you do n't kiss the person like you would when you miss them , you do n't even let your lips tough their cheecks or it 's considered rude . 
  maybe that 's a german variant and i 'm wrong , but from my visits to paris and montpellier , i never witnessed anything different . 
  the act of the bises is a oh so little touch with the cheeks and then a kiss directed at thin air away from the person you 're saying hello to , just making the sound so the sound is made . 
  it serves no other function than to do the ritual , where there are same rituals involving kisses in all societies that i 've ever heard of are done for it 's own sake . 
  this is not it . 
  one tries to avoid to actually kissing somebody . 
  and that 's why i think it 's phony . 
  hugging is done for it 's own sake , you enjoy having a person you really like close to you , you enjoy that you can be so familiar with him/her that you can so close to the person . 
  the hug in itself is worth something , not as a ritual and it 's representation , but as a felt moment . 
  it 's sincere . 
  whereas this fake kissing is n't done because the act itself is favorable and pleasurable , but because the rituality demands it . 
  everything it gets and is worth is due to the fact that it represents a ritual , not that it is in itself something worthwhile . 
  people do n't usually do it for its own sake . 
  same shit with people who give a halfassed hug . 
  either you hug or you do n't , but do n't be a maybe ( in terms hailcorporate would understand ) . 
  god i hate kissing . 
  this seems so phony to me . 
  i always hug friends and acquaintances . 
  or you know , shake their hand . 
  has something to do with the people electing him as well . 
  it 's not like he does n't have quite a bit of support . 
  looks quite barren . 
  it 's still shit , but with way less people . 
  interesting . 
  now that is a subreddit i have n't heard from in a long time . 
  i 'm gon na check it out , see how it developped . 
  what would michel foucalt have to say about that . 
  sweet lord , that is amazingly shitty . 
  major props for people standing up for it and still fighting . 
  i hate when people say `` nowadays '' but nowawadays , it seems to me to actually stand for something got even harder than it was 40 years ago . 
  not just because everything got more complicated . 
  appreciate your answer , will look into that  does seem a fair bit like the afd in germany . 
  so , it actually is the same as in germany . 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  holy fucking shit , why is it like that ? 
  do you guys have something along the american system with the winner takes it all , majority voting system stuff ? 
  could you explain whats wrong with voting ? 
  have n't heart about anby issues there yet . 
  how do you feel about the massive spying of the gchq , the porn filters and the guardian raid ? 
  i do n't know much about uk politics , but it seems like the tories are behind a decent pile of ( to me ) wrong and possibly desastrous decisions . 
  even in bavaria , voting is done on sundays , conservatism and religiosity does n't count !, 
  may i ask why ? 
  not that informed , but it sounds to me like they are a more extreme afd , meaning that most of it is rooted in isolationism and xenophobia , which ( at least in germany ) comes down to blatant lies and pandering to feels rather than facts . 
  that 's my very limited understanding of ukip as well , but i could be wrong , so i would very much urge a supporter to get me to understand why he 's doing it . 
  no wrong answers , 
  not quite . 
  but it 's also not what you were suggesting earlier . 
  you were suggesting that if the eu breaks down , europe would descend into war again . 
  and i literally first heard that argument from you . 
  sorry mate , have discussed the eu quite a bit in uni , with friends and with family , also watched a bit of anne will . 
  never heard that before . 
  never heard that before . 
  wtf great britain ? 
  i 'll be back , should have a few of those lying around . 
  ( is it lying ? ), 
  has n't practically every respectable study since marienthal confirmed that ? 
  germany : i do n't know , i do n't really follow the news . 
  what is happening ? 
  marcel reif is sad , but hardly important . 
  maybe i 'm in the minority here , but when i was visiting dachhau , it was not boring or put me off . 
  i felt sad and horrible and lost faith in humantiy a little , i got angry and riled up . 
  and i obviously got everythimg hammered into me too for a long time before that . 
  still , an experience i would never want to miss . 
  armenian looks like criminal ilkay g\u00fcndogan . 
  everybody knows he should look more like criminal mkhtaryan . 
  go to / r/european and watch the hatred flow in . 
  parody and loveletter in one . 
  this does n't just takes the piss out of german gangster rap . 
  should we bring them freedom ? 
  delusional . 
  but the voting is untracked . 
  thats what matters . 
  i wonder what caused the rise in reporting of attacks all over sudden . 
  suddenly , every snowfall is a blizzard . 
  have i missed something ? 
  amazing landscape , horrible picture :( belongs in / r/shittyhdr, 
  i do not have a problem with people who think it 's not the right thing to open all doors for everybody forever . 
  not even with most who think that we should help fleeing syrians at all . 
  does n't change the fact that facism is certifiably on the rise . 
  i 'm not saying you are one for holding that view , but there are a lot of people who are in fact fascists . 
  not simple people who are sceptical of immigration . 
  and that does frighten me . 
  am i wrong in believing that ? 
  nobody about descending into facism and xenophobia again ? 
  definitly not true for frankfen and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  i think the copyright went to the state of bavaria , adn they decided not to publish it as long as they have the right to withhold it . 
  pretty sure it was n't available until now due to copyright law , which now runs out and can be put out by anyone .
