  of course not , but i 'm still scared until it 's over . 
  advocated that in the podcast for months . 
  cenk is such a dishonest and hateful person , it 's astonishing . 
  yes , but that matters in how people see him . 
  if they would see him as hollande , he would be around hamon , which is around hollandes approval ratings . 
  banker = not a politician . 
  trump is a `` business `` man , and seen as an outsider . 
  he is an outsider as he has no party , seemingly no old dogmatic beliefs among traditional party lines . 
  this seems much more an advantage than a liability , not being from `` the stablishment '' , like hamon , or fillion . 
  if every politician endorses him , it may not help as much as we would hope . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  i do n't think you know what literally means . 
  learned english from the americans ? 
  i just fear that this is again an `` outsider '' vote , like obama in a way , or trump , or brexit , and that macron benefitted from being seen as an outsider . 
  young , without a party etc. 
  now , all politicians are behind him and said people should vote for him , i fear that he might lose this , and it could tighten . 
  but we should see more during the next few days of polling . 
  i hope i 'm wrong . 
  got started by germans in frankfurt , of course it 's more here than some place else . 
  i mean , what a bunch of idiots would design such a system ? 
  is there decent live coverage of it in english or german ? 
  well , he did n't expect the spanish inquisition, 
  i do n't know anything , i just said that if it turns out that it happens , what will you do ? 
  if you 're so sure , why not put your money where your mouth is and make a bet ? 
  put your money where your mouth is , what can i do to you if it happens ? 
  orange teal orange teal !, 
  what can i do to you if it happens ? 
  i 'm worried about both and both candidates . 
  and i do n't believe people like you . 
  the english `` experts '' told me that brexit could never happen , and the american `` experts '' told me that trump could n't win . 
  i wo n't believe the french people who tell me that `` le pen can never win '' . 
  you word in god 's ear son , but do n't be so sure and fucking whine afterwards . 
  we should have learned our lesson by now . 
  how so ? 
  could very well be m\u00e9lenchon vs. 
  le pen . 
  how does the 22 % in the first round matter then ? 
  m\u00e9l is at 19 % , marine at 22 % , macron at 24 % , with an average polling error of 4 points in french presidential elections . 
  how are you not worried ? 
  the polls are generally worse than in the us though , by quite a bit of margin . 
  also , still lots of undecided . 
  just be careful , france, 
  the usa said `` this is not england '' . 
  i believe it when i see it . 
  we do n't have to participate in all the ( imho ) overblown defense spending . 
  if all other countries wan na do it , that 's fine , but i 'll start paying for that shit once it 's necessary . 
  and i hope it 's gon na be a long time until then . 
  i do n't think you of all countries want a germany armed to their teeth . 
  it was n't one poll that was acurate . 
  it was the most renowned expert in polls and his team looking at all the polls and interpreting them . 
  and they were pretty much correct , unlike almost all people without polls . 
  how can you say that polls are the problem ? 
  some people just do n't understand how odds work . 
  it 's so frustrating . 
  there was always some sensational bullshitting , some herding in polls , but there always were somebody like 538 who called it out , ranked polls for their methodology and past results and adjusted . 
  and they have been way better than anything in this election . 
  i do n't get why , if there are some good and some bad practises around something , people just scream `` they 're all bad and lie to us '' . 
  why does everything always have to be so simple , is nuance really so hard ? 
  the problem is that it 's aready more or less weighted for population , because more people voted yes than no . 
  depends on the conspiracy . 
  i 'm hungry now, 
  i just hope we do n't need rain every 30 years to remind us that it 's shit . 
  i do n't . 
  all this two people and they all will vote against her business . 
  did n't work so well with trump . 
  i think we 're fine without it , thanks . 
  same with the military . 
  other people do this better and are more to trust with it . 
  plus , it 's fucking expensive without a lot of rewards , and my swabianness will never wan na make me a spender in this area . 
  the polls did n't lied about trump . 
  he was well within the polling error ? 
  538 gave him 30 % chance , which is quite high . 
  when something that has a 30 % of happening happens , nobody is shocked usually . 
  that 's like chelsea winning the pl . 
  it 's not like we wont adapt . 
  if that would be the only thing . . 
  visit the uk every year or so , have a few friends living there . 
  but of course , it 's `` the lying media '' , whatever that means . 
  let me ask you this : where should i get `` my '' brexit news from ? 
  you do n't know where i do get it from , but know that it 's wrong , because it 's not where you get it from . 
  so answer , where should i get it from ? 
  well , i believe that 's true , because you still think yourself superiour . 
  if you would n't , it would very well be compatible and probably the best outcome for peace and prosperity for most , if not all british people . 
  but who knows , we are what we are . 
  we are perpetually trying to be nice because of that thing eighty years ago , and you are still feeling supoeriour to the world because of that empire thing . 
  and you will be until it really hurts and the truth is too obvious to ignore . 
  the us is learning that right now , maybe you will too . 
  we did that a while back , and it was not pleasant . 
  but very necessary . 
  because the process was a disgrace , people mostly seemed to voted based on lies and bullshit , racism , superiourity and nostalgia seemed to drive lots of the discourse . 
  then people made a decision that very probably hurt the country for decades , maybe more . 
  especially since we really do n't like isolationism and the thought of a nation and people being better than their neighbours . 
  which is what we believe drove you to vote for leave . 
  that 's how most of us saw the decision . 
  and we thought you we 're way smarter than that . 
  a damn shame that you were n't . 
  yes , very much so . 
  lots of germans did . 
  feeling superiour or at least equal started with the brexit . 
  it took us by suprise , to say the least .
