  mostly gone again though . 
  thank the lords , maybe 2016 is n't so bad . 
  i will reign down upon anything that 's stands for this . 
  this is total war . 
  nothing is as important . 
  i will kill every last bavarian out there if i need to, 
  hmm , hearing mr stewards voice in my head . 
  so theatrical . 
  but seriously , what the hell britain . 
  scots , can you leave this place and come play with us ? 
  what you speak is considered english ? 
  / r/fuckingfish go there if you think live has thrown everything at you . 
  nobody knows the nabada at schw\u00f6rmontag in ulm ? 
  it 's like a yuuge water parade on the danube . 
  love it !, 
  you might say that this was a triumph and we should make a note here ? 
  you could kill those too , i do n't think germany would mind, 
  i think to qualify as a german you have to agree that the problem is bavaria . 
  any chance you want that , netherlands ? 
  you could kill all the bavarians and have a really nice area . 
  do n't give them any ideas . 
  is n't merkel a chemist , that dabbled in physical chemistry ? 
  mostly , yes . 
  i 'm from swabia and the motto there is mostly `` we 're not rich , but definitly not poor , and we buy more expensive so it will last way longer '' , that 's why most people still buy lots of swabian products like wmf ( even though i hate it ) . 
  i think you live in your buble , because in mine , nobody bitches about that except for me , and everybody is extremly happy and would take the 200 $ version . 
  hurts the cdu way more than the spd , especially these days . 
  koalitionsbruch , brudi . 
  do n't know if it 's the happy feeling i got from the ehe f\u00fcr alle but that was the funniest thing i 've heard all week . 
  is she seeing someone ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  if i had some . 
  boy it 's hard to make friends here , people are so busy moving away again . 
  oh god . 
  well , would n't have voted for them anyway . 
  how so ? 
  it 's jason banana ? 
  only for eu citizens , sorry, 
  every one is one too many , they r taking our jerbs !, 
  i still have my flat in frankfurt , i do n't care !, 
  but moved to hessen again . 
  where the nice people live . 
  southern germany is quite grantelig . 
  you know you 're not included in bavaria , right ? 
  we all know franken should be it 's own ( glorious ) thing . 
  i 'm actually from south of the wei\u00dfwurscht\u00e4quator , but do n't worry , i moved back to civilication from munich yesterday . 
  feels good man . 
  should visit the ulmer m\u00fcnster some time . 
  a bit smaller , yet higher , but same architectural style , and i think looks better , because i stands out lovely at the m\u00fcnsterplatz . 
  if you 're ever there , go for a brunch in summer in the bella vista besides it , lovely view . 
  i think pretty much anybody world starting to feel like an emperor of he or she would have this as an office, 
  fite , i really like it, 
  tinder flashback right there, 
  uhm , no i 'm not ? 
  mar-a-lago , his hotels in dc , do n't you follow the news ? 
  i do n't even know why i know this song . 
  also , making money off the presidency . 
  a wild straw man appeared . 
  really means a lot to me , thanks , 
  to be honest , i 'm not so suprised . 
  i 'm from a swabian village , and my family is quite against it , even my usually very tolerant father . 
  but my grandma ( peace be upon her ) said to me one sentence one christmas that i will never forget . 
  we were discussing gender roles , marriage , society changing etc , and my grandma was quite conservative and religious . 
  and then she said to me `` you know kay , times are changing so fast , i hardly can keep up , i still need some more time , when i was young it was so different , and it 's not easy for me , but it get 's better . '', 
  i still remember how i loved her in that moment for saying it , but as times go by , my respect only ever grows . 
  we all grow up with our presumptions and ways of thinking and looking at the world , but that my grandmother , while still not there , recognized , that the world changing is not the problem , is what i hope to be when i am at her age , and what i always love in other people . 
  i miss you oma . 
  actually a pretty cool dude , but very sarcastsic . 
  people misread lot of shit because of that . 
  polish or english ? 
  i 'll watch the ploughing shit out of it anyway , fuckin hell yes . 
  biggest for me is making it more democratic . 
  the just have n't had a decent autocracy yet , they 'll learn . 
  probably relativly quickly now . 
  the french would no have a heart attack . 
  that 's why i gave you the honest opportunity to reasonably explain . 
  damn shame you chose not to do it . 
  does n't sound that disingenous to me . 
  how so ? 
  that 's a joke , right ? 
  what the hell scotland, 
  but competition is always good !, 
  at least that 's what the 17 y/o americans scream every time here on reddit . 
  tel aviv is pretty much up there as well , fucking expensive city . 
  frankfurt 3,80 is spot on as a rule of thumb , i 'm suprised . 
  mostly atm , it goes together in the anglosphere these days . 
  that looks so weird, 
  would the austrians be happy with that ? 
  yes . 
  and most germans want that as well . 
  bavarians are like the french of germany . 
  biggest negative for me , but only if we finally go to war with bavaria . 
  i will conquer you myself if i have to !, 
  \u00dc\u00dc\u00dc\u00dc\u00dc\u00dc\u00dc\u00dc, 
  i have nussing to say . 
  i am so giddy now . 
  nobodys perfect , brudi , 
  they should wait for the count first before demanding a recount . 
  more than by jamon or m\u00e9lenchon , definitly more than by fillion or less pen . 
  never thought i ever get to openly feel superior to the us and uk while hugging france . 
  already starting .
