  i was wondering what the arguments against this are . 
  i am , and i do n't think i agree with the law . 
  while i personally would not mask myself in any situation i can think of right now , i can think of a lot of cases where that 's the case for somebody else i 'd like to protect . 
  look , i 'm against certain arabic culture in modern europe as everybody here . 
  but what actually is the case for allowing laws that make it illegal to cover your face in the public space . 
  does n't that also cover guy fawkes masks ? 
  or masked protests ? 
  and why are they allowed to take that right away from me ? 
  i 'm not sure if that 's entirely a good thing . 
  which is very reasonable , the longer you pause , the more your brain starts to get lazy and stupid . 
  my year zivi did n't help my simpleness very much . 
  shut up finnland , we know about your alcohol problems . 
  how about state-funding religious schools who still preach this ? 
  thank you so much for your time . 
  thank you very much . 
  how is it paid for ? 
  what taxes are funneld into the nhs ? 
  is there a rundown how the uk system is broadly organized ? 
  never suspected you guys were doing so well , props !, 
  that is true and i 'm quite sad that the world is missing out . 
  but on the other hand , it 's such a great addition to the experience when visiting germany ( berlin in particular ) that i 'm also a bit glad . 
  plus , having the idea open to flow is great too . 
  i suck at working hard , but i do make great schnitzel . 
  man , best gift to us , thank the kebap gods for the ubiquity in germany . 
  oh , the great bavarian myth . 
  why are you so much better than germany ? 
  it 's weird . 
  ca n't we just expand nato until everybody is in it and we good ? 
  that the strong suit of the eu , the soft power , that we do n't act but rather sit it out . 
  the eu or rather the member states will act if it comes to it , but the american dick-waving is well and fine , but its not helping if the eu does the same . 
  it 's good how this works right now , especially for the eu . 
  how long was it that you last saw the sea and had time and the mind for it to spend besides its shores ? 
  and how is your work week ? 
  why not just use the gini coefficient for income ? 
  i figured as much , so i put than in there so you can copy and paste it if you wish , 
  ukip , the british republicans , trying to prove what they run on , that people in office suck and their the best example . 
  how the fuck can somebody vote for this concept ? 
  \u00d6 feel free to use it whenever you encounter the need . 
  we suck just as much as you do apparantly . 
  i 'm actually pretty happy about the results in germany . 
  never thought the rest of europe would be this `` regressive '' . 
  not with eu immigration though , what they fucked up , they did all on their own . 
  i 'm ridiculously good at countering that . 
  that 's indeed hilarious , thank you for the explanation . 
  what 's the story behind the poster for die linke ? 
  east and west also . 
  the difference between denmark and germany is highly peculiar . 
  yes thank you . 
  my flatmate actually is anti-eu because she heard from a guy that knows somebody that the village in romania where she comes from struggles because they have to put the food they produce and sell now in sterile plastic . 
  i have seen a german pro eu ad where they compared this to the people 's front of judea with this . 
  what have the ~ ~ romans ~ ~ the eu ever done for us ? 
  peace ? 
  shut up !, 
  hilariously relevant . 
  looks like it uses symbols to unity the heavanlyrule and the worldy rule as well ( the scepter and the handgrenade of antioch ) . 
  yes , the one who was instrumental in the us . 
  declaration of independence . 
  that 's certainly debatable , but i never used an argument from hitchens in my argument before , only a quote to underline it . 
  now , you are quite happy in misunderstanding me , i do not think that at all , i was n't even suggest anything like the sort in the quoted paragraph . 
  i was merely suggesting that the right to live your life physically unharmed is more important than to live your life free to practise the religion you chose . 
  that was all . 
  but , since you went there i want to emphasize it : the most religious freedom any deviant believer or non-believer enjoys is in the west . 
  maybe you can add japan to that list , but that 's pretty much it . 
  it 's not in saudia-arabia , where atheists are now oficially branded enemies of the state , it 's not in uganda , it 's not pakistan . 
  e : oh and it 's certainly not in turkey , that should go without saying , just clear out possible misunderstandings . 
  that 's what i was saying , but people do n't seem to do that , i myself was like that , once . 
  i get it , it 's not a totally ludicrous position , but it 's still a problem . 
  well , if you name geopolitical reasons , i cite thomas jeffersons encounter with sidi haji abdul rahman adja , tripoli 's envoy to london , before any of the `` geopolitical reasons '' you think are responsible have been in place . 
    the ambassador answered us that [ their right ] was founded on the laws of the prophet , that it was written in their koran , that all nations who should not have answered their authority were sinners , that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found , and to make slaves of all they could take as prisoners , and that every mussulman who should be slain in battle was sure to go to paradise . 
   they could n't have been a response to american imperialism ( the start of the conflict precedes the presidency of george washington ) , u.s. foreign policy , globalization , aipac or islamophobia . 
  yet his words are virtually identical to those spouted ad nauseum by jihadists today who justify their bellicosity as a reaction to these u.s.-centric factors , which were nonexistent in adja 's time . 
   how do we make sense of this ? 
  well , the common denominator here just happens to be the elephant in the room . 
  the whole article is worth the read . 
  ( btw , written by an ex-muslim , who should have been killed according to the hadith for being that alone , and not because of geopolitical reasons ) http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ali-a-rizvi/an-atheist-muslims-perspective-on-the-root-causes-of-islamist-jihadism-and-the-politics-of-islamophobia_b_3159286.html?utm_hp_ref=tw as mr. hitchens said it . 
  `` jefferson said , `` well in that case , we take our navy and destroy this criminal endeavour you have there . '', 
  and a good thing that he did . '', 
  well , limiting religious freedom is a real problem in western countries ( but actually still best in western countries , by far ) , but actual policies are not widely supported , only the denuded version of `` do you think muslims too much here ? '', 
  not even a minarette ban would be going through in most western countries . 
  and of course , while religious freedom is important , i think the freedom to stay alive and not get mutilated trumps the freedom to practise religion , even though both are very important , so comparing `` country a is bad because they kill girls who want to get an education '' to `` country b is bad because some people there want no mosques built . '', 
  i think that 's quite undeniably so . 
  i have , tons of times . 
  `` terrorism is only the reaction to the wests imperialism . '', 
  `` terrorists only want the foreign invaders gone from the land that is reightfully theirs . '', 
  `` it 's only because of of they are so poor . '', 
  `` america brought it onto themselves . '', 
  and the support for these people ( the ones who engage in killing other people and themselves , for which , soppurt throughout is islamic world is suprisingly high ) is not remotly critizied by most of the people who call themselves left . 
  ( nor by the majority of `` moderate '' muslims ) at least in the us and in germany . 
  it 's because if you do , you 'd support the us and nobody wants to be seen like that . 
  it 's a damn shame , one can oppose both the us and islamic fundamentalism . 
  dont forget the hard on for not-so-moderate muslims . 
  ( not arabs ), 
  oh the sweet `` irony '' . 
  well , subjektivierung von arbeit is a real problem , i 'm glad i do n't have exchange server access at home . 
  revolution !!, 
  sooo , how long till you guys overthrow him ? 
  how about jobs for sociologists in denmark ? 
  you can get ober - and niederbayern . 
  also , it 's not too efficient because you lose a lot of energy converting nuclear power into heat and the heat into electrical power , just to turn it back into heat . 
  if you have nuclear power ( or coal or gas or whatever ) , what you do is you burn them or split them or something like that for one purpose .
