  my grandfather certainly did . 
  was is this dot north of the vatican ? 
  cdu/fdp , always condescending sons of horses . 
  thank you !, 
  well , not really anything . 
  the last thing we had didnt go so well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2iafajrmno disclaimer : comments seem like you 're in nazi germany again . 
  sounds to me like `` hey eu citizens , dont feel like french , british or german , feel like eu , we 're involved in some pretty peace-y stuff with your money , its all good man , feel european . '', 
  yes i want , i want the eu concept to succed . 
  but we have to talk about changing the polity of the eu , the whole eu process just isnt democratic enough and not enough in the minds of the electorate . 
  its happening , were melting together , thats a good thing ( wars and stuff ) but we have to be more accountable on eu level . 
  as a baden-w\u00fcrtemberger who lives in bavaria : bw doesnt want to seceed . 
  bavaria wants to , and im sure i want it too , just to see them crash and burn and say `` i told you so '' . 
  dont forget , this is just sunlight hours , not climate . 
  new york is not the same as rome even though they are in the same category . 
  you can have a lot of sunlight and its still freakin cold . 
  isnt it usually foreigner attacked by nazis = germany is declaring the fourth reich ? 
  i would like to ask a question and please try not to immediatly hate me for it . 
  i was wondering if i should really give a shit ? 
  it was one guy . 
  by guys who arent even part of a group that is threataning anything in germany . 
  ( dont get me wrong , i am very much anti-islamic as i am to most known religions ( and for the record , im not talking about arab people , its not against a ethnicity , its against a worldview , a body of ideas that i 'm very much opposed to . 
  so the term `` racism '' just doenst hold up ) . 
  but i dont see what the fuss is about . 
  there are 82 million people in this country . 
  some of them will always be cunts . 
  period . 
  why make such a fuss ? 
  not every country in the world is the us . 
  contrary to what mitt romney says , corporations arent people , my friend . 
  they also dont operate within society , at least not from a sociologists standpoint . 
  the problem is the established system that forces corporations to use all means available to make the most profit . 
  unlike people , corporations really are the ` homo oeconomicus ' the economists are always talking about . 
  and their means of survival is making money . 
  the more they make the better for them , thats our system . 
  if that has a negative effect on society or the environment or something , we should make it illegal , we can not put the responsibility on the consumer , with this mindset , its always you and me that are the assholes because we didnt inform us enough about every corporation and every issue and ` support ' it by using their product . 
  no , we have to change the system or make specific stuff illegal . 
  the whining about it doesnt change anything and im not even sure it should . 
  google not just wants to avoid taxes , it has to . 
  thats the system we are living in . 
  if you want something be against the law , make it illegal . 
  if you dont want corporations being forced to do whatever is necessary to make as much money as they can , implement another system . 
  but dont whine if people actually doing the stuff you set for them to do . 
  but we love you too . 
  dont forget us !, 
  i study in augsburg and seriously considering voting for that party for exactly this reason . 
  augsburgian here , were not even really bavaria . 
  please include us too !, 
  soo , lot of fat but cut down on bread and potatoes and stuff ? 
  damn , i love carbohydrates :( but still glad to see germany is doing so well . 
   the way you talk about it you would be fine to bring these people back and just put them in jail ? 
  if they commit a crime here , sure . 
  if they commit a war crime there , let the appropriate authorities deal with that . 
  if they qualify by international law as an enemy combatant , take appropriate action if you are happen to be at war with them . 
  which the uk is n't . 
  what i do n't really think is appropriate is that `` we '' ( the west , in your world view ) , stand here and say `` we 're so much better than anybody else '' ( which i do n't think is bullshit btw ) , and then be horribly keen and glad when people go up in flames . 
  it 's vile and nasty and ignorant and undignified in my oppinion . 
  and what makes `` us '' better than `` them '' , if you wan na use those phrases , is exactly that we learned to not be like that , to extent it to people that do n't seem to deserve it at first . 
  that 's what , if anything , makes the enlightened cultured west a moral authority , that 's what the national socialists neglected and what the existing communism neglected , and what every person that ever brought society to become more ugly neglected , and it 's what you neglect . 
  and that is what i think is so sad . 
  they do destroy `` us '' from within , because they plant these thoughts in otherwise lovely people 's head . 
  just as they have had ugly thoughts planted in theirs . 
  we ca n't win this war by perpetuating the hate and fear . 
   yes , i think their values are completely antithetic of what europe stands for . 
  i do n't want any of them here , if they wish so hard to form a caliphate based on murder , rape and slaughtering of anyone different then they can do it somewhere else , but do n't cry when those you hate hit back with bigger guns . 
  i think so too , and i also do not want these ideas here . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't be sad if the person that thinks them gets killed , their life forfeited just like that . 
  i am glad when the idea gets less of a strong hold on the world , but i am not glad if a person dies a horrible death . 
  there are wars to be won with bombs , the second world war was probably the best example . 
  but those times are over . 
  and this war certainly is n't won with bombs . 
  and every weapon we have gets less and less potent with every person in the west that is glad when somebody else dies . 
   what you seem to not get is that there is no reasoning with these people . 
  you ca n't talk them into a peace deal , you ca n't negotiate with them . 
  they do n't want peace , they want world domination of a vicious , backwards and horrible death cult from the seventh century . 
  does n't mean we have to make more of those people , and it also does n't mean that it 's their complete fault that they want that , and it also does n't mean that groups of people ca n't change their minds . 
  you do n't just wake up a normal morning and decide to become like that . 
   i 'm sure it sounds great when you write down how much you value a good democratic and enlightened civilization , but in the real world this happens all the time . 
  well , if ideas , values and the like are irrelevant , then what are we fighting for ? 
  seems pointless to me then . 
   is it good to strive towards your ideal world view ? 
  sure , it 'd be great . 
  but it 's a utopia , it 'll never happen imo . 
  does n't mean you ca n't work towards it and make it better for all of us . 
  i believe that 's what i 'm doing . 
  it 's easy to disagree with that , and i 'm certainly okay with you doing exactly that . 
  i do n't think i 'm right all the time , and there is a very big chance that i am wrong about this . 
  i just think i am not and that it 's important . 
   and you may think less of me , but i have absolutely no problem with the uk doing this . 
  i think the us killed him , and my view of the us is certainly not a favorable one anyway . 
  but in this case , i do n't think the problem is that they got killed , it 's that `` we '' are glad that they are dead . 
  that 's a path `` our '' society goes down , that i do not want to follow . 
  that gets us way more in fascist territory than the is can ever hope to achieve militarily or assimilatingly . 
   i do n't want to sound disrespectful but you sound like the type that would rather try to talk it out with those wanting to bring our civilization come crumbling down . 
  and i get why you would think that , but i can assure you , i am definitly not a pacifist , nor a naive person who thinks that if we all just hug it out , everything will be sunshine and rainbows . 
  there are a lot of times where violent action has to be taken , and where people have to fight for the betterment of the world , or at least to prevent it from becoming way worse . 
  and i 'm not even saying that i know that not doing that in this instant is the right course of action ( although i lean on just sitting at the borders and make sure the army of darkness does n't march it , the arab world has to get into a real crisis of faith and deal with it themselves , outsiders ca n't go in and say `` look , just do it like that '' , but that 's another discussion entirely ) . 
  what i am saying is that being glad about the deaths of other people is something i find fundamentally opposed to what i value about european society . 
  maybe it 's just germany post-war society , i do n't know , but i felt that it was at least central and nothern european values that the dignity of a human being is sacrosanct , like the german constitution states in it 's first article , that can never ever be changed . 
  that to me means that you can take violent action if necessary , but that the person you 've taken violent action against was still a human being , and worthy of dignity . 
  and being glad about their death robs them of that .
