  `` enjoy your rapes . '', 
  how , how is that not blatantly racist ? 
  had to laugh out loud , i 'm so happy, 
  i love how russia tried to hack it as well , but they let them run into a trap . 
  today is a great day . 
  sad to hear that , hope you 're okay . 
  weird , talked with a few people about it , ask shared my experience , which is nothing like yours . 
  and i 'm very easily made happy . 
  have you ever taken cocaine ? 
  lots of things make you happy for the moment , but not cocaine . 
  no , he clearly means the other guy who did nothing . 
  no , you see , things just begin the moment americans start to be interested , and since that 's only since a week ago , it 's the new taking point . 
  cocaine never made me happy ? 
  not even for a moment . 
  why do n't you hack for the candidate you hate the most , leak that you hacked for them yourself and see them dismissed ? 
  eight points , not eight percent . 
  the afd will only be problematic if they get above 13-15 % . 
  right now , it does not look like it 's a big problem . 
  i 'm more worried about the csu getting afd like and dictating to merkel . 
  shit man , making bavaria like this really triggered me . 
  fucking hell , that is cruel . 
  portugal has already started . 
  they 'll pay for that !, 
  polish brothers and sisters , i love you . 
  still the best thing to come out of bavaria since schweinshaxn . 
  if i would run for office , i would renounce the statements of my grandfather even more ferrouciously than i am doing now , just living my life . 
  this is important . 
  have n't seen the pitch there , probably was n't there when the events unfolded . 
  i love this, 
   which i agree with very much , it should n't be easy to take away rights from people . 
  if you want to change something that has an impact on other people the burden of proof should be on you . 
  i disagree , the burdon of proof should be on both . 
  and if there is still at least a bit of harm done , which is always easy to show with guns , then the burdon of proof should be to show that there is more benefit to have them . 
  but we have different takes on society there it seems . 
   self-defense , sport shooting , hunting . 
  hunting will always be allowed for professional hunters , that are keeping the forests healthy . 
  other than that it 's just a bit of fun , like sport shooting , so no real benefit to society besides a few people having fun . 
  that 's not nothing , but it 's also not a lot . 
  do we have to argue about this stupid self defense bullshit with guns ? 
  really ? 
   first of all these are facts . 
  do you and the people in your milieu base your opinions on personal feelings disregarding facts ? 
  you say these are the facts , but do n't provide them , you just say they are . 
  why should i believe you ? 
  now the burdon of proof is definitly on your shoulder . 
   the ban literally only affects people who want to obey the law . 
  this is literally nothing than an inconvience for people who 's hobby it is to use death machines . 
  i 'm sorry , i know guns are fun , i 've shot a few of them myself and i get why they 're a fun hobby . 
  but the fact remains that it 's still machines designed to kill humans , and that the only real use we have for them is as a fun hobby . 
  i have no problem inconveniencing people for this , because i think we should n't have any , and that our society would be much safer without it . 
  if this is a step in that direction and does n't harm anything , i 'm okay with that . 
  it 's not gon na make anything more readily available , and if it turns a few people who obey the law get less deadly machines before they run amok and kill people , is n't that already worth it ? 
   that 's a very authoritarian mindset for me . 
  i do n't want to live in a society that thinks this way . 
  repends really , we 're not john stuart mill country here , we do readily ban things that are harmful . 
  the us for example seems to operate under the thought that not banning something is always good , and you have to work really hard to show that banning something is worth it , so the burdon is always almost exclusivly on the person who bans something to show that it 's incredibly harmful . 
  this is unbalanced in my view , and you can differ , but i do not want to live in that society . 
  i want to live in a society where , when something is at least somehow harmful , people can get into a room , one side says how harmful they believe it is , the other how much they think the thing is actually needed , and what ranks higher will be done . 
  the bar of banning something is not as artificially high , which means it 's much easier to actually get rid of harmful things , even if they ' re not the most harmful things in the world . 
  makes for a much better world in my opinion , but it 's alright that you differ . 
  what you still have n't done is name one single reason why it 's important that guns be available , what good they do . 
  not one single reason except for `` banning generally is bad because authoritarian . '', 
  just to clarify : ca n't you give me one or wo n't you give me one ? 
   well , actually it is commonly known that firearms used in this type of crime are not the ones that will be affected by this legislation . 
  it 's commonly known by you because you want your own preconceptions to be right . 
  i do n't know this , and i am quite sure that most people in my milieu ( which actually is social research ) do n't know this as well . 
  and it 's not even what we were discussing , you just moved the goalpost . 
  https://www.flemishpeaceinstitute.eu/sites/vlaamsvredesinstituut.eu/files/files/factsheet_firearms_and_deaths_in_eu.pdf  there is a relationship between firearm possession and the number of deaths by firearms . 
  in countries with more firearms , there are usually more deaths by firearms . 
  this relationship is strongest in the case of suicides committed with a firearm , and less pronounced in the case of firearm homicides of women . 
  it is sometimes argued that , when no firearm is available , another instrument will be used for the suicide or the homicide ( ` substitution ' ) . 
  this would mean that in countries where firearm possession rates are lower , there are more homicides and suicides using instruments other than firearms . 
  however , this turns out not to be the case . 
  while it 's not high enough a portion of overall suicides and violent crime offences ( because there are already very low rates of guns in the eu ) , no direct statistically significant link between those guns and crime can be established . 
  that does n't mean that it 's not responsible for a lot of lost lives , just not as much as a lot of other things . 
  and here does the weigh process come in again . 
  if the same numbers would have to do with useful stuff , like food or transportation , i would be against banning , because you lose too much and gain too little . 
  but this is guns we 're talking about , the only useful thing they do for private citizens is being a bit of a hobby . 
  that 's not enough , and makes it worth reducing this more and more . 
  fun with a machine that it 's only purpose is to kill other things for a select number of private citizens is not enough of an argument against limiting access to this further . 
  it 's not a tool , it 's a toy that sole purpose is to kill people . 
  if it would be a tool , i 'd see it differently , but it 's not , and i do n't . 
  unless somebody of all the `` but firearms do n't do harm '' people explain to me how they actually do good , this is a pretty easy case for me . 
  this is not the us , your only defense against banning something ca n't just be `` there is not enough evidence it does harm '' , you also have to have an argument why it benefits society if it does any harm at all and is pretty easy to limit access to . 
  jup , that 's how it works , that 's also why an illegal gun is as easy to obtain in the uk than it is in the us . 
  well , `` legality '' is a useless term when you debate wether or not something * should * be legal . 
  in some states in the us , lots of guns are `` legal '' , and definitely should n't be . 
  in countries like australia , making things from `` legal '' to `` illegal '' helped them get down mass shootings to * zero * , had a huge drop in suicide rate , crime rate etc. 
  there is evidence that guns are problematic , and the `` legal '' argument you 're trying to make is the same argument that the anti weed people use `` it 's illegal , and therefor bad and should stay illegal '' . 
  happy cake day btw . 
  banning humans would do the most . 
  but as is life and legislation , you have to weigh harm and good against each other . 
  guns are practically not at all useful ( except that they 're incredibly fun , i 'll grant you that ( please note further , that this is not a ban to ban all guns all the time , things like licensed hunting will always be happening ) ) . 
  cars on the other hand are tremendously useful to society , same with trucks . 
  i do n't think i have to explain how . 
  abw\u00e4gungsprozess it 's called in german , and it 's the foundation of politics and law here . 
  if somehow we all have great self driving cars , who are much better for the environment , have * way * less casualties in terms of traffic accidents and ca n't be used for crime , suicide and terrorist attacks , we should ban non-self-driving cars . 
  and we will . 
  and having a billion germans visiting every year, 
  jup , glad they 're doing something .
