  we did n't realize that before , we thought all the problems we have you do n't , and it turns out , you have them way more then us . 
  this is why brexit severly changed how lots of germans see the english . 
  true , but we did lose a ton of respect for the british because of it . 
  i do n't think we like them less , but we do n't feel so inferiour anymore . 
  tbh , i 'm pretty afraid that if we take it on , it goes to our head , and in 50 years , we become what america is today . 
  broken , rotten and horrible . 
  how is this about bugghists going into other countries and blowing themselves up in a christmas market or before a school or shooting satirists ? 
  everybody persecutes , maybe even the jaines , and especially the fucking christians . 
  but right now , christians are less scary than muslims , even african ones , especially middle eastern ones . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  could n't have been better . 
  mad respect for the french brothers here . 
  took us a while , but it was worth the wait . 
  if the me would be all bhuddists or jains though , we would n't have a problem . 
  germans usually love gb . 
  at least before the whole brexit thing . 
  i really like baclava though , why is n't it allowed in austria ? 
  afraid they do pistaccios better than you ? 
  i mean , cover your hair all you want , but if we ca n't see the face , it 's about something bigger than religious freedom . 
  i think it 's okay . 
  huh . 
  never had that problem when visiting . 
  maybe i started to early, 
  how is that different ? 
  if that is so , i have found something new to hate . 
  damn , i was hoping to vote for it while i live in bavaria , and then move away again . 
  a bavexit would be hilarious . 
  am swabian , can confirm . 
  is that apparant ? 
  seems to me like you misread something there , brudi . 
  no shit . 
  sigh , why , why does the spd always have a brainfart right when you think you could support them for once ? 
  why , why is the only party consistantly making sense the obknoxious fucking stupidly neckbearded pirate party ? 
  can i have * some * credible party to vote for and engage with please ? 
  i 'm going green , fuck it , i 'll take gendersternchen over fake news legislation any day of the week . 
  get your hands off of my postillon . 
  can we have some lawyers confirm ? 
  i 'm not sure how people can wiggle through phrases like \u00f6ffentlicher frieden darf nicht gest\u00f6rt werden etc. 
  again , this is alright if that happens to you once every year or so . 
  but if that happens to you twice a month over ten years , and not just with beer but with everything , it gets annoying really fast . 
  i mean there definitly is some monopoly effect going on , that 's true . 
  what do i mean by that ? 
  when i worked at samsung , we had a compliance thing , where they said that you ca n't do some shit if you are in a position where you have 40 % or more market share , because it gets close to becoming a monopoly , and you may get in a load of trouble if you do some stuff . 
  i was working at the ssd team , which actually was the one unit that had that position . 
  so you could do some stuff if you 're a small player , and nobody cares , but if you 're big , you have to act differently , you 're big now , things are different . 
  if a k\u00f6lner says something about `` k\u00f6lsch is the best beer in the world , and everybody who drinks something else has no taste . '', 
  he can totally say that without you feeling that he 's a dick . 
  you feel sorry for him more than anybody else . 
  but if a bavarian says the same thing about bavarian beer , it gets obknoxious , and this is because the level of believability and the context make it so . 
  bavaria is not shitty or irrelevant enough to be so smug , but also not so great that it 's warranted to the same extent . 
  it falls into a weird place in that regard . 
  i think it 's the discrepancy of arrogance and the way it really is . 
  bavaria is n't the shittiest bundesland , one could make the case that sachsen is more racist , more homophobic , less open and friendly , less cultured , less educated etc , like a lot of bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  but only the bavarians think that they 're the bee 's knees , while it 's not really warranted . 
  and this oozes through , all the time . 
  i 'm from the border to baw\u00fc , and the bavarians here are midly obknoxious about this , but very tolerable . 
  it changed a bit in augsburg where i lived for four years , but still tolerable if you do n't go to the countryside and do n't listen to the radio . 
  but around munich , it 's insufferable . 
  people are actually buthurt if you do not think this is the bestest place ever . 
  i have never experienced this anywhere else , not in hamburg , berlin , frankfurt , k\u00f6ln , d\u00fcsseldorf , stuttgart . 
  in m\u00fcnchen , time and again . 
  they get really defensive about everything , but that 's not even the problem , they proactivly approach you with a attitude that you should thank them that you now are able to live with them in the holy land . 
  and if you say `` eh whatever , i like other places better '' , some seriously get angry . 
  and it 's not like this is everybody of fucking course . 
  some of my best friends are bavarians ( yes , intended phrase ) . 
  but you can never escape it that the whole bundesland just looks down on everybody else . 
  and while it has some very cool stuff here , i do n't doubt it , it 's not nearly as special and great compared to other places in germany ( and the world ) that it warrants this level of preachy arrogance . 
  and i ca n't stand this . 
  yeah , it 's unbeliebable . 
  lots of them in frankfurt as well . 
  it 's not just that there are a lot though , most other cities activly hide them . 
  munich has lots as well , but you do n't see them . 
  yeah probably , i was n't planning on it , they offered it to me , and it is too good an opportunity to pass over . 
  i just wanted to finish my masters and then this came up . 
  that bad ? 
  i really like britain , always have . 
  just visited three weeks ago , still liked it . 
  internship . 
  moving to munich has the benefit that many of my friends live there , and that the opportunity of the job could change my life , but also : living in munich . 
  was a hard choice , and while i made the right choice , i am not at all happy with it right now . 
  i really have no idea about the specifics , this flew completly under the radar . 
  unfortunatly , i 'm very intrigued now . 
  hamburg an berlin are pretty good with that as well these days . 
  lots of jobs to go around tbh . 
  kind of , yes . 
  not enough though . 
  people who like democracy , as in deliberative democracy . 
  i have n't followed this debate at all , but i 'm neither far right , nor a populist nor far left . 
  but all i have read are `` renzi is a good partner for europe and therefor germany , and the constitutional reform poses a serious threat to the italian democracy . 
  one of which is more important to the country usually . 
  lived in frankfurt before i moved to munich , there are enough well paying jobs there . 
  and way less bavarians . 
  because i hate this place . 
  always will . 
  unfortunatly now i am living in munich for the next six months , sooooo fuck me . 
  did i understand this correctly , we want the referendum to fail ? 
  \u00d6sterreich of all places . 
  2016 is weird . 
  thankfully i have n't seen any of those . 
  not to forget : war .
