that weird irish language is missing , check first comment . 
  disney/pixar in germany . 
  they must have such a great localization studio . 
  the only movies i sometimes watch dubbed . 
  up even was better in german than english imo . 
  do we like that or do we not ? 
  same with scotland , i need reddit to tell me what side i 'm on . 
  those wankers . 
  was is schlimmer als cholera ? 
  kidding of course . 
  interesting , sigmaringen 's a long way from where my family lives , maybe the closeness to the bodensee nurtures these dark thoughts . 
  would we include bayrische schwaben ? 
  those augsburgians are pretty dope people , not at all like the knobheads from munich and oberbayern/niederbayern . 
  and in my opinion , the regional pride thing in w\u00fcrtt is not even that prevalent compared to things like pfalz , hessen and even some of the eastern stuff . 
  never ever , the w\u00fcrtembergers would love to give baden to france and bayern to austria , no way they would want to seceed * with * the badenser . 
  i mean , i 'm from the east , we do n't care about baden at all , we want to get rid of those bayrisch yokels , but it 's not that different on the other side i presume . 
  guy from neighbouring village around ulm here , people ( like my family ) may be petty and subtly racist , homophobic , antisemitic and downright ignorant , but they do n't want to seceed , first time i ever heard about it , really ever . 
  where were you , which village should go on my shitlist ? 
  scotland in the eu , england out . 
  that would be hilariously comical . 
  it was from / u/wealllovered , i also have never heard anything like this at all . 
  seems like there is n't . 
  interesting . 
  i seriously was betting on denmark , and austria before us . 
  really got ta go in how it 's calculated . 
  but props to the swamp germans , 
  misunderstood you , sorry  e : according to wikipedia , it went up 2 points, 
  the us have 914 , just slightly below germany and better than almost every single country of the eu . 
  goodwins law , the last straw somebody grasps if not engaging in a conversation . 
  it 's called an analogy and it usually does n't apply , with todays russia , it does on a few levels . 
  so did this . 
  you we 're being dishonest and everything you have to say is `` a retort does n't count if it uses the third reich '' ? 
  says to me that you 're not really interested in anything else than showing me that i was wrong . 
  that 's why i wo n't reply any further . 
  good serbia gets `` slack '' because nobody cares about them , they 're insignificant and that 's how you always treat them . 
  the us , russia , the eu and china always get the most shit , as they should . 
  an economy mostly based on export of ressources the world should not at all depend on or really use , with a gdp per capita of $ 14,6 ( less than half than the average of the eu ) with a climb of roughly 2 % over the last 10 years is not at all something to put up to let russia shine in a great light . 
   so you 're saying the 2005 national priority projects were irrelevant . 
  yes , join the rest of the world russia . 
  this is not something european citizens should think of as `` something to really like about russia '' . 
  it 's nice that this happens , the gods know how you can fuck this shit up , right us , but it 's kind of irrelevant from a european perspective . 
   all the hotel rooms that were n't finished , that had acid water in them ? 
  all the money it took away from more important projects ? 
  i think it was pretty lousily organized . 
  you may be right , but as long as the source is the cristian science monitor , i do n't think i can trust that source . 
  and the problems they did have `` do n't matter , big deal '' . 
  but i think you can detatch anything from anything to find something good , it wo n't get you closer to something like the truth . 
  detatching the games from the homophobia in russian society ( and this truly is the people , not the government , they instrumentalize the hatred within the population ) from the orginasation is just dishonest . 
  yes , maybe they we 're organized alright , but what does it matter ? 
  so where the 1936 olympics , would you defend the regime my granfather took part in because of their skill in organizing olympics ? 
  no , you would say `` well there is not a lot to like about germany right now '' and you would be right . 
  because these are the things that matter . 
  foreign policy , internal politics , xenophobia , homophobia , general societal , economic and political progress . 
  but we do n't get a lot of those . 
   i did n't even want to go there , but i do agree it was one of the best things they 've done . 
  it 's great that we agree on that . 
  not a lot equals to nothing now ? 
  we 'll open up our own europe , with blackjack and hookers . 
  aka europe . 
  to be honest , i just wish i could disable replies for this comments . 
  i do n't think the subreddit is this horrible and you 'll always have people just riled up because they think you 're somthing that you 're not and try to put you in your place because you 're wrong and they 're right , but i do n't like being bothered by it to that extent . 
  like with everything on reddit , it 's an indicator , not a reason . 
  and i 'm still right . 
   good job purposely confusing russia and russian government . 
  i did n't , russia ist n't really improving socially , economically or politically in any meaningful way `` these days '' . 
  rather to the contrary . 
  did i miss any important sides ? 
  the nature is still beautiful but i do n't think you should hold me accountable for not including this . 
  also there 's quite a bit to like , people just do n't look at the good when there 's a lot of bad involved . 
  e.g. ,  they took snowden , true that , the reasons are something else , but you 're correct , my cuntgovernment still did nothing . 
  props to str\u00f6bele though . 
   been steadily improving their space program for their war program and stabilizing their autocratic government , but still , not entierly bad  are fighting isis in iraq how so ? 
   the winter olympics were actually quite successfully organised . . 
  telling gay people to keep it to themselves for the sake of the children under pressure of prison ? 
  all the hotel rooms that were n't finished , that had acid water in them ? 
  all the money it took away from more important projects ? 
  i think it was pretty lousily organized . 
  well , nothing crashed , so , not bad . 
  but i did n't understand why this is something to like about the country , nobody likes brazil for their world cup organisation , that was a lot better executed than sotchi . 
  i stand by my point , there are * some * positve aspects , like i implied in my snarky comment , but in comparison to the colossal negativity this country does these days , it 's not at all great . 
  the best thing russia did was imho working with the us to get syria to get rid of their chemical weapons . 
  my point still stands , it 's not a lot . 
  we 're talking about russia in geopolitcal and internal politcal and societal terms , this generalization completly applies within the context of the statement . 
  lots of people are n't neoliberals here . 
  heck , the eu is n't neoliberal . 
  to be fair , there is not a lot to like about russia these days . 
  and i 'm not sure if it 's a war crime to use willypete per se , but it certainly is when targeting civillians , especially if only to blame the other side . 
  i have to say , spec ops : the line did a great job in making me feel horribly uncomfortable , even guilty whenever i read `` white phosphorous '' now . 
  that would be a pretty bad strategy and a huge war crime . 
  ca n't see them being this shitty . 
  both things are not true in my view . 
  there is point in hiding your face , supporting lgbt but your social circle would cast you out , supporting something unpopular and suffer from it , maybe getting into trouble at work etc. 
  this can ruin lifes . 
  what if you wan na peacefully support something that in the future is n't legal to support in a protest ? 
  but anyway , i do n't wan na focus on one use case . 
  i wanted to focus on the broader point . 
  i do n't really care about protests . 
  why make something illegal that is no harm to others in any way ? 
  i 'm veiling myself in france because i 'm ugly is now illegal . 
  that should not be legal to make that illegal .
