yeah , prioritizing public funds towards education over fairy tales is really edgy . 
  setting yourself on fire qualifies as crazy . 
  pawns , more like it . 
  yeah , just leave our appartments . 
  i know . 
  being arrested would be the last thing on my mind . 
  good thing we 're not uncivilized savages then . 
  looks more like a bait than a joke . 
  indeed we are . 
  we are determined to be the best at something . 
  trolling i presume ? 
  well , no shit . 
  it 's not like jordan would take in 85 % of norwegian refugees if things went to shit there , they would come to their neighboring countries . 
   dense idiots  then, 
  yeah , keep pandering to them , see where that 'll get you . 
  they are offered the exact same education as everyone else , they are the ones who choose to squander it , and light their neighborhood on fire . 
  racially abused . 
  biggest joke i 've heard . 
  sweden bends over instantly for these people . 
  more like they get the educated ones . 
  we get the refugees . 
  american muslims integrate well . 
  just some good old shilling . 
  greatest ally always listens . 
  yes . 
  and when you ruin your part of the sphere , does n't mean you should get to ruin everyone else 's . 
  implying it 's my problem or responsiblity . 
  sounds like you need to open your heart . 
  eu yes, 
  i was specifically referring to the post that war criminals are doing it . 
  learn to read . 
  and if you do n't think that plain ol' criminals do this shit as well , you are naive . 
  luckily ? 
  that 's how they get in , without governments knowing what they 've done . 
  `` oh , i am just a poor refugee , help pls '', 
   should the priest have the right to deny wedding them in god 's eyes ? 
  yeah , in a free society , we ca n't force people . 
  but i am sure you could find a progressive priest who would perform the ceremony . 
  you forgot about the 6 billion . 
  --  actually defend multiculturalism in any way < --, 
  hey , i think you are being racist right now . 
   the legislation requires a person accused of homophobia to prove their innocence ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  good thing laws are objective . 
  behead all those who insult jesus . 
  well , i hate all religions , but islam is by far the worst . 
  tl ; dr still a dogshit religion , among all others . 
  ah , the ol' muh context defense . 
  well played . 
  good times . 
  because we are fucking braindead . 
  if anything people should be ashamed about the conditions of slaughterhouses . 
  this is laughable . 
  maybe they will calm the fuck down now . 
  i do n't even care . 
  why waste more money on these idiots . 
  just stop them from entering ,, 
  not letting them back in would be a good start . 
  yeah i am not going to any country where isis is active . 
  i enjoy my head attached to my shoulders . 
  this is what i hate about scandinavia . 
  we are more concerned with treating the criminals instead of the victims ... 
  ... and stay out !, 
  i hate gather quests ... you no take foreskin !, 
  what 's wrong with a handshake ? 
  why do you have to mutilate your dick ? 
  my handwriting has n't changed since i was maybe 8 years old . 
  it 's terrible . 
  well . 
  sweden lets everyone in . 
  oh no , the poor girl 's plan of aiding genocide and mass murder failed . 
  poor girl . 
  fuck off retard , she got what she deserved . 
  they 've ignored it until a few weeks ago when they could n't hide it anymore . 
  and people , with good reason , no longer trust these parties.and they are for the most part still ignoring to fix the issue , and just talk about it and use emotional manipulation . 
  nah , the real danger are the globalist scum who are working very hard to ruin europe for their personal gain . 
  parties who ignore those gigantic single-issues are worse . 
   non-european news and politics, 
   isis would love you . 
  actually , i think they love you a bit more . 
  giving them free entry to their targets and all . 
  defending your border is n't terrorism , you twat . 
  more like suicide . 
  if you know that you will be sunk , and you still approach a military vessel , it 's your own fucking fault , lol . 
  i 've been doing my part since 2010 . 
  this train is going hard , though . 
  straight off the cliff . 
  muh women and children , jk mostly men . 
  false scenario . 
  removing the incentive is key . 
  returned if caught , sunk if ignoring warnings + 0 welfare when you arrive . 
  for what, 
   let 's just drown women and children nice false reality, 
  illegal invaders who refuse to heed warnings ? 
  yeah . 
  i want off this wild ride . 
  no ty, 
  danish is really hard to hear when it 's spoken , imo . 
   becoming, 
  good . 
  hope we do the same .
