  remember , the hero association is quite shaky without saitama tbh . 
  most of the time , saitama is needed to deal with a problem since the ha heroes are incapable of doing so and that 's not a very good thing . 
  as powerful as saitama is , he ca n't be everywhere at all times , he needs some help . 
  and who better to do so than garou ? 
  if we consider one 's words , garou is as strong as boros and boros would have annihilated every single hero , if it was n't for saitama . 
  i truly believe that if garou wants to become a hero , the ha wo n't have a choice in the matter . 
  and besides , garou deep down is probably the purest hero the ha can have besides saitama and mumen rider . 
  the rest of the s class heroes are bunch of obnoxious assholes who care more about themselves than helping others . 
  garou truly wants to help people , but the bullying scarred him to the point that he started viewing injustice in a pretty deranged way . 
  anyway , that 's my opinion . 
  one thing is for sure though , it will be very interesting what happens to him from here on out , whether he becomes an official hero or not . 
  ca n't wait for his interactions with saitama and bang . 
  the stories and settings are entirely different , you have to appreciate them by what each of them is . 
  got is n't some light comedy edging towards parody on other shounen mangas . 
  it 's a realistic presentation of what the medieval life was ( without the monsters and such , as well as the magic ) . 
  and vice-versa - opm is a comedy about a totally unrealistic character in a totally unrealistic world doing fun things . 
  it 's all about having fun . 
  there is no complex story because there does n't need to be , the show is what it is . 
  i love them both for what they are , do n't try to compare them . 
  i understand where you 're coming from - maybe you do n't like the depressing feelings got gives or maybe the story in general , however there is no need to compare it to an entirely different show . 
  comparing shows from two different genre 's just does n't work . 
  i doubt even guts is able to defeat zodd , let alone serpico . 
  i believe metal knight is a good guy that has his own way of dealing with things that piss other people off . 
  genos thinks he should be mistrusted because mk never tries to explain his actions and is very cold towards everyone . 
  the most likely scenario is that mk is a red herring and the true evil is drive knight and the ones behind him . 
  the line `` do n't trust metal knight '' is probably him trying to soil discord into their relations for whatever reason ( perhaps mk and the organization have some kind of rivalry ), 
  ok , is it just me or the plan of jules-pierre mao seem a little risky ? 
  have n't read the books , but from what i can see is that he wants to use that alien thingy ( or whatever it is ) to advance the human race somehow . 
  but is it just me or is his plan extremely risky ? 
  he wants to make that thing sentient , but what becomes then ? 
  what if instead of helping , it decides to destroy humanity ? 
  if someone can give me a little bit info about this without spoiling too much , i 'll greatly appreciate it . 
  is it just me or the music does n't fit the theme of game of thrones much ? 
  sounds way too modern for me . 
  and holy hell , the night 's king with bran , that was cool as hell, 
  i also could n't recognize bran at first glance , he has grown so much . 
  am i wrong or saitama , too , can have hair ? 
  was n't genos offering to take him to dr. kuseno and see what kuseno can do about his baldness ? 
  besides , i do n't remember hair loss to be a necessary condition of breaking a limiter . 
  it 's implied , but not outright said . 
  honestly , for me it will be extremely dissapointing if blast is n't a challenge for saitama . 
  he is hyped way too much for this no to be the case . 
  can someone explain to me why lula is so hated now ? 
  i remember 3 years ago he was almost universally loved by brazilians . 
  what happened ? 
  tbh i really hope that negan becomes rick 's right hand and goes on to mentor carl . 
  and after rick dies , he becomes carl 's guardian and protector . 
  it will be a nice transition . 
  honestly , redeeming him by killing him is extremely clich\u00e9 thing to do and does n't fit negan 's style . 
  i 'm not saying him and rick should be friends , that 's absolutely implausible if it happens , however i do like the idea of him and rick having an relationship based on usefulness and maybe respect . 
  it will be an interesting dynamic between the two - they do n't like each other , but come to understand that they need each other to survive . 
  does anyone know from where and when can we see the files ? 
  just deleted the game . 
  fuck this . 
  he is actually really good looking in the manga also . 
  it 's just that togashi 's style changes constantly and sometimes the drawings are really unsatisfactory, 
  [ example ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/61/41/0f/61410fa1c2fa3dc750e4c23b91073e25.jpg ), 
  neither hisoka nor chrollo are going to die . 
  they are too important characters to die like that , considering there is way more story to tell in the manga . 
  i imagine their fight is going to get interrupted somehow with neither one winning . 
  chrollo still has way too much story to tell for him to get killed like this . 
  also , it diminishes his character immensely , considering how the phantom troupe talk about him and his powers . 
  if he gets killed or beaten now , he will go down the drain as a wasted character since he has no accomplishments to speak of . 
  chrollo is also not a minor character . 
  he does n't get much screen time , but his importance to the story is immense - from meteor city , to the most dangerous outlaw group in hxh , to kurapika and hisoka ( as well as the rest of the band ) . 
  killing him after he gets his nen restored just seems stupid to me since he has n't really done much . 
  kill him now and what has he done ? 
  nothing , except kill a few random mafiosos . 
  all of these things apply to hisoka also . 
  not to mention hisoka is like the face of hxh and he is beloved by almost everyone who reads and watches the manga/anime . 
  these characters , if they get killed , will be killed at a point where their deaths will have a maximum impact ( presumably at the end of the manga ) . 
  a random death in heavens arena wo n't do a thing to most viewers besides making them angry . 
  i have no idea wtf is going on . 
  downvote me if you want , but this show is going in a direction that is not very pleasant to watch . 
  the bolton soldiers finding sansa and theon is so ridiculous that i do n't even have any words for it . 
  then they crossed the river and still found them . 
  brienne too . 
  she magically finds sansa and theon in the middle of nowhere and saves them . 
  then you have pod who somehow fights equally against professional soldiers . 
  redeemed jaime is not so redeemed . 
  the fuck is going on there ? 
  i have absolutely no idea . 
  doran ? 
  his guard ? 
  the sand snakes ? 
  not a single character makes any sense . 
  thorne 's motivations are just plain stupid . 
  he killed jon because he let the wildlings in ... 
  wait , what ? 
  if you wanted to prevent jon from bringing the wildlings in , you should n't have opened the gates in the first place . 
  the only one stopping the wildlings from ravaging the westeros lands and killing the blacks is precisely jon snow . 
  and i 'm sorry , but it seems stannis 's death ai n't done shit for davos . 
  ` what ? 
  stannis is dead ? 
  whatever . ', 
  i 'm sorry , i just needed to vent a little . 
  the first 4 seasons were absolutely amazing , but i have absolutely no faith in what d&d are doing anymore . 
  still , i would finish the series , but i doubt it 's going to have a good ending, 
  you ca n't pick up scent like that , at some point it gets lost . 
  theon and sansa should have made quite a bit of distance by the time ramsay learned of their escape and send the soldiers on their track .
