   and i suppose the person who mourinho made captain - a far greater compliment than a few kind words - has real good reason to take a piss at him . 
  ah but he wants to divert attention from his poor performance against watford ... 
  mourinho did n't make him captain , he was just allowed to continue with his role . 
   and he has nothing to lose either . 
  make he 's just peeved that he is n't getting played despite having been a rock in our midfield for the past 8-9 years ? 
  maybe he asked mourinho for a chance after the dismal performances of our midfield this season and mourhino publicly told him to sod off ? 
  i 'm not saying that either carrick or young are the culprits , because there is no fucking proof about the validity of the leaks or the fact that it had to come from a player . 
  and maybe it was jesse fucking lingard that 's been leaking information to the press these past 3 years . 
  does carrick look like a guy that 's going to bother himself with leaks to the press ? 
  he has never opened his mouth about anything and he has no reason to now . 
  when he signed that new contract , his role most certainly was stated and it was not as a first team member , that 's for sure . 
  so if you 're saying that carrick somehow signed that contract and then said to himself `` hey , wait a minute , i changed my mind - i want to play '' which is ridiculous in itself , then i suggest you drop carrick from your suspect list because it 's absurd . 
   where is the fucking proof ? 
  i see all these absolute statements `` rooney does this ... rooney does that '' but not a shred of evidence to back it up . 
  unless one of those journalists that rooney gives the information to goes out and says `` yeah , he gave me that information '' , i ca n't give any evidence . 
  no journalist is going to betray his source of information . 
  but :, 
  in the article it 's heavily implied that it is a guy that has played under fergie, 
  these sort of leaks started happening until fergie left . 
  to leak something like that the guy must have a lot of influence at the club . 
  this is not something an average joe is going to leak so that narrows it down to carrick and rooney, 
  similiar stuff happened to england this year - leaks of information , team sheets , etc. 
  surprise , surprise , who plays for england ? 
  the attitude of rooney is `` give me what i want or we 'll have problems '' . 
  it happened under saf , under moyes and under van gaal , and it 's happening now . 
  remember when van gaal told the press how `` angry '' rooney was at being subbed off ? 
   i mean it 's not like he 's been subject to a witch hunt every time he messes up even slightly for either england or united . 
  what ? 
  are you even following english media ? 
  he was getting praised for his performance every single time until watford happened when the media could no longer close their eyes . 
  80 % of the fans were criticizing him , but never in the media . 
  wayne `` the silent dominator '' rooney . 
   like when he spent a couple of seasons out left to accommodate ronaldo ? 
  like i said he has been asked to change his position more times than i can remember - cm , lw , rw , support and main striker . 
  yeah , and we have evidence of the fact that rooney was extremely unhappy with that , as sir alex himself said . 
   trust me , stats offer more credence to my argument than statements like this do to yours . 
  show me the stats of his sideway passes . 
  show me the number of times rooney has lost the ball in a match , please . 
  does that mean that mourinho plans to drop rooney vs leicester ? 
  i ca n't see any other reason for him to play him now . 
  probably . 
  there is no reason to start him against northampton where there is a much more important match with leicester in a few days . 
  yeah , we 're getting shafted by the referee 's this season . 
  it 's ridiculous how many times they should have given us something ( reds , penalties , whatever ) and did n't . 
  i hope rooney 's apologists shut up now . 
  he ca n't even do it at northampton let alone against a semi-decent opposition . 
  jose , i hope you played him 90 minutes just so you can show how shit he is . 
  also , i hope he gets benched against leicester . 
  get rid of him . 
  rooney is n't fit to play sunday league football , let alone in the pl . 
  standards have fallen really low if you are trying to defend that kind of a performance . 
  what a crazy episode !, 
  guess we can play decent football without wayne fucking rooney . 
  what is your irrelevant club called again ? 
  dinamo what ? 
  honestly , i would say his 2009-10 season was at the same level as ronaldo ( never close to messi though ) , but that injury against bayern destroyed him . 
  he has never been the same since then . 
  and ever since fergie 's last season , he has n't been united quality player . 
  happy i 'll get to see pogba and martial live , but honestly - i ca n't give a fuck about these international matches . 
  what is really embarrassing is this constant defending of rooney in this sub in particular . 
  it 's like some of you are bigger fans of rooney than united . 
  sure , he is united player and deserves respect . 
  however , in return he has to give respect . 
  you have all but forgotten how rooney wanted to move to city and was threatening the club and sir alex with transfer requests . 
  city ... our bitter rivals , and he wanted to go there . 
  then he wanted to move to chelsea and when that fell through , he used our club 's desperate position to gain himself a new contract of 5 years and 300k a week . 
  that 's fine and dandy , ronaldo and messi do it too , but at least they play well and deserve it . 
  if rooney performed as well , or hell - even good enough for united , i would n't mind . 
  he does n't . 
  he is getting paid to play for us , and he is getting paid very well . 
  he is n't doing this for charity or anything , is he ? 
  now considering his wages that are among the highest in the world , you expect him to put great performances and have amazing seasons , right ? 
  well , whatever our standards have fallen so low that that itself is n't required . 
  only good performances will suffice , but we ca n't even get that . 
  instead we get performances of a footballer you expect to be playing for sunderland , not man united . 
  so i suggest you all start supporting man united and want what 's best for the club and not for wayne rooney because this is a sub for the whole club and it 's history , not a particular individual, 
  no , rooney was definitely not good enough for united under moyes . 
  you could argue that rooney was n't at fault considering everyone else was terrible and i would agree , but he was n't united 's level back then either way . 
  as a striker ? 
  robin was better . 
  as a number 10 ? 
  as a winger or as a midfielder , there were a number of players better than him . 
  fergie also said lots of things - one of them was that rooney 's wages were way too high even back then and that he did n't consider him a world class player . 
  at the end of the day he flirted with city , our rivals , and then did it again with chelsea . 
  there are no excuses , it 's not like we were n't winning trophies left and right under fergie for him to be disappointed . 
  he stayed only because he saw that staying at united was what was best for his career - he continued to win trophies , became one of the highest paid footballers in the world and continues to play for united . 
  if that was city , he would have been shipped long time ago . 
  great news !, 
  i love this show . 
  it has the potential to be absolutely amazing . 
  that final episode of the first season was something else . 
  and it kinda reminds me of mass effect 1,2 , my favorite games . 
  fucking amazing series . 
  reviewbrah , so happy to see him on the front page . 
  really entertaining guy . 
  witcher 2 ( have n't yet played the 3rd ) , dragon age : origins , mass effect 1,2 , baldur 's gate 1,2 . 
  that 's it , pretty much . 
  honestly , this seems like a bad idea . 
  i fear this will be another czechoslovakia , but i hope i 'm wrong . 
  well , we do n't want you anyway .
