  what has been happening in the past few days is a perfect example of that . 
  you had a rally where a number of white nationalists went . 
  there were some nazis yes , there were some members of the kkk , but as a whole the rally was pretty much comprised of people that just wanted to show their appreciation for their culture . 
  and what did they get for that ? 
  constant doxxing , the shaming of people ( not even nazis , btw ) , the disavowing of children , constant harassment by the media and stupid brats who have way too much time on their hands , violence perpetrated against them . 
  these people have had their lives ruined only because they dared to say `` you will not replace us . '' . 
  all for what ? 
  for protesting against the removal of a statue of a person that was against slavery . 
  and it 's not like these people did n't have permission to protest , they had it but it still did n't matter , did it ? 
   long time ago ? 
  i am better off today because my grandfather bought a house through th egi bill in wwii . 
  he could start a business . 
  my father was better off getting into a school because of that . 
  if my grandfather was black a lot of those options would have been cut off . 
  come the fuck on man , as much as blacks had it hard in those days it was a hell of a lot better for them to live in the states rather than africa , do n't you think ? 
  and as i said , black people are not the only ones oppressed . 
  the turks and tibetans are being slaughtered in china for who they are , the christians in muslim states are being persecuted left and right , killed and raped without anyone lifting a finger to help them , the white people in africa have their lands stolen , their families killed and their rights taken away just for being white . 
  and all of this is happening right now . 
  now that 's oppression , what you 're giving an example of is discrimination , but not oppression . 
  oppression was back when they were slaves and that was abolished with the help of white people . 
  if it was n't for the british empire , slavery would still be pretty much alive and well in almost the entire world and blacks would still be slaves , but nobody is thankful for them about that . 
  all we know is how to blame white people about everything . 
   so they need to integrate , but you want to perverse whiteness ? 
  yes . 
  both are not mutually exclusive . 
  as i already said , i do n't want anyone to be deported , i do n't want to make white women stick to their race , i do n't want to force anyone to do anything he does n't want to , what i want is white people to be proud of who they are without being shamed for it ( i already explained w. 
  arguments that you have no answer to but pretend that you have . 
  it is funny with you people how you all claim to know better yet you ca n't provide anything to back it up except your typical arrogance and vague insults . 
   my insults are vague ? 
  sorry , let me be clear : you are fucking nazi scum and i am horrified i have to live on the same planet as you , let alone the same country . 
   and before you protest : the initial nazi plan was just separation too . 
  we all know where that led . 
  can you even try to read anything of what i wrote , or are you just incapable of ? 
  you first . 
  not like you 're contributing with anything . 
   yes . 
  you clearly do n't know a lot about world history , bud . 
  western european civilization was actually one of the late bloomers , as things go . 
  most of the things that western civilization relies on rely on older inventions from elsewhere . 
  human history has been a long series of stairs with the occasional tumble . 
  in the end western civilization bloomed when there was enough groundwork done for things to begin really building . 
  but even that would have been insufficient . 
  it 's actually europe 's bloody history of warfare and competition between nations with similar power that pushed everything over the edge . 
  china , for example , never dealt with such enemies - they had enemies but they were never the type to always `` one up '' their newest invention ; they had no need to . 
  in europe that slight edge was vitally important and that got us where we are today . 
  i think it 's you who has n't studied any history . 
  `` late boomers '' ? 
  i do n't think ancient greece or the roman empire were `` late boomers '' . 
  the hittite empire that rivaled egypt is also not a `` late boomer '' . 
  for the entire history of the civilized world europe has always been the top dog or one of the top dogs - the hittites , myceanean greece , the macedonian empire , the roman empire , the eastern roman empire , the frankish empire , the holy roman empire , portugal , spain , france , the british empire , the russian empire , present day united states . 
  europe has always been the top dog in history , to claim otherwise is simply to rewrite history as we know it . 
  the things you 've mentioned is only speculation about what might and might not have happened . 
  but at the end of the day europe would n't have been europe if not for those things and we would n't be having a discussion about this anyway if it was so . 
  you say these things about china like it 's some sort of a disadvantage to them , it 's not . 
  it 's a blessing because china did n't have to deal with the wars europe dealt with , with other nations who wanted to rule over it , etc. 
  china was free to prosper and advance as to their liking . 
  why they did not comes down to them , not because they did not have strong enemies to deal with ( many of the dynasties fell due to infighting and subsequent wars between various warlords so your point about keeping a technological progress via wars is pretty moot ) . 
   did you just fucking quote hitler ? 
  first off , hitler , second off he 's wrong . 
  pride in one 's own race is not healthy . 
  it 's dangerous . 
  it leads to you thinking you are better by some dumb inherit right that makes absolutely no sense to anyone else . 
  if you have to have pride in your skin color you are seriously lacking in achievements - which hitler was for most of his life . 
  yeah , because that was just the reaction i was expecting to get . 
  literally hitler . 
  but quoting a known racist like malcolm x and who called for violence against the people that did not fit his world views . 
  anyway , as for the rest , pride is healthy , arrogance is unhealthy . 
  there is really nothing wrong with being proud of yourself , your family , your people , your culture - whatever . 
  i do n't know where you get that notion that it is unhealthy . 
  it does n't lead you to think you 're better unless you want it to be so . 
  as for hitler , he did more than the two of us will most likely ever do in our lifetime . 
  to call him lacking of achievements is stupid considering he is probably the most famous person in history , for good or bad . 
  so fnny : dddddddd !, 
  upboted xd, 
  well , congratu-fucking-lations , you did 3 pull ups . 
  so wow , much benis . 
  aww fuck man , you caught me . 
  what the fuck am i gon na do now : dddddddddddddddddddd ? 
  can you imagine if this was muhammad instead ? 
  thousands of peoples heads would have rolled by now . 
  completely different players . 
  that 's like saying ronaldo is better than modric . 
  how do you compare them exactly ? 
  and how do you judge their impact ? 
  by goals , assists , what exactly ? 
  as i said , you 're comparing apples and oranges really . 
  modric does a heck of a lot more than ronaldo in the team yet gets little recognition because he is not the one scoring the goals . 
  netflix 's answer to got looks to be the witcher to me ... 
  the show is shit and i do n't have to pretend it 's not just to satisfy some nerds over the internet . 
  if you want only praise for the show , head over to / r/got it seems like it will be more like your kind of place . 
  point-click stun , easy mana regen via the blue card , better ult , better passive , an easier q to use ( it does n't require any positioning and you you can delete entire waves by it ) and an arguably just as good e. take rod of ages and lich bane and tf can delete almost any squishy with one combo w  q  e  thunderlord . 
  with taliyah first you have to position yourself correctly , then you must hit your w in order to do something and in a teamfight with minions around good luck hitting your q. 
  all in all aside from the massive dmg burst taliyah can deliver in the laning phase she is quite simply useless compared to tf afterwards . 
  slavery existed everywhere and conquering also existed everywhere . 
  were n't the native americans killing each other before the europeans discovered them ? 
  did n't blacks enslave other blacks before they were brought by the europeans ? 
   however , us was one of the last major western nations to abolish slavery and actions towards natives by americans were still very brutal . 
  and ? 
  the reason that slavery was even abolished was because of the european powers and their enforcement that no slavery would be allowed , especially great britain . 
  if it was n't for europe , slavery would still be legal almost everywhere in the world , i imagine .
