  do you really think you lived well during commie times ? 
  i mean , it 's not that hard to compare western europe to it 's eastern counterpart to see what i 'm talking about . 
  we 're literally decades behind them . 
  do you know what the difference between east and west europe was ? 
  should i spell it out for you or will you figure it out yourself ? 
  amazing . 
  i hope tyrell is n't dead , that would be a major pain in the ass after 6 episodes of not revealing anything . 
  personally , i do n't care if the game sucks . 
  telltale has a huge following and more exposure to the tv series is always good . 
  that 's kinda ironic . 
  the starting lineup makes me think that mourinho is lvg in disguise . 
  oh uck off . 
  first man city now liverpool . 
  why do n't they buy aston villa or something ... fucking hell . 
  absolutely amazing tv series . 
  it 's on par with the wire , imo . 
  what sort of bullshit is this ? 
  we have the la liga where 2 teams are fighting for the league every . 
  single . 
  year . 
  we have the serie a where juventus has been coasting it for the past 6 years without any sort of challenge . 
  then you have the bundesliga where bayern is completely dominating with no end in sight . 
  and yet you people are blaming the epl for this ? 
  the epl is the only big league that is competitive . 
  the big clubs like united or chelsea or arsenal do n't want 90 % of the tv revenue , we share it . 
  the top clubs are already sucking enough money out of the respective leagues they are playing , except the epl . 
  give me one italian or german club ( maybe besides dortmund ) that can compete with the top 6 from england ? 
  these respective leagues are increasing their coefficients mainly because all the talent there is clustered into a single team ( ex . 
  bayern and juventus ) . 
  and so when that team gets far into the cl , it increases the coefficient of the whole league . 
  that does n't mean that the league is stronger or anything , it just means that a single team is driving things forward . 
  besides bayern and dortmund i already mentioned , let 's check . 
  schalke , leverkusen , gladbach and wolfsburg are n't as good as chelsea , united , city or arsenal . 
  yeah , sure , wolfsburg knocked us out , good job , any team can do that in the cl or el . 
  i 'm talking about performances over the course of 35 matches though , and i can assure you neither of those clubs you mentioned will get close to the top 4 in england . 
  well , maybe last year they could since everyone was shit , however that was an one-off . 
  the italian clubs are even worse , no offense to any fans . 
  take for example the bundesliga table last year - bayern with 88 points while gladbach was with 55 points ( 4th place ) . 
  now if this is n't a joke of a league , then i do n't know what is . 
  honestly , i have a hard time imagining any bayern fan getting excited about winning the league , it must be just formality these days . 
  beat ? 
  yes . 
  beat them regularly ? 
  hell no . 
  feel sorry for him , tbh . 
  while he won the league , he expected to have a lot more success with us . 
  instead , he got moyes and then got shafted by van gaal after saf 's departure . 
  and that was another mistake done by van gaal . 
  what a shitty luck . 
  the new messi ? 
  fergie time !, 
  fergie time !, 
  this is one of those fm games where you have 30 shots and get 1 goal while the opponent has 2 shots and gets 2 goals . 
  fortunately , that second part did n't happen . 
  he is exactly that kind of player . 
  not long ago he did a stamp on david luiz, 
  why would n't these countries be viable except cyprus ? 
  genuine question . 
  it 's simple - you want him to do well and your team to win . 
  i 'm sorry , but when he had the chance to play for us , when he could have helped us secure a top 4 finish , he decided to play tennis with his girlfriend while feigning injury . 
  lo and behold , he is actually fit to play for germany when needed . 
  no , i do n't have a shred of sympathy for him , he did n't do anything for us , he does n't even deserve it . 
  i do n't expect much from our footballers , i just want them to try , to work hard , but when i see bastian , i see a lazy asshole that just wants to collect pay cheques . 
  it 's one thing to play bad but continue to try and improve , to help the team like fellaini did , it 's another to sit on your ass , collect your money and whine on facebook and twitter . 
  if given the chance to play again , i can guarantee you a 100 % that he will be the same guy that he was last season - unmotivated , unfit , waiting for the money to come and go play tennis . 
  deep down you know this is the truth and that 's exactly the reason why mourinho chose to deal with him in this way . 
  he did n't quit bayern , he was pushed out of bayern . 
  i have no time to quarrel with gullible fools , keep living in your dream land . 
  is it just me , or he can play like pirlo ? 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , he is a good defender and all , but i think his skills can be utilized better in the dm role : spraying passes all over the pitch , controlling the game , break off attacks and make stuff happen ? 
  will be interesting if mourinho puts blind in the dm role and baily and smalling as defense . 
  lmfao , he really wants that new contract , huh ? 
  dropping our name like mourinho would ever want him ... 
  an absolute beast in the making . 
  this subreddit is full of sjw . 
  the amount of downvotes to people who said the most sensible things are astonishing . 
  you go to one football game and you 'll see how many insults are thrown at any given referee constantly . 
  does that mean that that referee should stop the game every 5 min because someone insulted him ? 
  fuck off with that bullshit . 
  this is not sexist or anything , it 's just common logic . 
  so only the italian serie a from the major leagues did n't go ... 
  anyway , happy that the pl is on that list . 
  this new format is absolute bullshit that should n't be allowed in any way . 
  it ruins the game . 
  `` it is unfortunate but i am the manager of the most famous club in the world . 
  not newcastle , a wee club in the north-east . '', 
  my favorite . 
  let 's be real here . 
  that 's mostly because juventus at the moment are a super team that 's driving the league forward . 
  it 's not because inter or milan , or lazio , or fiorentina , or roma are any good ... 
  souness gave an absolutely perfect analysis . 
  kinda surprised , but he was correct on almost everything he said , especially those two penalties clattenburg did n't give us . 
  what i hate most about rooney is that we are playing a system that does n't suit us just so we can accommodate him into the team . 
  probably the same reason why rooney plays - who the fuck knows ? 
  great episode . 
  that last scene was an absolute beauty . 
  the wire - season 3 , episode 11 - middle ground, 
  the whole episode was absolutely amazing from start to finish , but that ending ... never expected that to happen . 
  believe me , you should finish the first season and then decide if you want to continue watching it . 
  the finale is absolutely amazing , shit goes down .
