  killing people for fun or being a sadistic fuck has never been okay in society . 
  that of course does n't mean that they did n't exist , many kings and conquerors were batshit crazy and evil . 
  they can easily cut the most graphic scenes and leave it to imagination . 
  i mean it 's not perfect , but it 'll be a hell of a lot better than what we have right now . 
  i hope berserk 's increasing popularity helps in this regard , but it 's probably wishful thinking . 
  about the whole racism thing . 
  are n't the gypsies basically the lowest caste of india ? 
  you 're more racist towards them than we are . 
  and i find that most indians look different from gypsies . 
  you 'll be entirely fine , nobody here will touch you because you look more swarthy . 
  the chance is as low as some frenchman beating you because you look foreign . 
  especially a girl ... 
  but if you kill the terrorists , they win . 
  so what are we supposed to do ? 
  well , imo kevin has to be one of the most compelling and interesting characters ever seen on tv or movies . 
  his whole depression and loneliness was truly unique and quite realistic ( i might say ) . 
  sure , the `` depressed character '' trope is an often one , but to me it always looked fake and clich\u00e9 , until i found the leftovers . 
  i also love how his christ persona came about - by sheer luck of coincidences , being at the right place at the right time and luck . 
  and yet still open to our imagination - we could still believe that he was the messiah as the `` flood '' presumably stopped after kevin nuked the `` afterlife '' and the fact that he resurrected himself god knows how many times . 
  it 's a perfect represantation of how faith forms . 
  and it was beautfiul . 
  unfortunately the ending seemed kinda weak to me . 
  the relationship between kevin and nora just seemed quite forced in that final episode . 
  they just never felt that much in love in each other for me to believe that kevin searched for her all this time and still loved her . 
  during their relationship kevin was always fucking depressed and searching for meaning while nora did n't care much about kevin and more about herself and what she lost . 
  i do n't know , it felt clich\u00e9d , something this series managed to stray from until this finale . 
  i would have preferred if the show had a bittersweet ending , or maybe even a sad one . 
  for example , kevin finally finds peace but at the cost of losing nora and nora 's fate left to our imagination after the device . 
  but that 's just me . 
  the overall theme is probably fate and how much people are tied to that said fate , and what they can do to change it . 
  basically guts ' story . 
  aside from that themes like suffering , morality , the length one man will go to achieve his aims , love , friendship , and every other human emotion under the sun , are also explored . 
  berserk is a dark story , but it is n't as simple as negative or positive , the story is too complex for it to be that simple . 
  he is n't a sinister ruler . 
  we have no idea what he is at the moment ( besides being femto ) or what his plans are . 
  no , that 's not what happened . 
  the god hand manipulated griffith with the notion that if he did n't make the sacrifice , the people that followed him and died during all of those years as the leader of the both would all have been for naught . 
  the child that died for him , which i do n't know if you remember , affected griffith a lot ( which should put the notion that he was a psychopath at rest ) , and everyone else . 
  it was more like :, 
  `` so many people have died for your cause , so much bloodshed has been shed in your name , are you really going to let the deaths of all those you lost go in vain just because you do n't want to pile a few corpses more ? 
  you 've made it all this way and you 're going to turn back now ? '' . 
  so the main point here is that griffith did n't do the eclipse mainly for himself , but to honor the memory of those he lost and what he perceived they would have wanted ( now whether they would have wanted that or not is n't very important here , what griffith himself thinks is important ) . 
  also , how do you figure that griffith was a sociopath when the whole point of the golden age arc was griffith and guts ' relationship and how deeply that affected griffith , to the point of doing something he would have never done otherwise ? 
  furthermore when the king himself locked griffith in his dungeon and talked to him about charlotte , griffith looked absolutely resigned from this world already and basically insulted the king in his face , even though that would have sealed his faith completely ( he could have been spared the additional torture , at least ) . 
  these are not the actions of a sociopath , these are the actions of an absolutely emotionally damaged man to the point of being broken . 
  and one more thing , when he sees guts again , even though he blames him for his misfortunes , he still embraces him and acts like nothing has happened , happy that his friend is back ( even though at this point he is beyond repair ) . 
  he tries killing himself to spare the burden of guts and before the behelit activates , griffith actually tries to push guts back , knowing what was about to happen . 
  `` stay away !, 
  if you touch me , i 'll never be able to forgive you again '' . 
  and then during the eclipse the sacrifice itself was n't easy to make for him , as the god hand certainly did their best to manipulate him . 
  there are other things to note like saving casca even though at the time she was n't useful to him nor did he want her proving he is n't anywhere close to being a psychopath , but that should be enough . 
  no , his first heroic action was when he decided to save the girls that were about to be killed by gouketsu and his minions , thus putting himself in harms way . 
  he said that he did it so he could go on a date with them , but come on , suiryu can get pretty much any damn girl he pleases . 
  he said it to look cool , probably . 
  his second heroic action was refusing gouketsu 's offer even though he knew that gouketsu was a lot stronger than him and could have resulted in his death . 
  his reasoning , albeit selfish , still counts as heroic . 
  in that case you 'll have no problem at all , especially if you 're single . 
  more than enough for middle class . 
  that 's hastasiempre , the local russophile troll who has like 10 accounts . 
  he is so miserable and stupid that he dislikes anyone who likes bulgaria . 
  the movies eclipse is what got me into reading berserk . 
  and it 's really the best version , imo . 
  i mean let 's analyze your points since i 'm mainly on the `` griffith did nothing wrong besides raping casca '' side . 
  first off , the fact that you think that griffith thought guts as a pet - that 's simply not true . 
  griffith was hurt by guts not because he chose to leave , but because he left without giving a single reason of doing so , making griffith himself think that guts hated him . 
  imagine your best friend suddenly packing his bags and leaving you while you 're at the top without wanting to explain anything to you . 
  how would you take it ? 
  how was griffith supposed to know what guts was thinking ? 
  second , the part in which you say `` griffith 's aimbition was more important than everything else '' which is absolutely false after he met guts . 
  that 's further proven when he his body was broken and he had no way of gaining it back and he was still happy of seeing guts and being his friend . 
  it 's only when guts implied that he would abandon him again when griffith decided to kill himself and thus activating the behelit . 
  third , the both were n't some innocent people in walmart , that 's not an apt comparison . 
  they were killers , mercenaries for hire and you can bet they did some raping on the side . 
  this is n't some fairy tale , my friend , these people were ready to abandon griffith and follow guts the second they saw that griffith was too weak to lead him . 
  they were n't with griffith because of his dream , they were because he brought them great profits and fame . 
  you 're projecting the core of the both ( griffith 's most loyal followers and close circle ) to the whole both . 
  fourth , in the part with charlotte you admit that guts leaving him hurt him so bad that he could n't even act rationally anymore . 
  that goes against everything you 're saying about guts being a pet . 
  and finally , i do n't think anybody is excusing the rape of casca , but we have to remember that griffith was n't `` griffith '' anymore . 
  as void put it , after the transformation into a god hand none of his previous emotions would be left , the only thing left would be the darkness , or something of the sort . 
  furthermore , you have the notion that griffith planned everything from the beginning , as aizen would put it `` just according to keikaku '' . 
  that 's not true , as even though charlotte was a pawn of his , his close circle of friends were definitely not , and that was why he could make the sacrifice . 
  also , even though charlotte is a pawn , she is far better of with griffith than with her father , i think we can all agree on that . 
  and we do n't know anything about falconia at the moment , or griffith 's plans for that matter . 
  whether falconia is one big sacrifice or some kind of a plan of griffith to destroy the idea of evil is simply speculation . 
  until we know for sure we can not use any of that for or against griffith . 
  your video is nice , i liked it , i also upvoted this thread , but whether griffith did anything wrong or not is purely opinion based . 
  some people like me think griffith was justified into doing what he did ( until we get to see the end of the story and what femto is about to do ) and others believe that killing anybody is never justified . 
  that 's what makes griffith such a fascinating character . 
  for example , i would like to give an example from one episode of the leftovers ( a tv series ) in which a lady asks nora ( main character ) whether she would allow a baby to be killed if that would cure cancer . 
  interesting question since even though you would save the lives of millions - babies , children , teens , adults , you would still have to kill that one baby to do it . 
  for me i would say yes because i would save millions of lives , but some people wo n't be able to do it no matter what is put on the table . 
   it is clear he thinks he has a right to claim ownership of his life . 
  no , it implies that griffith has an obsession with guts and wo n't let him go no matter the circumstances . 
  he says `` do you want to leave me this badly ? 
  i 'll not permit it , i 'll not let you go '' . 
   at the end of volume 8, 
  because they made an agreement , an agreement that guts himself agreed to . 
  as for the second part , you 're implying that guts ever said a word on his reason of leaving , he said he 's just leaving . 
  he talked to all of the both before leaving and he never gave any reason for doing so .
