  about the river thing - the whole point of theon passing through the river is that the soldiers could n't follow them because of the dogs and the horses . 
  let 's say they found a way to bypass the river ( somehow ) , they still found them way faster than it should have been . 
  i 'm not even nitpicking here , it 's just plot holes after plot holes . 
  and i could have mentioned a couple of more things in my previous post like how the khal believed daenerys without any proof , or the fact that jorah found a ring in the middle of nowhere . 
  there are more , but you get the point . 
  it 's mainly because of the hiatuses . 
  not many people want to wait 1 year for a chapter , if you 're lucky . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , pre-fme arc guts was n't a good person at all . 
  just because he is the main character does n't make him a good person . 
  i do n't even feel the need to point out the despicable things he did and said during the early arcs . 
  but i never said he was despicable for the whole series . 
  actually , to me , that 's what makes him so interesting - it 's the fact that he is a morally gray character , and not a borderline saint . 
  let 's not make this great story a good vs evil one , it 's way more complicated than that , and that 's a good thing . 
  tbh , i have a feeling most here just see this story in a very simplistic way . 
  like i said in another thread , this is not a story about good vs evil , it 's way beyond that . 
  griffith was not pure evil before he became femto , guts is not a saint , and most of guts 's group are n't some jolly travelers . 
  nationalistic delusions . 
  why are you lying , mate ? 
  your account is newly created and there is a post there in which you said , `` i 'm a turk '' . 
  so either you lied in your other post , or you lie now . 
  what 's the point though ? 
  what 's sane about it ? 
  so europe is to fault for turkey picking erdogan and descending into dictatorship ? 
  the last elections erdogan gained even more support than before . 
  and insulting turkey 's neighbors also does n't help one bit . 
  what he said is n't even true . 
  hey mate , i 'm from bulgaria , sofia and what you just said is n't true . 
  while indeed the uk is more wealthy , the difference is n't as large as you think it is . 
  i have been to london and honestly , i did n't see much of a difference in the living standard ( compared to sofia , that is ) . 
  now the rural areas in bulgaria are , quite frankly , pretty bad . 
  however , the ubran areas are pretty close to the average living standard of a british citizen . 
  i 'm only posting to shed a little light on this topic . 
  as far as i know , the average british citizen thinks of bulgaria as a nation of gypsies with a zimbabwean-tier standard of living , which simply is n't true . 
  i suppose your media has a hand in that . 
  farage , for example , came to bulgaria and shot only gypsy ghettos , talked only to gypsies , an tried to portray bulgaria as such . 
  that 's like me going to london , taking photos of every muslim ghetto i can find , and portray it as ordinary british enviorment , which is n't true , of course . 
  nevertheless , i quite like farage , even after all his shennanigans . 
  anyway , this post is meant only as an informative one . 
  i 'm not trying to insult or criticize any of you for seeing bulgaria in the way you see it , i 'm just trying , as i said before , to shed some light on a nation that some of you have come to see in a bad way because of whatever reason . 
  that 's it . 
  thank you and good luck to you all with the referendum , whatever you choose , 
  the reason oberyn managed to beat the mountain in single combat is not only because he was one of the best fighters in the world , he was also the perfect counter to gregor . 
  bronn wo n't ever come close to touching gregor , and even if he did , he would get destroyed in close quarters fight . 
  the mountain is extremely fast for his size and bronn , while fast himself , is n't as nimble as oberyn is . 
  in a fight anything can happen , but his chances are extremely slim . 
  under 5 %, 
  how ? 
  bronn would never be able to get close to gregor and even if he did , he would be crushed momentarily . 
  and bronn has never been said to be one of the best , he 's just very good . 
  let 's not overestimate his abilities here , shall we ? 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  legolas is an archer , he is n't a close quarters warrior . 
  and he ca n't `` dance around '' since bronn is proficient in sword fighting , he ca n't wield a spear like oberyn could . 
  distance here is crucial , the mountain has an unlimited reach , as in the books he is even larger than in the show . 
  show oberyn ca n't beat show mountain either . 
  you saw what happened to oberyn when he got a little too close to gregor and bronn 's style revolves all around fighting up close . 
  no , he is n't , he is an archer first and uses his swords as a secondary thing , very rarely in fact . 
  bronn may say lots of things . 
  bronn also said that one misstep of his and he is dead . 
  the mountain is 2.4 meters tall , almost 200 kg in weight and can swing a two-handed sword like a feather . 
  there is absolutely no way bronn can get close to him , let alone deal him any damage . 
  the reason why oberyn was successful was because he was extremely agile , more so than bronn , extremely prepared ( he was preparing for this fight his whole life ) and had an extremely useful weapon against the mountain , a weapon that allowed him to strike fast and from a distance without getting close to him , he was also one of the best fighters in the world , as said in the books . 
  remove one of those and it 's game over . 
  bronn is fast , but not as fast as oberyn . 
  he was n't prepared to fight the mountain and his style of fighting and weapon of choice are extremely counterproductive in such a fight . 
  he is also never said to be one of the best fighters , he is just very good , as i said in my previous post . 
  i do n't want to say that bronn has absolutely zero chance to win since anything can happen in a fight , but his chances are extremely slim . 
  i think you 're trolling me now . 
  the mountain s almost twice the size ( literally ) of bronn . 
  his sword almost has the reach of a spear . 
  i do n't need to mention that his armor is absolutely impenetrable to ordinary swords , and has only very small openings . 
  bronn needs to get close since he uses a sword , he ca n't keep his distance . 
  the second he comes close to gregor , he would get annihilated . 
  oberyn 's way worked because he never went close to gregor , he poked him from afar . 
  the only time he got close to gregor is when he got cocky and gregor punished him for it . 
  no matter how skilled bronn is , this fight is like comparing a full grown adult to a child ( let 's say a 20 years old against a 7 year old ) . 
  the difference in size and strength is way too large to be defeated by mere skill . 
  enron and general electric combined . 
  vagabond is absolutely amazing . 
  though i stopped it halfway because i started reading it immediately after finishing berserk and that probably burned me out , it 's still an absolutely great manga that i will be going back to finish . 
  after vagabond i plan on starting vinland since i heard lots of great things about it . 
  what i would recommend is actually watching the anime `` legend of galactic heroes '' , it 's pretty great so far . 
  and for a comedy , i would recommend reading onepunch-man or just watching the anime . 
  oh fuck , bless you !, 
  i needed this . 
  amazing episode , ca n't wait for the rest . 
  riz ahmed continues to surprise me , very good actor . 
  because of the fight against corruption , their growth has jumped significantly , tbh . 
  why does n't this ama have an upvote option ? 
  we need this on the front page, 
  oh yeah , this is just the balkans , not the us , canada and almost the whole of europe . 
  just the balkans , alright . 
  great chapter , i especially liked that final bit at the end . 
  i mean , it 's not like i 'm gon na have any luck convincing you of anything considering your name literally has the word `` communist '' in it , but ... 
   really ... 
  perhaps you did n't know , but our communists killed way more people than any of the former soviet satelite states . 
  they number around the 100,000 mentioned , yes . 
   well , if free education and healthcare , low prices and taxes , zero unemployment , factories in every city and daily exports of goods to other countries is a `` destroyed economy '' , guess right now we 're living in the stone age . 
  we 're living better now than ever before which probably tells you how much of a shitty thing the commie times were . 
  `` free education '' and `` healthcare '' is the biggest bullshit i have ever heard .
