  everyone can call themselves whatever they like . 
  present-day `` macedonians '' call themselves the heirs to alexander the great 's empire , but we all know that to be a lie . 
  ugh , the modern day egyptians can claim whatever they like , that does n't mean to be true . 
  most of them are arabs which the exceptions of the copts who are the true descendants of ancient egyptians . 
  the arabs have absolutely nothing in comon with the parthians and sassanians who were persians . 
  the chinese ? 
  they never called themselves that until recently . 
  most of them just referred themselves as `` han '' . 
  i 'm not getting worked up about anything , but notion that the ottomans had any claim to the roman empire is completely wrong on so many grounds . 
  anyone can call themselves whatever they want , i can call myself the reborn julius caesar , would i have any legitimacy or would anyone believe me ? 
  hell no . 
  kylo is terrible concept wise . 
  there is absolutely no meaning to him wanting to be a villain . 
  the only saving grace of his character is adam driver 's portrayal of him . 
  mate , did you really have to reply without saying anything at all ? 
  if you disagree , you should have wrote why . 
  if you do n't , you should n't have replied to me at all . 
  there 's no point in using the old `` yeah , i know better and you 're wrong , but i 'm not going to tell you why '' . 
  k bye now . 
  i would n't put much stock into that . 
  there 's really no evidence he did any of that besides that those were areas in which he operated in . 
  honestly , it actually seems kind of unlikely because as it has already said he never went in his way to hurt dogs , he actually brought a three-toed german shepherd along with him and that was ballsy as hell considering that dogs can be extremely unpredictable especially in such situations as the ear liked to put himself in and do the vile acts that he did . 
  he had to have a lot of trust in that dog . 
  great start , imo . 
  good episodes , not good as the first two , though . 
  great start , terrifying scenes as well . 
  which country exactly ? 
  they occupied bulgaria and installed a puppet communist regime . 
  and i could n't give any less of a fuck about someone else defending their country ( soviet union ) , that 's not my problem . 
  oh look , the friendly neighborhood troll with 400 accounts . 
  first off , the only `` fascist '' regime that bulgaria had is the one in your delusional head . 
  second , the party `` o\u0442\u0435\u0447\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0435\u043d \u0444\u0440\u043e\u043d\u0442 '' was marxist-communist . 
  third , the only books you 're reading are the ones made by karl marx , that 's a damn guarantee . 
  fourth , i could n't give a rats ass on southern dobruja considering that we 've lost far more than we 've gained - we became a puppet regime , with no say as to how our nation should progress . 
  bulgaria was forced to refuse the marshall plan of recovery because of that same soviet union . 
  and finally - austria is smaller than us and yet they 're ten times richer ... you wan na know why ? 
  maybe because they escaped communism ( i 'm telling you because you obviously do n't have the capacity to figure it out yourself ) . 
  now go back and complain to your brethren in / r/russia where your real loyalties lie . 
  and stop polluting this subreddit with your bullshit . 
  both . 
  45 years of constant propaganda by a dictatorship that came mainly from backwards villages and comprised mostly of criminals ousted our political elite with the help of the soviet union and killed anyone who was smart enough to know any better - scientists , politicians , engineers , industrialists , capitalists - you name it . 
  anyone who did n't fit in their communist agenda was killed or send to working camps . 
  bcp was actually a terrorist organization that blew the st nedelya church killing 150 people and wounding 500 others in 1925 . 
  they were persecuted harshly and were outlawed until the ussr installed them into power . 
  not to mention that party still exists - it now calls itself bsp and it 's the second biggest party in our parliament . 
  it 's one of the main reasons we 're not progressing as well as we should . 
  aside from that the propaganda still continues - most of our media and political elite ( former commies ) have close ties with russia and that 's because we did n't do the lustration that was required . 
  i 'm telling you this so you know how ridiculous this whole situation is . 
  but to return to your original question . 
  aside from the propaganda i mentioned , 95 % communists in this country that want back `` the goold old times '' are old people that just want to feel young again and they associate the commie times with their youth , so you have this strange nostalgia . 
  the rest are the young who were either brainwashed by those same old people or come from some extremely backwards villages ( surprise ) , are uneducated and ca n't know any better than `` russia are our orthodox brothers , our slavic brothers , they liberated us '' without knowing the details about any of that shit and without knowing how much they have wronged us during our history . 
  that 's partly in fault of our education since it too has n't been reformed from the old communist ways . 
  i 'm sorry , but to put any contribution to moyes for this is absolutely ridiculous . 
  he did way more harm than good . 
  van gaal is a different matter , he actually managed to get a top 4 place and win a trophy . 
  and ? 
  i hope you 're not implying that we could n't have won these trophies without them . 
  what makes you think that if moyes brought other players , more necessary players for that matter , we could n't have won these trophies ? 
  or if he had n't brought any players at all . 
  i mean mata and especially fellaini were good in the final , but they were nothing special , they did n't do anything else aside from playing well ( in this partciular game ) . 
  it 's just stupid to me to imply that without them we could n't have won it because that simply is not true . 
  besides we would n't have been in this position at all if moyes did n't fuck up everything during his short tenure as a manager . 
  did i imply fellaini did n't play well tonight ? 
  exactly the opposite . 
  and please , fellaini has n't become a `` force to be reckoned with '' , this season as a whole was bad for him , as the previous seasons were . 
  one-two-three good matches wo n't change that . 
  you 're quick to forget the numerous fuck ups he did this season and the disaster matches that he had . 
  as for mata , he was a luxury player that moyes signed , one that we did n't necessarily need . 
  is he good ? 
  yes . 
  do we need him ? 
  would we have won thes trophies without him ? 
  most likely yes . 
  so i 'll repeat myself again - it 's stupid to give moyes any credit for this because the only credit he deserves is dealing a great blow to manchester united as a club . 
   early success ? 
  they crushed pretty much all comers till political crisis and a succession question pulled them back . 
  show me one battle the europeans won against a main mongol army ? 
  they lost in bohemia and moravia , they lost in croatia , they lost in vienna . 
  in he second mongol invasion of europe , after europe adapted to the mongol tactics , the golden horde invasion which used the same tactics and was a larger one than the first , got defeated in poland , bulgaria , serbia , hungary and georgia . 
  aside from looting hungary ( and doing the obvious pillaging that they usually did ) the mongols did n't have much success in europe for various reasons . 
  the reason for the initial victories is not because the mongols were some kind of an invincible force , but mainly because of subutai 's genius and europe 's unreadiness of facing such a large foreign invasion . 
  once they adapted the mongols lost everything and had to retreat back . 
  boros had to be a god threat . 
  everything points to it . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  from everything we 've seen about suiryu he is at least s class hero . 
  and more power does n't necessarily imply that genos is better in any way as this is n't your typical shonen . 
  both have entirely different styles of fighting . 
  good news . 
  enough of these tinpot players , manchester united should strive only for the best . 
  good . 
  i do n't see any reason why we should buy him . 
  hopefully those rumours of our interest for him are not true otherwise that will spell bad things for our transfer policy . 
  the pace is surprising in a nice way . 
  i honestly expected this to drag a while . 
  the chapter itself is quality , as berserk always is . 
  i ca n't wait till casca and co get to the eclipse part , that 'll be interesting to see . 
  give me my coin back , cunt . 
  that does n't make joffrey , the mountain or ramsay any less evil . 
  the show is pretty much based on medieval europe and the people ( be it kings or nobles ) that behaved like this even then were thought as crazy and evil .
