   it 's a non-equivalence . 
  but you can pretty easily understand guts ' actions and the killing of innocents and causing the deaths of innocents , can you ? 
  it goes both ways . 
   again , this is not about how griffith felt deep down about his relationship with guts or whatever he thought of the situation during that duel . 
  the point is you implied that they were n't really friends and that griffith was distant which is not true at all . 
  their established relationship was that of guts turning from a curiosity into a true friend of griffith . 
  no matter what persona griffith tried to exude they were friends . 
  so i have no idea in what direction you 're trying to go here . 
   this is how guts thought of griffith after their duel . 
  also , they all knew what kind of stoic , strong-and-silent type he was , i do n't think the way he handled it was unusual, 
  no matter how many excuses you try to find for him in this scenario , it all falls flat . 
  not to mention that the first time guts actually tried sneaking out without even alerting anyone of him leaving . 
  how many excuses are you going to try and find for the guy ? 
  he was wrong , it is n't that hard to admit it . 
   it was n't just because he felt excluded by griffith 's speech, 
  it was . 
  you 're telling me that if he was included he would go out and do what he did ? 
  certainly not . 
  his main point was that he wanted to be griffith 's friend and in order to achieve that he would strive to be his own man without serving anyone , including griffith . 
  the thing is , he was already a friend of griffith , he just did n't know it . 
  his dream was that of continued fighting , something he has always done and continued to do . 
   you said it yourself ,, 
  huh ? 
  how so ? 
  he had a responsibility as he was a leader of the raiders and de facto second in command of the both , griffith 's most trusted advisor and casca 's boyfriend . 
  this was way more than just `` earning '' his `` freedom '' as the time with the both were the happiest years in his life . 
  and now you finally accepted that guts acted like a retard ? 
  because you were putting the blame solely on griffith in your other posts . 
  and rickert pretty much asked in griffith 's stead , but guts still did n't answer . 
  what 's the point of asking 1000 times when the other guy wo n't say anything ? 
   please go back and read those pages . 
  i just did and it 's exactly how i described it . 
  it was pretty much the whole group that went to guts , you can clearly see it during the next drawing where miura shows all of them . 
  unless there were some members hiding under rocks or something ... 
  furthermore , i 'm using `` they all '' because the both are mercenaries and mercenaries do exactly what i described . 
  this is also in the manga , so it 's not like the both were different kind of mercenaries . 
  some were loyal to their leader , but almost everyone was in it for the profit , as showcased . 
   indeed some toy . 
  but if you think `` toy '' is the wrong word for it by all means please replace it with object of desire . 
  does n't matter how you replace it , the point stands . 
  you can do as many mental gymnastics as you want , guts was way more to griffith than an `` object of desire '' . 
   i can understand the reasoning behind the eclipse , it was not just a random act , but it is far from justifiable . 
  sympathetic is probably the more accurate word to be used here , until we learn about femto 's true plans . 
  no , it was really not . 
  and the ottomans were n't detrimental to the region ? 
  are you fucking crazy or something ? 
  it put back the balkans far behind the rest of the european powers and started unecessary wars in europe like the wars against hungary , spain , portugal , the italian states in which hundreds of thousands of lives were lost . 
  the ottomans were nothing more than savage conquerors who produced absolutely nothing of value . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the crusades were started mainly because alexios , the byzantine emperor requested help from the pope in expelling the seljuq turks who kept invading and pushing the byzantine empire further and further out of anatolia . 
  also , they were as a way to combat the muslim threat that gradually conquered vast swaths of previously christian territory like egypt , the levant , north-west africa , spain and even lands in italy like sicily . 
  the guy you 've posted reasoning for the muslim conquests of christian lands is simply `` well , they were n't organized like the crusades so it 's no biggie '' . 
  this sums up his whole post . 
  newsflash , the caliphates tried numerous time to take byzantium as that is what muhammad told and preached to them . 
  even before the seljuq turks appeared at byzantium 's doorstep , the arabs always tried to conquer the byzantines and i hope you can imagine what would have happened to the byzantines if they were conquered by the arabs , the same thing that happened to them under the turks . 
  so just because the various `` jihads '' were n't as organized as the crusaders were ( mainly because of the political scene - europe was divided into kingdoms , while the muslim world was united under a caliphate ) does n't excuse the vast swaths of territory the arabs took from the christians and converted in the process . 
  still no evidence , still the constant spamming of threads even though as far as i know , us politics are n't allowed to be discussed in / r/worldnews . 
  when is this going to end ? 
  at this rate i want trump to get impeached so you absolute morons can shut the fuck up . 
  `` trump , trump , trump , trump , trump '' is all i see on reddit these days . 
  i just want more lynch . 
  whether he decides to stop or continue , that 's his choice and i 'll respect it . 
  i 'm enjoying he heck out of the new twin peaks so if he decides to continue , i 'll be extremely happy . 
  who cares what anderson 's political views currently are ? 
  he played that character beautifully and every scene in the lodge and with the arm would have been ten times as good as it is now . 
  yes i know , but it would n't change the fact that the show would have been better with him than without . 
  damn , another hiatus . 
  figures . 
  do n't know what to really think of this episode . 
  i 'm not sure i like the direction twin peaks is going . 
  legalizing gay marriage seems like some sort of a race between countries in this thread . 
  `` hehe , we 're the same-sex marriage now '' . 
  reading this thread has been , quite frankly , absolutely embarrassing . 
  i guess tomorrow pedophilia would count as `` equal human rights '' too ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's just their sexual preference . 
  every country and the people in those country haev the right to choose what policy they want to follow . 
  if they do n't like gays , tehn they do n't like them . 
  should n't be forced on them like `` haha , australia , when is your turn ? '', 
  like australia is somehow backwards because they do n't accept same-sex marriage . 
  absolute bullshit , and this is coming from a guy that has no problem with gays or same-sex marriage accepted . 
  what is `` age of consent '' ? 
  a 30-40 old pedophile can fuck a 16 years old girl and have her `` consent '' and that 'd be legal in some countries and not legal in others because the age of consent is different . 
  money that will be better invested in other players . 
  not to mention it sets a bad precedent - giving that kind of money for an average player that will probably be sold or benched in 1 or 2 seasons will make other clubs go like `` hey wait a minute , did n't united pay 50 million for that nobody . . what 's his name pantisic ? 
  well , let 's ask them for 100 million , they wo n't mind '' . 
  how is he racist , moron ? 
  can you point a single goddamn thing about his webm that appears racist to you ? 
  absolutely degenerate . 
  yeah , like ali was n't a big racist himself . 
  but it 's okay when you 're black . 
  let 's cheer him up , he was just a misunderstood little boy . 
  oh so the evil white man is oppressing him ? 
  maybe his race should have stayed in africa instead of enjoying what the white man built then ? 
  i do n't give a fuck . 
  if he did n't like his country and if he considered himself a foreigner and a muslim , he should have went back to his roots , otherwise he is a hypocrite . 
  he preaches morals about racism and such , but he is a racist himself . 
  not to mention that his reason is just retarded as fuck - `` they never called me nigger '' . 
  well , if he thought white people were racist , he 's lucky he did n't learn what the asians would have thought of him . 
  how can you excuse such a behavior ?
