thing is i believe there is a difference between griffith and `` femto '' . 
  - femto is , griffith never was . 
  he was a complex man who had his dream and cared for his men . 
  - that 's not true . 
  again , griffith cared for the men under his command . 
  - if you 're talking about the eclipse , i doubt many people would have refused given the life griffith led and the situation that he had fallen into . 
  you 're presented with two choices : either become a god and realize your dream while being immortal , or be this wretched little thing that ca n't even speak , walk or even use his hands for anything . 
  your face disfigured . 
  not to mention that ubik manipulated griffith into thinking that if he did not sacrifice them , everything he has done , everyone under his command who has died , would have been in vain . 
  we do n't know , if femto is leading humanity into it 's doom . 
  all we know right now is that something big is going to happen . 
  whether femto decides to help humanity or destroy it is up to debate , as the ioe said . 
  you 're delusional . 
  go get yourself tortured for a whole year and come back again to see , if you would n't accept unlimited power instead of living the rest of your life as a vegetable . 
  really , what a troll . 
  the only thing russia has ever done for bulgaria is help us in our independence which was inevitable anyway . 
  you have n't done a single thing for us since then , except to oppose us at every turn - the balkan wars , the world wars and to top it off , the soviet dictatorship during the cold war . 
  i think you should thank us a lot more because the language you are using is of bulgarian origin . 
  my friend , that is a ridiculous statement . 
  anakin is redeemable , but griffith is not ? 
  may i remind you that anakin killed hundreds of children and innocent people personally as well as ordering the deaths of millions more during his time as vader . 
  not to mention killing his own subordinates just because he was angry at times . 
  and his only reason for doing so was because he had a dream about padme dying and because palpatine said so . 
  he was also instrumental in the rise of palpatine who is evil incarnate . 
  also , he almost choked to death the love of his life , the very reason he turned to the dark side ( although let 's be serious , it was n't that . 
  he was just an arrogant brat all along . ), 
  nothing redeemable about this , no matter how you spin it . 
  griffith , although he killed his friends , was at the lowest point in his life with no escape except take the offer to become a godhand or live the rest of your life as a vegetable , a burden of those who once admired you . 
  also , girffith never manipulated anyone , everyone was flocking to him because he fought for something they believed in , and some people like corkus just believed they will get rich by sticking to him . 
  griffith is not some `` evil '' character that everyone portrays him to be and it 's insulting to miura who created this highly layered character that had his moment of weaknesses like any other human being will have . 
  and anyone who says they would 100 % reject the offer that the godhand made to him , if they put themselves in griffith 's place , are deluding themselves . 
  yeah , sorry , i had the sudden urge to correct your misinformed post . 
  as for griffith 's `` redemption '' , i just want him to stick to his principles until the very end , no matter his intentions . 
  that will make a powerful story devoid of clich\u00e9s . 
  chrollo 's backstory . 
  hisoka is my favorite and i naturally want his backstory to be revealed the most , but i feel that he will lose part of his charm , if that happens . 
  so i go with chrollo . 
  chrollo . 
  not counting hisoka as a member . 
  no , the gameplay wo n't fit the style of berserk . 
  the story , they can do relatively well , but the gameplay ? 
  bioware and cd projekt are the only studios i can see who can make a decent berserk game . 
  and yes , i know bioware have been screwing up recently , but they can still make quality games . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  causality made griffith the man he is , but he could still make the choice of becoming a god hand member or not . 
  many things happened to make griffith fall so low to choose becoming a god hand . 
  his best friend left him , degrading him by beating him in a duel in such an easy manner , not even explaining the reasons to why he leaves ( griffith thinks guts hates him ) . 
  he gets tortured for a year mentally and physically . 
  he loses everything from titles , to his looks , to his basic ability to function as a human being and to top it all off , the god hand basically appear at his most desperate moment saying that he can have all back and even more ( becoming a god basically , doing whatever he wants ) . 
  now most people i see here think griffith is some psychopathic villain that feels no remorse towards anyone . 
  while that may be true after he becomes femto , it was definetly not true during the golden age arc . 
  and i think you 're missing the point of the eclipse also - that was n't some easy decision griffith made , even after all that had happened to him . 
  he still had to be manipulated by ubik and the rest of the god hand . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that griffith became femto only because everything arranged perfectly for that to happen by the machinations of the ioe . 
  if guts does n't abandon griffith then the chain of events that followed would have never happened , unless maybe if guts died for some reason , however i do n't see that happening . 
  guts was the only one who had the power to make griffith act so stupidly , and even though he cared for the rest of the band , they were all still pretty much expendable . 
  thank you , walter . 
  you said what was i going to say . 
  just to add something . 
  griffith 's destiny was already laid out to him and that meant guts leaving . 
  i believe he would n't do the eclipse , if guts had n't abandoned him . 
  it 's simply not possible since guts is the only person who made griffith forget his dream and he is the reason griffith made the mistakes he did . 
  guts is the reason for why griffith became femto . 
  this was his destiny and guts was the integral part of that . 
  this was the only path that was laid out to griffith and there are no others , imo . 
  so it 's foolish to say `` what if guts had n't abandoned griffith '' since that is virtually impossible . 
  i think he and dodd where probably close when they were young , but due to dodd having to take part in his father 's crime business , he gradually started to change to what he was in his final moments . 
  hanzee probably started being disillusioned with him and his authority gradually , but not enough to betray him to floyd and bear . 
  bear 's words probably resonated with him to some degree also , but it 's clear those two were never very close ( for whatever reason ) and so he did n't immediately act on them . 
  it 's also highly likely that dodd manipulated him , played friends with him and kept him away from the rest of the family because he was useful to him . 
  hanzee is definetly very smart , but he also has a need to be loved , to be appreciated and to have a place somewhere . 
  dodd probably gave him that . 
  btw , i know this is n't topic related , but what 's with dodd 's hatred of women ? 
  did we learn what happened to his wife , i ca n't remember . 
  did he cheat on him or something ? 
  left him ? 
  the second point is absolutely correct . 
  even if he wanted to , he would n't be able to change his style like that . 
  it requires great deal of training to do something like that , as well as time , time which guts does n't have . 
  besides , i doubt even guts would be able to swing two greatswords efficiently . 
  wow ... 
  yes , since the first season actually . 
  the movie was amazing , but the characters of the tv show are way more fleshed out . 
  also , the scope is bigger so that 's a plus for me . 
  great moment . 
  the `` nope , nope '' meme in fargo 's universe . 
  great news . 
  i do n't remember boros being happy at the end . 
  yes , sure , he was happy during the fight , but it was only because he thought saitama was taking him serious . 
  only at the end he realized that the whole fight was a sham and so he became sad , just like saitama . 
  neither of them got what they wanted . 
  first off , there is no way garou is n't reformed . 
  the whole point of his arc and the ending was that garou wanted to be a hero and was n't really a monster he pretended to be . 
  to go back on that would be pointless and make his whole arc utterly pointless . 
  saitama 's words to garou truly resonated with him - from wanting to die to having a new purpose in life , to follow his true dream . 
  will he play a role in the future - definetly . 
  garou is way too of an interesting character to be just ignored and considering the open ending of his arc , there is no way he wo n't be back . 
  about him becoming an official hero , i have a different opinion than most of the fanbase . 
  i think he can truly become part of the association . 
  yes , the association does n't like him very much , but garou is too much of an asset not to be used , if he truly wants to be a hero .
