  you did n't get that from cnn , did n't you ? 
   i know it 's hard not to be totally triggered when i bring up a black organizer , but did you even know that malcolm x devoted his career to speaking against black separatism when he returned from africa ? 
  that 's why i brought him up , which apparently went over your head . 
  i 'm not triggered at all , i 'm just pointing the double standards . 
  if i point to you how hitler said this :, 
  `` pride in one 's own race -- and that does not imply contempt for other races -- is also a normal and healthy sentiment . 
  i have never regarded the chinese or the japanese as being inferior to ourselves . '' . 
  would you agree with it ? 
  i imagine not . 
   tell that to henry kissinger , lmao, 
  yeah ? 
  communism and nazism are stronger than they have been in a long time . 
  by lessening immigration , not promoting multiculturalism ( multiculturalism '' , stop the propaganda against white people and their history , stop with the notion that white people are responsible for the problems of others ( namely black people and slavery . 
  white people were n't the only ones who practiced slavery ) , lots of other things and neither one of which is racist . 
   are you one of these nazis or do you just sympathize with them ? 
  here we go again ... the same old , same old . 
   it is n't an argument against white nationalism . 
  it 's making fun of it . 
  i do n't bother trying to argue with positions people did n't reason themselves into ; there is no winning there . 
  so basically you have no arguments ? 
  might as well just say so instead of beating around the bush . 
   the rest of your comment just made my point for me : your only accomplishment is what others have done with no help or input from you . 
  thankfully i 'm not so sad , so i do n't need to give a shit about my skin color to have some pride in myself . 
  no , actually that 's you just projecting . 
  i 'm extremely well off , have a nice job , pay my taxes and help my community . 
  yes , i have n't discovered space-time travel yet , but does that make me any less of a contributor ? 
  the european culture was build by ordinary men who helped their nations grow in whatever way they could . 
  peasants , soldiers , scientists , traders , kings , etc. 
  each and every one of them contributed with something . 
  yes , i might not have contributed back in those times because i was n't born , but my ancestors surely did . 
  and i 'm contributing now in their place , and hopefully my children will do the same after i 'm dead . 
  so you can go fuck yourself with that `` but you have n't done nothing '', 
   first off there is racism there . 
  secondly lots of nonwhites are already in the us , so to claim they should be second class , or that you are for whites getting prioritized as part of your nationalism is racist . 
  actually nobody is even wanting them out , we want to stop people from different cultures coming en masse here . 
  now . 
  we do n't want to prevent immigration , we want to limit it so the people that come here will be able to integrate into the nation 's culture rather than form small pockets of their own . 
  and it 's not racism , really . 
  why is n't anyone blaming japan and china for not importing more people of foreign backgrounds into their country ? 
  that 's a valid question . 
   who is taking away your race ? 
  who ? 
  the constant nonstop propaganda by the media , the shaming of white culture and what it represents , the notion that anyone who is happy to be white is deemed a racist ( this thread pretty much proves it . 
  i 've already been called a nazi ), 
   who is forced ? 
  we are . 
  by the government , by the media , by the people that run our countries in general . 
  if you 're not for it , you 're deemed a racist , quite simple . 
   so slavery , jim crow laws , redlining , being kept out of the post wwii gi bill ( the biggest growth of the middle class that allowed millions of white people to buy homes/go to college ) etc was thei fault ? 
  i 've already answered that . 
  black people are n't the only people oppressed in history . 
  they should n't get privileges because they were oppressed a long time ago . 
   you were just arguing you were for white nationalism and then you are going to cry they are n't integrating ? 
  black people are americans and i do n't want to deport them anywhere , i just want them to integrate . 
  as for white nationalists , they just want to preserve their identity and culture , not to discourage others from doing so . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
   i 'm asking because i 'm curious if you are familiar with what policies not promoting multiculturalism would entail . 
  speak for yourself with the ` same old , same old . ', 
  all i see is `` i 'm scared of people who are different '' and `` i 'm the victim here . '', 
  what would it entail ? 
  civic-nationalism , a belief that people under one nation should have one culture . 
  a belief that generally will make a nation stronger for it , reducing infighting , segregation and racism . 
  a unified country with people from all races but with one culture . 
  that 's better than what we have today , do n't you think ? 
  propaganda about multiculturalism on the various networks and newspapers ( we see and hear about it every day , no need to deny it ) , forced diversity quotas , shaming of white culture and white people , rewriting of white history ( in games , in history books , tv shows , movies whenever they claim to be historically accurate ) , the belief that whites being proud of their race is white supremacism . 
  that 's all , nothing more ; nothing less . 
  the only thing government can do is enforce strict immigration and promote civic-nationalism rather than multiculturalism that they currently do . 
  other than that it all depends on the mass media and school teachers that fill our heads with mind-numbingly stupid and inaccurate shit, 
  nah , i do n't consider myself a liberal to be misled on anything . 
  if you have nothing to say , then just do n't . 
  no need to be all like `` yeah , your arguments are pretty shit but it is n't worth my time dismantling them so i 'll just take my leave . '' . 
  it makes you look like a moron pretending to be smart while infact you 're quite simply not . 
   so a mexican of swedish ancestry gets to claim pride in the invention of the telephone ? 
  how the fuck does that work ? 
  alexander graham bell was swedish-mexican ? 
  did n't know that . 
  far as i know if something like that happened , it would really depend on what he most identifies himself with - his swedish or mexican ancestry , or both if he would like it so . 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
   it 's not like that at all . 
  it is , actually . 
  by default doing what i am doing now is contributing to my society and my culture . 
  my ancestors did the same before me . 
   so you 're a white supremacist ... 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
   not all white people are my ancestors, 
  not like anyone is stopping you from being proud of whatever ancestors you have . 
  point is , white people should be able to be proud of being white ( if they wish it so ) without being deemed racists and whatever the heck else . 
  but the current political climate and media environment does n't allow it to be so . 
  typical answer from a guy who knows absolutely nothing and has no idea how to respond . 
  i get that a lot from liberals , wonder why . 
  or just your brand of white nationalism ? 
  you are ok with the non whites here , but they cant bring any over ? 
  would you be ok with a white guy bringing his irish wife over ? 
  mate , you 're having a hard time reading what i 'm typing . 
  i specifically said ** en masse ** meaning people in larger quantities than the country can assimilate . 
  yes , i 'd be okay with that because the irish guy has a similiar culture to our own and it would n't take him too long to adapt to the country . 
   so you are ok `` importing '' other races or not ? 
  yes , in reasonable numbers . 
  and not people that are unwilling to integrate into our society . 
   what is being shamed ?
