  furthermore , rwandan was n't some division in society , it was just a well organized genocide crafted by a couple of high authority figures , afraid of losing their power . 
  it had almost nothing to do with hutu hating tulsi or vice versa . 
  hutus did n't kill tulsi because they liked to do it , they did it because they were ordered to do it - if you did n't do what you were told , you and your entire family were dead . 
  which would you choose ? 
  it 's quite similiar to the holocaust , really . 
  what does it matter the reason of infastructure developing ? 
  they still uplifted africans from their mud huts into modern day buildings , from having absolutely no means of transporation to roads and cars , from having no access to medicine to having access to modern day medicine . 
  it does n't matter the purpose , all it matters was that it was made . 
  you 're talking as if the africans themselves had the necessary technology to develop their resources ... newsflash , they did not . 
  welp , cool , if the europeans let them leave all alone they might have had the means to use their own resources by the year 3150 , i imagine . 
  doubt it would have been any use for them by that time , however , since we 'll probably leave this planet by then or go extinct . 
  but hey , at least they would n't have encountered the evil white men . 
  you 're once again blaming everyone but the native africans for their troubles . 
  `` mind-breaking amount of racism '' ? 
  you have anything to say about the mind-breaking racism towards whites by mugabe and his clique ? 
  how he either forced whites to emigrate or raped them , tortured them , killed them and finally - took their property . 
  you have anything to say about that ? 
  but no ... the only racists were white people , apparently . 
  at least zimbabwe was a lot better and prosperous under white rule than it is now , not only for whites , but for blacks too - from the breadbasket of africa to the poorest african country . 
  this is not racism , it 's facts . 
  nope , not racism - facts . 
  are you meaning to tell me that africans did n't do what i said they did ? 
  really ? 
  how are facts racist now ? 
  because i 'm speaking my mind without pandering to some false illusion that africa was peaceful before whites came somehow makes me racist . 
  oh no , next thing you 're going to tell me is that the aztecs were peaceful and the evil hernan cortes came and ruined their peaceful society of mass murdering civilians in rituals in the most brutal ways imaginable . 
  nope , they were peaceful all right - africans and native americans . 
  and again you 're putting words in my mouth that i 've never said . 
  i never said colonization was fine and dandy and non-exploitative , but in the end it was a positive towards the development of africa and africans themselves . 
  you ca n't dispute that . 
  you can cry all you want about white atrocities and such but in the end - facts are facts and they ca n't be disputed . 
  machetes were not the only weapons used , they were using ak-47 rifles , pistols , etc. 
  just because they did n't shoot them in the head with them ( as often as they sliced them to death ) does n't make it any less useful because guns are the best tools for establishing control over a victim . 
  i know what the belgians and german did to establish control over their colonies , and while they are at fault for that , they were n't the reason for the rwandan genocide at all . 
  rwanda was a peaceful country for 30 years with hutu and tulsi living with each other after the independence . 
  it 's only when the government , fearing that they were losing power , only then did they decide to act just so they can retain their power over the country . 
  the government themselves probably did n't hare about the tulsi at all , they just saw them as a necessary sacrifice . 
  that governement was black , it was african and it had no relation to europe . 
  it is similiar to the holocaust because the tactics that were employed were similiar - propaganda against the jews , portrayed them as a reason for all the german suffering , for wwi . 
  after that the `` final solution '' starts - you must report every jew that you know of unless you want to end up like them . 
  how is that not similiar ? 
  infrastructure is infrastructure , it does n't matter how or why it was created . 
  to this day these africans have roads thanks to the european powers . 
  these roads bring investments , make the transportation of various goods way easier , ease the traveling of people , make resource extraction way easier for the locals which is a plus for them now considering the europeans forfeited their colonies a long time ago . 
  but the resources are still there . 
  i assume you know that africa without its infrastructure would have been stuck in the 12,000 b.c still . 
  not at their fullest potential . 
  they extracted mostly gold and used that as their source of wealth which is only a small part of what they had . 
  what horrific situation ? 
  rhodesia was a way better organized country than today 's zimbabwe . 
  it was one of the richest african countries , only behind south africa in wealth ( yes , the apartheid south africa ) . 
  racism ? 
  i bet if you ask the zimbabweans in what period they would like to live today , most of them would tell you that they would want to be back to their glory days were racism was common but nothing out of the extraordinary . 
  they had jobs , health care , access to education , decent wages , etc. 
  all of that is gone now and they are left as the poorest african country . 
  i know which one i would choose . 
  white farmers had so much land mainly because they were the only skilled workers out there , the only people who could grow the land and do something with it . 
  there is a reason why zimbabwe went to shit right after the evil whites left . 
  inequitable state in which blacks lived way better than they live now ... 
  sorry man , but that 's just stupid . 
  look at their country , just look at it . 
  it 's a failed state in all aspects , which a dictator in power that has no intention of ever leaving , children and elders starving to death while middle aged adults are trying their hardest to get by another day . 
  you think a failed state is a better than an inequitable state ? 
  sure , whites had a preferential treatment , but blacks could live and lived decently . 
  and if mugabe was n't such a retard and waited a little while longer things could have been reformed from within rather than doing what he did . 
  and zimbabwe would have been a decent country to live right now and not the hell that is today . 
  many things had a part in africa 's current state , but to put all the blame solely on europeans is bullshit . 
  it ai n't like africa was peaceful before they came , it ai n't like it was rich before it came and it was n't like it was going places , either . 
  at least the europeans left something after themselves , no matter the reason . 
  something that now africans can use and try to make better lives for themselves . 
  some countries are already doing this , others - not so much . 
  in just 100 years africans have advanced more than they have had in their entire history . 
  a century may seem like a long time for you , but it 's nothing in comparison to earth years . 
  ethiopia is a very bad example for a couple of reasons . 
  ethiopia has always had extremely close ties to egyptian civilization and european civilization . 
  in fact , they were the first to accept christianity as official religion . 
  ethiopia was already a civilization when the europeans arrived and was seen as a country close to european culture in many aspects . 
  vast difference from the rest of the african continent . 
  furthermore , you 're implying that ethiopia is not poor . 
  ethiopia was n't colonized , true , but it is still one of the poorest countries in the world . 
  i guess europeans are to blame here , also . 
  thailand is , again , a special case . 
  they were already a relatively civilized country that wanted to reform itself in the model of western nations . 
  it looked up to western powers and wanted to do business with them , were willing to make concessions when they had to and had no problem using diplomacy when required to . 
  what i mean was that they were willing to trade with europeans and have diplomatic relations with them . 
  you have to understand here that colonialism was mostly business-based . 
  the intention of the colonial powers was n't to occupy territories for the sake of expanding their empires , it was for the sake of increasing their wealth by trading . 
  if you wanted to do business with europeans , were willing to be diplomatic about things and understand where you stand ( compared to them ) , then you were left alone , like japan , for example . 
  but if you wanted to get uppity with stronger nations than your own or had no intention of trading and wanted to be isolationist , well , china is a good example of this . 
  great news !, 
  i still have hopes this comes back . 
  it was absolutely amazing . 
   there were conflicts in every part of the world . 
  the current conflicts stem almost entirely from the colonialism era . 
  what current conflit , mate?isis , al-qaeda , the dislike between arab nations , the hate between shiite and sunni ? 
  that has existed since long , long time ago . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with europe . 
  their entire religion is based on muhammad going around and conquering neighboring nations , and it has been like this ever since . 
  how were the europeans at fault here ? 
   shall i remind you of the numerous european kings that existed , and how many wars they waged in the near east ?
