  he packed his bags , ready to leave and that 's when griffith put his sword to stop him . 
  also , rickert asked guts about the reason why he is leaving in front of griffith 's face `` why are you leaving ? 
  why wo n't you give us a reason ? 
  do n't you love the both ? '', 
  during which guts does n't utter a single word . 
   rich and famous, 
  but this is all false , is n't it ? 
  guts was away more than a valuable man in combat to griffith . 
  also , griffith being unable to admit how important guts was to him is a lie . 
  griffith knew damn well how important guts was to him , that is exactly the reason why he refused to let him go . 
  if he did n't know , he would have just let him go and after that realized his importance . 
  that 's not what happened in berserk . 
  furthermore , griffith was n't distant to guts in any way , he confined to him his deepest secrets , he talked to guts and shared his thoughts on the daily basis , even at the ball while surrounded by women and nobles he turned around and smiled at guts , happy that he was there . 
  griffith was in no way distant to guts , that was what guts perceived going by the speech griffith gave to charlotte that he overheard, 
   guts never abandoned griffith, 
  what do you call someone leaving you when you need him the most without saying a word ? 
  and griffith did n't know about why guts was leaving , that was the whole point . 
  that 's why when griffith learns the truth about guts reason for leaving from overhearing guts and casca 's conversation he was visibly shaken , and almost immediately after trying to kil himself . 
   expect not, 
  except yes . 
  corkus is mainly the one who exhibited the angriness , paranoia and the emotional parts . 
  why ? 
  because without griffith he and the rest of his fellows amounted to pretty much nothing . 
  griffith is the one who made them wealthy and famous and without him they would all turn back to what they once were . 
  that 's why he says `` but once griffith comes back it 'll be all ok , we 'll start again . 
  as long as griffith leads us ... '' . 
  basically implying that they all relied on griffith to amount to anything . 
  yes , judeau is one of the close circle and certainly loyal to griffith , i never disputed that , but he is probably less than 1 percent of the both . 
  `` i 'll invite anyone who 's left '' implies that there wo n't be many that are left after they learn of griffith 's condition . 
  plus albeit judeau would have taken care of griffith , there was n't anything else he could do besides thieving at this point since there was a bounty on his head and judeau spent most of his life fighting . 
  so it 's not entirely selfless , especially since we do n't know what griffith did for him to join the both , like what he did with casca . 
   sure, 
  and griffith does n't ? 
  the point is that many people are implying that the both was loyal to griffith and griffith killed them which is n't true . 
  and the main reason they followed him is out of personal gain , not because of griffith 's dream that most of them did n't even know about . 
  they happily ditched him when they figured out he could n't be of much use anymore . 
   how ? 
  a toy implies that guts was unimportant to griffith in a grand scheme of things . 
  you 're trying to say that a mere toy would put griffith into such a broken state after losing guts ? . 
  a toy is something that you enjoy having , but in the end it 's not that important to you and losing it certainly wo n't make you suicidal , as griffith definitely was . 
  to imply that is to diminish the relationship between griffith and guts and to deny everything griffith said about guts . 
   nice moral relativism, 
  why is it not comparable ? 
  sure , what he did was wrong , but some people here think his actions are in no way understandable which should n't be the case . 
  say for example , griffith as femto destroys the idea of evil and frees humanity from its oppression , would that justify the death of corkus , for example ? 
  good post overall , but i would n't agree with the last part . 
  we really have no idea what griffith is at the moment and whether he can feel any emotion that he previously did at all ( void said he wo n't ) . 
  femto may still have the same thoughts as griffith , but he most likely lacks the emotional part of them and the feelings griffith had for others . 
  for example , whenever he saw guts as femto he 's mostly apathetic towards him , but at the same time he does n't really look out about hurting him , even though he can kill guts in a second , if he wanted . 
  it 's really too early to tell what femto really is . 
  the main reason for that is that berserk has been going for 30 years without any sort of schedule . 
  it 's a fucking miracle that the manga continues to be so popular . 
   no idea why you ca n't take a character 's words at face value, 
  i am , they can just be interpreted in various ways . 
  when you add the next line griffith uttered you can clearly see he meant this in a obsessive way rather than a possession kind of way . 
   their agreement was a direct result of a show of force and mere circumstances stacked against guts , also , they were like 15 . 
  yeah , but you 're forgetting that the both would have killed guts if griffith had n't stepped in . 
  furthermore , he was under no obligation back then to spare his life as guts just fucked their plans up by killing bazuso . 
  the point is , you ca n't use this against griffith considering that guts himself agreed to it , period . 
  second , while it 's true that guts was under no obligation to explain his reasoning , it 's a pretty shitty thing to do anything . 
  and it 's not like this is the first time guts has been an asshole , he has been an asshole through pretty much the entire manga . 
  but yet you can hardly see people call him out on it , mainly because this story is looked through guts ' eyes . 
  his apologies ? 
  what ... ? 
  `` i 'm sorry , bye '' was the extent of the apologies , literally a big fuck you to griffith and the rest of the both , the people he had been through so much and spent so many years with . 
   it is true . 
  i 'm not talking about how griffith truly felt . 
  i mean , come on man , this is n't a sitcom , you expect miura to write a chapter of their daily activities - where they ate , what they did on a sunday morning , what were their hobbies ? 
  it 's obvious they spent a lot of time together - the bath scene , the scene in which griffith confines to him about julius , the scene where griffith asks him if he is a bad man , etc. 
  there are plenty of scene that showed their friendship . 
  in no way during the golden age arc is it ever implied that griffith was distant to the both , let alone guts himself . 
  griffith during the eclipse says `` you guts were the only one who made me forget my dream '' , yes , an acquaitance will surely do that to griffith . 
  guts was absolutely fine with griffith and extremely happy until he heard the speech griffith gave to charlotte . 
  and he did n't leave because griffith was distant , he left because he thought that as long as guts did n't have a dream himself , griffith would never look at him as a friend ( well , that 's not really true ) , but that 's what guts thought . 
   more pandering to griffith 's emotional instability . 
  `` to withdraw one 's support or help from , especially in spite of duty , allegiance , or responsibility ; '' is the definition of `` abandoning '' . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  as for the second part , no griffith 's problem was that guts did n't explain shit on why he was leaving . 
  are you trying to tell me that if guts sat down with griffith , instead of sneaking through the castle , and talked about having his own dream griffith would n't let him go or would n't have explained his words to charlotte ? 
  i sincerely doubt it . 
  and it does n't really matter what guts thought , the point is this move from his part was an extremely shitty thing to do , no matter how you look at it . 
  you do n't just sneak out from your friends who you 've been through with so much and so long without even bothering to explain your reasoning . 
  i do n't where you get that last part about guts ' departure from . 
   most of the hawks relied on griffith to be who they were, 
  their admiration was for that grand , invincible persona that griffith created of the general who never lost a battle , not of griffith himself . 
  that 's further reinforced when they decided to abandon him after learning he could no longer lead them to victories and wealth like he once did . 
  what i 'm talking about is in the scene when they learned from casca about griffith unable to recover . 
  they all went in panic mode `` what the fuck can we do without griffith '' and later to `` oh hey guts , can you take us with us ? '', 
  with smiley face and all happy like nothing at all has happened . 
  remember when wyald exposed griffith 's body to the both ? 
  do you remember what he said ? 
  `` you thought you could rise to the top by following , sorry , but it ai n't happening . '' . 
  pretty damning , do n't you think ? 
  i mean , this is all in the manga , you can look it up . 
   oh yes . 
  plenty of people have lost their minds because of `` toys '' . 
  examples , please . 
  the relationship between reek and ramsay is that of a master and a toy and you can pretty easily see the difference . 
  griffith was willing to sacrifice his life by fighting zodd for guts . 
  some toy guts must have been for griffith .
