  why be proud of anything ? 
  i mean , from a purely scientific and formal point of view , anything you could theoretically take pride in may be result of pure chance . 
  intelligence , looks , physical form , education , job etc - random and external factors contribute to all of it overhelmingly . 
  an individual has certain responsibilities towards himself , including a sense of self-worth and pride . 
  since his family and his race are extensions of himself , he naturally has a responsibility to cherish and be proud of his race . 
  i am proud of my family , my country , my culture , myself . 
  i am proud of my culture and race because whites are responsible for bringing the world into the modern era and for nearly every invention you rely on - including cars , the internet , avionics , modern appliance , and countless other things . 
  if you are incapable of appreciating the race you were born into , that is fine . 
  you have elected to look on life as pointless and meaningless . 
  live that meaningless life and die knowing you gave nothing of consequence to the world , die knowing that your life was completely and utterly meaningless , die knowing that you belonged to absolutely nothing . 
  but please do not try and tell us how to live our life , what to be proud of and how we should live and what we should like . 
  while i prefer to live my life by honoring my ancestors by preserving what they strived to preserve for thosaunds of years , you prefer to live your life as an empty shell that has no place in which to fit in , and that 's all fine . 
  you make your choice , we 'll make ours . 
   i explained what was wrong with it . 
  white nationalists are almost as a rule closeted white supremacists . 
  that 's why they 're always talking about the `` power level '' -- they never want to reveal their actual supremacist beliefs in public , and try to hide under the `` nationalist '' label . 
  white nationalists simply want to preserve their culture , nothing more nothing less . 
  white supremacism is a result of whites being shamed in front of the entire world simply because of their skin color . 
  when you push people back , they push back even harder . 
   the different between `` black power '' and `` white power '' is that one is a reaction to systemic oppression , the other is the desire to extend that systemic oppression, 
  wtf does that even mean ? 
  how are blacks oppressed now ? 
  furthermore , oppression is a matter of perspective . 
  enforcing a policy of immigration on the native population without that population 's approval is n't a sign of oppression ? 
  berating that population about how they should be `` culturally enriched '' whether they like it or not is n't a sign of oppression ? 
  shaming them for their skin color is n't a sign of oppression ? 
  this may be news to you but black people are not the only ones being `` oppressed '' . 
  was a racist and a black supremacist . 
  but that 's all fine since he was black , black people can be excused for that sort of behavior . 
  see the double standards here ? 
   in boston today there were two dozen `` white nationalists '' at most . 
  the others are too scared or they abandoned their ideology because they are realizing its truly genocidal implications . 
  so much for the idea that shaming them `` increases their numbers . '', 
  yes , they are scared to go out because they 'd be ruining their lives , and unlike antifa these people are not funded by governments and other billionaires , they are normal people with jobs , family and such . 
  they do n't want to ruin their lives because of some absolute retards that ca n't take an opinion different than their own . 
  but if you think these people have `` abandoned '' their ideology you 're sorely mistaken . 
  they will be more careful now , converse on the internet , grow in even bigger numbres and soon you wo n't be able to shame them for their views because they 'll be strong enough to resist you . 
  you ca n't suppress an ideology by authoritarian measures, 
  cars , planes , the internet , factories , machines , the country you most likely live in ( no point in going on about this ) was all created by white people . 
  there 's nothing for me to explain because it 's in front of your eyes . 
  you would n't be typing right now on the internet if it was n't for the people you so much hate . 
   because you are for your nation , but only one race . 
  you do n't see a problem with that, 
  not really . 
  that 's like saying to a chinese man , or a japanese for that matter `` but why the fuck do n't you import white people in your country ? 
  why are you so racist ? '' . 
  i identify myself as white and i want to preserve my race . 
  what the heck is so bad about that ? 
  if you want a melting pot , why are only white countries forced those melting pots ? 
  why ca n't every country import blacks , latinos , whites , asians , whatever ? 
  why does it have to be only white countries that are required to take part in this ? 
   most black people ca n't point to a pre-american or us culture . 
  very few have a connection to ethiopia or nigeria . 
  but they do have a quasi common bond of being an `` other '' in the us . 
  they have a shared struggle of being the underdog . 
  a big part of that is their problem also . 
  many of them do n't even try to integrate in the american culture . 
  white people are not to blame here . 
   i suspect it 's not so much the pride in one 's heritage that all of the backlash is about ( cultural clubs exist all over the country , and have for a very long time ) . 
  i suspect that it 's the policies that white nationalists , aka white supremacists , are advocating for . 
  what policies are that ? 
  preserving their culture ? 
  ohohhh so fucking scary , literally hitler . 
  all white people do n't get to claim that shit as there own . 
  you could make a claim that they 're part of the heritage of the country they were invented in but in no way do all white people get to claim them . 
  that 's just fucking stupid . 
  the country that was created by white people . 
  anway yes , they are a heritage of the country they were invented in , but the people that invented them were white , as far as i know . 
  that 's like saying a random roman peasant could n't be proud of the roman empire because he did n't do shit in the war against carthage . 
   i 'm white you fucking idiot . 
  i would n't consider you one , judging by your posts . 
  being white is not only skin based , that 's the least of it , it 's also being proud of your ancestors and what they did , it 's also being proud of your culture and not be ashamed of it . 
  that 's your delusions speaking though as most on the right have never even proposed one of these things . 
  furthermore , it is absolutely impossible to do even one of those things you mentioned in the current day political climate . 
  what they talk about is enough with the white shaming , with the mass immigration encouraged by our governments , enough with the constant propaganda about how black people , for example , had an active part in europe before the late xx century ( rewriting history ) , stop promoting multiculturalism and promote civic-nationalism instead because a nation can not be build on multiple cultures , it inevitably leads to some serious problems as we are currently witnessing . 
  this is all we white nationalists want . 
  we do n't want to deport anyone or anything , we just want to limit the people that come here to reasonable numbers . 
  tell me , is that so bad ? 
  sometimes i wonder if you liberals drink a different kind of water . 
  nobody is arguing on a white ethnostate , we 're arguing on the extinction of the white race because if the world keeps going as it is , that will inevitably happen . 
  and it 's not about `` white women should have more babies '' or `` white women should stick with their kind '' , honsetly i could n't give less off a fuck about that , anyone is free to go out with whoever he/she likes , what i want is ( i actually explained this in my other posts ), 
   so now you 're justifying white supremacy ? 
  it 's amazing how quickly the cloak comes off . 
  you can call me cultural supremacist , actually . 
  white people are not superior to other races on the color of their skin or genetics but on culture . 
  do you deny that european culture is superior to all others because that will be going against the facts of world history ? 
  problem here is that you liberals prefer to talk with your `` heart '' and `` feelings '' rather than with cold hard facts . 
   systemic oppression refers to the social structures that keep groups in a subordinate position in the society they live in . 
  for black people in the us , this includes the criminal justice system , housing policy ( redlining ) , disinvestment and neglect , as well as the failure of the us to address the lasting effects of jim crow and slavery . 
  you 're talking as if white people suffer none of that . 
  newsflash , they do . 
  the criminal justice system , housing , etc are not only exclusive to black people , everyone suffers from that one way or another . 
  you now have these diversity quotas that put people in position of power not because of their competence but because they are of variuos shades of color . 
  is that not a form of oppression ? 
  at the end of the day , the world does n't revolve around the us only . 
  whites in zimbabwe ( the whole of africa , really ) , the middle east , other muslims countries , big parts of south america have been persecuted in far worser ways than you can imagine . 
  but nobody really talks about that . 
   if your white neighborhood got evicted and demolished in order to build a freeway for an immigrant group to commute to and from their racial enclave , then maybe that would be oppression . 
  except that has never happened to white people , it happened to black people in urban centers across the us . 
  that 's literally what 's happening in germany - white people are getting evicted from their houses in order to make way to the `` refugees '' .
