  probably the greatest boxer of all time , but a despicable human being and a hypocrite of epic proportions . 
  i do n't know why these kinds of posts are upvoted and cheered on . 
  the problem here is that he is a hypocrite . 
  he should have told it plain and simple : `` i think this war is bullshit and i 'm not about to die in a foreign land for nothing '' , instead he spins it out as some kind of a race thing , takes the moral high ground , acts all high and mighty , but he is the same guy as the ones he despises . 
  that kind of behavior is disgusting . 
  frankly , the only reason why he is liked and this thread has been upvoted so much is because he is black and had amazing charisma . 
   i do n't even blame minorities for being racist at that time , most of the american white race despised them and wished they were all dead . 
  the problem here is not that he is a racist , everyone can have an opinion and that includes the whole race thing , his hypocricy is the problem . 
  sure , do n't like white people , but do n't criticize them for something you yourself are guilty of . 
  and anyone can find a justification for his racism . 
  you think all white people hated blacks in the 70 's because of the color of their skin ? 
  nope . 
  most of them had their reasons too , but you 're not excusing them , are you ? 
  as you should n't be . 
  and ? 
  he could easily have gone back to the country he originated from , if he liked it so . 
  and they should be thankful because blacks lived a way better life in america , even with all the racism , than those stuck in africa , that 's for sure . 
   does n't matter what colour his skin is , he was just as american as anyone else was . 
  `` american '' who hated his country . 
  i do n't want people that hate their country to live in that same country , do n't give a fuck if they were born there or not . 
  it 's madagascar . 
  that 's where his family comes from . 
  if he hated america so much , that 's where he should have gone . 
  we 've already talked about the second part . 
  cool , i 'm currrently studying in nbu . 
  anyway , what you need is a medical certificate from your doctor ( you can take it from your regular doctor of your country or here ) , and then have it translated and legalized in the bulgarian embassy . 
  as i said , i believe you can take a medical certificate from a doctor here ( so you do n't need the translation and all that stuff ) , but i 'm not completely sure . 
  ca n't you call the nbu students department ? 
  they 'll happily answer you . 
  how the fuck are there no nominations for the young pope ? 
  the young pope and the leftovers 's snub really surprise me . 
  two of the best shows i 've watched in a long time . 
  jude law and the young pope should have gotten a nomination . 
  easily the best show in the past few years ( aside from the leftovers ), 
  ed harris being back is enough to excite me . 
  ronaldo bitches and dives in almost every game . 
  as for messi , albeit very rarely , he dives at times too . 
  pretty slow episode . 
  liberals usually are like that . 
  they pretend that they are oppressed by the system when in fact , the system works for them and with them . 
  but for some reasons they are unable to come to terms with that . 
  just compare this thread 's `` outrage '' and the confederate one . 
  if you look at this thread , there is absolutely no-one who is outraged about this while if you look at the confederate thread , it 's the exact opposite - half of the thread was users whining about how d&d were going to `` positively '' portray life in the confederates , even though it 's way more likely to be the exact opposite considering their filmmaking history and the current media environment that we are in . 
  considering everyone else gets a sugar dady , why ca n't we ? 
  i would welcome this because money will be poured into the club , instead of taken out . 
  and besides , the chinese are way more preferable for than the sheikhs, 
  first off , we 're already `` self made '' . 
  a chinese takeover wo n't change that , you know ? 
  second , in a perfect world i would prefer this shit with billionares taking over clubs to be banned , but considering it is not and it will never be , a takeover such as this is n't a bad idea considering that even we ca n't compete with the money such clubs possess . 
  third , i actually want a takeover such as this because i want to see some money poured into the club rather than taken out . 
  clear our debt , build new facilities and that 's it , the rest can be paid from the club 's revenue . 
  only in the show which is fanfiction . 
  stannis in the books is one of the best generals westeros has ever produced and he backs it up . 
  mlupmfpf is done . 
  it 's over for him . 
   redditor provides proof, 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
   then you have a mob of armed and armored nazis show up clearly spoiling for a fight and countering them is antifa which is n't exactly known for backing down . 
  melees ensue and it all just goes to hell . 
  that 's some absolute bullshit right there . 
  the `` nazis '' were n't the ones who started the fight . 
  stones were thrown at them , they were pepper sprayed , they were attacked with bats until finally they started attacking back . 
  and let 's be honest here - everywhere antifa has went , there has been problems . 
  they are a violent extremist group that always loots , attacks and destroys everything they can get their hands on . 
  you may not like the `` nazis '' but if you look at the videos of the event , you really ca n't blame them for anything that happened that day . 
  even the guy with the car who killed 1 person was attacked beforehand and the murder was quite obviously not premeditated . 
  this is like that one time in harry potter ... 
  did she see the jewish lampshades ? 
  actually lenin killed plenty of people , around 1 million to be exact . 
  might want to read some history . 
  yes , it 's real funny , commie . 
  read on the `` red terror '' and what happened after the russian civil war and during . 
  does that number satisfy you ? 
  actually if you look at the thread for more than 3 sec you 'd see that most united fans are feeling disappointed and believe he 'd be class for arsenal . 
  i remember the welbeck transfer saga from a few years ago , he was definitely overhyped and i had no idea why - he could n't score to save his life . 
  but as the arsenal fan said , he was a local lad so everyone jumped the gun at selling him . 
  at the end of the day it all worked out for the best . 
  welbeck did just as i expected him to do after he was transferred . 
  what is wrong with white nationalism ? 
  what 's wrong with being proud of your race and what it has accomplished ? 
  why are black people not ostracized for saying they are proud of their race ? 
  why is it only white people that get flak for this ? 
   i have no doubt some naive white people buy into this bait-and-switch in part thanks to fear mongering from less extreme conservative sources, 
  this is fucking funny though . 
  the media as a whole is extremely liberal . 
  a liberal 's deluded notion that the media somehow plays a part in this even though 99 % of it is , as i said , extremely liberal , is just ridiculous . 
  actually , they do play a part in it - by being dishonest they are doing the exact opposite effect of what they want . 
   that 's why we need to call white nationalists what they really are and expose them publicly . 
  and that 's why `` white nationalism '' is on the rise . 
  by continuing the same policy of shaming them you 're only increasing their numbers , really . 
  instead of conversing as normal human beings and try to understand where they are coming from , you try to put them down like some authoritarian dictator just because they do n't fit your world views on how the world should be . 
  the white supremacy part is backlash against the narrative that white people should just lay down and die while being happy that they are getting `` culturally enriched '' . 
  `` oh you do n't like that ? 
  then fuck you , time to fuck up your life in the worst way imaginable just because you do n't agree with us '' . 
  i think i got cancer from reading this retarded thread . 
  almost everything you see today is `` white heritage '' , you absolute retard . 
  nice argument . 
  `` pride refers to a humble and content sense of attachment toward one 's own or another 's choices and actions , or toward a whole group of people , and is a product of praise , independent self-reflection , and a fulfilled feeling of belonging . '', 
   why the fuck are you proud of something over which you had no control , again ? 
  that 's the stupidest argument against white nationalism i have ever heard .
