  great episode . 
  excited for next season . 
  ( my avatar should give that away , though ), 
  very good points . 
  i do n't know if it 's him becoming part of the god hand ( thus devoid of most emotions , i imagine ) , but he seems really depressed in almost every scene he is in . 
  it 's like he does n't know if what he is doing is the right thing , or even if it 's worth it . 
  i really do n't believe him when he says that he does n't kill guts just because , in his words , guts ca n't hurt him , i truly believe that he just does n't want to kill guts because deep down he still has feelings for him , even though he likes to pretend he does n't . 
  i imagine if he was given the option now to just be happy with guts rather than take the god hand 's offer now , he would choose the former . 
  hopefully . 
  i really like him as a character . 
  honestly , i think you guys are underestimating suiryuu a little too much . 
  in front of saitama everyone would look like trash , even bang . 
  as far as we know , suiryuu defeated every opponent he has met in this edition of the arena with one kick and he has n't even used his hands yet . 
  and we know that he has been a winner of the tournament for 6 ( i think ) consecutive years . 
  but the biggest indication that he is quite strong , imo , is when saitama told him that if he gets any stronger , he will get bored from fights . 
  i 'm not saying that he is stronger than bang , but to say that bang will defeat him with his pinky is a little disrespectful towards suiryuu . 
  saitama does n't care about the fame in itself , but he does want to be recognized and feel that he is appreciated . 
  imo , he wants to feel that he is loved and that his efforts are n't in vain , however he does n't like to show it much . 
  he 's an introverted kind of guy . 
  coming from atletico , a wee club from south europe , that does n't mean much . 
  great episode . 
  fucking crazy episode . 
  and this is only episode 5 you expect these kinds of episodes to be the season finale . 
  goddamn , this show is so good . 
  well , it 's obviously possible . 
  the hero association does n't even know about saitama and he is under their nose , let alone someone who is working behind the scenes or is hiding, 
  yeah , happens to me , too . 
  whenever a dog sees me it start barking at me , but honestly i love dogs . 
  i actually like animals more than i like people but for some reason they do n't appear to like me . 
  whenever i see animals getting hurt i get extremely angry while with humans it 's all the same to me ( well , except if that person is close to me ) . 
  granted , i 'm kind of an introverted , apathic person towards most things in life , however i ca n't for the life of me understand why most dogs shy away from me or bark at me . 
  hodgetwins . 
  if you want to laugh hard as fuck , they are the best . 
  yeah man , africa without the europeans would have been a shining beacon of peace and prosperity ... get real . 
  first off , if the europeans left the africans to fend for themselves , africans would have all been dead by now because they would n't have access to european medicine , technology , resources and whatever else you can think that they have today . 
  they would still be dying from minor wounds , polio and whatever else you can think of . 
  yes , many of them are still dirt poor , but many of them are progressing - like botswana , equatorial guinea , gabon , etc , etc. 
  i doubt that `` on their own accord '' would have done them any good since all of them would still live in mudhuts , throw stones at eacher other and practice their savage ways ( yes , i meant savage ways . 
  boo hoo , call me racist , but that would n't change the fact that they were savages when the europeans found them and some of them still are ) . 
  your analogy is absolutely ridiculous for the simple reason that africans were killing themselves in way more violent ways than the europeans did way before ze evil white men found them . 
  furthermore , what do you think would have happened if the roles were reversed and africa was stronger than europe back then ? 
  what do you think would have happened to the world ? 
  nothing good , i imagine . 
  so quit your bitching about the evil colonizers because you 're living in this worlds thanks to them and you 're enjoying the things they build . 
  if it were n't for them , who knows what century we would have been in . 
  no , no , no , no . 
  the conflict in the middle east and africa traces way back before jesus fucking christ . 
  shall i remind you of the numerous caliphates that existed and how many jihads they waged against europe and european territory ? 
  not only against europeans but between themselves , too . 
  shall i also remind you of what africans were doing before those same europeans that you hate came by ? 
  the middle east always ... and i mean always was a violent area were warlords were constantly vying for control . 
  hell , this century may have been the most peaceful for them yet . 
  borders had to be drawn for the simple reason of having some kind of a civilized society in there . 
  you ca n't let them roam and do whatever they want to do , claim whatever they want to - that would have been the start of constant wars . 
  some people did n't get what they wanted ( and i imagine you refer here to the palestinians ) , tough luck . 
  the world was never and will never be a world filled with rainbows and sunshines . 
  the palestinians were still given territory , they could have made the best of it . 
  instead , they chose the path to violence and that resulted in their current situation today . 
  but instead of forgetting about that , admit their mistakes and try to be better , try to make peace with the israelis , what do they do ? 
  they still support hamas , they still support the genocide of the israelis and every time an israeli dies , it 's like a national holiday for them . 
  the evil white men came and destroyed their `` peaceful '' , neverending wars , he uplifted them in many ways and for the most part - gave them civilization . 
  what you see today is the result of islam being incompatible with a civilized society . 
  it 's hateful and violent against anyone who does n't adhere to their ridiculous beliefs . 
  and they are ridiculous . 
  the syrian civil war must seem like something shocking to you , but before the colonizers came , there were constant civil wars and wars in the middle east , much larger than the one we have now . 
  in the end though , i imagine having relatively small terrorist groups than all out wars between nations every year as the better of the too . 
  but hey , that 's just me, 
  it 's ridiculous trying to debate these people . 
  all they know , when presented with facts , is to scream from the top of their lungs `` racist , racist , racist !, 
  le alt-righter , le nazi '' . 
  these people do n't have two brain cells in their head and all they know is how to insult and be violent towards anyone who disagrees with their opinion . 
  jontron was aboslutely correct when he said that and many other things . 
  yes , he should have presented himself better , but that does n't make him wrong in stating those things . 
  but in the end he is proud of who he is , proud of his culture , states the facts as they are and that makes him somehow racist . 
  gee , they should learn some other words because all they do when confronted with facts is , in the words of the great sjw aids skrillex , `` you 're a fucking white male '' . 
  yeah , and the whole african continent consisted of how big of a population ? 
  certainly was n't a billion , rising extremely fast . 
  you 're taking my words way too literally . 
  my point was that the current population of africa would have been a lot lower than it is right now and provided the europeans did n't help them at all and just ignored them completely , they would still throw stones and sticks at each other while living in mud huts . 
  people in africa lived perfectly fine ? 
  in what world , man ? 
  as i said already , they killed each other in the most violent ways way before the whites came , they sold slaves to europe and owned and sold black slaves between each other way before the whites came to their continent . 
  the only difference was is that they did n't have the technology or resoruces to wage war against each other but it was the same shit as it has always been - one tribe against another . 
  drained all their resources ? 
  their resources are still there , nothing is drained . 
  this is n't civ 5 , resources are n't just drained like that . 
  problem is most african nation ca n't ues them to develop themselves due to corruption and incompetency ( they had those two things way before europeans came ) , so instead they blame whites for their problems . 
  is zimbabwe better now than it was when whites were rulling it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  some nations , like gabon for example , are using those same resources they 've always had and are perfoming reasonably well . 
  guess the europeans did n't drain their resources . 
  that bantu tribesman that you 're talking about would have probably been busy killing some innocent civilian in the most violent ritual you can imagine , so yes ... 
  i think you 're right on that . 
  it 's been more than 50 years since the european powers relinquished control of their colonies voluntarily and yet we see the same thing that we 've always seen - black men killing black men , just with way more technology now . 
  i wanted to say '' most likely '' , however i did use a hyperbole of sorts which was my fault for not explaining myself clearly . 
  but the point still stands - if it was n't for the europeans africa would have had a relatively small population and we would n't worry now about overpopulation . 
  am i correct in making that statement ? 
  here we go blaming the white men again for something the rwandans did to themselves . 
  how many times should i say this - africans were killing each other way before europeans even knew about the continent itself . 
  the only thing you can blame europeans is they gave them the weapons to do it in in a larger scale .
