  is it because expansionist empires tend to expand in - gasps - places that they border ? 
  remind me . 
  do you really want me to compare the crusades against the jihad 's waged against europe ? 
  you certainly wo n't like the result . 
  for the 3 crusades against the islamic world , there are like 100 against europe . 
  and the european crusades were started as a defensive measure against muslims conquering european territory and holy sites . 
   except for those long periods of times in the rashidun/abbasad/ottoman calips . 
  compared to the dark ages in europe , the islamic world had far less war , far more wealth , and far more literature/art/science . 
  first off , that 's a damn lie . 
  the caliphates you 've mentioned , or any caliphates for that matter , were never peaceful . 
  they still waged war against many countries , against europe and they became as big as they became not exactly because they conquered their rivals . 
  are you really trying to tell me that the ottomans were peaceful ? 
  on what fucking planet , man ? 
  the islamic world was more advanced during the dark ages exactly because they '' '' '' `` preserved '' '' '' '' '' ( i call that stealing ) ancient roman and greek texts and used them to advance themselves while europe was left shattered by the fall of the roman empire and the frankish empire later on . 
   ya , the arabs had no civilization before the white man came . 
  just a constant barbarian horde , going from town to town , raping and pillaging . 
  had civilization , yes , but was n't a very good one . 
  and it became worse as the time went by . 
  you 're right on the second part though , they sure did n't mind waging wars frequently against each other and against foreign powers . 
   almost no one got what they wanted . 
  they were given independence , what more do you want ? 
  a `` white guilt '' contributions of a couple billions every year ? 
  oh wait , that 's actually happening today . 
  fact is , every country was released voluntarily and given a chance to make something better for themselves , instead we know what path they chose . 
  this is n't the lord of the rings , this is real life were nothing is perfect and nothing is given on a silver platter . 
   lmao, 
   like the many christians , jews and atheists who lived in baghdad during much of the early islamic era ? 
  and paid jizya tax and did n't have the same privileges as the muslims had , right ? 
  many christians continue to live in baghdad still , that does n't mean they live well , does it ? 
   you know fuck all about history . 
  and ... your point ? 
  europe was advancing at rapid pace while the middle east was one big desert with nothing in it . 
  europe is still advancing , still the best place in the world to live while the middle east is ... ? 
  but that was n't my point at all . 
  my point is that the current problems in the middle east have nothing to do with europe and more to do with islam and it 's followers . 
  am i wrong ? 
  read the top comments and honestly , the people of this subreddit are absolutely disgusting . 
  it 's just the same thing over and over and over again - `` you 're fucking racist and you need to apologize immediately otherwise we 're going to cry until the world ends ! '' . 
  get a grip , people . 
  i do n't know why you all think that your opinion is more relevant than his . 
  calling him a bigot when what you 're doing is the exact definition of bigotry . 
  you ca n't take any opinion other than your own `` progressive '' sjw one . 
  whenever someone starts arguing with you , like the peaceful people that you preach that you are , open to all opinions ( yeah right ) , you immediately start attacking him with `` racist , bigot , sexist , a fucking white male , your opinion is irrelevant '' . 
  and that 's the whole problem with you - for some odd reason you ca n't think for a second `` hey , wait a minute , maybe i 'm in the wrong ... '' or at least i 'm gon na have a debate about it and see why you think the way that you do and why i think the way that i do . 
  you guys are like a broken record and jontron does n't owe you a thing . 
  if you want to stop watching his videos or unsubscribe from him , go ahead , he will survive without you . 
  hell , he might even be better for it . 
  unfortunately , i doubt there is a cure for your sad , pathetic lives and dumb virtue signalling . 
  harsh , i know , but at the same time - true . 
  wonder what griffith will look like . 
  anyway , pretty good chapter . 
  i better enjoy it before the new hiatus strucks . 
  because it 's forced and it feels like the only reason that character is gay is to promote homosexuality . 
  in most gay characters in movies or any kind of entertainment i 've seen their homosexuality is the main focus of that character . 
  they are gay and that 's literally the only aspect of them . 
  their whole character revolves around their homosexuality . 
  now , i have no problem with gay characters or people at all , but what i do have a problem with is when it 's forced on me . 
  `` i 'm fucking gay and i like it but not everyone understands me '' is literally every gay character in entertainment i 've seen . 
  ok man , i get it , just stfu and try to be more than a simple caricature for promotion of homosexuality . 
  in no particular order :, 
  sweet child o ' mine, 
  you could be mine, 
  welcome to the jungle, 
  estranged, 
  paradise city, 
  knockin on heaven 's door, 
  the garden, 
  locomotive, 
  14 years, 
  i can even add another 10 . 
  thank you . 
  they have so many amazing songs that it 's hard to even fill 10 without feeling that you 've left some out . 
  here 's my other 10 that can happily replace this one :, 
  breakdown, 
  live and let die, 
  sympathy for the devil, 
  do n't damn me, 
  bad obsession, 
  so fine, 
  used to love her, 
  november rain, 
  street of dreams, 
  pretty tied up, 
  and i can still add another 10 . 
  i ca n't think of another band or singer that has so many great songs , songs that you can replay a thousand times each and not get bored . 
  guns were , and i hope still are , something really special . 
  well , is n't it popular almost everywhere ? 
  why should japan be any different ? 
  and the reason it is popular is because it 's damn fine television . 
  let 's fucking lynch the guy . 
  yeah , there are many - game ninja , anime expo , comic-con is coming this year . 
  you 'll have to check for more because even though i watch animes and play video games , i 've never went to such a convention . 
  looks to me like he accidentally fell on his head , ivan . 
  i think he does , deep down . 
  while it 's true that in the hill of swords he said that he does n't care , we really ca n't put much trust into what griffith says considering that sometimes he lies even to himself , let alone to those close to him . 
  not to mention his numerous encounters with guts , the last one being when they sorta looked at each other while guts was recovering in a boat ( i think that was after guts/zodd fight with ganishka . ) . 
  and even when they met during the count 's sacrificial ceremony griffith , albeit with a bit of indifference , did n't seem to want to hurt guts . 
  in all of his encounters with guts after becoming femto , griffith never once went to try and kill guts or hurt him in any way ( except after his rebirth ) . 
  you may say that he does that because he `` does n't care '' about guts , but i think that 's too far-fetched considering guts is still trying to kill him and , for a human , is doing a pretty good job at keeping up with griffith 's plans and apostles . 
  if he truly did n't care about him , he would have snapped his neck in 1 second the second he met him .
