  aside from that , the finale reveals what the hell happened in the first scene ( first episode ) and many of the major plot points during the season that were unexplained , yet leaves quite a bit of mystery for future seasons . 
  also , it sets up season 2 perfectly . 
  i always try to watch top shows and i just like you i thought about dropping the show around episode 4-5 , however i decided to stick with it and it did n't disappoint . 
  the show has a lot of potential , and the story is what 's going to drive it forward ( i believe ) . 
  edit : episode 8 is where things start to get really interesting , so you need to pass one more episode before you get to the cool stuff ( asuming you 've finished episode 6 ) . 
  inter flair . 
  wtf ? 
  the cast is absolutely amazing . 
  but it begs the question : anyone know for how many seasons this show is planned for ? 
  it will be surprising if it 's more than one since i ca n't imagine most of those actors would agree to go on a 5 season run . 
  if i go into your legs , studs up , get the ball first and break your legs in the process . 
  would that be a foul ? 
  no , it 's not what happened , but it was similiar in a way . 
  britos completely took martial out of the game with a challenge that was n't anywhere near the ball . 
  britos may have touched the ball a little , but it does n't really matter considering he completely battered him while doing it . 
  and as i said even if he touched the ball , at most he touched it only slightly . 
  i mean if you do n't consider that a foul , we might as well play american football and be done with it because this was like a tackle from the nfl , if you 've ever watched it . 
  only difference here is that martial did n't have an armor to protect him . 
  i 'm sorry but game of thrones did n't deserve most of their awards . 
  special effects ? 
  sure . 
  but best drama ? 
  come on . 
  this is just giving them back emmy 's for robbing them for the first 3-4 seasons . 
  that depends on what you consider quality tv . 
  if you consider special effects the most important part of a story , then yes - it was the best . 
  if you consider the writing though , the first 4 seasons trump the 6th by miles . 
  i do n't even need to explain the million of nonsensical stuff that happened like arya magically fixing herself from multiple stab wounds in a matter of hours , then running like usain bolt and then defeating and killing her much more experienced teacher in combat . 
  he said the 6th season was the best - the whole season , and i replied to that . 
  as for the `` battle of the bastards '' , it was an episode with too much show , little substance . 
  do n't get me wrong , as i said - the cgi was awesome , however the episode as a whole was just action packed nonsense . 
  dany 's story was predictable , sansa suddenly became napoleon reincarnated , jon was doing very stupid things during the whole episode , ramsay 's little play with rickon was extremely clich\u00e9 and with an extremely predictable outcome , littlefinger 's riding from the south was absolutely impossible ( lore wise - you ca n't pass through the neck like that ) and story wise ( ramsay surely had to have some scouts that would have detected him . 
  he is passing with an army , not 20 good men ) , then littlefinger saving jon from defeat was absolutely predictable yet again , not to mention sansa 's implausible deal with littlefinger . 
  the battle itself was amazing , but the story behind it ? 
  weak . 
  comparing it to loplop ( fargo ) and mr. 
  robot 's first episode is like comparing transformers 2 vs godfather 2 ... 
  mate , the vale does n't have a fleet sufficient to transport his army , so that is out of the question . 
  i do n't know if you have read the books or not , but the neck is an area fully covered with swamp and bog , defensive fortifications , trees , snakes and every other bad thing you can think of . 
  an army to pass through there without the expressive consent of it 's ruler ( which is howland reed ) is impossible . 
  however , even if reed gave such consent , ramsay would have known that an army has passed through there since he probably has guards over there , scouts and everything . 
  there is a large stronghold there ( moat cailin ) that you need to pass in order to invade the north . 
  you just ca n't do it otherwise ( except with a large fleet that littlefinger should n't have ) . 
  so ramsay has to be dumb enough ( to the point of a plot hole ) so that littlefinger can pass with his army because as i said , the neck is the only point that someone can invade the north from and it 's not only heavily guarded with men , but has a practically impassable terrain . 
  how does that dispute my point ? 
  so what if he touched the ball a little ? 
  he still charged at martial like a truck , knocking him off his legs . 
  you can see quite clearly from this gif that britos barely glances the ball at any case it 's just a slight touch . 
  and as you can see it 's a brutal tackle that 's hits way harder than it needs to . 
  such kind of a tackle may pass in an nfl match , but this is association football , ok ? 
  what i most like about guardiola is that he is not afraid to fuck off players that are n't useful anymore or are getting `` too big '' for a club . 
  the way he removed hart and yaya was harsh , but necessary . 
  mourinho used to do that , but could n't do it with fellaini and rooney this season . 
  i wish that would change soon . 
  before anyone says that fellaini has played good , there is a lot more to being a midfielder than taking a ball and doing a 1 m pass . 
  moyes giving him that 5 year contract was his biggest mistake . 
  that 's fucking rooney . 
  mourinho should put him on the kids bench and put schweini in the first team . 
  3 years this has been going on now . 
  enough is enough . 
  oh , another delusional rooney fanboy here . 
  this is n't rooney fc , you absolute bellend . 
  aside from your stupid ramblings about the rest of our players that are way more deserving of playing than him , the leaks are 100 % guaranteed to be rooney because of two things :, 
  there are only a handful of players that played under saf in our current squad . 
  rooney has been known to use the media numerous times to leak all manner of things from the dressing room . 
  this is n't something new , he did it under saf , under moyes and under van gaal . 
  saf knew how to deal with him and he put him in place real fast , but the other two did n't and got sacked because of it . 
  aside from that , this is n't some charity club . 
  if rooney ca n't put up a decent performance , hell - even a pl performance , then he should be benched immediately regardless of how much of a `` legend '' he is in your eyes . 
  he is on 300k a week and he is payed to lead this club to glory , not drag it in mud . 
   handful of players , but our dear friend has narrowed it down to rooney . 
  could n't be carrick or young , right ? 
  both of whom have greater reason to hold grievances against the manager for not getting playing time . 
  has to be rooney because , umm ... he put in two transfer requests and umm ... he had a bad game against watford . 
  well , genius , it could n't have been young for the simple reason that mourinho praised his positivity after the watford game and adviced the rest of the players to take notice . 
  carrick is unlikely because carrick has absolutely nothing to gain from this . 
  he is retiring next year and doing this will only piss mourinho off . 
  aside from that , it 's extremely likely that when carrick signed his new contract , he knew that he would be a backup option . 
  rooney does these leaks every time he feels that his position at the club is threatened , same thing happened now . 
  as soon as the media backlash finally got to him , from `` oh , the players are so happy to be playing under mourinho '' went to `` fuck mourinho , he is ruining us . '' . 
  this is n't the first time . 
  and it does n't take sherlock holmes to figure it out . 
  maybe , just maybe you are a bigger fan of rooney than united . 
   i suppose 21 goals + assists last season , and 4 goals + assists in 5 games this season means he 's been absolute shite in past 12 months . 
  your inability to comprehend that this post was merely a call for respect for a player - who has been chastised on this forum - has left me convinced that you are an imbecilic moron . 
  how 's that for deduction ? 
  there 's a lot more to football than assits and goals , my friend . 
  ronaldo , statistically is a better player than messi , but are you seriously going to tell me that ronaldo is better than messi ? 
  i can give you a 1000 reasons why rooney is not good for united on the pitch , but that will make my post too long . 
  suffice to say that he ca n't even pass the ball 1 meter without giving it away and loses it every time he gets to it . 
  tbh , i do n't even think he is a sunderland level player anymore and that 's not exaggeration . 
  if he ca n't do such simple things for united , i ca n't imagine how well he will play with teammates like andy caroll . 
  i have no reason to respect him . 
  he is paid to do a job and he did it for a time , but his time has long passed now . 
  you respect a player who respects you and rooney definitely does n't respect united . 
  transfer requests , moaning about not being played in his prefered position , licking his lips for our rivals , moaning about saf 's transfer policy and the leaks in the media . 
  fuck him . 
  if you have so much respect for wayne rooney , you might as well start supporting him at his next club and leave the united business out of your head since you 're obviously not a true fan that wants what 's best for the club . 
  edit : i just noticed , this is a new account , correct ? 
  no wonder an opposition fan will defend rooney .
