  here in the us people might still complain , but weed is becoming so common that it 's not so taboo . 
  in la the cops often do n't even investigate the smell unless they think you 're committing some other crime . 
  stop it , there is still so much vengeance we have yet to dish out . 
  then we can meet tengri . 
  germany asking the real question . 
  your fucking emperor is what 's up with hungary . 
  jk , looking at history books i feel ridiculous , my ancestors wanted so much to be free of austria and now most of us probably would n't mind getting back with you guys . 
  hungary under austria was better than anything else , we were protected by another strong power and our culture flourished . 
  besides , i 'd rather take another hapsburg than king orban . 
  soon enough the russians will finish what they started and we 'll finally be out of our misery . 
  thank god . 
  damn it , i saw this and immediately rushed to the comments just to see i 've been too slow . 
  to be honest my dude i have to force myself to not ponder the poor fortune of our once mighty kingdom or else i get all sad and * anya * gets on my case because i do n't want to eat my goulash . 
  my dude the finno-ugric memes have just begun . 
  i have my doubts that the sami went south only to decide that the warmth of the sun was overrated and go back up north . 
  we have loanwords , but our word for beer is n't one of them . 
  it does , but our word for beer is n't a loanword . 
  hence me mentioning how the sami use the same word , and they certainly did n't take words from any turkic language . 
  `` from a turkic language '' hungarian is not turkic , it 's finno-ugric . 
  that 's why the the word for beer is the same around the finno-ugric homeland . 
  merkel is n't upholding the party 's values , the cdu is a conservative party , and nowhere in its founding was it intended to be what merkel is forcing it to be . 
  merkel is taking one of the world 's best conservative parties and and pulling it to the left . 
  a party split is inevitable . 
  i know i 'm not giving her any more of my votes . 
  the thing is , you can fight a war and carry on . 
  millions of migrants wo n't just go away , they wo n't just suddenly realize `` hey this religion is pretty stupid '' and change their entire way of thinking , or shake off the culture that they were born into . 
  well , the uk voted to leave the eu without even trying to enact changes to fix it , so delusional is n't exactly unexpected . 
  i feel like you do . 
  i love the eu as a concept , but we need clear definitions and policies . 
  the eu ca n't just serve the * heavily * left leaning upper tiers of w. europe . 
  this honestly , we have enough troubles of our own . 
  europe did n't come to its current place of power by dicing itself up to feed the less wealthy . 
  what relevance does eastern european crime have to our nonexistent obligation to help these people ? 
  i have no chill for people like that , sorry pal . 
  nazism did take a lot from the left , there was a great amount of government control over the economy . 
  the ussr did n't `` save '' the baltics , it took them for itself and had a plan that killed slightly less people . 
  also , nice username . 
  i can tell you have a very optimistic view of your own world , probably how you cope with living under in russia . 
  nato does n't represent regional interests very well , and most of the people in nato 's most important member probably could n't point ukraine or poland out on a map . 
  hell , many western europeans do n't even believe that war can come to europe again . 
  is that how you respond to the centuries old frustration of eastern europeans ? 
  pro-tip , shouting troll usually outs you as someone who himself has nothing to add . 
  i wo n't even point the finger at you as a troll , because you 're more than likely just stupid , lacking in empathy , and russian . 
  i repeat myself . 
  it 's still pretty bad . 
  ukraine has fought hard but russia could roll over them at any moment . 
  i 've toyed with the idea of volunteering if the russians invade , but i honestly do n't see much hope of ukraine winning unless nato matches russia 's contribution . 
   vicious circle of violence started by russia when they invaded ukraine . 
  they 're not ukrainian trolls , they 're people tired of having to deal with the centuries of problems caused by russian meddling in other peoples ' countries . 
  why would western media `` eat this up '' ? 
  i live in america at the moment , people here do n't give a shit . 
  they do n't want to hear about ukraine , they do n't even know ukraine exists . 
  it 's a cool picture , it might get some air-time at best , but it 's not part of a propaganda campaign . 
  ukraine is the type of conflict that the us will have a hand in one way or another , putin is n't just an item on a political checklist , he 's a genuine problem for eastern europe . 
  like most russian politicians of the last few hundred years . 
  because many people will not read articles , but will take a few seconds to look at a photo . 
  do you mean nemtsov ? 
  is n't it convenient that the killers are allegedly chechen ( one of russia 's favorite scapegoat ethnicities ) , which is mainly backed up by a confession that may have been forced out of dadayev through torture ? 
  sure , whatever you say . 
  who would you punish ? 
  every muslim in the country ? 
  for a crime they did n't benefit from ? 
  the problem with that is that the experience is usually from a past age , and these old politicians are typically pretty far from what 's current in a country . 
  why is it a joke ? 
  i have no debt to allow people into my country , a country built on the sweat and blood of generations of my own people , especially if they come illegally with no skills , no values like our own , and no intent to assimilate . 
  russia is a lot of undesirable things , but it does n't put up with muslims like our countries do . 
  more proof that france has land that belongs to the germans ;p, 
  if you gaze long into the kraut , the kraut gazes into you . 
  such is life, 
  / r/murica let 's stop pretending that they are n't basically an american territory . 
  do n't even get me started . 
  it does n't rustle my jimmies or anything , i honestly just think it 's hilarious that if you follow money in entertainment , the trail will almost always lead you to someone jewish . 
  good for them i guess . 
  oh my god i always thought it was just a meme but they 're really out to take over the world . 
  in america you 're considered superior because you 're white . 
  in europe you ca n't just be white , you need to be a certain type of white , and even then we 'll argue about the ethnic and cultural makeup of said type of white . 
  but yea the general idea is that slavic blood is ubermensch , followed closely by germanic blood , and everyone else is basically arabic . 
  it 's really simple once you get the hang of it . 
  interventionism is a literal cornerstone of leftist economics . 
  how brainwashed are you ? 
  how do you think a command economy happens ? 
  you ca n't have any sort of socialism without at least government intervention . 
  i dunno , insulting a stranger on the internet when you know you 're wrong is pretty brainless . 
  just stop replying and maybe when you 're out of high school you 'll be wiser and admit your past mistakes ? 
  uhhhh the eu gives millions to my country for no reason , that 's crazy spending , on top of which the eu does nothing to ensure that the funds are n't stolen . 
  the left is absolutely pro-interventionism , the right is llaissez-faire . 
  the right is typically against immigration , while the left is as far as i know pro-immigration in every country in europe . 
  multiculturalism ( through breaking down any culture that is n't class culture ) is actually a core tenet of socialism . 
  i think it 's you that does n't know anything pal . 
  pro-immigration and pro-interventionism for starters , those are the big two . 
  crazy spending is a pretty big one too , i would n't mind at all if the eu gave my country less money . 
  anti-nationalism under the merkel school of thought that national identity should n't matter , when it very much should . 
  these are all aspects of the left , which some countries do n't want . 
  hungary is fairly pro-eu , we 're not against centralization , we 're against centralization that has an obviously leftist agenda that it 's trying to push on culturally conservative and right-leaning countries . 
  the eu has shown itself to be absolutely unready to deal with a migration issue , it does n't matter if we get our act together a year from now , that 's hundreds of thousands more migrants . 
  the weakness of the eu has put us in a position where a foreign power is more capable of guarding our borders than we are . 
  buddy , my country 's president already has that covered . 
  fences , fences fucking everywhere , and dudes with cold-war leftover ak 's . 
  jokes aside , in an ideal europe we would n't need to appease a foreign power to secure our borders , and if the conservatives have their day ( which they very much are going to with how unpopular the leftists are becoming ) we wo n't need to . 
  eastern europe is different than the west .
