  i agree fully on the economic part , although i still think that even if we do n't increase spending , we need to form some sort of eu wide force that 's always fully functional , with a proper eu foreign policy system in place to make sure that if we ever need soldiers somewhere , they 'll be there . 
  i 'm currently living in the us , but i 'm german-hungarian , and back in high school i dreamt about joining the bundeswehr . 
  now that i 'm well on my way through college , i 've seriously had to rethink that dream haha . 
  i do n't want to sign years away to a force that 's being so terribly held back . 
  i 'd honestly rather join the legion . 
  i always took pride in how well germany did in war throughout history , it 's a shame that so many germans are so adverse to at least doing our fair share of defending europe , god forbid we used our strength to help countries in africa , or maybe fighting isis . 
  but yea , i 'm really bummed out because i love germany , i love europe , and i wanted to partake in the whole teenage patriotic thing that we get tricked into lol , you know ? 
  it sucks that i feel like i could do more to protect europe by joining the us military . 
  that 's what western europeans seem to forget sometimes , we ca n't be expected to treat russia like they do because they did n't get to live through a half century of a culturally destructive , totalitarian , illegal occupation . 
  people wo n't care , it 's a white person committing a mass killing , to many it will be equivalent to decades of attacks by muslims . 
  i do n't believe in condemning all muslims , but i also do n't believe in pretending that their civilization * does n't * spawn a great deal of murderers and all around bad people , much more so than ours . 
  whose fault that is is certainly an important subject , but that 's beside the main point i was trying to make . 
  people are getting so pc that a single attack like this wipes the slate clean for islam , which it certainly does n't . 
  it happens in the us as well ( where i currently live ) , african-americans often cite shootings by caucasians as a reason to ignore how much crime is committed by african-americans , which does n't help anyone , because the first step to fixing a problem is addressing it . 
  wow , sorry about how long and off topic that ended up being , it 's late . 
  this is going to be cited by every muslim on internet arguments about terrorism for years . 
  `` see !, 
  white people are just as terroristy as us , if not more ! '', 
  this would presumably come right before they try to make us feel guilty for things america did . 
  in the more populated ( read : more educated ) parts of the us , that kind of stuff has gone out of style . 
  racism in general is frowned upon quite heavily now , so automatically associating anyone with anything is n't a socially acceptable thing . 
  unless they 're black , sometimes . 
  it 's getting better , but it still happens . 
  are we really acting like being pro-eu is optimism now ? 
  sorry man , but i myself ca n't be mad at him . 
  it 's kind of become a joke now haha . 
  it 's alright though , if germany can escape the nazi jokes , you can escape anything . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference between the west not wanting to do business with an aggressor and the west being the aggressor than you should move to russia . 
  russia 's feelings are n't more important than peace in ukraine and the sovereignty of eastern europe . 
  if this stuff is nazi , then i 'm sorry to tell everyone but hitler won . 
  honestly , quit throwing `` nazi '' around like it 's a joke , the more we use it on casual racists and sarcastic comments the less seriously anyone will take actual fascism . 
  god forbid a defensive treaty that would welcome us with open arms gets plopped down next to my country , i bet they plan on invading me !, 
  russian pride is no excuse for being politically vile . 
  if you break the sovereignty of other nations , you put your own up for trial . 
  communism did that to a lot of eastern europe , which is why i think that any pro-soviet is an uneducated asshole . 
  there 's no way to spin the russian tyranny of eastern europe as a good thing . 
  there 's a million asterisks in the eu , i 'm sure that iceland could have gotten one . 
  can we just accept our cultural heritage and become the roman empire again ? 
  we can even move the parliament to rome on every full moon and mother 's day . 
  to be fair , the post was n't erroneous , it just lack a date or time-frame . 
  `` i drive . '', 
  * pulls out phone to show dashcam footage *, 
  this picture is almost certainly older . 
  i know for a fact that grom use much more modern equipment , i seriously doubt that they 'd be training to fight a russian invasion with 9mm terrorist poppers . 
  as for the lack of identification , high tier american special forces do n't make use of them in certain situations . 
  i do n't like it , take it away !, 
  let 's get down to business , to defeat - the hunnns !, 
  whoops , wrong country . 
  between all this bullshit with russia and europe 's foreign policy problems , it 's nice to see headlines that seem like they 're posts on / r/yurop . 
  good job , some-of-europe . 
   especially if you think somebody else will do it for you if you do n't ? 
  honestly , that 's the only reason i can find , and in a way it 's worse than if we were n't able to accomplish those things . 
  hey guys , mild military-enthusiast here . 
  i 've done my fair share of studying military forces throughout history , and there is one constant that never fails to pop up . 
  unity of action and unity of command are vital . 
  i know that it 's not what any european wants to hear , but we need to take a look at why the us military has the martial prowess that it does , and why european forces have failed and succeeded in the past . 
  if we went to war with russia for example , it would n't just be `` mobilize the armies of europe and send them off to fight !, 
  '' , we would need to effectively form an international line between our homes and the russian military , we would need to supply the myriad of national forces on the front with the gear that their governments have picked for them , and we would need to fight our enemies with an absolute will and impeccable communication , and right now , we ca n't do that . 
  we have a culture of might and glory to draw on , we have a generation that would make excellent soldiers , a community of scientists that push the limits of technology everyday , and we have an industry that is unmatched , but all of that is useless if we do n't act as a single organism when confronted by a foe . 
  we ca n't have germany tip-toe around russia 's feelings while eastern europe begs for political and martial support , we ca n't have hungary 's leader entertaining putin while europeans are dying because of putin 's actions , and we ca n't field soldiers from 28 countries and expect them to win a war when they have to operate as 28 different entities with 28 different opinions on how the war should be fought . 
  also , we ca n't keep penny-pinching when it comes to the quality of our defense . 
  we all know in our hearts that europe is still a superpower , but why ca n't we get our military right when america has been doing if for half of a century ? 
  why does proud europe rely so much on america to be the counter-weight to eastern aggression ? 
  those are my thoughts , no , it 's not up to scholarly journal quality , but you guys get what i mean , forgive me if i mis-stated some of my points , i 'm sure i did . 
  of course , the question for hungary involves romania . 
  they stole our land and now our spotlight fucking romanians reeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  that 's a flair i have n't yet seen . 
  jesus , living in a city of almost four million here in the us really puts things into perspective . 
  i 'm thinking a lot about this now , if russia wanted to it could get together an army several times larger than the whole estonian population . 
  such is life . 
  do n't worry friend , if you need fence , we 're here for you . 
   then do so hungary has done exactly that , but we 're not the only option . 
  greece and italy should not have to protect a european vulnerability all on their own . 
  there should be eu soldiers helping manage the border so they do n't have to deal with the problem alone just because of their geography . 
  you 're right , there 's no obligation for them to stop them , there 's no obligation for us to not stop them . 
  is there a misunderstanding ? 
  because turkey still had bargaining power over the eu because of our lack of agency and will . 
  we should n't need an external power to stop immigrants form coming in . 
  the pathetic response on the part of europe to the migrant problem is a pretty obvious example of how liberalism has overtaken us . 
  i 'm not asserting anything beyond there not being a proper space for discourse . 
  liberalism is taken as the de facto state of things , and when eastern european countries drift right westerners write articles about how `` worrying '' the trend is . 
  too much of either is bad . 
  you 're ignoring the problem because it suits your point of view . 
  it 's convenient so it 's not a problem at all , right ? 
   `` liberalism has now become an enemy of free debate and those who do not remain in the mainstream discourse are excluded from the circle of democrats , '' orb\u00e1n said . 
  he 's a dick and i did n't vote him in but he 's right . 
  there 's no obligation on the part of europe to take immigrants in . 
  we have every right to simply turn back everyone at our border , as does turkey and every other sovereign power in the world . 
  the fact is that the eu has no good system in place to handle a situation like this , and a force outside the eu has leverage against us because of it . 
  no but if you pass out on our couch we 'll drain you and sell your blood to the chinese . 
  we 're not getting enough eu money . 
  it 's irresponsible bleeding-hearts that give nationalists fuel for the fire . 
  this situation in europe is making me question everything about `` rights '' and the value of society . 
  we just seem so bad at finding any balance . 
   ... the result is that denmark 's image is that of a xenophobic nation . 
  i 've never heard about this . 
  but i have heard nonstop insults and jokes about sweden , so which path is worse for their image ? 
  i 've grown up in germany and the united states but i still exhibit the negative traits that are associated with my people . 
  obviously it 's easier for me to admit a love of alcohol , rowdiness , and banditry than it is for someone to admit being a misogynist ( especially when god told them it 's totally cool ) but still , people take a lot from their parents . 
  i know that i 'm not the only one that feels distinctly x when they grew up in y.
