  conservatism and reactionary politics are two separate things . 
  how 's that going ? 
  what happens when russian jets bomb turkish troops ? 
  i mean you do you but it seems risky , and it does n't seem like you guys have committed a very large force . 
  perfect time to conquer / r/syria and see if the greeks stopped pretending to not be west turkey . 
  i 've been waiting for this day since 1920 . 
  fuck it , 2016 is still going , might as well make the most of it . 
  you can lose a majority of your weight with this one weird trick !, 
  we 've been shrinking a bit here and there . 
  with how things have been going you 'll probably be one hungary-length closer to them in a century or two . 
  how can anything bavaria related * not * be good ? 
  war would also be over a lot sooner if russia and iran did n't support assad . 
  i 'm not pro-rebel but this is n't just the us at play . 
  to date russia has had a bigger hand in the war . 
  if my country was at war i would n't run . 
  if it was truly almost entirely women , elderly , and children coming to europe then i 'd be more okay with it , but there is little excuse to run as a man . 
  i doubt that most of the men coming to europe are going back to syria to help end the war once their families are set up , and i have absolutely zero sympathy for single men running from syria . 
  i know that the concept of dying for your beliefs is dying in the west and some people probably think i 'm extreme for expressing this , but i would never abandon my country to war . 
  i do n't care what side someone fights on , but fucking fight . 
  huh . 
  you know , we hungarians like to complain about everything , but being in or near the top thirty best countries in the world in this chart and charts like this is n't so bad . 
  these things always remind me that we still have the good fortune of being european . 
   russian  cossack the muscovites spent a good deal of their free time oppressing the cassocks , today 's cossack are nothing more than cultural appropriation for the purpose of renewing a russian national identity . 
  to those of us that are non-polish the polish hussar means a lot . 
  you guys basically saved a large portion of europe at vienna with them , and to many of us younger hungarians who are taking a renewed interest in our history , the polish military was righteous force , even when it sought retribution against hungarian lords who got uppity . 
  i romanticize the hell out of you guys even though i know you 're depressed alcoholics just like us , because poland seems to be getting its rightful place in the world back and that inspires the shit out of me . 
  the hussar is just one symbol of that . 
  well , at least we got onto this graph by proxy of poland, 
  hello turkfriend , i was wondering if you had any insight on two things . 
  how do turks feel about the migrant issue , and alternatively has the migrant issue made germans resentful of turks already living in germany ? 
  trump is already paying off for the eu big time . 
  tpp is dead , and european leaders are * finally * waking up and realizing that the us military is not ours whenever we need it . 
  we need to be strong on our own . 
  nobody wants the problem to disappear magically , it is a problem that we should decide ourselves to take on or not . 
  everybody talks about migrants like they 're a fact of life , what the hell are borders and police for then ? 
  the eu is already failing because millions of people can obviously enter illegally with little recourse . 
  jokes aside this is somewhat accurate . 
  brexit was the wakeup call the eu needed , our union is fragile and we need to make progress . 
  well benito , i guess it 's time to dust off our black dress shirts , they 've finally found us out . 
  some have called me a right-wing extremist fearmonger . 
  i believe in the eu , i just think that things need to change . 
  not wanting open migration does n't suddenly make me love my neighbors less . 
  hell , the reason i even want to limit migration in the eu is because of countries like mine , we should n't be allowed to just go where the jobs are and leave our own country to rot . 
  anyways , i want merkel to succeed in most things , i just wish she 'd accept that people do n't want refugees , and that concerns over migration are valid . 
  i think it 's much less the fault of the media , and much more the fault of the people that listen to it . 
  news outlets tell people what they want to hear . 
  i think corruption is a bigger issue than mp 's needing cheap labor . 
  time to join la grande arm\u00e9e !, 
  better times for the empire . 
  i was talking about executing him , which i assume is probably illegal up there in utopia anyways . 
  you 're putting him on the same level as common criminals , which he 's not . 
  this would n't be an exception , there should be a system by which we can judge all people who commit crimes this grave . 
  he does n't deserve reform , he 's a cancer on society . 
  he 's not just some poor guy that made a bad decision in a shitty situation . 
  me at parties, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the inheritors of rome , the european kingdoms , became the dominant force on the planet . 
  even now , the world 's biggest superpower carries the legacy of the roman republic . 
  you did n't address my first statement , do you stand by your implication that ukraine is committing genocide like serbia did ? 
  also , ukraine is n't forbidding the use of russian . 
  there is no law that says russian can not be spoken in social spheres , ukrainian is simply the language of ukraine . 
  it is ironic that russians are so upset about this , after centuries of trying to suppress ukrainians and their language . 
  if you ca n't understand why it 's important for ukrainians to fortify their own language and own country against an invasive and at times genocidal culture , then that 's your problem . 
  you 're not getting it , kosovo was n't annexed by anyone . 
  it declared independence . 
  furthermore , the serbs in kosovo now have a lot more power than most minorities typically do , which is a boon considering the recent history of serbia . 
  on top of that , there was n't a foreign invasion that facilitated the declaration . 
  this is what bothers most of us . 
  i can understand the case for crimean independence , the land is historically russian and most of the people there are russian , the problem is that their ` independence ' is just part of putin 's land grab , and it was done very inappropriately . 
  hell , it could have started an even bigger war than what we have now , and for what ? 
  so that putin can distract russians from the creeping reality that their country is n't keeping up with the west ? 
  and unlike kosovo , this was n't followed by decades of turmoil . 
  this was the result of one man 's ambition , and the lies of his state . 
  there was no need for russians and ukrainians to start killing one another . 
  there was little hatred , even considering how horribly ukraine suffered under russian rule . 
  none of this had to happen , all of the death and destruction could have been avoided . 
  if you do n't see the distinction , then that 's your own fault . 
  it 's a fun fact to throw in their face , that the educated and anyone else that has a chance and a desire to live a better life leaves and does n't look back . 
  i 'm occasionally a soft-skeptic , but i ca n't stand it when my fellow countrymen talk shit about the eu when they 're living off its fruit . 
  particularly the politicians that would have to work much harder to steal money if the eu did n't hand it to them so easily . 
  so , encouraging people to speak the language of the nation they live in is the same as committing genocide in a land-grab ? 
  also , i can tell you 're an outsider because this is a non-issue in ukraine . 
  ukrainians and russians can understand one another , and many know how to speak both languages . 
  requiring ukrainian for government forms and such is n't making anyone a second-class citizen , refusal to use the nation 's language out of pride and more often blind ethno-nationalism is stupid . 
  on top of what everyone else said , this was a gesture that is very appreciated by everyone who fears russian ambitions . 
  it seems that many europeans do n't care about ukrainians and potentially other europeans fighting and dying for european ideals so long as it does n't affect them directly . 
  it 's eastern europe man . 
  the powers in place need some little bullshit to keep us distracted while they steal , steal , steal . 
  centralization , autocracy , the government doing everything for us ( albeit poorly ) , corruption , these have all been ingrained in russia by for centuries by the czars , and for half a century in the rest of us by the ussr . 
  i honestly do n't know how we 're going to break out of this cultural prison we 've built for ourselves . 
  i third that the two things i ask relatives to bring when they visit are those and some homemade palinka . 
  that 's not necessarily chauvinism though . 
  chauvinism implies that it 's something temperamental . 
  i think europeans have been very patient , and we 're arriving at a logical and justified conclusion . 
  i heard from a friend that mia kalifa 's most popular video has her in a hijab . 
  heard it from a friend . 
  every time i start to feel positive about things , someone has to bring that up . 
  russia is n't too surprising ;(, 
  as a hungarian i 'm tired of orban using his left hand to pleasure trump and his right to pleasure putin . 
  wish there was an alternative .
