  first they gave them constantinople , now their debt . 
  honest question , what the hell happened to greece over these last couple of years ? 
  kind of odd that such a prominent nation faded away so greatly . 
  it 's hilarious how different the connotations for male and female virgins are . 
  i do n't know if women can get into muslim heaven ... 
  maybe we should send them some abarths so they can break down halfway here and then spend an inordinate amount of time explaining to their mechanics how they could n't have imagine that italian cars were unreliable . 
  it would give us at least another six months prep time . 
  only we can slaughter one another and be cool about it !, 
  if you miss , you 'll land among the virgins !, 
  yea , * this * is where we draw the line . 
  our problem is definitely not worse , i just did n't want to include our friends in my complaining for the sake of not offending them . 
  do n't leave your car unlocked . 
  do n't leave your car on the street . 
  do n't entrust your car to the care of another . 
  do n't entrust your belongings to the care of another . 
  do n't trust anyone . 
  okay , i 'm just salty because i found out that another one of my dad 's cars has been stolen . 
  we 've been in the us for thriteen years now , and out of twenty cars ( my dad bought and sold , but he always had quite a few `` cool '' ones in his collection ) that my dad owned when we came out here , only about three are left un-stolen . 
  hungarians definitely have some of the negative aspects of eastern european stereotypes . 
  you ca n't even trust some of your once close friends to * not * sell off your car because you 're out of the country . 
  but i wake up at twelve ... 
  kind of bummed that hitler ruined the roman salute . 
  you just made an assumption because you 're out of things to say . 
  i get that you have good intentions , but understand that you ca n't understand something like this until you experience it . 
  very true . 
  i wonder , is there hope for a european nation ? 
  maybe for future , better generations . 
  well , obviously the propaganda did * something * , but i feel like comparison of old and young will generally net similar rewards . 
  that being said , i 'm not arguing with the statement in the title , the propaganda certainly left its mark . 
  i do n't hate anyone for non-personal reasons , and even then i give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  i 'm sure you sound a lot less stupid in person , where you actually have to think about what you 're saying . 
  all you 've done this whole time is talk down to me and try to act like that makes your argument more valid . 
  learn to accept when you 're wrong and should probably stop replying . 
  before you tell me to take my own advice , i reiterate : i 've experienced this first hand , and i 've almost certainly traveled * far * more than you have . 
  i 've met people of all colors and beliefs , and gypsies are the only ones that i feel this way towards , because they 're the only ones who consistently prove that the stereotype is true . 
  i 'll quote myself here , `` feel this way towards '' . 
  i support social programs that actually help the poor and unemployed , and i support people who choose to stay unemployed and live as brigands , but i do n't have to like living next to them . 
  anyways , i 'm done . 
  it 's pointless arguing if all you 've got up your sleeve is what you 've thrown at me , smugly . 
  maybe wait till you 've got more hair on your chin and more stamps on your passport . 
  i feel like the result of the survey would be the same everywhere . 
  at this moment , older people tend to be racist more than younger people . 
   how about you move ? 
  telling a family that 's native since at least 1000ad that they should move elsewhere because gypsies keep stealing their car 's radios is indicative of an ignorant fool that has n't experienced any of the topic first hadn . 
   why are you so superior ? 
  never said i was , different cultures have different values . 
  keep on making up an argument though . 
   the setup simply is n't homogenous . 
  once again , * come here * and live here for a decade , then you might have the first signs of a right to talk like you have authority on the subject . 
  all i 'm getting from you is `` you 're wrong because i think you 're being mean '' . 
   ever thought about the possibility that your ancestry and your personal actions might have added to romas ' situation ? 
  i 'll think about that the next time i 'm mugged , maybe i 'll ask them if i can run home to get more money for them . 
  pull your head out of your ass , your argument has no value to someone that actually lives the gypsy question . 
  all you outsiders who come barging in with your morally upright arguments add nothing to the argument beyond pointless moral bashing . 
  do n't heart me , i do n't think being cute after dropping a couple of paragraphs of internet justice is anything to be proud of . 
  you 're a remarkably disconnected individual , and for that i pity your mother . 
  i 'm glad we 're talking about it . 
  something needs to be done , i 'm sure that all sides agree . 
  i love the eu , but holy shit do we need strong leadership that can give definitive answers and properly react to stuff like this , regardless of what side you stand on . 
   your willingness to discriminate based on perceived race is the pure definition of racism . 
  - prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  every definition of racism includes that bit about superiority , which makes racist a meaningful word . 
  everybody generalizes , even you , saint / u/tobitobitobitobi , but not everyone ranks ethnic groups . 
  your casual use of the word is why it 's meaningless in today 's world , because ignorance keyboard warriors like you see something , comment , and forget about it . 
  no , it does n't . 
  racism is the belief that one `` race '' is better than another . 
  i do n't think that , i 'm not one to talk , i think that if we were to start ranking `` races '' , hungarians would n't rank as high as many of my european brethren . 
  i just do n't like having to live with gypsies . 
  they have every right to exist as they wish to , but i 'd like it if they left us out of it . 
  their lifestyles do n't mix with that of my countrymen , but we 're forced to endure them . 
  i 'd like to think that there are social programs that can change the current situation , but once again , i invite you to live among them and * then * tell me what to do . 
  we have a right to complain , especially when nobody is even trying to do anything about our ails . 
   what a bleak way of thinking about your fellow men . 
  do you sleep with a gun under your pillow because your girlfriend might attack you in your sleep ? 
  this kind of twisted logic is a good way to sum up you entire argument . 
  no thanks . 
  dude , i honestly ca n't level with you because you have an insane misunderstanding of literally every political aspect of what we 're discussing . 
  you do n't know history , you 're not understanding basic objective ideas that i 'm putting forward , and you 're going back to your initial argument relies on twisting my argument . 
  best of luck to you , but i 'm not spending any more time on this . 
  i really do n't find any joy in a fruitless slap fest , we 're on completely different pages and i 'm really stricken by a person 's ability to think like you do . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think you 're hitler , but i also do n't think that you have anything valuable to add to political discourse . 
  for example :  of course , you can show me one war that was not in it 's core a big raid ? 
  world war 1 was motivated by the foolery of men that got high off of bismarck 's ass-fumes . 
  world war 2 was motivated by the foolery of several nations getting high on the fumes of their burning nations , post-ww1 . 
  i swear to christ if you blame the jews i 'm going to take a break from reddit for a few days . 
  moving on , the vietnam war was motivated by the foolery of a nation that was trying to set up an aggressive cultural and political export system through actions meant to impress/scare the international community . 
  the military-industrial complex ( which i 'm actually well aware of , i 've written two research papers on why it 's bad ) followed the beginning of the war , it did n't outright cause it . 
  but the causes of these wars do n't matter , because we 're not talking about attacking , we 're talking about * defending another nato member in the event of a russian attack * . 
  not only that , we 're talking about deterring russia from doing to eastern europe what it is doing to ukraine , sowing discord and instigating war . 
  i lied earlier , i was n't done , but now i really am . 
  i 've heard more convincing arguments from pro-putins , and that 's saying something . 
  you 're very strung up in an ideology that has no basis in reality . 
  in the context of the original topic , you * are * preaching appeasement , and you * are * preaching the betrayal of an agreement that has kept europe more peaceful than it ever has been . 
  you 've settled on top of morally upstanding by logically fallible ideology that requires all parties involved to be of a like mind to work . 
  the pacifist nation will always be at the boots of its neighbors . 
  do n't you dare bring the swiss up , they wield a power that is ultimately much more dangerous than a border war , they 're bigger wolves than any european nation and that 's why nobody has attacked them for as long as our great-grandparents can remember , which would lead on to me ranting about how you 've made the classic mistake of thinking that war is n't just a continuation of politics . 
  now i 'm done though . 
  tl ; dr : your standpoint has no merit in a world full of aggressors , and i 'm not going to respond anymore because i generally give up when i disagree with literally everything someone says on the basis of them being demonstrably wrong . 
   maybe one day you will see that your personal happiness does not depend on concepts like `` the nation '' . 
  that 's the thing , and this is where you and i have a critical divide in our way of thinking .
