  in that case , there 's not much to say , because any politician will tell you that isolationism is not an option for the us . 
  it blows my mind that you think the us even has the ability to not get involved , when the current status quo is literally built upon american intervention . 
  this is n't just some civil war , this is russia actively undermining a sovereign nation that is in the progress of joining nato and the eu , which undermines our sovereignty . 
  this is literally an attack on western interests . 
  if this is n't the time to get involved , then there is literally no reason to get involved , and you truly are an isolationist , which is a school of thought that died out long ago for a reason . 
  it 's politically unfeasible , and it 's only fed by the misconception that the us has anything to lose by protecting its interests . 
  you write better than a putin bot , but you 're saying exactly what his supporters want to hear . 
  for god 's sake man , use an / s !, 
  us internet warriors have trouble telling friend from foe !, 
  the us has fifty states that have been ruled by their federal government for over two hundred years . 
  the american colonials had a lot less distinguishing them from one another than europeans do even when this nation was born , and since then this country has been the victim of cultural dilution for a couple of centuries , yet each state still has a unique identity that 's evident the moment you talk to someone there . 
  i understand your fear , but it 's entirely unwarranted . 
  not only that , but this sort of fear is the basis of nationalism and extremism , while almost always being proven wrong . 
  the family structure was n't broken apart when women were given the right to vote , kids did n't start murdering their parents when nudity and violence started being shown on tv , and european countries will never lost their identity . 
  in fact , if there 's anything we should be worrying about , it 's countries not being able to work past their pride and accept that we 're better off as one people . 
  i love europe , i 'm quite a fanboy , but i 'm deeply jealous of how americans can be brotherly with no regard for which state they come from , while europeans still find reasons to set themselves apart . 
  you do n't think there 's racist undertones in ukip rhetoric ? 
  i wo n't say that the party itself is racist , but it takes a long stretch of the imagination to say that there are n't prominent members that are fairly racist . 
  something something the heart of darkness . 
  the uk was always and still is able to join germany and france at the head of the table . 
  it 's entirely up to the uk if it does so . 
  yes , because joining the eurozone could be characterized as insane . 
  / s god forbid you find out that other people have different perspectives than you . 
  maybe you 're joking , but french engineering is fairly good in the arms field , and american missiles do n't cause friendly fire , the nature of war does . 
  the us has the most accurate ordinance in the world . 
  here you go : `` 1 . the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the csce final act , to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  2 . the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
  3 . the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the csce final act , to refrain from economic coercion designed to subordinate to their own interest the exercise by ukraine of the rights inherent in its sovereignty and thus to secure advantages of any kind . 
  4 . the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used . '', 
  russia has broken all of these , which leads me to :  it does not include any defense provisions . 
  the us/uk absolutely did not agree to defend ukraine from all outside threats . 
  you 're right , it does n't , but what happens when one of the signing members violates the agreement , and the nation that made the agreement have any meaning does n't do anything ? 
  you 're anti-involvement , so your stance breaks this agreement any way you spin it , and said agreement implies some sort of involvement , in which case dodging involvement furthers my point , it 'll be seen as america using loop hools and technicalities to not help europe after we followed it into that mess of a war called afghanistan . 
  these kinds of agreements are always as vague as possible , that does n't mean that governments pick and choose outside of extreme situations . 
  what you 're saying is , the language is vague enough , so lets not be the balancing for that we forced our way into . 
  do you know how much of a hand the us has had in european development ? 
  do you know how much hinges on the us being a strong ally to the eu ? 
  do you know how much hinges on vice-versa ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're an isolationist , lack empathy , or just do n't know things , because you absolutely have to be one based on what you said . 
  then they 're using the flag erroneously ( which the federal government has also done quite a bit ) . 
  i live here ( in the us ) and partake in the military community , i see vets complaining about it all the time . 
  the difference is that iraq was an stupid and unjustified war that the world 's strongest single nation got duped into , and ukraine is a country in europe , being courted by the eu , america 's best ally . 
  ladies and gentlemen , an anarchist has joined the discussion . 
  thank heavens that we have disgruntled college students to guide our people . 
  you do realize that part of the reason why ukraine is getting fucked by russia is because america convinced it to give up its nuclear weapons in return for protection against foreign threats , and because of people like you , the us government has held back and lost credibility ? 
  just because you were n't alive when the us made a commitment does n't mean that you get to back out of that commitment . 
  if the founding fathers can dictate every aspect of american politics with a vague document , then agreement made a couple of decades ago should n't be that hard to follow . 
  also , the eu is america 's only steady ally in the world . 
  if america suddenly does a 360 and stops intervening when it matters , it will lose its place at the head of the table . 
  luckily , men much more informed than you are leading this country . 
  american military flags have golden frilly stuff to differentiate them from federal flags . 
  the military carries the authority of the american government , but it is a limited authority , and as such ca n't be represented by a normal american flag . 
  i 've seen a few fiascos over frilled flags being used at federal functions , people are touchy about that . 
  americans take flags pretty seriously , it 's a little weird , but to each their own . 
  i feel like your comment is n't getting the appreciation it deserves . 
  they do n't drop on top of enemy positions anymore ( mostly ) , they 're meant to deploy from aircraft and helicopters ahead of other friendly forces , or where friendly forces ca n't reach by conventional means . 
  air mobile infantry is still incredibly important in modern doctrine , especially when you 're the us , with an insane amount of air assets to back those troops up . 
  they 're welcome to try something , but i 'm living in the us right now and trust me , the current backlash against foreign intervention would n't extend to a south or central american nation messing with the us . 
  also , i 've been thinking about getting my citizenship through military service , so hey , it would be an exciting enlistment . 
  yo , iceland is packing some sweet rides . 
  whenever see stuff like this i click the link just to see the bad ass picture of western european cops doing their thing . 
  was not disappointed . 
  i 'm not going to listen to someone try to justify the soviet union 's crimes , so just post another link and be done with it . 
  he was overthrown because he dropped a cooperation agreement with the eu and decided to sign one with russia without even consulting his people . 
  actually , that 's not even why he was overthrown . 
  he was overthrown because he did n't change his path when his people * clearly * showed that they were completely against what he was doing , and as a cherry on top , he had the police beat and kill peaceful protesters . 
  if that does n't warrant overthrow ( although at that point , a respectable man would have resigned ) then i do n't know what does . 
  ukraine was homogeneous before russia implanted artificial minorities for times exactly like this . 
  judging by your name , there 's a chance that you 're on a novelty account that actually does argue for the sake of it , but when playing the devil 's advocate you need to make it clear that you do n't buy into all of his bull . 
  these are the things they discussed . 
  it 's surprising that yet another eu nation has decided to try to milk putin for favor in return for clearly going against the eu . 
  scratch that , it 's not just surprising , it 's alarming . 
  you ca n't spin tsipras ' opposition of the sanctions as anything other than dirty politics . 
  the man does n't care if ukrainians are needlessly dying , he 's too busy being greece 's konrad adenauer , or pretending to be . 
  the man is clearly aiming to have his name be associated with the return of greek strength , and he 's taking some truly shady roads to get there . 
  we need to make javert 's hat a neckbeard thing . 
  we are the silent heroes , the quiet philanthropists . 
  we are ... 
  le reddit army * tips fedora down to cover eyes *, 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted , at its core , the soviet union was an incredibly nationalistic state that killed millions . 
  the distinction is important , but not so big that russia is any better . 
  in fact , many would argue that nazi ideology was less `` evil '' because it included private ownership . 
  none of that would be an issue if russia did n't f * cking invade ukraine in the first place . 
  if you 're seeking to judge a group of people for having negative attitudes towards a country that is invading them , and has only done one good thing for modern europe compared to the long lost of bad things , then i suspect you 've got a bit of a russian bias . 
  ukrainians are n't invading russia . 
  they are n't funding an artificial civil war . 
  they 're not sending jets to harass russian airspace . 
  why are russians becoming increasingly nationalistic when they 're they 're the only aggressors ? 
  why do they hate the eu when the eu has been trying to promote euro-russo friendship since the soviet union fell ? 
  ehm , you do realize that putin was in the kgb and almost certainly ( fuck , we know for a fact ) committed crimes against humanity . 
  having proof written by the criminals themselves could go great lengths to discredit the current leadership of russia , which is balls deep in the soviet thug orgy . 
  this sub also has ( mostly ) informed people posting on it . 
  a lot of europeans are still prone to believing in things that we on the internet know are simply false or twisted . 
  no doubt , it was a real risk watching that when i was young and impressionable because by god , did the nazi 's know how to seduce . 
  europeans agree that fox news is literally worse that the triumph des willens . 
  you can joke about that clown all you want , hungarians with internet access who have the ability to understand basic concepts ( like jokes , or why orban is a corrupt dickweed ) wo n't mind !, 
  we 'll be neighbor 's in the russian death camps when western europe sits by and allows russian aggression . 
  * glares at all of the western europeans in the thread * . 
  i know , i do n't fully buy into the patriotic stuff during peacetime ( france does some pretty cool stuff in africa though , i kind of feel like we owe those people some help ) , although i 'd probably be ideologically vile if anyone actually attacked europe . 
  having lived outside of europe extensively throughout my life , i do n't take kindly to anyone messing with my little fortress of reason and civilization haha .
