  i have a friend from there , but no , i 've never been . 
  to be fair , it 's usually the least desirable of a nation that leave their homeland . 
  i 've observed this with hungarians , i like the people in my country but the ones living here in the us are ( usually ) the vain ones , the greedy ones , the ones for home our home is n't good enough . 
  this applies partially to my father , as much as i love him he left in part because he has an obsession with america , and a disdain for our humble country . 
  britain did n't survive , it was invaded and taken over several times . 
  modern day brits ca n't reasonably claim continuity from the britons that the romans first encountered , unless they 're willing to claim a closer relationship to germans and the like . 
  unfortunately , slavs do n't count as white to many in the west . 
  our fault for letting centuries of oppression by the rest of our neighbors turn us into aggressive depressed alcoholics . 
  japan and canada both received great trade deals from the us , which is n't likely for the uk when the us now has a perfect chance to extend hegemony over you . 
  japan has a bigger industry , canada is right next to the us , and has resources . 
  i think a lot of us in the east would n't like how far left they are . 
  there will always be something in europe from now on . 
  even a somewhat dysfunctional eu is preferable to what we had before . 
  i just like british people , even though they ruined europe that one time . 
  i have a good amount of friends from there and i think you have to work hard to find a brit that is n't an alright guy in some way . 
  low life expectancy , high suicide rate , low birth rate , high depression rate . 
  post-soviet prosperity my friend . 
  europe did n't block action in syria , where do you get this from ? 
  europe was for the most part onboard with the american policy of arming terrorists , several eastern european countries went out of their way to cooperate with the us by selling surplus weapons to the syrian rebels . 
  this was all done under the assumption that the us would help ensure a rebel victory and end the war . 
  obama did n't do this , and the house did n't push him to stay true to his word . 
  as for afghanistan , it was an unpopular war from the start , yet european countries * voluntarily * supported the us in the field and politically , providing assistance proportional to their size . 
  why would european countries send any more than that ? 
  to what end ? 
  afghanistan is unimportant , it holds no strategic value to europe , so why is n't it good enough for you that our governments still participated as a show of support to the us ? 
  i suggest you take some political science classes once you get to college , it seems like you need it . 
  where do you think we got them from ? 
  for one we let you use european intelligence networks , and the us has extensive power over the deployment of european soldiers in the event of a war . 
  do you know anything that is n't from facebook news sources ? 
  this is like saying that trump will never become president . 
  it 's a logical and well informed statement , but that means nothing today . 
  it 's best that you start drinking now , alcoholism and depression are the official past-times of the `` shit-on-by-russia '' club . 
  we meet on sundays after church . 
  measles : soccer mom is right that vaccines are ` obsolete ', 
  a lot of indians are also domestic there too no ? 
  dracula was n't `` romanian '' in the contemporary sense , i 'd be pretty annoyed if everyone associated me with something that is n't even what i am . 
  i would argue that they 're quite the opposite . 
   southern estonia i do n't mind this, 
  why do scandinavians understand aesthetics so well ? 
  you 'd be surprised , most europeans can do a decent job of telling other europeans apart , and we 've been mixing for quite a while . 
  north africans are even easier to pick out , for obvious reasons . 
  relevant in this case , he 's talking about visual profiling . 
  angry reacts only, 
  did n't france fight on the wrong side during the thirty years war ? 
  how many of those people saying those things passingly on the internet will actually perform acts pf violence ? 
  how can you compare graffiti on a mosque to murder ? 
  we have a few more days left , and this is the season of christians hanging out in large groups . 
  i 'm honestly surprised that nothing has hit hungary yet for our prominent role in the media as anti-muslims . 
  no , not like that at all . 
  europe was mostly against america 's ventures at the time . 
  this is less about invading the middle east , and more about denying their people access to our world . 
  i do n't want to point fingers , but that 's a lie and i actually do , some religions specifically excuse crimes against non-believers . 
  wew , well put friendo . 
  well put . 
  you should n't come on here being suck a crusader . 
  sticking your dick in some imaginary moral high ground will only weaken the union , and people like you will be at fault for destroying it . 
  no , you 're just giving up because i called on you on your ridiculous veiled attack on sovereignty . 
  jargon might work with most people , but not here bud . 
  your contempt of democracy would n't be so offensive if you were n't so pompous about it . 
  that is actually what a democracy is . 
  you vote , the vote gets counted . 
  you even switched over to `` republican representative regimes '' . 
  did you read over your post before submitting ? 
  it 's a cruel day when i see a leftist do some mental gymnastics to make democracy look bad while defending democratic values . 
  you do realize that you 've typed out a paragraph when you could have just said `` people are too stupid to be allowed a vote '' . 
  yes actually . 
  i 'm eastern european and i want total freedom of movement to end . 
  we have no right to go to countries like germany and thrive off of them . 
  we have no right to leave the land behind that our ancestors bled for . 
  we should improve our own situation . 
  eastern europe is n't so bad either . 
  people are just so money hungry that they become selfish . 
  i have a serbian friend who is n't even a german national and he 's unemployed in germany with a baby and his wife , living the good life on welfare . 
  with his car flipping and his skills , he could easily give his family a good life in serbia , but he chooses to leech off of germans . 
  this is wrong . 
  i 've argued with him many times over this . 
  my people are undeserving of such luxury because we take advantage of it . 
  i know it sounds crazy to have someone arguing against sweet demo-socialism bucks , but it 's a system that makes people lazy . 
  i do n't care dude . 
  orban made it legal for hungarians living outside of hungary to vote , to affect the lives of others without it affecting them . 
  the contempt i hold for these people is the same contempt i hold for you . 
  you 've already abandoned your country , i do n't think anyone cares what you think of it . 
  in english it basically means a democracy that 's less transparent and more exclusive , but what people are referring to is when orban said it , which is different in hungarian . 
  he just wants hungary to be more conservative . 
  the eu does n't enforce its values elsewhere , so why here ? 
  it does n't protect european values in any sense because it defines european values as something foreign to many europeans . 
  it does n't protect our borders , does n't protect its citizens ( relying on nato to protect us ) . 
  all it does is throw money around . 
  hell , it 's not even an entirely democratic institution itself . 
  orban was voted into power . 
  law and order was voted into power . 
  for the most part , they represent the will of the people . 
  people like you have no right to dictate what we do . 
  you have no right to tell us to take refugees , you have no right to tell us how to handle criminals in our own country , and you have no right to shame us for our own problems . 
  if you delude yourself into thinking that , then the union truly is doomed . 
  there is no abstract philosophy binding the eu other than we 're better off working together . 
  what 's going on in poland does n't affect that at all . 
  poland has actually been doing quite good , and it has been a productive member of europe since it was freed from communism . 
   hostile foreign powers lol says the person trolling on behalf of the country that started a war in ukraine, 
  you remind me of myself when i was fifteen .
