  that takes a lot , certainly more than it takes to make jokes , 
  now , you see , i have a million reasons why i should be offended by you dismissing ww1 , just like you would have a million reasons to be upset by me saying `` vukovar massacre ? 
  do n't care '' . 
  time does n't devalue events , it just helps people get over them , but that process of getting over something does n't restrict free speech . 
  you 're entitled to caring about something more than others , just like anyone is entitled to a joke about something , a joke that was n't even morbid or ignorant . 
  the serbian guy that this post was about is most certainly both of those things , but / u/bowgentle 's comment was light hearted and historically accurate , on two counts . 
  european history gets quite funny if you wait long enough . 
  not that the lessons should ever be forgotten , or that we should abandon some form of being considerate , but how can we ever claim to be new people , new nations , if we ca n't let go of our past anger ? 
  being a hungarian would n't be bearable if i was n't able to laugh about the * couple * of years that we lived under turkish rule , or jokingly reference how terrible the second world war was . 
  through this , we accept the past and move on . 
  i know more than most how fucking terrible people can be , but the only way to stay sane and retain hope is laugh about the absurdity of europe sometimes . 
  if his comment still offends you , then suck it up . 
  he 's entitled to his opinion , as are you to downvote him . 
  not to mention that he 's referencing world war 1 , where we all lost plenty . 
  10/10 , literally reached for my sturmgewehr when you mentioned rape , ended up spilling coffee on my export panzer 4 . 
  serbia-chan pls stop, 
   e.g. 
  in terms everyone should understand , this is similar to advocating a hungary with access to the adriatic sea ... 
  hold up , do n't go comparing a just , righteous , some might say * holy * crusade to give the glorious kingdom of hungary its rightful land ( / s ) , to some serb being mad about croatia 's mad skills at seceding overnight . 
  seriously though , croatia plz come back , we 'll get everyone from the old empire together and relive the good old days . 
  remember when we went to war with russia ? 
  was n't it fun ? 
  was n't it ? 
  was n't it fun ? 
  please come home ... 
  believe me , i feel the pain of lacking competent locals . 
  hungary has very little in the way of valuable experience as a democratic nation , i wish the austrians would just take us back or something . 
  the sad thing is , i 'm not even kidding . 
  we 're a nation that is unfit to rule itself , as it stands right now . 
  til that ukrainians are surprisingly open to outsiders leading them . 
  kind of puts my own people to shame haha . 
  this can go either way , but i hope to god that the optimism from ukrainians will be rewarded . 
  to us , if it 's in europe , then fuck yes . 
  a neighbor with a rough history messing with an even closer neighbor matters above almost everything else . 
  it 's not irrelevant to people who are at risk of being messed with by russia . 
  ah , yes , a russian task forced poised to fight the nords in ukraine ... 
  i was against this tax until you posted that . 
  being a citizen of the us , i do n't trust the words of our overlords much these days . 
  corporate profit = / = national profit . 
  to be fair , news outlets should n't report on these statements until there 's more beef to them . 
  eastern europeans ( being one myself ) are n't the best with timing public statements . 
  i actually learned quite a bit about the holocaust , in detail , in the american school system , and before you reference an overused meme about obesity and a poor school system , american schools teach the holocaust several times throughout a student 's education . 
  they never taught me who frederick the great was , but by god did i know the name of every death camp . 
  denial * is * still a thing in hungary , and i fucking hate it , just like how i hate serbian denial , russian denial , turkish denial , german denial , american denial , and any denial of war crimes . 
  oh , gosh , i 'm sorry , i did n't realize that we were ranking evil . 
  i was under the impression that targeting a group of people with violence simply because of their race , religion , or creed was a bad thing to do , but i suppose you 're right , so long as you stay under the magic number , everything is alright . 
  i 'm sickened by war crime denial , exactly because of my blood . 
  my people were tools * and * masters in something fucking terrible , and i own up to it , because owning up to it is the first step to being better . 
  it seems like some of us take longer than others . 
  there is no being political about war crimes , serbia the nation did bad things , and the more it denies them , the worse its people look collectively . 
  watch out for those totally real and spooky albanian rape gangs though , god forbid they taint your virtuous slavic culture . 
  ehhh , i 'm not saying anything bad about american imperialism . 
  america meddles , but its general conduct is still postivie globally . 
  as a hungarian , i wish america would have been a bit more interventionist in the setting . 
  not that there were n't reasons for america not helping hungary during ' 56 , but to put it plainly , american interests aligned with our own , for the most part . 
  glory to all dead victims of the most recent genocide in european history as well then , huh ? 
  on a serious note , do serbian schools not teach what happened ? 
  is denial still a thing there ? 
  since when did russia care about its own interests ? 
  honestly , the last century + has been russia fucking itself and then fucking its neighbors . 
  sure did n't mind letting the russians have hungary , after we specifically asked for help . 
  not that i do n't understand why the us did n't do anything , but picking tough fights carefully is precisely the reason why the us is a superpower . 
  the american era of imperialism is a perfect example of this , while the nations of europe were busy fighting each other and not making any real headway , the us was rooting its power into small and weak nations , to eventually become the master of not only the america 's , but the pacific as well . 
  i do n't know , but it 's kind of a cool thing to do . 
  * i do n't know , but it 's kind of a cool thing to do . 
  despite the many irresponsible gun owners i 've met here in the us * shiver * who have made me question civilian gun ownership quite a bit , i agree . 
  ultimately , murder is a culture of its own , and its root is far more complex than a bit of fine western european steel and powder . 
  the eu is n't forcing the uk to stay , the process is being delayed by both sides of the argument . 
  pro-eu do n't want to give ukip the legitimacy of a vote , and the ukip knows that they would probably lose a referendum . 
  you folks managed to keep scotland , but you also kept the part of your country that wants to stay in the eu more than you . 
  i 'm kind of getting the british pride vibe from you ( `` good reason to get as far away from you lot as possible '' , thanks for speaking of europe so sweetly ) , which further reinforces what i said . 
  the movement to leave the union is founded almost entirely in appealing to nationalism . 
  there 's very little effort being made to change the eu from your country 's end . 
  your statement does n't really hold up in the world of reality . 
  people regularly make bad decisions for themselves , which is totally fine as long as it only effects themselves , but the uk 's decision will have a great impact on europe , and a movement fronted by ukip is very , * very * far from one that has the best interests of its constituents in mind . 
  if forcing the people of the uk to stay in the eu for a few more years to prove that we 're not going to open their gates to polish muslims that will rape their children and tarnish british honor , then so be it . 
  hell , maybe farage will do more in the eu than yell at the representatives of other countries and be an embarrassment to the human race . 
  god forbid he tries to make eu membership work for the uk . 
   and i can totally see how when ukraine went from russian ally to applicant to nato/eu in a matter of months it stresses the hell out of russia . 
  ukraine was an eu applicant for several years , until its president was clearly strong armed by russia into doing a 360 and going against the popular desire . 
  when russia began invading ukraine and feeding an artificially sustained civil war , ukraine decided to seek the help of the west . 
  i can see where you 're coming from in your desire for caution , but it is a complete , total fallacy that russian leadership genuinely fears anything . 
  it 's a commonly toted piece of false rhetoric on the part of pro-russians that has little basis in reality . 
  everything that they might fear is a direct result of their actions . 
  if they feared nato , they would n't be giving us reasons to go to war with them every single day . 
   we really need to define the difference between isolationism and being against military interventionism . 
  yes , we do , because i feel like there 's something unclear here . 
  the article you posted on is n't about direct military intervention . 
  the us trains alongside countless nations , many neutral ones too . 
  it 's not a surprise , or a special thing that americans are training ukrainians . 
  i understand if you do n't want america to rush into a war , but offering training and being part of negotiations is n't a risk at all , it can only do good . 
   we 're a nation like anyone else . 
  acting like we are n't is what has continually gotten us into trouble decade after decade . 
  as much as i hate it sometimes , the us * is * special . 
  you have an perfect location geographically , with no close threats , and the here 's why the us is stronger than the eu right now , because the us is a single nation , whereas the eu , which could easily match the us in wealth , technology , and industry , is a collection of nations that are n't even done fighting each other . 
  the us is an extremely important counterweight against nations like russia , which would n't have a hope of defeating the eu in war but still have enough strength that they can get away with instigating war and turmoil . 
  like it or not , the eu is dependent on the us , and the us had a big hand in making it that way . 
  your country found a way to make the strongest region on earth into its dependent , and i think you should think twice before wanting to give that up . 
  this arrangement is n't forever , the eu knows that it needs to stand on its own , but things like this take a long time , and the us has plenty of its own interest in curbing russian aggression now , when it can . 
  alaska and canada are also having their own issues with russian probing , this is n't a problem confined to ukraine .
