  familiarity and lobbying play much bigger roles . 
  we do n't stone gay people to death . 
  also , there was plenty of complaining from our neighbors about said refugees . 
  * also * , nato seemed awfully eager to fight communism and assist the resistance of communism unless it involved actually fighting communism . 
  so do n't go acting like our little unimportant revolution and its aftermath were anything to make us want to be more open to anyone outside of eastern europe . 
  we 're helping them along to austria , beyond our borders its not our concern . 
  and if that sounds harsh , that 's the attitude that germany has had on a lot of issues where we could have used the richest and most influential european country 's assistance or backing . 
  germany is awfully hesitant to be our leading nation unless it involves bringing muslims in . 
  because , the refugees are already practicing their german . 
  / u/cockmongler is on the job fellas , no need to worry !, 
  because they want money , and germany has the most of it , and is the most generous with it . 
  you keep talking like that and we might just let you keep szekely land , 
  woot , we 're on the front page almost every day !, 
  fuck you putin and fuck you isis , our arrows will carpet your homes and our steeds will trample your children !, 
  pillage, 
  brother , we did it . 
  we have not only removed kebab , we have shown him error of his ways and turned him towards our enemies . 
  the neo-warsaw pact will march on brussels on day . 
  the eu is basically handing far-right groups the votes they need . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but it 's not addressing the wants of many countries , and it 's also pushing my country further away from the eu into putin 's strong , pale arms . 
  * shivers *, 
  well , no war in parts of the country . 
   i wonder what 's going to happen when these people get to germany or denmark or sweden and realize that these states ca n't give them keys to brand new apartments . 
  and when they realize how much apartments and houses cost in those countries . 
  they will move into the cheapest neighborhoods , and new ghettos will be born . 
  statistics actually have a way of misleading people with no actual experience or insight into a topic . 
  i actually live in california , you need to be looking for trouble to find it . 
  overall a far more safe place than eastern europe . 
  there 's no gypsies here , and i know that matters to you because you do n't do a good job of masking your racism . 
  i think what we 've come to is you not being able to give in even though you 're wrong and have nothing to back up your argument other than misinterpreted statistics . 
  the fact that you 've quoted three things without being able to pull an argument out of your ass kind of speaks for how the rest of your replies will go , so let it go . 
  neither are the crime rates in neighborhoods that most californians never set foot inside . 
  you must have a very narrow world view if statistics sway you to such opinions so easily . 
  i do n't care if they steal nudes of my girlfriend , just keep those bad boys parked in europe and we straight . 
  there 's something about the b-1 lancer ... 
  the looks and the name just sync up perfectly . 
  just say it , `` lancer '' . 
  think about it immolating a column of russian tanks . 
  yum . 
  also , pls send weapons and ammo , we hab russian minority and putin knows, 
  okay , well , i 'm glad that straight outta compton left a big impression on you , a lot of people worked really hard on that movie , but you 're simply wrong . 
  i 've driven every part of this city , but i clearly missed the `` decay '' you describe . 
  property values are through the roof , and we 're having the biggest boom in construction for decades . 
  not only that , but we 're one of the first us cities to raise the minimum wage to $ 15 . 
  also , i 'm sorry to tell you but your \u00dcbermensch arnold was a shitty governor , so you should be embarrassed . 
  ehm , i kind of feel like you 're new to the internet . 
  did you even look at that source ? 
  it 's literally only ranking californian cities . 
  out of the top 25 most dangerous cities in the us , the only californian one , off the top of my head , would be oakland , and the police force there does an exceedingly good job of containing the problem . 
  in fact , california comes in # 14 in crime rates according to the us census . 
  do you form all your opinions so poorly ? 
  because it worries me how many people on this thread do n't realize that california is probably one of the best states , and best places to live . 
  this is why i do n't like that movie . 
  i live in la and the immigrants are probably some of the more moralistic and hard working people here . 
  the black neighborhoods are n't crime-ridden either , they 're just not as nice and have more police presence . 
  it 's not the early 90 's anymore . 
  i think it 's entirely possible , * especially * with america 's all seeing eye ( intelligence services ) . 
  hey now , we ca n't act too decisively , we might accidentally become a superpower . 
  god knows we have the tools , we just lack the leadership and drive . 
  it 's like everybody is content being comfortable and peaceful europe , and they forget that it was n't good will or peaceful intentions that made europe strong or wealthy . 
  well , i see that you have an agenda , but i do n't . 
  i simply do n't trust my government , i do n't need to mix any emotions or opinions regarding the refugees into that . 
  i think you 're pretending to have a moral high ground that only exists in your mind . 
  whoa , someone had a bad day . 
  the hungarian government has a love affair with lies and claims . 
  the hungarian police are n't exactly up to a standard that i would expect to detain that many refugees . 
  the validity of the statistics does n't matter to me beyond me knowing that they 're not entirely honest . 
  i do n't see what kind of `` world view '' i could construct or destruct with them , it does n't change the situation at all . 
  but nice blind downvote though , you really showed it to this racist fascist magyar . 
  only a minority of comments display any racism . 
  because frau merkel would n't like that , and because we 're not * that * stupid . 
  friend , i do n't know if i 'd trust anyone in our government with statistics . 
  it 's not the feasibility of giving aid and shelter to the refugees that 's the issue , it 's that we 're creating a minority in our nations that has completely different values than us . 
   if syria is safe again my friend , you 'd better get used to those refugees . 
  climate change effects us all regardless of our stance on it . 
  we * can * indeed say no to immigrants . 
  especially if it 's a dude, 
  there 's a finn with a kar98 rifle assigned to each tourist , always watching . 
  they took our land , so i 'll always hate them . 
  but i love them nonetheless , 
  if you 've allowed your enemy to sink magazines upon magazines of rounds full-auto into your defenses , you 've got bigger problems . 
  also , it 's unlikely that the enemy will know that the particular part of cover they 're shooting at has little balls inside of it . 
  they 're all polish snipers, 
  we never really stopped stroking our sturmgewehrs, 
  she pleases everyone very well . 
  in fact , my only complaint is that she 's almost ... too moderate ? 
  i feel odd saying that because i 'm a very loud complainer regarding the lack of moderate stances in politics these days . 
  i suppose some would call me a hawk , i just feel that germany does n't use its power enough on the foreign field . 
  after all , the eu rises and falls with germany and france , their power only means more collective power for us on the world stage . 
  i 'd like for us to be more than america 's sidekick . 
  holy shit you guys have a beautiful country . 
  living here in la , i forget that good engineering and quality construction exist . 
  even compared to other american standards , la falls way behind . 
  my boss ' insanely expensive home , feature in several magazines , sitting on top of the hollywood hills , has such stupid construction choices and poor quality details it makes my head hurt . 
  send help , our hinds ca n't handle this, 
  do n't worry , they 're heading to germany in a few days . 
  still higher than most of the world . 
  persians ? 
  persians . 
  but this time they 're in german cars , to add insult to injury .
