is it hard for russians with degrees to attain work permits as it is right now ? 
  they might get mad at us , but there is n't anything they can do short of causing more agony for ukraine . 
  in the long run , we are more powerful . 
  rash actions and nationalism only pay off in the short run . 
  what else could the west have done ? 
  i really feel for the russian people , but when your government crosses the line from shady to bat shit insane , something has to be done , especially with the situation in ukraine . 
  if we would have done nothing , russians would have felt smug at how powerful they are . 
  now that we did something ( that is nowhere near the level of what we would do if we used the force of arms ) we 're the bad guys for reacting to aggression . 
  i 'm sorry , i really am , but what solution is there short of taking putin out of power and destroying his infrastructure of corruption ? 
  the little bits of water on the screen at the end of the video were perfect . 
  i 'm silently mouthing ` yurop while taking all of this in . 
  so , you 'd rather try to preserve the status quo than evolve with the world ? 
  that 's essentially what you 're saying , because the risk that the uk is taking by leaving the eu is far greater than the * cultural * risk it takes by restricting immigration . 
  the anti-immigration debate is the product of fear-mongering . 
  europeans are n't the ones that are coming to the uk and preaching for sharia law , so what 's with the opposition to people of similar culture to yours coming and working in your country ? 
  you say `` mass immigration '' , but that 's not what 's happening . 
  the uk only has slightly more immigrants per one thousand citizens that germany , and less than austria , so where is this heavy burden of immigration that the uk is struggling against ? 
  i understand your fears , but fighting immigration will never work , short of pushing an isolationist agenda . 
  the uk is much better off strengthening its social services , and thereby strengthening the entire country , than trying to fight a battle that it ca n't win . 
  c'mon iceland , why you got ta be so hard to get ? 
  yea , i 'm sad that events turned out this way , but self immolation is * not * an effective way of caring for your son . 
  californian resident here . 
  people here do n't really know much . 
  about anything . 
  it 's sad that the second largest city in the us ( los angeles ) has almost no awareness of major evens like the ukrainian war . 
  god forbid a police officer is accused of racism though , people will be up in arms without even having heard the officer 's side of the story . 
  americans are fun and friendly people , but their priorities will forever be foreign to me . 
  i understand the argument for caution very well , but russia has crossed several lines , and our response has been pathetic considering the gravity of the events happening in ukraine . 
  one day , ukraine will be in the european union and nato , and this whole mess will be over , but everyone will remember that ukraine was invaded by russia for wanting to be a part of europe , and europe just sat there and watched . 
  i 'm not saying that we should just say `` fuck it '' and launch the nukes , what i 'm saying is that some causes * are * worth suffering for . 
  is that a `` thing '' up there ? 
  danish inferiority complex or something ? 
  i 'm not trying to insinuate anything , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  ouch , sweden is taking shots . 
  am i the only one that sometimes wants to be at least a little bit swedish ? 
  the israeli governments official stance is that antizionism is anti-antisemitism . 
  antizionism is a broad term . 
  the ruling party in the us is making a relatively swift move towards opposition of israel , and the gop knows that its support of israel will only lose votes . 
  i think that the israeli government 's sensitive racism-meter just further loses legitimacy when they make racist comments like this . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think that this is anywhere near the level of hateful shit that some people spew , but still , for a state that is so sensitive about racism , a state that treats opposition of their ideas as racism , it 's extremely pathetic that their foreign minister would make such an ignorant statement . 
  not to mention that the `` you do n't know how it is here ! '', 
  argument does n't really legitimize any of your actions . 
  we still put war criminals on trial , despite not understanding the thought process that it took for them to commit war crimes . 
  crimes are crimes , regardless of the dire situation that you 're in ( which israel has n't been in for a long time , having no opponents that could match it on the battlefield , and the support of the west ) . 
  you do n't know the hungarian government . 
  as history has shown , the filth of humanity not only looks for slippery slopes , but creates them . 
  the government 's attitude does not , in any sense , represent that of the people . 
  hungary probably has one of the worst governments in europe when it comes to representation of the people . 
  the sub was trending , pretty good exposure . 
  i think it 's pretty good . 
  most bullshit posters are called out fairly quickly , and a majority of the commenters are civil . 
  and * this * ( and lack of conclusive evidence ) is why the swedish military held back on the strongly worded rhetoric . 
  this way , they did n't let a russian sub get away , they just could n't find an unidentified phantom vessel . 
  you know it 's a fuck up when a euro-fanboy like me wants to puke at the audacity of it . 
  i think that he was aiming more for `` we have our good moments too '' . 
  i think that the context of these events makes it particularly bad . 
  here we are , with a government that 's practically on its knees for russia , and on top of that , our government is actively limiting the rights of our people . 
  it 's the wrong direction all-around , and we 're letting it happen . 
  the israeli government seems fairly content to let muslims kill muslims . 
  they have more to gain in the long term if isil continues to create trouble . 
  i 'm usually the first one to point out that russia would lose a sustained war with europe , this is n't quite the same . 
  while i 'm sure that sweden , even fighting alone would draw a * lot * more blood in said conflict , russia would win in the end . 
  * that being said * , russia would pay a terrible price . 
  sweden might be small compared to russia , but it has forests , mountains , and a population that would undoubtedly fight hard against any invader . 
  from there , it 's not a risky assumption to make that nato would intervene . 
  despite that , sweden would n't get immediate help from nato , and it would become less of a partner of nato and more of a battlefield . 
  ugh ... israel , just stop . 
  we 're all over here trying to deal with isil and russia , and you 've got ta go be like this . 
  it 's okay , most racists still prefer you over jews and muslims , and not everyone gets you mixed up with gypsies !, 
  that 's got to count for something , right ? 
  right ? 
  i do n't think that reflects the government 's or the people 's official stance at all , it just so happens that sweden has excellent engineers who make weapons that are in high demand . 
  never forget , so we can keep laughing . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , it would most likely be nuclear if it was sent on a mission of this nature , longevity being a top priority . 
  just speculating though . 
  i feel a little safer knowing that it 's the swedes that are handling the situation . 
  god forbid this would have happened in the mediterranean , the italian navy would be mucking this up in every way possible . 
  they 're not incompetent , if anything they 're the kind of police that modern civilizations deserve . 
  they 're not too heavy handed . 
  unfortunately , they 're going to have to adopt to our new unmodern neighbors . 
  well , the `` right thing '' is whatever benefits your country the most . 
  in that sense , they 're both doing the right thing , or so they feel . 
  the balance of power is shifting , rise brothers , throw off the shackles of the west !, 
  this is a good time to mention that hungarians and finns have common ancestors . 
  it could be worse for them . 
  they united europe twice , i think this is the first time they 've torn it apart . 
  not a bad track record . 
  do you dare imply that the brawn of the hungarian man , forged in the furnace of post-soviet squalor , is not enough to overcome any task ? 
  i feel your anger , i find it frustrating that merkel seems to be hell bent on driving eastern europe out of the eu , but i also understand that the west is still thinking very much on a national level . 
  it seems that european unity does n't matter much to those that have nothing but good will to gain from it . 
  i think mh17 learned whose airspace it is the hard way . 
  the french are probably much more competent on the military front at the moment , mainly because their leading political parties actually like their military for the most part . 
  the uk 's leadership seems to take sport in gutting its navy , but that 's probably because they know america will always help its sidekick . 
  the only thing other european nations are lacking is equipment and other resources , and a european army could fix that . 
  well , if it makes you feel better the eu is already operating on the knowledge that the uk is leaving . 
  it would take a serious change of heart and motivations for the uk to be worth the trouble at this point . 
  i do think that that an eu with a uk is stronger , and vice versa , but an eu with the current uk is weaker , and the attempts to keep it in the union on the part of other member states is mostly just for show . 
  nato is europe 's crutch right now , and because nato does n't function with as much authority over european matters as the eu , it can not demand that members adhere to a standard . 
  a european military could . 
  the reasoning of the american military 's leadership very rarely bases itself on what the best product us .
