  then they should tend to their nation instead of fleeing through many peaceful countries to germany for some reason . 
  and if you bring up hungarians during the '56 revolution , i 'll tell you that they were cowards too , only we do n't do genital mutilation . 
  let 's send them to fight the russians !, 
  you 're also not obligated to have to deal with it . 
  what the european union stands for did n't mean shit when russia started invading ukraine , so why does it matter now when its non-europeans who are complaining that the honey-pot germany is blocked by too many shitty countries . 
  if you 're trying to compare wars and calamities that * united * nations to us losing cultural cohesion , you need to look at what destroyed rome and countless other nations . 
  it was n't the boogieman of war , it was getting comfortable and thinking that you 'll weather every storm by virtue of being more civilized and educated . 
  we passed our climax , and if you ca n't see that then that 's on you . 
  does n't matter , we 've gotten comfy being america 's sidekick . 
  this is a hole that we 're never going to climb out of , might as well accept reality and do what hungarians started doing when world war 2 and communism killed us on the global stage . 
  start looking out for yourself , your country might be a corpse but an m3 and a hugo boss suit might dull the pain  i know i sound salty as piss but you have to understand that complacency is the killer of nations , the moment we think the struggle is over , the struggle overtakes is . 
   until she was rescued by the al-qaeeda affiliate al-nusra front . 
  wow , we 're really falling behind on being the good guys . 
  it 's alright man , our leaders only reflect the flavor of the month , not the souls of our people . 
  hell , i still love russians , even though they 're doing a lot to try and convince me otherwise * eye twitch * . 
  they 're the standard bruh, 
  i 'm not joking in the slightest when i say that such a thing would destroy the eu , or at least prompt us to secede . 
  i was fiercely pro-eu before this whole deal , but if i can be turned by this , plenty of other hungarians will be too . 
  first they were assholes , now they 're too nice . 
  hell , they even managed to screw up the german car industry . 
  germans need a planet of their own , i love them but damn do they have shit luck . 
  having high unemployment looks pretty attractive now , eh brother ? 
  this is the era of europe 's underdogs to rise . 
  hungary is too poor and right-wing for the immigrants to like us , i think the secret is to make orban the president of europe so he can give all of the nation 's wealth to his friends and cut social programs , then the immigrants will leave . 
  yea . 
  germany was basically allowed to become the most powerful voice in the eu , and now that voice does n't give a shit that the rest of europe does n't want immigrants . 
  we can fade away knowing that we impacted world culture more than the romans did . 
  everything comes to an end , and all jokes aside , we did good . 
  the church hierarchy has always had authority to alter the religion . 
  that 's how you get a vatican that says `` hey , evolution might have been a thing '' . 
  islam does n't work like that . 
  double edged sword . 
  nato does n't want to put `` tactical '' nukes at russia 's border , ukraine wants to join nato because russia has a long history of messing with any of its neighbors that are n't in nato . 
  it 's not the world 's fault that russia does n't want to cooperate , nato and the eu were reaching out to russia with an open hand before the ukrainian civil war . 
  being a leader does n't mean you need to carry a big stick . 
  you guys are our biggest economy and hold a great deal of power over the eu , more than any other country . 
  if we had to elect germany , france , or the uk as our representative , i can guarantee you that even with the immigration issue we 'd still pick germany . 
  you guys are rich and powerful , just shush up and deal with it , 
   russia , in turn , appears to favor others being kept in the loop , even if they are n't sitting at the negotiating table . 
  strange times when russia says something i agree with . 
  i could almost like putin and his bunch if he would n't be messing with ukraine . 
  they 're what a first world country deserves . 
  obviously not compatible with sweden 's syrian culture . 
  sooooo ... eu referendum when ? 
  is n't it nice living in a smaller , less wealthy country ? 
  we get to watch frau merkel show us the error of our ways and integrate the middle ages into modern europe !, 
  i wonder if the germans will give us money if we take to our saddles and begin raiding europe again . 
  their culture is comparable to ours as it was in the 6th century , so it 's an appropriate comparison . 
  well , germany is * supposed * to be sort of like europe 's leader , but i guess that 's not really the outlook anymore . 
  thank you the veto system in place is fucking backwards . 
  it is, 
  she seems to understand uh how the uh sentence uh flows uh , uh . 
  that uh being said uh , she says `` uh '' uh ... uh , a lot uh . 
  that bit at the end about the actual reasons contributing to your low crime rates is really appreciated !, 
  i live in america , and while i 'm actually pro-2nd amendment , i often argue with gun owners/lovers because they do n't quite understand the fundamental differences between switzerland and america that invalidate any comparison . 
  it 's a really touchy subject , but i 've been working on rhetoric that allows me to tell an american that he 's more likely to kill me than a european ( minus a russian vacationer ) without offending him . 
  i 'm all for admitting the flaws of our own nations , which comes into conflict with american culture a lot , unfortunately . 
  i think a lot of the cons about american culture would n't exist if they were n't an ocean away from us and could actually see how other western cultures are up close . 
  wowee , sorry for the rant . 
   they report that he seem to have showed support for isis , while also have showed signs of being mentally unstable a bit redundant , no ? 
  only works if the nation administering said colony has the will and brawn to do so indefinitely . 
  getting involved without the ability or desire to finish the job just creates more problems , ie iraq . 
  an eu military should undermind nato , with a european army there would be no need for framework or bases in foreign countries , it would only need to be an agreement to join in one another 's defensive wars . 
  nato is us dominated because the us is nato . 
  it contributes an overwhelming majority of power , and as such nato is really just america and her sidekick retarded european friends who spend all their money on weed and ca n't afford bullets . 
  holy shit you did n't just take one pill did you . 
  everything you just said is factually wrong , and i 'm sure you 've been called out on your bullshit dozens of times before some i 'm not going to repeat what others have already told you . 
  the tension is there to begin with because we are weak . 
  this is such a pathetic way of thinking , we should n't put together a proper military so we do n't offend our neighbor , russia , who has been building up its military and invading neighbors ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there 'd be enough volunteers . 
  i 'd even consider military service if it was in something as big as a european army . 
  because nato is dominated by the americans , who are outsiders . 
  because the nato framework is how we got roped into isaf and a few other fun things . 
  the un is n't very good at the whole preventing genocide thing . 
  after yugoslavia i 'm not trusting them to do anything , and you know more people would have died if it was the un intervening in mali instead of the french . 
  the mali intervention was well executed though . 
  if we intervene on our own terms instead of doing favors for the us , we could help stabilize the world around us , also dealing with the migrant issue . 
  nice thing is if romania gets bad they 'll just get someone else 's land so it 's a bit nicer again . 
  gib clay, 
  are you guys taking back angola ever or is that not a thing anymore ? 
  i ca n't believe that the eternal anglo has found a way to make a movie about a defeat . 
  you guys still have one of the better military forces in europe , definitely a lot more efficient with its funding than others . 
  probably not happening anytime soon . 
  i 'm of the mind that the visegrad group should do something together . 
  i know hungarian manpower and funding would be much better put to use if poles had a say in it . 
  i seriously doubt that serbia is planning on invading anyone so that 's a reasonable attitude to have . 
  people are downvoting you because you 're being overly sensitive to a little joke . 
  and yes , it 's an eu circlejerk because despite its flaws , we have yet to be presented with a better alternative for european relevance in a globalized world that we no longer rule undisputed . 
  it 's not such a horrible thing that most of us still support the eu . 
  attila the hun in hungary jesus christ the memes are becoming real, 
  poland stop this is how liberals get votes without even having to try, 
  hungary is very much pro-europe , but like most other eastern europeans we just want it to be a bit less ... liberal . 
  germans and scandinavians have it so good that they need a way to use up all that money and time . 
  just like the norwegians that came down to hungary to campaign against our referendum . 
  it 's a very good example of how silly it is that nations with completely different values and priorities are bunched together into the same union . 
  it 's a nice idea but stuff like this just reminds me of how differently someone thinks when money , security , and the integrity of their society is n't a concern anymore . 
  absolute madman he 's crashing the eu with no survivors . 
  i 'd love it if the visegrad group made a joint military . 
  it would make sense , hungary and slovakia could learn a lot from poland . 
  there 's a really big stigma against weed in europe , it seems .
