  hungary is a good example . 
  people really like the idea of one europe , they just want the eu to change . 
  i 'm a bit of a euroskeptic but brexit pissed me the hell off . 
  i think the eu is very flawed but i 'm willing to put up with that for the chance of a better eu that works for everyone and not just the left . 
  i do n't understand how so many eastern europeans from small countries can have so much faith , but one of the greatest nations in our history did n't even think to try changing the eu . 
  buddy , if you thing the eu was the cause of all the migrants in the uk , you 've got another thing coming . 
  asylum seekers who commit crimes should be deported . 
  visegrad group countries can build one big fence , even putin wo n't be able to get in . 
  it 's a cultural thing , do n't be racist . 
  i 'm not on a high horse , buddy . 
  control over the means of violence is the most basic foundation of sovereignty , this is what they teach you on your first day in polisci . 
  without a competent military capable of projecting power , a political entity is severely handicapped in any sort of foreign diplomacy . 
  these are facts , complaining about the elites does n't negate them , and it certainly does n't give any positive impression of how much you understand politics . 
  the eu rents out the us military , and it has done so for its entire existence . 
  this shows in almost every interaction we have with the us , the eu would n't be as unconditionally supportive of the us if we were n't entirely reliant on them to maintain our sovereignty . 
  the evil one percent you complain about do n't want war in the first world , in our age wars are incredibly bad for business , and the arms industry does n't have much political clout in the eu . 
  on top of that argument , even if the one percent have their own motives , wars have historically been profitable for nations . 
  the us became ( and remains ) the most powerful and secure country in the world because of the type of actions you complain about . 
  if you actually gave a shit about the safety of the people around you you 'd stop thinking so morally and enter the world of realpolitik . 
  arguments like this are why a european country will never happen . 
  happy westerners wo n't ever give a shit about russia , and angry easterners wo n't ever give a shit about the sensibilities of the peace-loving west . 
  the problem is that half of our continent lives in comfort and the delusion of security , while the other half does n't have comfort to distract it from reality . 
  this is a generalization as i realize the west has plenty from the older generation who remember a perilous world , but my generalization clearly is n't off considering that germany has a chancellor who is afraid of her own military and hates the flag of her own country . 
  what future does europe have when our most wealthy and influential country chooses to be a sheep in a world of wolves ? 
  edit : i 'd also like to add on the the us military is crucial for protecting free trade . 
  the eu is as dependent on this as american businesses . 
  this is just one example of the eu or individual members being unable to project meaningful power . 
  france ca n't protect european sovereignty alone . 
  wowee bud , you really drank deep from the fountain of wisdom , this kind of viewpoint is just too stupid and juvenile to even seriously respond to , but it does prove my point . 
  this generation is too ignorant of the real world and comfortable to deal with the realities of the world , and therefor will deserve it when a more powerful force takes them over politically or by arms . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to read a history book ( or think beyond `` le 1 % '' memes on facebook ) then you truly do n't deserve to be part of a sovereign nation . 
  speak for yourself , colonist . 
  i think of europe as one greater nation of people , not everyone feels that way but plenty do , and plenty will once integration gets along further . 
  you 're right , we should just roll over and let the russians and americans walk over us . 
  europe deserves its pathetic end . 
  most people are n't even willing to fight for anything anymore . 
  people who celebrate the ussr are almost as bad as holocaust deniers . 
  millions dead under a genuinely evil dictator , and people rush to make excuses . 
  the only reason i do n't lump them entirely with neo-nazis is because public education does n't give the soviets the attention their evil deserves , ca n't blame people for not going out of their way to educate themselves i suppose . 
  i 'm with you brother . 
  russia sets a foot in any of your countries , i 'm on my way . 
  i ca n't speak for my country politically , but i know that eastern europe is full of people who wo n't just lay down . 
   how much history of the irish in america do you know ? 
  how much of the history of immigration do you know ? 
  a lot more than most `` irish '' - americans who do n't even know that their nation had a bloody 20th century . 
  a lot more than the many americans who tag on meaningless words to what they actually are , americans . 
  i did n't say regional differences do n't exist because of the original nationality of the migrants , but irish-americans and italian-americans are n't irish or italian , they are americans whose ancestors were x , they have more in common with other americans than they do with europeans . 
  people whose families have n't been to their countries of origin in generations have little claim on the title that comes with it . 
  when someone tells me their irish then that claim comes with knowing that they experienced a very serious time in history , either firsthand or by proxy of family members . 
  it 's a privilege to call yourself anything , because through that you 're also laying claim to the history of your people . 
  let 's just say that our avenues will be sorely lacking in the middle eastern cuisine department . 
  kind of funny how so many americans i meet ( i live in the us atm ) cream themselves over how irish they are , yet know nothing of ireland . 
  assuming that mlp is le pen , how do you feel about the eu ? 
  i 'm pretty pro-eu ( mild skeptic ) and it feels like the people taking the migration issue seriously ( and often the issue of corruption and mismanagement ) are heavy euroskeptics . 
  does n't leave me with many options . 
  in hungary the only parties that care about stopping non-european migration are our mainstream right that 's incredibly corrupt , or our far right which says some very rude things about jews . 
  i think the problem is that there 's only so much we can do without appearing like fascists . 
  controlling migration is something we should have done decades ago , there 's already too many migrant communities that will never integrate . 
  what now ? 
  make them wear special armbands ? 
  the pc crowd will never allow keeping an eye on muslims in particular , so what , monitor every citizen ? 
  do n't worry buddy , visegrad 4 countries have a plan  just ca n't tell you westies about it yet . 
  that 's not even what people are so afraid of though . 
  a heavy handed government will deal with criminals , squatters , and illegal migrants . 
  this is a chief concern . 
  you 've kind of missed my whole point , people in western countries are used to things that eastern europeans still do n't necessarily feel like they 're guaranteed . 
  like safety and security in your place in life . 
  spin it however you want , but a government that enforces the status quo aggressively is simply more appealing to people who only care about their place in life . 
  that 's very true . 
  you 're absolutely right , our desire for powerful leadership blinds us to other things , this is what i 'm trying to say . 
  i 'm explaining why , but i want to be clear that i 'm not justifying all of it . 
  it is simply how things are right now . 
  i know i 'm treading here , but a lot of you really do n't get what it 's like to live in a culture where sovereignty and security are n't guaranteed . 
  this is a chief fear in eastern europe , a very realistic one if the eu or nato failed to uphold their mission . 
  the basis of government is power , we need that first before we can have anything else , that 's why eastern europeans see nothing wrong with powerful governments . 
  my great-grandmother says that at least under horthy , crime was low and the streets were safe ( pre-russians ) . 
  this is just how people think , and i think it 's a little unfair to judge us for it when your countries are far more secure and confident in scraps of paper than we are . 
  i think this comment should be at the top . 
  this is the reality in eastern europe . 
  so long as crime is being fought effectively , the russians are n't invading , and my possessions and loved ones are safe , why fight for abstract values ? 
  i 'm not polish so i do n't know if law and order are fighting corruption very effectively , but if they 're telling the truth then much like hungary 's jobbik , it 's a ideal scenario than than what many and my of my countrymen perceive as our nation 's government being weak and ineffective . 
  i hate orban but i absolutely appreciate him protecting our borders and giving conservatives a voice . 
  that 's how ( in my opinion ) many slavs are , we respect power and authority first because it 's a basic need in government before you can even start talking about guaranteed rights . 
  the memes just keep coming . 
  huh , thanks for mentioning that , it 's a new perspective to me . 
  shame about the corruption in hungary . 
  i often feel bitter about the hand history dealt us , but the fact is that we are n't doing much to help ourselves right now . 
  all that eu money and it goes to waste . 
  brexit probably wo n't do anything in the way of helping the uk , but i think it may have saved the eu . 
  it 's hard to tell , of course , but this might have been the push it needed . 
  is that politically possible ? 
  i like the idea , it just seems optimistic . 
   i just happen to disagree that i have more in common with say a bulgarian , hungarian , italian etc. 
  then i do with a nigerian or a jamaican etc. 
  i have the impression you have n't traveled very much at all . 
  yea , i do . 
  the people who live in europe and share cultural foundations all happen to be white because of the climate in the region . 
  do you have a problem with that ? 
  did i not conform to the pc mold like you expect remainers to ? 
  well that 's the magic of brexit , you wo n't get any more immigrants similar to you , but you 'll still get indians and arabs !,
