  moral bankruptcy , sounds like . 
  the motivations are absolutely worse with humans . 
  animals do it out of nature , for the most part , and even the ones that savor kills do n't come close to the kind of darkness a regular human mind can conjure up . 
  well you can annex without a core , it just wo n't be very fun for anyone . 
  not that i believe this is justification for treating humans poorly , but animals are far more innocent than any human could ever be . 
  some countries do n't want immigrants . 
  if the eu begins to dictate these kind of things , those countries will stop supporting the eu project . 
  also ironic that germany is the one edging on dictating immigration quotas when they 're one of our wealthiest fucking nations and still ca n't work past their war guilt and have a real military to help protect europe with . 
  i 'd take germany and more seriously if they did n't just rent out the job of protecting europe to the us . 
  socialism works just fine . 
  some nations just are n't very good at it or have some developing left to go before they can attempt it realistically . 
  well , capitalism is exploitation at its core . 
  i do n't say that as a commie , it 's simply the truth . 
  i 'm finishing my education here , and potentially building some good base of wealth so i can move back to hungary and get into some position where i can do good . 
  i 've considered politics for a while now , the urge is getting stronger with time . 
  good preference for when we bomb each other to shit yes ? 
  the issue is that if everyone ran to the greener grass , the good countries would immediately become shit and the countries on the downturn would collapse completely . 
  if you want to look out for you that 's totally your decision , but i 've lived many places and i 've come to realize that money and luxury only matter as much as the television tells you . 
  i 'm actually considering moving back to my native hungary and leaving a lot of potential money behind here in the us . 
  it 's just not worth it for me , i need to be with my people and help them deal with our problems . 
  if we ca n't do that , we do n't deserve the sovereignty our ancestors fought for . 
  to be fair , paris is a bad example of france and turkey is a bad example of abroad . 
  jesus christ man , working minimum wage at my retail job here in california i only need to work eleven and a half hours to make that much money . 
  how hard is it to immigrate to a western european country ? 
  i 'm hungarian and i 've done that , but that 's because my mother was german and i had citizenship . 
  either way , with that suicidal attitude i 'm sure you 'd fit in somewhere in the west !, 
  i kid of course . 
  well , about the suicidal bit . 
  if the rapist has good taste he 'll see the habanero bottle and try to rape some wings at buffalo wild wings instead . 
  wait , we do n't have that in europe , do we ? 
  because they stand in complete contrast to everything me and my people have ever believed in . 
  also , most stated goals of anarchy always lead to a utopia-like state of things , which simply would not work . 
  someone always takes power , there is no way to abolish the state or any social structures like it without something coming up in its place . 
  it 's nothing personal , but i hate anarchy , and i often find myself hating anarchists the moment the start talking about anarchy . 
  i just oppose the very core of their beliefs . 
  he does that indeed . 
  the major issue with him is that he 's corrupt , but that 's not so out of the ordinary in my part of the world . 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not our problem . 
  i feel like we 're kind of lucky though . 
  even though our leader is a dick , at least he 's right about some things . 
  i hate anarchists even more now . 
  i say this every time someone throws the hungarian refugee situation after our failed uprising in my face . 
  they undermine their own democracy . 
  democracy is not the magic answer , if the polish people want to trade freedoms for securities , that is their choice . 
  not all cultures desire the same things . 
  there 's a very large line between warmongering and making it illegal for your citizens to fight in foreign wars . 
  it 's hard to get into special forces , that was my initial point . 
  it 's a bit tyrannical to arrest a man for joining a recognized military force to fight unrecognized terrorists . 
  if you disagree with that then you 're part of the problem . 
  you having a weak stomach for war should n't bar other from fighting for what they believe in . 
  you 've completely missed the point and forced a completely different point into your response . 
  kind of cheesy tbh, 
   it 's not like you can hate them for doing it , but why not try to join the intelligence services ? 
  or the special units of the military ? 
  there 's far more people who want to fight for a good cause than there are people eligible for intelligence and special forces . 
  also , few european countries are active in the middle east . 
  i 'd love to roam the deserts of syria with a band of hussars and find some extremists to fight , but the hungarian government is n't exactly funding that kind of field trip right now . 
  but war is bad , m ` kay ? 
  unless nato says otherwise , of course . 
  this complete aversion to war in all forms from european leadership is just trying to put a lid on the problem instead of trying to solve it . 
  the legitimacy of the catholic church as an inheritor of rome is up for question though , due to its split with the ere over the iconoclasm . 
  the orthodox church is technically more `` roman '' in the cultural sense , and i say that as a catholic . 
  which parts of europe though ? 
  britain and france are n't europe , they 're just parts . 
   the best we ever got was idiotic populism many times we said too many would come , and that they would n't integrate . 
  lucky for us it 'll be germany paying the biggest price , no matter how much merkel wants to force her fuck up on the rest of us . 
  finno-ugric people just seem to get each other the best . 
  the czech and slavs can come too . 
  i agree completely . 
  we owe nothing to them . 
  we did n't destabilized the region repeatedly , and we 're not the ones with the most resources to do it either . 
   bad weather , rough seas and regular drownings have failed to deter people from making the potentially fatal journey . 
  obviously , they come from a culture where the police and soldiers are much harsher . 
  same issue we had in iraq and afghanistan , our troops treated them like toddlers compared to how saddam and taliban troops treated the locals , and not only did they not respect us for it , they took advantage of it . 
  hungary here . 
  need more slavic votes , pls join, 
   unless there genuinely is some sort of code of conduct i 've not heard about !, 
  it 's called sharia law my friend, 
  it was all bullshit . 
  the western members of the eu do n't care about the eastern members , and our solidarity in protecting the peace and well being of europe crumbled the moment it came time to make good on our words . 
  i was fiercely pro-eu before the ukraine war and this whole immigration crisis , but i 've been disappointed too many times . 
  i wo n't vote against the eu or anything like that , but i do n't think we can ever be one nation of people with a common belief . 
  too much disparity in wealth , values , and fears . 
  soooooo i take it that circumventing the eu and getting a pipeline through turkey probably is n't going to ever happen for sure now , huh ? 
  [ * rubs hands together * ] ( http://thewealthwatchman.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/paris-5.jpg ), 
  you 're very right , our current government is quite corrupt , unfortunately . 
  on a related note , abolishing the monarchy seems fairly pointless to me . 
  we 've traded people that did n't need to lie and steal to gain their wealth and power for people who do need to lie and want to steal everything that is n't bolted down because they 're only elected for so long . 
  i honestly do n't think eastern europe was ready for western political systems , we still respect strength too much and will overlook bad things if we think a leader is strong . 
  ie putin . 
  i hate the man but even i have trouble not feeling respect for someone that will go so far to get something done , even if it 's immoral . 
  then again , putin just does n't hide things as much as other world leaders . 
  i try not to think about these things too much : /, 
  * a chorus of bicycle bells builds up in the distance *, 
   well , sorry , but helping refugees from conflict zones is part of what means being a `` western '' country . 
  my point exactly , you 're defining what it means to be someone you are not . 
   not an unlimited number and not in a chaotic manner , sure . 
  seemingly endless and chaotic is what it 's been . 
  the least the eu could do is send help to the nations that have to manage the flow of migrants .
