   eastern european economic and military alliance is a pretty good idea . 
  honestly this is the only way i see eastern europe being more than a buffer zone in the future . 
  i do n't give a shit about tensions of the past or how much land my country lost , i just want me and my neighbors to stop being objects that russia and germany fight over . 
  please gib to hungary everyone is leaving we need more white people ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ joking, 
  they like us one percent less than they like americans ? 
  what the fuck guys ? 
  remember when we had one king ? 
  remember the good times when we fought the ottomans ? 
  remember all the fucking laughs we had after vienna ? 
  v4 , more like b4 you broke my heart, 
  christianity did a lot to unite europe . 
  the whole `` christian dark ages '' thing is almost entirely a myth , and if we 're weighing the unification of the european people under one general culture against some crusades and wars ... war happens either way . 
  after the thirty years war when everyone ( in europe ) sort of decided that religion was n't worth fighting over , nationalism sprung up . 
  people are violent , and they 'll try to find a just cause for it but they wo n't stop for lack of one . 
   does this guy get some kind of psychiatric evaluation ? 
  my friend , i think europe spends enough on social welfare , the cost of evaluating every muslim is too high . 
   should we have the leaders of our country go out and denounce the islamic faith and marginalize muslims more than they already feel in our societies ? 
  yes . 
  integrate or get out . 
  i 've lived as a catholic hungarian in both germany and now the united states , i accept my place as an immigrant and respect local customs and laws , even though both of the countries i 've mentioned do things that i view negatively as a hungarian * and * a catholic . 
  i honestly do n't see why people view immigration as a right , or conformity as something terrible . 
  westerners live nice lives , and there 's a fucking reason for that . 
  being muslim is generally not conductive to having a nice lifestyle , and while i strongly support them doing whatever they want from constantinople onwards ( bosnia can come too ) , i support our own right to have a society as we wish it to be . 
  well i think russia gave up any right to have its sphere of power include eastern europe after they spend half a century fucking our culture and society . 
  turkey might have taken our relevance and pride , but they could n't take our fourteen year old qt 's . 
  well , i guess the long version is n't wrong , in a sense ... we really drew the short sticks settling between russia and germany ... 
  roma invicta, 
  what happened to italy ? 
  it seems like a naturally powerful and prosperous region , did you guys have your own reagan/bush years ? 
  time to send in special forces with pistols, 
  i lived in bavaria and stuttgart for a while . 
  i did n't think that the turks were very special immigrants . 
  they did n't like and i tried to act like i liked people who did n't like me , because back then i thought merkel was the shit and that she was going to save us lowly scum types . 
  i do n't think integration has worked very well at all , sure , there 's no turks blowing up belgians , but they 're also not very ... integrated . 
  the poor being well of does n't mean that they 're part of your society . 
  they 're just standing next to it . 
  i never felt like a german , and i feel that distance even more . 
  at risk of turning this into a blog post , i used to be a very enthusiastic would-be german who eventually had to bite his lip too many times at people who were talking with their head in the cloud , and i realized that having citizenship and a couple of german friends would never amount to being more than an outsider that 's situated . 
  anyways , if so many of us christian europeans have trouble actually integrating to countries that are right next to us , i do n't think that integration is a realistic word . 
  i do n't know , i do n't see an avargary anywhere, 
  the huns as we know them were not a single ethnicity or tribe , even during the time of attila his armies were composed of many ethnic groups , there is nothing to strongly indicate that the `` huns '' the romans encountered were one people . 
  the uralic tribes were part of the greater movement of steppe people in the east , and generally accepted to have come with a later wave of the huns . 
  because of the prominence that attila held among all hunnic people , the great migration period magyars considered him a legend for having opened the way for the steppe peoples , as it was attila who vacated the land we occupy now . 
  not that it matters so much anyways , out makeup is mostly slavic , but i do n't think ethnicity matters nearly as much as culture , and to deny that the hungarians could be considered part of the greater hun invasion , fitting the time frame , being tengri worshipers , and being horse archers from the steppe sharing a lot of hun culture ... well , that sounds a little bit like grasping to me . 
  that 's the most hungarian name ever , attila the magyar . 
  populist is a term you can use just as easily when liberals hop on the social justice wagon because it 's a hot topic right now . 
  with characters like trump who regularly * change * their story i do n't mind using the world negatively . 
  executive monkey i usually think you 're kind of a douche but this time you were a funny douche i 'll be putting an internet point into your account today instead of taking one out, 
  i do n't think either of us needs to take refugees . 
  if you do n't want to take them , do n't . 
  i do n't know why there 's this idea that we 're all obligated to take in the refugees of a crisis in another country , especially when doing so has so many negative effects . 
  it 's a choice that countries make . 
  fuck the irish for trying to preserver their language , right ? 
  `` they may take our lives , but they 'll never take our lolis ! '', 
  oh boy , we wo n't let them into our countries , * how evil * . 
  i do n't understand , i would think that merkel would have taken a more conservative and right-wing stance on immigration ? 
  i always thought she was good at keeping everyone just content enough to stay in power but she really dropped the ball here . 
  i 'm not going to mask what i have to say behind a paragraph . 
  minarets do n't fit * because * they 're muslim . 
  i do n't want that and most others do n't , if they want their structures to greet them at their windows then they can stay in their own countries . 
  you have n't actually disproved anything i said . 
  you 're the one tossing the jargon around , i presume you do n't know what that means either . 
   again , i have failed to reali [ s ] e there was a college-level class ( single semester , i assume ? ), 
  that is concerned with the quantification of subjectivity . 
  i ca n't even . 
  there 's a lot of things to say but being mean on the internet did n't get anyone anywhere . 
  goodnight stranger , i hope that someday when you 're a bit older you wo n't do things like :  you do n't need to justify your insane opinions to yourself wew , saying that animals rarely do things out of spite and that humans often do things out of spite is insane . 
  i said it before but you 've given me the motivation to really mean it , i 'm not engaging with you anymore . 
  you 're not even on the same page as me , and i hope that 's intentional . 
  i love meat , and i do n't feel guilty eating it . 
  animals lack subjectivity ? 
  i admitted that they 're sentient , and this indicates to me that you do n't know what sentience means . 
  this is why i do n't start/engage in reddit slapfights , i certainly regretting giving you this many replies . 
  it 's almost always a clear cut case of some kid who digs into his deep bag of jargon to justify being a contrarian . 
  animals follow instincts . 
  almost everything they do is instinct , and while animals can demonstrate an incredible amount of intellect , it is almost entirely exclusive within the realm of * survival * . 
  it is in their nature to pick option a over option b because option a is the clear path to survival . 
  the level of reasoning that animals do is incomparable to that of humans . 
  an animal will not hunt down the hunter that shot its brother and torture it . 
  a human will . 
  an animal will not intentionally prolong the death of another being if it does n't contribute to survival . 
  a human will . 
  an animal will not pick an option that does n't somehow contribute to its survival or well being ( knowingnly ) , and humans pick other options all the fucking time . 
  humans have far , * far * more subjectivity in how they decide which action to take . 
  these are facts , okay ? 
  okay . 
  good talk champ . 
  i 'm not going to sit here and repeat an entire college class to you , go educate yourself , you have google right at your fingertips . 
  i 'm not going to reply anymore because of your bull shit contrarian attitude , if you actually want to prove someone wrong do your research first . 
  that being said , it astounds me that you did n't know this in the first place , it 's primary school material , things you pick up on in life . 
  so it 's here that i realize i 've just been had and i fed the troll . 
  i 'm going to leave my reply up for others though . 
  animals do things out of nature . 
  there 's a reason why it took many , many years for us to even confidently declare them sentient , and even that is still up for debate . 
  so fucking quit it and go to bed . 
  the amount of stupidity that has been displayed by replies this past day is probably the most disappointing thing i 've seen on this sub , i 'm not even going to engage with you guys anymore . 
  it 's just ignorance on your part . 
  i never moved the goal post at all , bud . 
  animals do things out of nature , humans do things out of spite and evil . 
  would you rather shoot a lion standing over its prey than a murdered standing over the person it just killed ?
