  what 's the issue with italy 's membership ? 
  is it a monetary issue ? 
  this is the one good thing about trump being elected , it 's a huge wake up call to the eu . 
  i 'd say it 's important to all of europe . 
  there is no eu without the french and germans getting along . 
  i 'm not even british and i 'd be signing up with the royal marines in a heartbeat . 
  what else do you expect from the guy that bangs his teachers ? 
  absolute alpha . 
  russian orthodoxy likes to promote `` peace '' mainly as a means to secure non-resistance from the oppressed . 
  that 's what the issue is with this picture , yes peace is better , but in the face of the russian domination that the ukrainian people were afflicted with , violence was n't a knee-jerk , wild reaction . 
  yea , that 's what happened . 
  very few hungarians take them seriously , a lot of their voters just vote for them because they figure it 's the best resistance against orban . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but i am putting forward the assertion that public perception matters greatly right now and the eu is dropping the ball . 
  i like the eu , i want it to work , i 'm willing to live with the growing pains , but as an institution it 's not doing enough to cement its legitimacy and squarely address the issues that europeans worry about . 
  we can talk numbers and such all we want , but the most important thing for the eu , above fiscal policy and everything else , is that europeans have faith in it . 
  if that means turning away potential refugees among the migrants , then so be it . 
  obviously i am speaking from a place of doubt regarding the eu 's future . 
  i really believe that if the migrant issue is n't buried soon , our union wo n't survive . 
  i want to be wrong , but i ca n't summon the optimism to see it any other way . 
  i understand if you think poorly of me for it , but that 's how i feel . 
  on top of that , we should be working to resolve the problems at their source . 
  the stream of refugees will be endless if things like the syrian civil war continue to happen . 
  basically , orban is a horribly corrupt person , his party is also horribly corrupt , and they 've changed our constitution to cement their power . 
  fidesz is a center-right party ( on paper ) . 
  our left wing party , on the other hand , is horribly inept , and hungarians in general are not going to trust the left for a long time after a scandal about a decade ago wherein socialist leaders were recorded admitting that they outright lied about the state of the economy and country . 
  on top of that , hungary and all of eastern europe typically does n't like left-wing governments on account of our history with them . 
  little will change . 
  because of the lack of a better alternative party , and because of how hungarians feel under siege by outsiders , fidesz will maintain their grasp on the country . 
  the far-right party , jobbik , occasionally talks about going after corruption and such , but i think they 're just words . 
  on top of that several of their leaders have said some antisemitic things and did n't apologize for it , which really kills their value as a party in my eyes . 
  basically , hungary needs a new center-right party badly , but with how deep orban 's claws are in the country , it 's unlike to happen . 
  hungary is n't all that poor , to begin with . 
  certainly not in the bottom fourth of countries by gdp . 
  also , what affects germany affects all of europe . 
  the tone in hungary right now is that `` if western europe wo n't defend itself , we will '' . 
  we do n't look at our fence as protecting only europe . 
  the migrants can go around it , but we will not be the ones to let them enter europe . 
  this is what a lot of people do n't understand , and why western europeans generally do n't seem to be very good at understanding eastern europe 's deal with the eu these days . 
  hungary is very pro-europe , even my biggest euroskeptic friends love the rest of europe and want it to thrive . 
  when hungarians see a terror attack in france , they do n't think of it as a terror attack in france . 
  it 's a terror attack in europe , our home . 
  we look to places like germany and france as the centers of europe , the nations with enough power to pull the eu into prosperity . 
  if they suffer , we suffer . 
  if they prosper , we prosper . 
  which are all valid points of contention , but orban will have the support of most hungarians as long as the eu stays its course with immigration . 
  many of his supporters are well aware of his corruption , but immigration is a huge issue in hungary . 
  this is why i think it 's stupid to push members to take in migrants , or for eu officials to badmouth orban over immigration , it 's turning the people against the eu or what they perceive as the eu , and working as camouflage for men like orban . 
  what the hell happened ? 
  recently ( i think ) i heard about them pushing to lower taxes , that 's not so bad . 
  very true . 
  a lack of accountability for eu-bucks is just feeding our corruption problems . 
  i would prefer it if brussels was less tough on our cultural values and more tough on how our corrupt government steals their money . 
  it 's ridiculous that we 're having this big debate over people who are n't even european when we have so many issues to settle in our own house . 
  well , when i say right i mean just slightly right of center . 
  i should have clarified . 
  over a million illegal migrants entered europe in 2015 alone , and that 's according to frontex . 
  we do not have a functioning border . 
  drawing a line in the sand does not prevent people from entering , you need a well funded and politically capable border agency to do that , and we do not have that right now . 
  i get that impression , i just have n't really been there to witness it myself so i try not to generalize the west . 
  as a rule i try ( and often fail ) to stick to eastern european politics . 
  the eu does n't have a functioning border . 
  that alone is an issue . 
  why have you abandoned our flag ? 
  are you ashamed :(, 
  hungary does n't want to leave the eu , it 's a question of how the eu should be run . 
  let 's not get carried away , hungary is very far from being a dangerous country . 
  political scandal aside , it 's one of the safest in the world still , even if our cops do n't quite have the reputation of germans and brits . 
  soros is a white businessman . 
  you do n't have to be christian to be white . 
  orban is n't pro-huxit , this is n't what the demonstrations are about . 
  hungary is never leaving the eu , not unless a much more profitable alternative comes up or the eu has a huge scandal . 
  the eu and some member states do n't agree with hungary on immigration . 
  we built a fence in hungary and we 're not letting anyone enter illegally . 
  since most hungarians are very much against europe taking in the amount of middle eastern migrants that the eu leadership is pushing for , orban has sunk his claws into this issue and is using it to shore up support and make himself look like he 's standing up for eastern europeans . 
  in a sense , he is , because as you know in the east we tend to be more conservative and less pro-multiculturalism than our western friends , but orban 's moves are n't genuine . 
  he 's appropriated a genuine issue as a means to win votes , and it worked . 
  unlikely . 
  the country leans right pretty significantly , and jobbik sort of has a monopoly on fidesz defectors . 
  it would take a huge scandal to spark a new right wing party coming into relevance . 
  do n't get me wrong , it would make me happy because i 'm right wing and have no one to vote for , but i do n't see it happening soon . 
  the hungarian people need to get a lot more involved and a lot less apathetic . 
  right now , we have the government we deserve . 
  you seem to be going from `` muslims are n't bad '' to `` muslims are bad but it 's out fault and we should n't judge them for it '' . 
  it does n't really matter in this case if a couple of countries out of europe caused the problems that the middle east is experiencing ( although if you were educated you 'd know that the mongol conquest is when the islamic world started declining and going in the wrong direction ) . 
  it 's a problematic region with a problematic populace , that 's the only thing that needs to be considered in policy making right now . 
   there are definitely thickheads that would try to beat me up or want to kill me for defiling christianity so stop pretending that our nutjobs is somehow less prevalent just because we have the stability to make sure they are n't in power . 
  it 's frightening how disconnected you are . 
  there is no comparison in scale , whatsoever , between fanatical christians and fundamentalist muslims . 
  you sound like one of those people that always chime in listing off american and british war crimes in ww2 in an attempt to exonerate the ss , it 's not comparable in scale . 
  just as an example , [ 68 % of british muslims ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/many-british-muslims-put-islam-first/ ) support the legal punishment of those who insult islam . 
  another [ 40 % support sharia in the uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html ) , although note that both polls are from 2006 . 
  there 's enough muslims in europe that do n't wish to identify with our values for us to justify treating them with at least some reservations . 
  i 'm not going to go out and protest in front of their temples , i do n't even care if they migrate to europe legally , but i also do n't think it 's appropriate to compare an almost entirely reformed christianity to an unreformed islam . 
  christianity went through a lot of political changes to tone it down to the level it sits at today . 
  islam did n't go through such changes . 
  `` leftist '' my dude , i 'm pretty over to the right and i think that man 's a fucking clown , and shame on anyone who calls themselves a conservative and supports him . 
  the man with failed divorces , sinful business practices , rapist tendencies , and a trophy wife is not a conservative , and not a good representative of our faction . 
  that 65 % feels fucking good tbh . 
  much love to the french people , there 's hope . 
  she 's a nationalist and an anti-eu protectionist .
