  fuck i love the uk, 
   traitors oh yes , such traitors for not being loyal to the people that conquered their country by force and oppressed them for centuries . 
  if sir arthur wellesley 's memoirs are anything to go by , anything irish ca n't be trusted . 
  the irony is that the us already has considerable power over the uk , now the brits do n't even have european support . 
  i 'd say take them if you want , but i feel sorry that one of my favorite countries was sold a lie this big . 
  americans ca n't even be bothered to not vote for someone under federal investigation . 
  i live in california right now , there 's a lot of outspoken bernie supporters here , but it 's still pretty disappointing how america 's election was stolen by two criminals , both of which are morally repulsive . 
  you 're an english speaker , and you 're from one of the most tolerated countries in europe !, 
  you 're a winner man , you can probably settle anywhere . 
  high . 
  the issue is countries like spain who do n't want to set a precedent of treating secessionist countries fairly . 
  it pisses me off , to be honest , that europe 's chance at unity is being spoiled by stupid nationalist motives , and i say that as a mild skeptic . 
  having spent a good deal of my life living somewhere i do n't like very much , i say go for it . 
  nothing in this world can make up for feeling out of place . 
  if the uk leaves then that might mean an easier time for the eu to federalize . 
  ironically , if the eu actually became one country and wrote a proper constitution , half of ukip 's issues with the eu might be fixed . 
  what ? 
  they did n't include our fence ? 
   what you guys in eastern europe are doing is basically trying to build a giant wall that faces russia and expect them not to react . 
  how do you not understand that if russia has no intent to violate our territorial sovereignty , then it has no right to complain ? 
  do you not understand the basic concept of sovereignty ? 
  absolutely nothing in eastern europe indicates a planned invasion of russia , and here 's the part that you 're obviously too stupid to get , the russian leadership knows this . 
  nobody is starting a war with a nuclear nation , but putin sure does have a lot of votes these days , does n't he ? 
  after all , he protects russia from the evil western jews . 
   in 1994 when crimeans revolted and held their own referendum , the russians did nothing even when kiev sent forces to crush them , remove their elected leader and constitution . 
  yes , because this was at a time when ukraine served russian interests . 
   why do you not understand that the actions you guys want is causing this trouble ? 
  actually , the politicking of western nations has contributed more to this issue than we have . 
  eastern europe ca n't do anything other than sit and watch what the nato leadership decides to do . 
  eastern europe has n't done anything outside of the borders of its individual nations . 
   do n't mock us . 
  you guys have no ability to defend yourself and your not a net benefit to nato . 
  did n't you just claim that nato was using our membership to curb russian power ? 
  not so consistent there , friendo . 
  seriously , fuck off dude . 
  i can deal with stupid and i can deal with pretentious , but you 're a special blend of both that i can only attribute to a high schooler . 
  funny , russia is in the process of violating the sovereignty of georgia and ukraine , and they 're also involved in syria . 
  i look at it as long-term thinking . 
  i know it 's not a hot opinion to admit having these days , but i want our countries to stay as they are . 
  there 's plenty of melting pots around the world , and there 's plenty of places where people can wear veils , so why do they need to be able to do it in europe too ? 
  i travel a good deal , so i 'm not ignorant or uninformed about other cultures , i just see that there are less and less places in the world where you can go and * only * be around european culture , while the opposite is true from outside cultures . 
  muslims can live as they want , but i see an imperative in preserving the homogeneity of our nations , especially small ones where even a relatively small amount of migrants can change the condition of a nation . 
   just like how turkey is destabilizing syria and sending missiles to kill russians but is safe from retaliation because of their nato membership . 
  turkey is an enemy of syria , russia is an ally . 
  russians are ultimately getting involved in another region 's war , the consequences are theirs to accept . 
   we ca n't have peace and good relations with russia while threatening them at the same time . 
  why would you want good relations with a country that would gobble up eastern europe if nato did n't exist ? 
  do you not understand this ? 
  if you do n't want to die for us , that 's fine , but do n't defend the wolf for following its nature . 
  you said it yourself , russia wants to project power , and what happened in ukraine is just a taste of what would await eastern europe if it was left to defend itself . 
  i 'm talking about reddit knowing that this is partially a move to cover up problems in bulgaria . 
  regardless , veils are outdated and have no place in the society europe claims itself to be . 
  it is in reality a non-issue , but it 's also not something that you can reasonably oppose . 
  those were all military victories until the american public stopped backing them . 
  hell , iraq and afghanistan were outright military victories . 
  putin could n't really even boast that with what he has , and he 's got his entire nation in line . 
  the coalition against the taliban in afghanistan was under nato framework , was n't it ? 
  this is only sort of related , but holy shit dude , how does the world not care about your country being invaded and occupied for fuck knows how long ? 
  these past couple of months i 've been looking at conflicts that people just seem to ignore because they have nothing to gain , it sucks that all this moralist rhetoric does n't extend to protecting you guys . 
  america, 
   do ukraine and georgia really need to join nato ? 
  what possible benefit could they bring to us and themselves that outweighs making russia feel paranoid and react aggressively/pre-emptively ? 
  if ukraine and georgia were in nato , russia would n't have invaded them to begin with . 
  if russia has no plans to invade its neighbors , then why does it not want them to join a defensive alliance ? 
  the us does n't go into fights it ca n't win . 
  at least when the specter of america rears its head , it gets something done . 
  all putin has done is made russia worse for land it does n't need . 
  most of the people here are n't bulgarian , how would they know ? 
  bernie sanders is n't communist or a socialist . 
  he 's less to the left than sweden 's government , and they 're also not socialists . 
  if they were , then their country would n't be so nice . 
  the russians had a knack for killing the shit out of everyone , especially their slavic brothers . 
  the crimes of the ussr are long , and if you do n't know about them i suggest doing some research for yourself . 
  it 's critical knowledge in the realm of anything political and pertaining to russia . 
  you ca n't compare anything that imperial era colonial powers did to established nations that decided to murder their own citizens . 
  it 's bad because the eu was extorted into doing something not because it was convenient for us , but because we could n't handle the problem without making a deal . 
  it 's shameful . 
  if we 're ever going to federate ( which i still hope for despite how much germany disappointed me this time around ) we 're going to need to have immigration and border control handled properly . 
  for those unaware , this is a very big deal because bialowieza is one of the last remaining primeval forests . 
  unless i 'm mistaken it 's the last one in europe . 
  it 's the last vestige of what europe was before we fucked it up a bit . 
  wow awkward , why do i keep seeing your comments lol . 
  apparently we 're considered to be part of the same turanic culture group , also , the ancestors of the mongols come from a region that might have potentially also been home to white nomads from the urals . 
  the xiognu may have been a multiethnic confederation of tribes that included proto-hungarians . 
  pretty rough theory though . 
  i do n't mind being likened to the mongols or huns , they kicked ass . 
   the uk allowed many jews fleeing nazi germany to eventually become citizens and they have contributed greatly . 
  the jews were european . 
  liberalism has in several cases led to censorship . 
  in the pursuit of equality people 's opinions are censored because they 're deemed racist or disrespectful , unconductive to equality . 
  robespierre was a liberal , as an extreme example . 
  the dictionary and wikipedia definition of liberalism fail to mention things like this . 
  to my understanding , and my experience with the less wealthy demographics in europe , people in that kind of position do n't really move around . 
  at the end of the day its the best filter . 
  i do n't know if reddit let you know of the other guy 's comment , but somebody responded saying that they have interpreters who specialize in linguistics listen to how the people talk and determine if they 're telling the truth . 
  everything is work out just as khan orban predicted . 
  * nestles recurve-bow * seriously though germany , you were the chosen one , the nation that was going to be the center of the european country . 
  for years i was fiercely pro-germany and pro-european federation , but i feel like the political establishment in germany has taken liberalism too far . 
  it will be people like merkel to blame when the right makes a strong resurgence . 
  i know i 'm kind of going on a tangent , but i feel like stuff like this is just part of the big picture , one that worries me .
