  we ca n't have a progressive state if it 's not done logically , with care and reason . 
  restricting things like this is simply unnecessary . 
  goddamn , less liked than russia , that 's a feat . 
  i 've spent all of my adult life in the us , and just having learned history on my own from an attempted unbiased view , a lot of this surprises me . 
  did not expect to see the uk and austria that high . 
  also , why then hell is china almost liked as much as poland ? 
  where was this survey taken and which demographic was asked ? 
  jesus dude , i came here to talk about ukraine , not feel . 
  i 'm not the only one that 's disappointed that a nomadic nation of horse riders does n't use bows , right ? 
  be careful what you say , everyone wants a leader with balls until you get one and he keeps talking about the jews and `` ethnic integrity '' . 
  sounds like someone does n't like the way that map is colored, 
  hungarians love sex , we just do n't talk about it . 
  source : love sex, 
  hey romania i took back my land while you were at work , i hope you do n't mind * brushes bulge *, 
  i have two reasons for commenting , first is because i too am a magyar that bemoans the loss of our beautiful beach , the other reason is that i too am a man of culture and think that miss misato is best girl . 
  i love how we still consider them european , even though we would n't think of americans as european . 
  sydney definitely has a european feel to it . 
  no pics of hungary either , friendo . 
  truly we are the downtrodden . 
  brexit was reactionary . 
  conservatism in this case would have been staying in the eu but not supporting federalization in the near future , which was what the uk was mostly doing for a while . 
  the problem i have with conservatism ( and i say this is somewhat of a conservative ) is that it 's a gateway into reactionary and radical thought because it 's not handled very well by many politicians around the western world . 
  the essence of conservatism in the form of financial policy and such is avoided in favor of emotional arguments not based on empirical data . 
  there 's a soviet swarm starting to the bottom of the ukrainian flag on the left side . 
  very sad . 
  send women, 
  i 'm a hungarian living outside of hungary right now , so i definitely feel out of touch , but i have at least some idea . 
  i do n't think it 'll get very big . 
  right now , we 're in a period of respecting `` strong leaders '' , and i get the impression that anything resembling anti-putin rhetoric is n't received very warmly or eagerly . 
  many hungarians respect putin , and the misinformation that 's flying around the web has made it seem like the eu is inviting refugees to rape our daughters . 
  many people , including my father , have latched onto these ideas . 
  i 'm a soft-skeptic , but even i feel shame when i see the silly things some of my fellow countrymen base their opinions on . 
  their lack of moderation . 
  it makes me think of the lunacy that allowed us to be dragged into hitler 's sphere of power . 
  unfortunately , in a country like ours , it 's simple things that get you fired up . 
  border security , money , moving forward in your life . 
  i like to think that having grown up outside of hungary , i have more of an eye for the big picture , but i ca n't shake my hungarian perspective when reading this article . 
  what can we do ? 
  why is it worth worrying about this ? 
  what can our little corner of europe do amidst the clash of nations ? 
  what do we even have , as a country , that 's worth saving , worth entering this battle for ? 
  there 's a reason so many of us , not just hungarians but other eastern europeans , leave our home for the west as soon as we can . 
  i 'm aware of our apathy , of my apathy , but that does n't mean i can discredit it . 
  things like this article just add more to the `` we 're fucked and this is why it 's better to live in america '' pile . 
  why would it be removed ? 
  the past always shapes the present , there is no shame in what the church used to be unless you find shame in what a less knowledgeable and experienced humanity was . 
  there 's no need to `` remove '' it . 
  that 's how things were , the new testament is how things are . 
  we might as well remove our countries and cultures and start over because they 're related to some things we 'd consider shitty today . 
  well , yea , the different context is a different time . 
  i 'm not saying it 's invalid for its time , it 's just not valid for ours . 
  that 's all very true , but christians take the outmoded parts of their religion much less seriously , * for the most part * . 
  the old testament is outdated , even in church doctrine . 
  it 's no longer applicable where the new testament applies . 
  that 's why it 's not an issue . 
  reagan smash, 
  `` erdogan vows to alienate literally all of its neighbors , in an attempt to make his administration look less shitty . '', 
  he 's actually hungarian . 
  you 're awfully optimistic . 
  hungarian here . 
  i would kill for some sort of eastern european commonwealth . 
  i mean literally kill , that 's an army i would fight for . 
  doubt their suffering will end soon , not enough europeans have the will or guts to fight for this fragile european brotherhood we have . 
  putin knows this . 
  he 's known from the beginning that we do n't really have teeth to back anything up . 
  the eu will continue to face problems like this without some sort of unified military and executive force . 
   the waters are too poisoned , and the british people seem set on this course . 
  i 've gotten the impression that it 's quite the opposite . 
  a big driving force for leave was immigration , but now many people are realizing that the immigrants they did n't like were there as a result of british policy , not european policy . 
  on top of that , european faith in the eu is growing , people are finally waking up to the reality that the us wo n't always be a reliable shoulder to lean on . 
  many brits are seeing this now , except for them it 's pretty much too late . 
  even if they come back to the eu someday , they wo n't hold the position they once did . 
  i want more green !, 
  hey , you 're alright for a commie . 
  it 's nice to see that even though action came late , at least some european politicians realize that the way to combat a mass departure from the relative centrism we 've enjoyed is to offer a solution instead of shaming the people who are dissatisfied . 
  obviously not an entirely romantic situation , but i 'm glad that the leadership realizes its mistakes . 
  hopefully the ruling class will remember this . 
  yes . 
  mccain 's career has been waning since 2008 . 
  he is n't a heavy hitter anymore . 
  there 's no more heavy hitters in the gop , trump has seen to it . 
  props to him for that , but putin is n't always consistent with his belief in a peaceful solution . 
  turks have been westie-boos ever since they killed the byzantines and declared themselves the new romans . 
  russia does n't `` hate '' the west either , it just hates that the west is better at everything it does , which breeds resentment . 
  unhappy people are more vocal . 
  i was referring more to european stereotypes . 
  obviously we 're `` white '' , but some people in western europe do n't see us as having `` white '' qualities . 
  there 's nothing feel good about the rhetoric . 
  our countries are less developed and definitely stunted because of our unfortunate history . 
  there 's nothing feel good about having to choose between living a life up to the `` european standard '' and living in your own country . 
  that being said , i do think that there should be a limit on movement inside of the eu , at least until the wealth is a bit more evened out enough that people do n't feel the need to leave our own countries . 
  hungary has a severe labor shortage right now . 
  employment , i bet . 
  you guys have a really high rate of soldier to civilian , the military is a really big employer . 
  that 's true , this is n't leadership . 
  it 's a touchy issue because many germans do n't want this leadership role , so we ca n't blame them for not being completely devoted to the task . 
  i want a european constitution to start with , a proper one , we can go from there . 
  france has a trouble history with religion and conservatism , which is why many feel that germany is better suited to the task . 
  they occupy the closest thing to a middle ground between eastern european conservatism and western european liberalism . 
  i do n't know where you 're seeing this alleged hatred towards germany , outside of the migrant issue every eastern european i know wishes they were german .
