  i care about more than my personal happiness . 
  i 've traveled the world and there 's a lot more in it than just my apartment , my girlfriend , and my computer . 
  as i said , if you do n't care , that 's fine , but do n't try to take the moral high ground when history has already proven you wrong . 
  appeasement only leads to war . 
  you do n't want to find the balance between warmongering and appeasement , so you pick the less evil , but some of us ( thankfully most ) still care more than what 's in our vision . 
  also , back to living under a different flag , communism absolutely wrecked eastern europe , as a german one would think that you 'd see that . 
  do n't give me this crap about not caring , you 've been spoiled by living in a comfortable country and you 've forgotten that the real world exists . 
   we do not care about someone whom we never met telling us to pick up a rifle so that $ bigcompany can make a few bucks more do you honestly think that that 's what things boil down to ? 
  have you taken any classes related to history , governance , or politics ? 
  i called you an anarchist because anarchists share your ideas . 
  they want to live only for themselves and they do n't believe in collective benefit . 
  * also * , you 've assumed that i give a damn about nationality . 
  i love all europeans , i 'm just not afraid to stand up when one of my brothers thinks he has the right to begin invading another one of my brothers . 
  stop assuming , and stop replying if you 're only going to dig your hole deeper . 
  for someone who does n't care , you seem to be awfully hell bent on convincing somebody who cares about the world to not care about the world . 
  found the anarchist . 
  people like you genuinely make me sad , because you have no sense of community , no care for anything beyond your own well being . 
  i find that kind of thinking to be unnatural , even an animal cares for its own . 
  whatever , to each his own . 
  i just do n't like that people like you can vote , vote in a so called `` social construct '' . 
  christ , i need to stop , you 've really rustled my jimmies , i 'm just glad that people like you only share these backwards isolationist opinions on the internet . 
  also :  we have a moral obligation to end the threat your kind poses . 
  whoa , you 're sounding a bit like a few historical figures there , bub . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and assume you 're young , i said stupid things back then too , but you should still consider your argument before hitting `` save '' . 
  we earn our reputations , and i never said i would n't help one , in fact my beliefs have little affect on how i act towards them beyond my voting choices . 
  i do think that we encourage them to contribute nothing by showering them in welfare , and i believe that our police force is n't adequate to prevent them from committing crime , but those beliefs would n't affect any of them except the ones that fall into the mold of the stereotype . 
  they commit crime because i do n't trust them ? 
  great excuse . 
  some western europeans do n't trust us , does that give me the victim 's right to start robbing french homes ? 
  i 'm not against what the merchants did , but i do n't think that it 's justice either . 
  justice is meaningless , preventing something from happening again actually has value . 
  those merchants do n't give a shit if those women get fined and spend a week in jail , they want them to fuck off and stop stealing , and some scare tactics go a long way . 
  what we like to think of as the `` civilized world '' is n't preferred for being effective . 
  on one had i 'm all for a full democracy that treats all fairly and equally , on the other hand i do n't really care about that as a law abiding citizen from a homogeneous nation in which the people have shared goals . 
  i wish the austrians would just take us back ... 
  i do n't think we need to talk at all . 
  the chinese are often victimized by other immigrant group , it 's their right to protect their livelihoods . 
  i know generalizations are n't cool these days , but the only way to get a gypsy to stop doing something is to talk in a language that they understand , and that is willpower . 
  these women certainly wo n't be going back to that market to steal . 
  i suggest living among gypsies for a few years . 
  i do n't hate them by any means , and i understand why they 're the way that they are , but it does n't change who they generally are , and i 'm not going to go out of my way for that one decent gypsy in a hundred . 
  people are very quick to judge europeans without actually having lived our experiences . 
  god , i miss europe sometimes . 
  i 'm a citizen of two nations , hungary and germany , both of which i would gladly risk dying for if they were attacked . 
  war is n't a fucking joke , you do n't just hope for it to blow over . 
  i know i 'll be in the dirt before i see someone take my people 's land by force again . 
  i feel it 's inappropriate of you to rag on people with convictions when you do n't seem to have much regard for the european community , or even your own nation 's political interests . 
  if you have no interest in international happenings , that 's fine , but do n't act high and mighty when you very clearly do n't see beyond front-page politics . 
  `` war is bad '' has become an insanely damaging mantra these past few years , allowing for nothing but two extremes . 
  i believe pilots are required to learn english . 
   i believe having armies leads to war . 
  history proves that wrong . 
  being in an arms race actually seems to be less risky than not protecting yourself , see the cold war and how the more powerful faction won out without the war ever going hot . 
  if you are weak , your enemies will treat you as such . 
  russia sees the weakness in europe , and if it makes political gains over us , it deserves it , because putin and his people are n't afraid to fight for themselves . 
  at this point it would be an appropriate lesson to eh soft children western europe to see what appeasement does . 
  the war in ukraine is already a proxy war , and it 's the ukrainians who have to suffer because some people ca n't get that through their pampered heads . 
  let 's just bend over for the russians then , yea ? 
  we might as well , we 're so fucking pathetic that we do n't even want to honor a basic agreement . 
  the rules of the forest apply to all animals , especially humans . 
  the strong rule the weak , and this is something that our pampered and spoiled people do n't understand . 
  a man who ca n't live on his feet deserves to die on his knees . 
  jesus fucking christ , might as well break up nato and the fucking union at this point . 
  i 'd haul my ass to fight polar bears if sweden asked me to , it 's pretty pathetic that the nations who hold our military might ( or act like they do while half-assing it ) have such little desire to protect europe . 
  shit like this really kills my hope for the union . 
  i find that nationality also matters a bit when it comes to integration , ie iranians and turks in germany . 
  overall though , my worry is n't with all of islam . 
  i know for a fact that there are people who successfully integrate while still holding onto their religion . 
  my worry is with the more seductive parts of islam . 
  young immigrants will always look for ways to belong , and they will always be attracted to fundamentalist islam . 
  so no , i do n't think that the problems between islam and europe will ever be gone , not without a major social and cultural revolution in islam , but i also do n't think that islam * has * to be a threat to europe . 
  i think that if we learn to handle immigrants better , make sure that they have jobs and that they 're not feeling marginalized , we might be able to alleviate the problem to the point that it wo n't be a major issue . 
  that being said , i find it absolutely ridiculous that a terrorist and criminal can have a procession that 's attended by hundreds of his supporters . 
  the message that sends to young muslims is that we are n't powerful and we ca n't assert ourselves . 
  i do n't think that freedom of speech is absolute , not when it 's tasteless and is linked to a violent and dangerous belief system , but that might just be the eastern european in me talking , i know that my western brothers and sisters are a lot more touchy about infringing on those freedoms , which is totally fine . 
  do n't worry , we 're taking that into account . 
  * malevolent hungarian laughter *, 
   btw , democracy is not a dictatorship of the majority . 
  a system of checks and balances exists specifically to prevent that . 
  here in the us , the nation that gets hard just talking about checks and balances , the president can force all sorts of stuff down the nation 's throat . 
  i like obama quite a bit , but i understand why some ( many ) people here see him as a dictator . 
  also , if a party gets majority in both houses , * and * a president in office , then they are effectively dictating the course of the nation until the next election . 
  good idea , my friend !, 
  czechs and hungarians should all just stay in the wonderful czech republic !, 
  i 'm packing my bags as we speak !, 
  you 're telling me you do n't want to grab your short-bow and horse , then ride around pillaging your neighbors ? 
  c'mon brother , you know you want to . 
  `` contributions to the nation '' is much harder to validate than lineage . 
  my family has noble heritage that only really ended with the communists . 
  much like the uk , our nobility is still very often distinct . 
  get a load of this guy !, 
  only a madman would suggest a government that is n't covered in layers of goulash-diarrhea . 
  i do n't mind , as long as we have our own parliament we 're better off with the austrians than we are with ourselves , it seems ... 
  okay , i have my nostalgic moments thinking of the good ` ol empire that we had back in the day , but how can anyone think that a dictatorship in today 's world can be a good thing ? 
  yea , it would rock if we could have a truly good hearted and competent dictator who would solve our problems head on , but the odds of finding that person are near zero . 
  the european union probably comprises america 's closest allies , and even though we have our problems , we 're the most progressive nations in the world in terms of human rights and such , sometimes too much so , according to some . 
  but only americans would be able to attend !, 
  football has always been political , it is n't particularly radical to suggest not letting a warmongering dictatorship host the world cup . 
  i think you may have replied to the wrong person !, 
  well , props for admitting it haha .
