  she is also not very smart in general . 
  those people do n't have problems . 
  the only people you could pretend that trump is even remotely protecting are people who work in coal and the auto industry , a minority of the population . 
  they deserved to be shamed , they voted ridiculous man into power . 
  i think a portion of that is an inferiority complex . 
  i admit i 'm prone to it too . 
  think of it as mashing ctrl-z . 
  we might get a win this year lads . 
  then take the job for less pay ? 
  be smart with your money ? 
  stop blaming the eu and ( ( ( globalists ) ) ) for natural occurrences in a free market . 
  it 's europe for fuck 's sake , it 's not that hard to live a decent life . 
  relative to how wealthy we are , we should be spending much more . 
  i do n't want to argue the probability of war , but if a war did break out , we would not be ready . 
  hey , we 're on the same list together . 
  really puts our little rivalry into perspective , huh ? 
  this is really great , tonight is a little brighter after seeing this . 
  we need to practice a * lot * of forgiveness in eastern europe . 
  we 're not out forefathers , we 're wiser and have much more opportunity . 
  much love to our southern neighbors . 
  a small part of me wants all of these populist assholes to get elected so they can ruin europe and i can let out the loudest , smuggest `` i told you so '' in history . 
  the rest of me really wants macron and people like him to come into power , but admit it , the americans look like they 're having fun shaming the people who voted trump in . 
  they 're soft-skeptics . 
  the main issue is with the social politics of the eu , the west and east do n't quite align perfectly , and we have n't exactly defined how much of a role the eu should have in social politics yet . 
  a great example of a bad situation is how orban seems to have the loyalty of a lot of expats , thus security his government further , even though those people only hear about the biggest headlines where he 's doing things most hungarians agree with . 
  they do n't hear about all the corruption and theft . 
  being able to vote in a country that you 're not present in is bullshit . 
  those people do n't have to live with the repercussions of the vote . 
  weird that they named him after a rocket launcher . 
  you wo n't send him out with joyeuse ? 
  here comes vladimir to ruin the fun . 
  i mean , you 're not wrong ... 
  well , let 's not put all the blame on them . 
  the rest of us gave in to the call of nationalism a little bit too easily , in my opinion . 
  we did n't have it so bad after our last revolution . 
  us hungarians did n't treat our minority subjects very fairly , in some cases . 
  it was a failure , but it was n't inherently flawed . 
  a better peoples could have made it work . 
  we were n't a better peoples ', 
  austria-hungary dude , its passing fills me with pain . 
  do n't remind me of this pain ... 
  i was born into this age and i still think we 're living in bizarro-world . 
  well , the last part of your sentence sort of backed what i said up . 
  they 're not in europe but they 're a distinctly european culture , and still have very close ties to us . 
  it 's not the same as croatia ... 
  the most desirable people to be in the same country with tbh, 
  we do n't even like each other or ourselves , so do n't take it too personally . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  there 's no migrant 's paradise where you 'd be welcomed with open arms , the migrant crisis has soured the opinions of many europeans regarding middle eastern migrants . 
  your problem would be that many people would assume you 're just another economic migrant . 
  that 's the unfortunate reality of it . 
  that being said , most europeans are n't violently xenophobic . 
  strangers might not feel warm towards you , but if you dress like them , talk like them , and live like them , there 's no doubt you 'd have a shot at finding a place in europe . 
  i 'd probably recommend somewhere in scandinavia , they 're bordering on xenophilia up there it seems . 
  not that it 's likely you wanted to come here in the first place , but avoid eastern europe . 
  unlike our western brothers , our cold hearts were never warmed by any great prosperity so we 're still often bitter , pessimistic , and xenophobic . 
  recent troubles have only worsened our state . 
  that all we want to talk about is trianon . 
  i doubt it . 
  even if it happened , it would set a precedent that romania and slovakia would oppose vehemently . 
  haha , this is why i had those disclaimers in my comment . 
  it 's a confusing region , lord knows i do n't know as much as i should, 
  the sami are finno-ugric , but they 're easily the most distant relatives out of our culture group . 
  the origins of the finno-ugric people are hazy at best , and it seems that the sami were the ones to assimilate the least to europe , genetically speaking , on account of their somewhat asian appearance , whereas people like the hungarians are effectively slavs with a bit of german mixed in . 
  of course , the assertion that the finno-ugric people were `` asian '' is shaky . 
  there is a cultural link between us and the huns , and through that the xiongnu , who may have been a multi-ethnic confederation that included people who may have appeared white ( though the evidence for this is very scarce ) . 
  the furthest we can track the finno-ugric people is the urals . 
  beyond that , it 's all speculation . 
  i 'm not sure what i believe past the urals . 
  not in the foreseeable future . 
  i 'd be happy to see some sort of an eastern european federation , with a unified standing army and foreign policy . 
  if the eu should end then this would be a necessity for us to stay relevant . 
  this idea has already been pitched under the name `` intermarium '' , or the land between seas . 
  it 's picking up traction among people that want to stay out of russia 's sphere of power but also do n't trust western europe to pass legislation that we agree with . 
  i 'd personally like to see the eu improve and stick around , but regardless , i hope that eastern europe can become much closer than it is now , in all aspects . 
  i never said they should forgive , i just said that the genocide has planted the seed of nationalism in their community . 
  i think it 's justified , but nationalism is nationalism . 
  the e46 and e39 have notoriously unreliable cooling systems in general . 
  they were bmw 's first generation with a major foray into lol let 's make everything plastic , so there were some issues . 
  the vanos system on 540i 's like mine also eventually needs a total rebuild , and the e46 m3 has a critical flaw in its subframe that will either lead it to cracking eventually , or requiring reinforcement . 
  says something about how well the car 's perform that we put up with all this shit anyways . 
  i hate that i love bmw 's . 
  timing chain . 
  it 's making a bit of noise , very subtle and you can only hear it if it 's parked next to a wall ( helps amplify the noise ) , but it bothers me a lot , and i know that even if i put it off i 'll have to do it eventually . 
  i wish i had a girlfriend and my bmw has a problem that i can afford to fix but i 'd rather spend the money on some nicer looking wheels and sushi . 
  i currently live in the same american city as one of the world 's largest armenian diaspora , so i have mixed feelings . 
  i think it 's an important part of history to acknowledge that genocide was n't just a hitler thing , that all people are capable of such things so we should n't just brush off the possibility , but at the same time the sentiment that armenians here hold regarding the genocide is ultimately just nationalism justified via victim complex . 
  i typically like euro players a lot . 
  i live in the us so i mainly play with american servers , on occasions when euros show up it 's always a treat , reminds me of home a bit to hear another eastern european cussing about how fucked everything is . 
  they 're not ? 
  most terror attacks are committed by foreigners who happen to live in europe . 
  i 'm hungarian myself but i live in the us . 
  to be honest i 'd probably join the us military . 
  it 's a cause i tentatively believe in . 
  poland is an inspiration of mine , it 's my belief that they will be the example that leads us . 
  i just find it hard to garner optimism for the long-term . 
  i wo n't give up hope , but i also wo n't bet on it . 
  the soviet occupation plays a big role in this , and other things . 
  i 'm hungarian , just for reference . 
  in my country , taxes and government spending are horribly handled , we have incredibly high income tax but very low corporate tax , and corruption is considered the norm thanks to the abysmal systems that were forced on us by the soviets .
