  it still boggles my mind that greece and italy are expected to guard the borders of the eu without the rest of us having to pitch in more . 
  money is n't everything . 
  it 's a bit racist to assume that eastern europeans do n't want migrants because they 're brown , no ? 
  perhaps if you saw things as they were in hungary , you 'd understand . 
  compassion is easy when you 're not dealing with the costs . 
   you joined the eu , did you really expect the big western countries to try to follow eastern european ideas , or try to pull those countries to follow theirs instead ? 
  it was pretty obvious it would be the latter perhaps we expected to not have things forced on us , it 's happened quite a few times in the past two thousand years and it would be a nice change of pace if the virtue of population and geography did n't determine how much a nation 's sovereignty mattered . 
   you do deserve a thought , but merkel simply decided that she did n't agree with your thoughts , not because you 're eastern european , but because your views do n't align with hers . 
  if we were n't eastern europe , then she would n't have been so bold in encouraging immigration when we said we did n't want it . 
  the uk gets far less flak because they 're important and powerful . 
   immigration is a real problem which you ca n't magic away by saying you do n't want any . 
  also , any eastern european country can leave eu and be a belarus . 
  sovereign and proud . 
  yes , you can tell them to go away . 
  why should we pay for the shit storm that the meddling of bigger nations caused ? 
  perhaps the us should take in some migrants considering that it was n't hungarian foreign policy that destabilized the middle east in the first place . 
   what is this `` western european standard '' you speak of ? 
  respecting the rules from the geneva refugee convention ? 
  accpeting international law ? 
  being forced to take in migrants . 
  there is no law that expects that of us . 
   each countries media also obviously has a bias that is , in most cases , favourable towards their own country , which obviously also shapes the discussion . 
  but where , exactly , do you see problems ? 
  specific problems , not your usual vague bullshit that does n't do or say anything except validating your own irrational opinion mostly fueld by flawed sources . 
  i 've watched the whole situation unfold from the us , where the tone is unsurprisingly pro-immigrant because it 's an opportunity for americans to be better than their racist european cousins . 
  my issue has been put forth , merkel blatantly ignored what eastern europe and a sizeable portion of western europe wanted and started saying things as the head of europe 's leading nation that did n't represent the whole . 
  finally , the eu is not a total democracy . 
  a total democracy allows two wolves and a sheep to vote on what they 're having for dinner . 
  if it was a total democracy then we would n't spend so much time debating things because the majority would be able to walk over the minority . 
  the failure of our bigger and more influential neighbors to acknowledge our stance on immigration as valid and the serious feeling that the eu does n't give a shit about you if you 're not anglo-saxon or germanic is what is going to lead to the failure of the eu . 
  if merkel cared as much about keeping us happy as she did keeping putin and muslim immigrants happy , the eu would be fine . 
  but , alas , we are eastern europeans , and as always , we 're barbaric scum that do n't deserve a thought \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i 'm not saying that anyone 's nation is wrong , but me and plenty of people from my part of europe are getting tired of being held to the western european standard . 
  edit : the dismissal i 'm finding kind of proves my point . 
  i understand why things are the way they are , but i do n't think it 's such a crime to have hoped that the eu would be a bit different , that the small would n't get trodden on by the big when things were less than ideal . 
  it was nice for us up until now , but up until now the eu was n't being tested like this , and you 'll forgive our skepticism when we 're used to the big boys not really caring about us . 
   his own wiki says that he is amateur historian that 's why people like him . 
  he takes the time to learn his shit , but at the core of it he 's still just a regular guy interested in history . 
  he knows how to put things into language that everyone can enjoy . 
  i know i certainly would n't know nearly as many things about the spanish-american war without his podcast on it , and i would n't have retained most of that stuff if i had to pry it out of a history book . 
  i like reading history , but the best way to do that is to get a general start , and dan carlin is perfect for that . 
  he took over control of the strongest individual country in the world at the time , he did n't have to do much work beyond saying what the people wanted him to say . 
  i do n't think we should mix the achievements of the german people with those of hitler 's . 
  the world would be a better place if we could criticize ourselves and not get worked up over it . 
  i do n't get why people have a hard on for crazy ass villains . 
  even hitler is blown out of proportion to what he was . 
  some people just have bad intentions and act on them , that 's it . 
  they 're not loki or anything . 
  hey , any true european is either a hooligan soccer fan as well , or knows that soccer fans are terrible people when we 're all in a big group . 
  it seems a little excessive when half the comments are deleted , no ? 
  i do n't know what they said , but i seriously doubt that there were that many blatantly hateful comments . 
  this right here . 
  i think a lot of blame lies on the moderates of europe that welcomed the immigrants with open arms , and people like merkel who wanted to exert germany 's influence at the worst possible time , not to stop the war in ukraine , but to tell us that we had to take immigrants that we do n't want . 
  i think germany 's fear of being heavy handed or politically incorrect will drive itself into the hands of some type of extreme , or at least wonky government . 
  when any fascist or communist rises to power , the blame rests with the previous government . 
  in my opinion that is . 
  that was definitely the case in hungary , orban is an asshole , but the men that came before him did n't exactly show many virtues themselves . 
  when you 're an eastern european country , borders tend to disappear when you 're not looking ... 
  first off , no serious historian still considers us to be huns . 
  we 're uralic , we 're european . 
  on top of that , we are slavs in all but name at this point . 
  we are catholics . 
  if anything , we are the furthest thing from heathens , unlike much of europe we stand with the original church of christ . 
  we are less wealthy than our neighbors because we have smaller population and have been ravaged by the acts of much wealthier and supposedely more civilized nations for most of our history . 
  eastern europe is by far more abused and oppressed than any other part of the western world . 
  i 'm going to assume that you 're a troll account , because i do n't think anybody could be as stupid as the comments you 've posted , but i figured i should shoot your bullshit down anyways so nobody gets the wrong idea . 
  i do n't want current russia to speak for us , but i live in a dream world where russia shunned the sins of its past and decided to be our champion . 
  merkel 's alright i guess . 
  i feel like europeans would be the eldar . 
  past our prime , but still pretty based . 
  my issue is that orban made a deal with the russians as the russians were financing and taking part in a war just a border over . 
  no , to keep the people from voting populist ( be it right or left ) governments need to stay flexible and they need to worry less about staying in power . 
  pc is the result of people wanting votes , not the result of people caring . 
  whoa guys , we 're `` some shithole '' now . 
   `` the german , hungarian or austrian way of life is not a basic right of all people on earth , '' orb\u00e1n said . 
  `` it is only a right for those people who have contributed to it . 
  we have to help them get back their own lives , with dignity , and we have to send them back to their own countries . '' god dammit , this shit again . 
  the guy says things that ring true , but then only a little while ago the dude was selling our energy sector off to putin . 
  your assumption that i 'm thinking of a smaller time bracket is correct . 
  i know that eastern europe has had less power than we do now for a big part of history . 
  why do you think right wing people come to power ? 
  because our peace loving moderates have become so pc that they ca n't handle a situation with a clear head . 
  it 's unfortunate , but weakness is ultimately much more revolting to voters than nationalism . 
  hungarian unemployment will drop when you all come asking for some of this sweet ass fence . 
  oh boy , 200,000 christians stopping in the closest safe country , compared to millions of muslims upon the already sizeable lot that ca n't assimilate . 
  kebab get out, 
  our government looks up to russia , there 's a difference . 
  the fascists in hungary somehow hate the soviets but love russia , even though russia loves the soviets . 
  even though modern russia still very much represents russian aggression . 
  the world especially does n't care when it 's us eastern europeans . 
  european unity means little when the money is in the west . 
  i wish russia would have sucked it up and joined the eu , there was a chance for them to speak for us muds , if only occasionally . 
  with how things are going both inside and outside the eu , power is slipping from eastern european very quickly . 
  personal opinions when ? 
  the last time this many came to my country , they stayed for a couple of hundred years . 
  men of fighting age who are refusing to defend their country , their people , their way of life from invaders that we know mean to do harm to the aforementioned things ? 
  yes , they are . 
  it 's one thing to be sent off to fight for oil , it 's another to defend your home . 
  if you 're not willing to die for who you are , that 's fine , but do n't pretend that it is n't a selfish motivation . 
  these immigrants are n't europeans , much less eu citizens , why should we do anything about them ? 
  if there 's no moral obligation to help europeans , there 's no moral obligations to help muslim immigrants .
