  also , why are you talking about it ? 
  what do you think you 're going to change ? 
   in addition , would you like a nato vs federation war with your hashtags , sir ? 
  because this is how it happens , everyone gets hot and bothered about one country and then `` bang '' 60 million people dead in modern warfare . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  when has that happened ? 
   `` they attacked ukraine ! '' ... 
  you are all a bunch of slack-jawed blaggards with no sense about you running into a cold war that does n't matter in lieu of things you could be doing to fix your own countries . 
  you think that invading ukraine was trivial and unworthy of discussion , but that internet commenters are going to start a cold war ? 
  aside from which , what happened to your original ` ca n't judge other cultures ' argument ? 
  that 's suddenly disappeared . 
  but you speak as a third party to me . 
  to demand that i change is audacious . 
  you are not me , and when i judge other cultures that is no concern of yours . 
  i do n't believe what i just wrote , but at least there 's a clearer dividing line between individuals than cultures . 
  where one culture starts and ends is so blurry as to be unusable - are the irish close enough to the polish to judge them ? 
  can the polish judge the russians ? 
  why ca n't we judge other cultures ? 
  why is that dividing line so powerful ? 
  if the saudis tomorrow decide that two plus two is seven must we accept that , sure maybe it 's true in arabia ? 
  and more to the point , why are we able to say `` we ca n't judge the russians , they 're a different culture , we ca n't even judge the fact that they judge us , who are a different culture to them '' ? 
  judging different cultures is objectively bad , except when anyone that is n't us does it ? 
  irish culture used to be homophobic too . 
  cultures are n't some monolithic unchanging thing . 
  also , just because something is a part of a culture does n't somehow make it ok . criminal acts are a part of criminal culture . 
  antisemitism was a part of european culture . 
  human sacrifice was part of a lot of cultures . 
  and criticising other peoples ' cultures is probably part of almost every culture , it certainly seems that criticising european culture is a part of russian culture at the moment . 
  so why are you being ` intolerant ' about this aspect of european culture ? 
  i agree that western support in afghanistan was a big drain on the ussr . 
  i 'm not sure about the arms race part : every second article i read on it says `` all these other motherfuckers are wrong , what really was important was ... '' and i 'm not knowledgeable enough to decide between them . 
  but you 're right , the situation is very different nowadays . 
  your first 2 paragraphs were interesting , then ... 
  i 'm not sure how you think the cold war ended , but it was n't with a fight . 
  nato basically waited it out until the ussr 's economy went to shit . 
  if anything , the easing of tensions ( especially under nixon , who also negotiated with the cpc `` thugs '' who he did n't want to `` needlessly confront '' in se asia ) kick started dissatisfaction in the ussr ( including with members of the party ) . 
   unilateral surrender is a sure-fire way to assured defeat . 
  well , duh . 
  unilateral surrender is declaring defeat . 
  how could it be anything else but ? 
  it 's a tautology . 
  you may as well have said  being a bachelor for life is a sure-fire way to assure you wo n't get married . 
  what is msm ? 
  the government could take the money that it spends on shelters and post it through letterboxes , and you 'd still have the effect you described though . 
  it 's not hard for governments to spend money . 
  besides , you think that the same tiny , temporary effect is responsible for growth in every eu country at the same time ? 
  but that would count for almost all government spending  so company 1 earns 1000 $ and pays 200 $ taxes . 
   gdp = 1000 $  the government pays 200 $ to company 2 to house refugees/build a road/smash bricks/just for kicks . 
   company 2 earns 200 $ including 40 $ taxes . 
  note that it also works if company 2 is just people on the dole . 
  you 're just putting money into the economy . 
  aside from which , the money you take out of the economy in taxes would have almost certainly be used anyway , just for something else . 
  either way , the idea that increasing taxes , in itself , increases gdp growth is opposite to most ( all ? ), 
  big economic theories . 
  i 'm could also be wrong . 
  i am not an expert . 
  but i 'm right . 
  so the economy seems like it 's growing because taxes are being paid to private people ? 
  taxes that initially were taken from private people ? 
  surely then , increasing wealth redistribution would increase growth more ? 
  or , is it that what you said makes fuck all sense economically ? 
  you have to included all of china under the communist party . 
  they 've done well since the death of mao , but disastrously before then . 
  i do n't know if it evens out . 
  in sicily ? 
  in new york ? 
  when ? 
  you 're going to have to be more specific . 
  i think i understand you , but am n't convinced by the evidence . 
  both the ussr and china started from a very small base and became kinda modern and kinda prosperous , but not impressively so . 
  i dont know what the average gdp growth rate was since their respective revolutions , but i suspect that it 's not much more than other underdeveloped countries ? 
  i ca n't find hard data now , and the only comparison i 've seen made is between china and india ( which sees india as doing poorly ) . 
  i 'm open to being corrected . 
  you seem to be saying both that nondemocratic states are more likely to collapse , and that nondemocratic government is better for the state . 
  how can something that is more likely to collapse be considered stronger ? 
  ( it could be noted that both russia and china were extremely autocratic in 1900 . 
  i do n't want to muddy the waters or expand the scope of the discussion , just to say that the problems that the revolutionaries inherited were n't just random chance ) . 
   governing in democratic regime is slow , in dictatorship it is fast . 
  what are the examples of modern , efficient , fast dictatorial regimes ? 
  are the bureaucracies of the ussr or china worth aspiring to ? 
  the infighting of the nazi party ? 
  the ancien regime ? 
   in history there have been truly great dictators/monarchs who have done great things for their countries . 
  yup . 
  and examples of one 's who 've ruined their countries . 
  and there 's examples of democratic leaders who 've done great things . 
  so , have dictatorships been historically more successful than democracy ? 
  i do n't believe so . 
  the ussr , which collapsed due to internal dysfunction , was a runaway success ? 
  the party that destroyed decades of chinese economic development with the great leap forward and the cultural revolution was a success ? 
  singapore , fair enough . 
  do n't know much about it , but apparently it 's rather nice . 
   democracy is currently a phase . 
  just like monarchy a couple hundred years ago . 
  maybe in the next 100 years some country will adobt a new form of government . 
  if it will be very successful , then it will spread , just like democracy did . 
  but that 's my point : democracy is successful . 
  countries that adopt democracy tend to do better . 
  there 's some idea out there that democracy is nice but weak , while dictatorships are efficient and strong . 
  i 've yet to see convincing evidence for the latter .
