yes , they are . 
  https://youtu.be/tut_tujlusg?t=4m51s but sure , as clinton said , only half of them are like that . 
  the other half are willing companions of the deplorables . 
  yes , i will `` demonise '' them for that . 
  i 'll also lambaste them for deliberately voting for the imbecile , because that 's what a lot of this `` anti-establishment '' stuff is : hatred for people who 've made something of themselves and can string a coherent sentence together . 
  as with bush , they want someone as stupid and ignorant as themselves . 
  they want manufacturing jobs ? 
  how will trump 's flagship policy , that of bankrupting the country with a great wall of china across the south , achieve that ? 
  how will putting the country into trillions of unpayable debt through tax breaks achieve that ? 
  yes , these shitheads are `` those people '' . 
  it 's the politest thing that can said of them . 
  it 's outlined quite well in this [ piece of cracked.com ] ( http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about_p2/?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=feed%3a+crackedrss+%28cracked%3a+all+posts%29 ) by a usually clueless writer who 's had a moment of perspicacity . 
  if you want to claim a trump vote is rational , just do it , instead of this passive-aggressive crap . 
  this really is a carbon copy of brexit . 
  within a few weeks , brace for all the trump-voters who say they would n't have voted that way had they known . 
  brace for all the u-turns on the pledges . 
  no millions for the nhs , no wall paid for by mexico . 
  brace for the empowerment of racists , leading to hate crimes against poles/hispanics . 
  brace for the charge of `` sore losers '' every time someone points out what a stupid decision has been made . 
  brace for the accusation that `` arrogantly '' pointing out how stupid and racist the brexiteers/trumpeters are somehow caused the brexiteers/trumpeters to be stupid and racist . 
  brace for markets crashing . 
  it 's just telling that they are n't perfect at english . 
   you think that half of your nation is stupid , racist , mysogenist , etc ? 
  i guess that 's your way of denying it . 
  that 's such a shitty argument . 
  one section of society gets viler and viler , and when the remaining sane people point it out , you say it 's their fault for pointing it out . 
  exactly how bad can people get before we condemn them ? 
  the dunning-kruger effect . 
  ok , perhaps you just need a different word then . 
  you obviously feel that `` stupid '' by definition refers to people with an iq under 100 . 
  ok . what about `` irrational '' ? 
  will you permit the judgement that human beings are generally irrational ? 
  screw it . 
  i wo n't suggest any specific term at all . 
  i 'll leave that to you . 
  i just put it to you that the majority of human beings , in fact maybe all human beings , have abilities in the domain of understanding and decision-making that are highly disappointing ( to any thinking observer ) in their tendency to cause huge suffering amongst sentient creatures , often including even the individuals themselves . 
  christ , i bought a chocolate bear today just because it was cute , and i have a blood-sugar problem . 
  and most people are even stupider than that . 
  you go ahead and think of whatever word in whatever language best expresses that . 
  then substitute it into `` the vast majority of people are fucking x '' . 
  then stop being irritating with the `` only half of people are stupider than average '' , because you know what we fucking mean , you tool . 
  yes , there may always be a certain amount of non-native mangling . 
  but will it be a mangling of standard english , or a mangling of a version pre-mangled overseas ? 
   not even the biggest british europhiles would support an elected president . 
  ahem . 
  speak for yourself . 
  a united states of europe with all those things would be great . 
  i appreciate that your last few posts are probably jokes , but they are likely to be taken literally . 
  so if you have a shred of patriotism , desist from making americans look so stupid . 
  we really need to bring in norway as a uk replacement . 
  make europe great again !, 
  build a wall at calais and make britain pay for it !, 
  the ironic thing is that the petty nationalism that led to brexit would likely make the lingua franca of the eu become not english but american english . 
  good suggestions . 
  however , they said that it might identify the company . 
  that leaves me stumped ... 
  i dunno ... a joke about `` coke and hookers '' ? 
  local accents are a different issue . 
  that is absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  we once spoke highly inflected indo-european languages such as latin across the continent . 
  english happens to be a big language now because of the success of the british empire , a torch that was picked up by the usa . 
  similarly , japanese is n't written in an adapted form of chinese characters because chinese is a nice , easy , intuitive writing system . 
  it 's because of the history of chinese cultural and military power . 
  people do n't choose what language they want to use as a lingua franca . 
  where is scotland ? 
  as a native speaker , i find that one baffling even when expanded . 
  it 's a bit silly to see franco as a symbol of `` spanish rule '' . 
  it 's not as if catalonia was not spanish during the first and second republic , and under the old monarchy , stretching back for hundreds of years , and franco conquered it to annex it to spain in the twentieth century . 
  franco is a symbol of fascist rule over all of spain , which includes catalonia and the rest . 
  stupid , sexy flanders . 
  because it 's the bit of the low countries that was under the spanish empire for some time , and thus did n't develop the netherlandic identity that it probably otherwise would have . 
  certainly if he said `` piano '' instead of `` quiet '' or vice versa , i would correct him . 
  note that the pole in question thanked me for the correction , as i would if corrected in one of my foreign languages . 
  but do n't let that stop your downvote spree . 
  i wo n't reply to you trolls any more . 
   xx century just a head 's - up : that means `` chromasomally female century '' in english . 
  not what you meant . 
  it 's a joking reference to tom bombadil in * the lord of the rings * controversially being left out of the films . 
  pity they left boabdil out of the movie . 
  oh , one of those . 
  i 'm not mistaking anything . 
  convenience is entirely separate . 
  i mentioned that the files are safe from being lost . 
  you are using the fallacy of equivocation , speaking of safety from being read by someone else . 
  i have a tinfoil cap for my computer , so i do n't fear the cia reading my university essays and study materials . 
   trusting the internet any data you 're unwilling to lose . 
  you could scoffingly say the same thing about local storage . 
  i think dropbox is pretty safe actually . 
  it 's synched across two of my devices , and the dropbox servers . 
  if one or two of those became inaccessible , i 'd still have the third . 
  i came here to say this . 
  what does `` 44km is just over one marathon in miles '' even mean ? 
  i do n't think it 's a possible sentence in english . 
  i know they did . 
  but then you bizarrely said that `` 44km is just over one marathon ** in miles ** . '', 
  miles do n't have anything to do with it . 
  i think that soontobekate has stalked my account and seen that i eat a vegetarian ketogenic diet , and thus your experience as a carnivorous ( or omnivorous , without the hyperbole ) carbohydrate addict wo n't be relevant to me . 
  no thanks !, 
  it 's essentially a sugar diet . 
  a fasting state essentially comes about from not getting sufficient carbohydrates , sending you into ketosis to survive .
