  nobody has better donalds than us . 
  he 's huge . 
  believe me . 
  so , you 've said `` fuck you '' to the uk , ireland and spain , and annexed the arab counties and russia to the eu . 
  there is n't anything between norway and sweden . 
  i 'm not seeing anything about size or suchlike here : http://zhongwen.com/d/172/x252.htm, 
  there are hundreds of phonemic distinctions in other languages that you can not hear . 
  getting english speakers to distinguish between * tout , dessous , coup * on one hand , and * tu , dessus , cul * on the other , is largely an exercise in banging your head against a wall . 
  no , that * mei * means `` beautiful '' . 
  but it is purely phonetic in * meiguo * though . 
  stamped , addressed envelopes ? 
  what 's a `` british accent '' ? 
  he does n't sound anything like a welshman or scotsman . 
  it 's specifically an english accent . 
  i 've actually got * asterix legionarius * entirely translated into latin . 
  not impossible to translate at all . 
  they were all replaced with equivalents . 
  the english translations actually have * better * puns than the original . 
  the italian translations throw in * sono pazzi questi romani * for `` spqr '' . 
  while you 're correcting , bear in mind that the country is called * gaul * ( * gallia * with two ls in latin ) , that nationalities require a capital letter , and the word * people * is plural . 
  in southern europe , pretty much everyone 's english is awful . 
  except that * embarazado * for `` embarrassed '' is an error , whereas * f\u00fatbol * for `` football '' is correct . 
  and * desconcertado * means `` disconcerted '' . 
  `` embarrassment '' is * verg\u00fcenza * . 
  i have found that l americans understand what * coger * means , despite them personally using it in slang . 
  patience . 
  i ca n't remember off the top of my head , but i recall that people have raised some concerns about certain processes , and i support examining the whole thing to see if democracy and transparency can be maximised . 
  because brexit may make them realise that change is required for survival . 
  hey , i might be able to get irish citizenship by descent , or else move back to europe ( from australia ) and gain citizenship where i settle . 
  what we need now is no more broadening ( more countries just dilutes the project and leads to anti-immigrant sentiment ) and no more deepening ( when that happens too fast , people start getting separatist ) but lots more refining ( making sure the institutions are as democratic as possible , doing the most efficient job possible , and countering sun-style propaganda ) . 
  sure . 
  i was n't wondering why !, 
  american hegemony is a pervasive problem . 
  they are more us spanish , really . 
  that just happens to be kinda from mexico . 
  i 've seen textbooks where the dialogues are mostly set in the us , referring to dollars for prices , etc. 
   it 's frustrating but then again ... the vast majority of foreigners i met who are studying portuguese chose br pt . 
  do they choose ? 
  i wanted to learn portuguese , so i went to duolingo . 
  brazilian flag , brazilian language . 
  ok , went to look for a textbook and a dictionary . 
  brazilian , brazilian . 
  i want to learn the languages of europe , but stuff about english , spanish and portuguese is massively skewed in their content because of the big populations of former colonies . 
  i 'm not really interested in anything in the new world , but i 'd probably get counted as a `` foreigner studying portuguese who chose br pt '' . 
  feel free to choose irish instead . 
  oh wait : even you do n't speak that . 
  as if you would be ok with every shop banning the hijab !, 
  your right to whatever the fuck you like ? 
  ok , i dare you to wear nothing over your crotch and walk by your local school . 
  i dare you to wear a police uniform at all times . 
  i dare you to wear a balaclava in a bank . 
  let 's see how far your right goes . 
  they should n't be . 
  but , in their defence , crosses are usually small and unobtrusive compared to the ostentatious muslim signals . 
  he 's just a troll . 
  you know damn well that the jews have been oppressed , and are a small group , so christianity and islam get more flak , within the abrahamic cults . 
  but if it makes you happy : fuck judaism too , and in particular the zionism it has been used to justify . 
  virtually everyone . 
  public exposure is a serious crime . 
  can you wear a motorcycle helmet in a bank , or go naked by your local primary school ? 
  you called atheism a religion . 
  you have now lost the argument . 
  so you 're ok with flashers . 
  implying mensa is cool . 
  is that like when yanks call each other `` un-american '' ? 
  lol, 
  nice try . 
  that just shows current support , not future support . 
  and it 's also support for being in or out of the euro , when in the eu . 
  if the euro is just a necessary part of the package , people may take it as just something they have to accept in order to get back in . 
  time will tell . 
  it depends on how well the eu goes . 
  hopefully the uk goes down the toilet after its show of backwardness , and is grovelling to get back in in the late 21st century . 
  i very nearly tore up my now-useless british passport , but i 'll wait and see . 
  why on earth is it outlandish ? 
  half the country wanted in . 
  `` deluded '' actually means something . 
  a prediction about whether or not the uk will join the eu one day is not a matter of delusion . 
  do keep up . 
  the cowbells were an animal welfare issue . 
  the church bells early in the morning were a noise-pollution issue . 
  when people with your level of integrity cut off other bits of children , or stick fingers and penises inside them , we also care a lot about it . 
  you may notice a common theme : compassion for the defenceless . 
  go back to compassion-free spaces like the donald . 
  you do n't belong in a civilised country . 
  stop being such a vile country , and people wo n't need to point it out any more . 
   i agreed with what you said about how it will become a black market procedure , that 's a tricky scenario . 
  fine . 
  that provides a nice , clear way of getting rid of the most backward migrants and religious freaks without them being able to whine about religious oppression . 
  abuse your child , and you go to gaol , followed by deportation if any country will have you . 
  do n't abuse your child , and we 'll turn a blind eye to your other signs of failure to integrate into a modern western culture , and hope you eventually get a clue . 
  we ca n't say fairer than that . 
  a * corpus cavernosum * ( erectile tissue ) is not a * preputium clitoridis * ( clitoral hood ) though . 
  that is exactly the same excuse given to justify cutting girls too . 
  i have never heard of a country having `` a strong aversion to circumcision '' . 
  that 's like saying there are countries that have a strong aversion to slicing off the lower half of the left nipple . 
  it 's just the default position that you do n't randomly mutilate people . 
  the tiny number of boys who need some surgical help with some aspect of their penis has nothing to do with circumcision as a jewish/muslim/american ritual , and is only brought up to muddy the waters . 
  sometimes labiaplasty is necessary in girls . 
  sometimes the vagina , and even the anus for that matter , never open .
