  the filter lets through too much dust , and i 'm on the verge of an asthma attack . 
  it needs to be changed , regardless of how good you think it is . 
  we * disagree * on that . 
  it 's not that i ` do n't understand ' how great it is . '', 
   your words demonstrate your utter lack of knowledge . 
  i 've barely said anything about the supreme court , and you have not managed to point out a single thing that was inaccurate . 
  it looks like we just * disagree * on whether it 's a well set-up institution . 
  people can * disagree * without you hurling vitriol . 
   ease off being stupid . 
  again , ease off with the pointless insults . 
  i know precisely what the scotus does , and * disagree with it * . 
  people who agree with something very often confuse disagreement with it as a lack of understanding . 
  and ease off on the troll insults . 
  i did n't choose their system . 
  the point is that we 're not . 
  the _ supreme court _ was faster . 
  no legislation was passed , no referendum held . 
  it was fundamentally undemocratic . 
  they should n't get any credit for it . 
  pretty much every time i 've had sex , i was too drunk to drive . 
  worse , i do n't even have a licence !, 
   the idea is that the absence of a refusal is not is not affirmation of consent . 
  some people might be afraid to refuse yes , that 's why we have an age of consent , and also ban sexual activity with people in vulnerable situations like severe mental handicap . 
  children ca n't be considered to have consented just because they did n't say no , or even if they said yes . 
  ordinary competent grown-ups , by contrast , can . 
  an utterly separate issue . 
  they learn from a mix . 
  look at any english textbook in europe . 
  the thing is that i hear that about pretty much every subject . 
  maths , programming , music ... everyone who does n't work in those areas is convinced that it 's a waste of time for highschoolers to learn them . 
  denmark is already doing a sterling job of learning english . 
  the question is what else to learn . 
  another language is a good thing . 
  i admit i 'm biased because i use five languages in my work , but it 's really not just specialists like me . 
  everyone in my english school had to do french plus one out of spanish , german and latin . 
  we still had time to do plenty of other subjects . 
  well , sure , in denmark . 
  those languages will also cover you in the uk , but that does n't mean the uk only learns english and does n't bother with german , etc. 
  what if you do business with your nearest neighbour ? 
  if you require them to speak a foreign language ( english ) , you are at a disadvantage . 
  you 're in the same position as a monolingual briton . 
  sure , that 's better than being a monolingual latvian , but still . 
  they were just being silly , because the french for `` days '' looks a bit like it might mean `` years '' . 
   lots of them ? 
  tell me , do n't ask me . 
  i just asked you . 
   the day after the attack , the remaining staff of charlie hebdo announced that publication would continue , yeah , * they * carried on , although not like before . 
  i asked about * other * publications though . 
  i might add that i meant major publications too . 
  * i * carried on criticising religion after the attacks , but only major publications matter . 
  i 'll be clear : i 'm not aware of the bbc , the guardian , le monde , etc showing the cartoons . 
  if they did , i missed it . 
  if a cartoon of beyonc\u00e9 motivated an insane fan to murder the cartoonists , all outlets would have found it very relevant to show us what the fuss was all about , even if a big chunk of their audience were fond of the singer and would be `` alienated '' . 
  even if it had been of the pope , they would have done the same , perhaps with a bit of pathetic deference , but still . 
  however , make it islam , and everyone is scared . 
  charlie hebdo was the victim of vexatious lawsuits several times before the islamists decided to cut to the chase . 
  in effect , there are sharia blasphemy laws making it practically impossible for media to show certain things . 
  islamists are ready to use courts , guns , or whatever else to silence us . 
  and it 's working . 
  can ayaan hirsi ali just say what she likes about islam ? 
  can salman rushdi ? 
  how many publications dared to reprint charlie hebdo 's cartoons in the aftermath ? 
  are you being dense or disingenuous ? 
   not in every eu country it is n't we did n't think that blasphemy carried the death penalty in europe either , until 7/1/2015 . 
  why on earth have you used dark colours for the high * and * low percentages ? 
  how can you be unable to read the letters alpha and kappa if you know the latin alphabet ? 
  you 're as american as apple pie with a gun in it . 
  the queen gives royal assent to the bill moreover , this assent is recorded in norman french : _ la reyne le veult _ . 
  that 's how old this stuff is . 
  * landline, 
  if they 'd tried to make it traditional , it would have ended up being a pathetic provincial copy of westminster . 
  far better to go for an entirely different style . 
  what i learnt from this is that we really need to get those mps some desks like everyone else . 
  how else do you keep your snakes cool ? 
  you really need to apply for us citizenship . 
  well , screw you . 
  i am a cosmopolitan asset to any country i settle in , and i am applying for my third citizenship . 
  all the english names are improvements . 
  * ordralfab\u00e9tix * is a bit lame . 
  so , yes . 
  so you have arbitrary rules about individuals ' names , which force special snowflakes and foreigners alike to adhere to a standard that seems obvious to most serbs . 
  iceland does the same . 
  yeah , like the most common irish surname is o ' . 
  surely it 's from the first name martin , just like the spanish * mart\u00ednez * . 
  it should be under patronymics . 
  no , it 's the genitive form of the name ( which may end in * s * ) plus * son * or * d\u00f3ttir * . 
  in your country , i imagine people are required to have a surname , right ? 
  * o * and * \u00d3 * are considered separate letters . 
  you forgot a category for favourite drink . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  you hate your shitty , arrogant culture being called out . 
  what language are you writing that in ? 
  you are not like china or india . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  it 's a cultural cesspit . 
  they are also a bit weird in deciding who gets called `` first lady '' . 
  there are probably a couple of countries that have aped the american title `` first lady '' , but i 'm pretty sure turkey and france are n't among them . 
  so why do they get called that , and not the other leaders ' partners ? 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  to be fair , she 's a symbol of an outdated institution too .
