  i have never heard these rarely necessary medical interventions brought up when fgm is mentioned . 
  the reason is that no one seeks to muddy the waters so as to make fgm look medical . 
  it 's not `` debating semantics '' . 
  it 's simply pointing out that what you said was contradictory . 
  well , to be fair they are probably just waiting for the free root canals , pedicures , martinis and blowjobs that will be funded by the 350 million quid a week that the nhs is set to start receiving any day now . 
  once they 've had their fill of such delights , they 'll be able to leave for europistan or wherever they 're heading . 
  do n't worry : it 'll soon be true . 
  the uk 's opt-out will cease to exist due to brexit . 
  when the uk comes crawling back , it will be obliged to have the euro like everyone else . 
   citizenship is a privilege , so , again , you admit that you believe that . 
  so , you would n't see a problem in the privilege of your citizen being taken away because people disagree with your politics on a fairly minor local issue . 
  i 'll help you out : you will seem more logical if you retreat to a position according to which * naturalisation * is a privilege , but * citizenship * is not . 
  yep , it was quite a burn . 
  you disagreed with someone 's very benign activism , and thus labelled her with a particularly vile word . 
  this , ironically , shows that it applies quite well to you . 
  it is rather embarrassing to be you . 
  try to be a better person . 
  you will find it grants you self-esteem that is deeper and more fulfilling that whatever you are currently basing your worth on . 
   they voted her down for being a loudmouth asshole . 
  it says exactly this in the article . 
  that is a total lie . 
  the article makes no such claim . 
  it reports quite neutrally the neighbours actions and their rationalisation for them , and her response to all that . 
  the article does not use the word `` asshole '' and does not support either side . 
  it 's as though the article reporting on a gay guy being denied citizenship , reporting neighbours accusations that gays spread aids , and then you summarised the situation as `` they did n't vote him down for being gay . 
  they voted him down for spreading aids . '', 
  sure . 
  if it 's a privilege , then no , they are not different . 
  you 're implying she 's bringing in these foreign ideas of compassion from the exotic netherlands into switzerland , and thus needs to integrate . 
  she is basically swiss . 
  she blossomed into a person who cares about local issues such as noise pollution as a swiss . 
  it is exactly like a european being dragged to spain as a small child , and growing up ( like very , very many spaniards ) to realise that bullfighting is a bit backward , and then having people use the fact that she was technically born in another country ( which she probably ca n't really even remember ) to deny her rights that everyone around her has . 
  a closer musical parallel would be that people in the village tend to listen to really loud music whenever they like , greatly disturbing some people , but they selfishly do n't care . 
  you decide to make a stand about this , and see if you can get a majority of residents to sign a petition to have some reasonable decibel limits and time-of-day limits on the noise pollution . 
  it will only go through if a majority agree with you , so it 's not like you 're imposing something on the community ( or are a `` cunt '' in the charming vocabulary of this subreddit ) . 
  since you also campaigned for the community to outlaw wife-beating last year , and the year before that you successfully got the drains fixed , a majority of your neighbours hate you for one reason or another because you 've stepped on their toes in some way . 
  instead of counter-campaigning on the issues , using facts and arguments , or just not voting with you , they find some technicality ( maybe you migrated as a child , or maybe you 're gay or something ) to deny you political rights that everyone else who 's lived their life there has . 
  they dress it up as an `` integration '' issue , because there have been a lot of immigrants doing stuff like making noise , beating wives and blocking drains lately ( because they come from even more backward countries where people do n't understand that such things are problems ) and there are people too stupid to see the difference between bad behaviour , and campaigning against bad behaviour . 
   is n't that what has got us into so much trouble in the first place in europe ? 
  no , people campaigning to reduce noise pollution and cruelty is ** not ** what has caused any trouble in europe . 
  the lack of such principled people is the problem . 
  you have a very low bar for what you consider extremist . 
  admit it : you 'd like to strip all progressives in those cities of rights to campaign and vote , would n't you ? 
   there is a big difference between being blonde and being a cunt . 
  you can choose to be a cunt , why do n't you stop then ? 
  learn the difference between straw man and reductio ad absurdum . 
   damm , those cowbells in the photo are huge . 
  how can the cows get to the ground to eat with those ? 
  so , you agree with her that they are ridiculous . 
   and she sounds like a cunt that just wants to annoy everyone else , no wonder their neighbours are pissed ok ... now you presumably think that you yourself are a cunt that just wants to annoy everyone else . 
  it is obviously something that is very directly comparable . 
  make your argument for there being some factor that makes this incomparable . 
  she is fully integrated . 
  being an activist does not mean a lack of integration . 
  that would imply that all politicians , all visionaries , all major leaders in technology , etc should have their citizenship rescinded because they are trying to change the country . 
   i see very little difference between this woman and a jihadist preacher . 
  you 're a fucking idiot then . 
  that post says nothing other than that you are anti-vegan . 
  so if you had dual citizenship , or they granted you citizenship of somewhere else , you would n't have a problem with danish citizenship being arbitrarily taken from you ? 
  you people have tricolour privilege !, 
  countries with crosses might have a fighting chance of getting their flag appearing naturally too , but the uk is screwed . 
  well , we all knew that . 
   we are leaving though . 
  ok , [ there 's the door ] ( https://whyevolutionistrue.wordpress.com/2016/07/12/simons-cat-explains-brexit/amp/ ) . 
  what would be the approved , non-racist way of indicating that the gunman/terrorist in question is a jihadi one ? 
  is there any possible way which would not result in some people saying that the cartoon is a smearing of all muslims ? 
  we 've had enough traducement from russia already . 
   christmas dinner is not complete without bonbons . 
  we need to point out that these are xmas crackers that one pulls to make a bang , rather than being sweets . 
  here in australia , there are essentially british xmas traditions implanted into a southern hemisphere country . 
  so , although we sunbathed in the garden today , some of the houses in the neighbourhood have fake snow on them or reindeer made out of lights . 
  we do n't cuddle by the hearth , or have nice mulled wine . 
  xmas dinner is often ham as in spain . 
  father xmas tends to be called `` santa '' from watching too much tv . 
  heresy !, 
  there 's no spanish inquisition . 
  it 'll be the european inquisition from now on , * \u00a1 hijo m\u00edo !, 
  that 's for having sex with women . 
  it should be * nigellus p\u00e6dicetur * or similar . 
  yes , i am always baffled by this . 
  being born in london , i always took it for granted that i had an identity as a southerner ( there is a big north-south divide in identity ) , as english , as british and as european . 
  my passport has always said both `` united kingdom '' and `` european union '' on it . 
  all sorts of laws operate at the level of england & wales , or at the level of the united kingdom , or are eu standards . 
  similar with sport . 
  hell , there 's even the concept of the commonwealth . 
  i 've always taken a tiered identity for granted . 
  if we add the fact that i 'm half irish , and i became an australian citizen later in life , the idea of having one national identity starts to be very weird from my perspective . 
  instead of all these guesses and declarations , i 'm just going to say that we really do n't know what the hell happened , and leave it like that for now . 
  adults . 
  comments like that show that many people are not actually against rape per se . 
  it 's clear that our western idea of `` gay '' is n't really close to their conception of these matters . 
  it 's more that if you stick your dick in someone , you 're a real man . 
  if someone sticks their dick in you , you are reduced to the status of a mere woman . 
  it 's the same primitive idea across pretty much all traditional cultures . 
  the modern west ( outside of prisons ) is strange in not seeing sex as purely a matter of power , and having our concept of sexual orientation . 
   i know what my vacuum cleaner does but i disagree !, 
  that does n't begin to be a good analogy . 
  sticking right there with the vacuum-cleaner theme , one could easily imagine someone saying `` that 's just how vacuum cleaners work !, 
  what 's it like to be so uneducated ?!?! '', 
  and their interlocutor saying `` yeah , i know how the damn thing works , but my point was that i object to you using the thing around me .
