  it 's probably as good as any . 
   in romania ? 
  in india ? 
  in japan ? 
  in the u.s ? 
  those are probably even worse . 
   i 'm not saying he was n't bullied . 
  [ ... ] is that sufficient grounds to kill people ? 
  what was the first lesson i said to take from this ? 
   or is that sufficient grounds to condemn an entire nation of being racist , did i say that all of germany was racist ? 
  unfortunately , a lot of these people say `` muslims '' , but mean `` those darkies '' . 
  it 's so annoying , because i am a harsh critic of islam , and do n't want any confusion of such criticism , and the aforementioned racism . 
  did n't he yell something like `` fucking turks '' on that rooftop car park ? 
  i suspect that he hated germany being so full of assimilated migrants with whom he , an assimilated second-generation migrant , was confused by other germans . 
  it sounds like he just wanted to be accepted . 
  apart from the obvious `` do n't go crazy and take out your woes on the world , '' it seems to me there is the lesson of `` give people a fair go , and do n't bully them for things outside of their control . '', 
  interesting . 
  like the difference between an ethnic kazakh , and someone who is merely kazakhstani . 
  i think i might start saying `` turkeyan '' !, 
  something that is fundamentally mistaken can not be said to have nothing wrong with it . 
  moreover , believing that the imaginary creator of the universe is on your side is a recipe for doing things despite their obvious harmfulness . 
  similarly , thinking that the only life that really exists is just an antechamber for another life after it , is a recipe for devaluing this life . 
  funnily enough , there is n't any ideology i like that has hordes of murderers in it , or which would be served by murder . 
  so , ahead of time , i can sure i 'm going to condemn any attack and see it as confirmation of my opposition to violent ideologies . 
  i guess you pick and choose more than me . 
  germany had barely any choice in this . 
  they are weighed down by the guilt of a previous generation . 
  germany had to go above and beyond the call of duty in helping out the poor masses fleeing persecution . 
  unfortunately , terrorists do n't care how moral you are . 
  in fact , it 's worse . 
  no , do n't . 
  they fucking love martyrdom . 
  they need to live long and embarrassing lives in prison . 
  no , less religion . 
  sure , islam is causing more trouble right now . 
  we need less religion . 
  why did something so blatantly wrong get voted up ? 
  i once veered into geography in an english class i was teaching , and asked where france was . 
  an indian student answered that it was a town in paris . 
  hmm , in italian and spanish they are `` austria '' and `` australia '' too . 
  i think it 's that most americans have no passport and speak no other language . 
  i sometimes get annoyed that some people i work with vaguely speak of `` my country '' , `` my country '' , `` my country '' , or at best say they are from south america when asked . 
  but then i realise that it 's probably from long experience of specifically saying they 're from chile or el salvador , and aussies not having the foggiest fucking clue what they 're talking about . 
  they might as well say they 're from mars . 
  i have to remember that not everyone spent their childhood memorising the atlas and vowing to live in every country one day . 
  you 're confusing it with chechenyiraqia . 
  some people do so , but it always gives the ( probably correct ) impression that think every individual is a guy ( they try to make that one unisex too ! ), 
  no , it was those thuggish jains again !, 
  the bbc title is very misleading . 
  ideally it would have been corrected here . 
  a man did n't knife his mother and his three daughters . 
  a man knifed a woman and her three daughters . 
  and i could tell that he was from a muslim country before i read the article , due to the large number of posts deleted . 
  i see it the same as at the individual level . 
  as a slightly impoverished but ordinary member of society who works and has a flat , i kind of feel i should do a bit for the even less fortunate , so i pay my taxes without complaint , and give a bit to charity . 
  i 've never made anyone poor . 
  so , this seems to suffice for me . 
  i do n't feel i need to invite random homeless people into my home , and just tolerate the risk of getting raped and robbed . 
  it 's the same in the world . 
  my country ( australia , originally the uk ) is n't perfect , but it 's not one of the baddies on the world stage . 
  it 's had a good record for some time now . 
  so we give a bit of foreign aid , help out with peacekeeping , and take in some refugees . 
  i do n't see why we have to have a policy of utter openness , equivalent to taking two vagrants into your bed and seven in your living room . 
  i do n't see why we should put up with * any * of our honoured guests deliberately targeting us for violence * because * of our generosity . 
  you can say , `` oh , but this homeless guy was abused as a child , and was born addicted to heroin ... '' . 
  yeah , sure , that sounds even worse than my life . 
  i 've volunteered at soup kitchens for people like that . 
  he 's still not allowed to crash on my couch . 
  i 'll do a certain amount , but at the end of the day , it 's not my problem . 
  my pantry is very well stocked and organised , thank you very much . 
  the title * sir * goes with a forename . 
  none of that will work . 
  what they need to do is go back in time and not let in so many muslims from north africa . 
  there 's nowhere called `` catalunya '' . 
  fuck , i do n't go round saying `` quand scotland se s\u00e9parera de l'uk ... '', 
  no , it just adds extra injustice . 
  it underlines the fact that there was not even a twisted political justification for this . 
  there was no nuance of fighting back against the oppressor , and innocents getting in the way . 
  this was just someone trying to make the world a worse place for the very sake of it . 
  islamists do n't believe in this world : they act only for another , non-existent one after it . 
  they are worst possible sort of sick idiot . 
  the way these things work is that someone gets radicalised , carries out an outrage , and then uses the name of whoever is the biggest player at the time . 
  it would have been al qaeda a few years ago . 
  it does n't mean he 's actually in contact with them directly . 
  to be honest , all that shows is what a huge number of practising muslims there are in france . 
  this was a muslim attack on western civilisation . 
  a lot of that is passing laws against thoughtcrime . 
  that 's a problem . 
  i do n't know what else to do to combat islamism though . 
  it 's a cancer that needs cutting out . 
  especially not #prayfornice . 
  that one is as backward as you can possibly get . 
  no , it 's awful . 
  then he gets to be a `` martyr '' . 
  it 's far better if he has the humiliation of being locked up like a common criminal . 
  hell , if i were his victim , and had the choice beforehand , i 'd have him straitjacketed in a room with my dead body draped over him . 
  only when my body had completely decomposed , bursting apart with maggots all over him , and reduced to dry bone , would he be allowed to stand up , be hosed down , and go to spend the rest of his sentence with his fellow criminal scum . 
  maybe that way he 'd understand what he 'd done to a human being . 
   i know french media has only called it an attack , but not terror yet . 
  to be borne in mind is the fact that the word translated as `` attack '' here is * attentat * , which is n't just any attack .
