  it 's a bit silly to even suggest those options . 
  yeah , but look at it from their side , if you allow people to vote wherever they want , it 's much more difficult to stop black people voting through gerrymandering . 
  of the 5 seemingly most likely coalition candidates , vvd and cda are bad for the climate , but d66 , gl and cu would all be good . 
  they 're the nice kind of christians though , the love thy neigbour kind , not the burn in hell kind . 
  d66 and cu are n't that bad . 
  at least they wo n't fuck over the environment like vvd and cda would . 
  also , she 's really really hot . 
  congratulations , you have just invented a dutch translation for the term `` gold digger '' . 
  the lists have already been mentioned , but you are still right that wilders is the sole member of his party . 
  in the netherlands you do n't have to be a member of a party to represent them in parliament or government . 
  no , we do n't have a district system , the votes are counted on the national level , so there 's no contamination , no matter where people vote . 
  infinite , i guess , which means the overall turnout has to be infinite as well . 
  that sounds really nice , actually . 
  it could work , but i do n't see pvda being very keen to return to government , after this loss . 
  it is possible , but extremely unlikely . 
  vvd will be the first to try and form a government and , although it may take a few months , they 'll succeed eventually . 
  it 'll most likely be vvd-cda-d66 and 1 or 2 others . 
  oh yeah , you 're right , i never seem to remember to acknowledge the existence of the markermeer as separate from the ijsselmeer . 
  it exists , sort of . 
  there are some newly created islands in the middle of the ~ ~ ijsselmeer ( ijssel lake ) ~ ~ markermeer , called marker wadden and they put a polling station there , with people being ferried over to vote there . 
  and we 're projected to surpass 80 % this time , possibly getting to 85 % . 
  on a workday . 
  without mandatory voting . 
  that 's pretty good , i 'd say . 
   lol , yeah . 
  these arguments are always very funny . 
  the only people making these arguments here , though , are a dutch guy and two germans . 
  which , i have to agree , sounds like the beginning of a very funny joke . 
   instead of actual plans that have been examined by the cpb this is a bad argument . 
  the cpb would have advised against ending slavery , had the bureau existed at the time , simply because it would 've been bad for the government 's budget . 
  the cpb is not the end-all judge of a party 's program . 
  also , i agree with / u/kapodistrias that you should n't tell people not to vote for someone . 
  sp has proven to be a party that is quite capable of being in government at the regional and local levels . 
  pvdd has proven that a party does not need to get into the government to have influence , successfully getting animal rights on the agenda . 
  pvv and 50plus do give voice to some fears that exist , however unjustified i might find those fears . 
  surely , this can not be judged as low-effort , though . 
  the ww2 thing is mostly for convenience , although since dutch political parties were disbanded during the war , the new ones that came after the war , although built on the foundations of the old parties , often took on different names and , possibly , but i ca n't say for certain , different , updated roles . 
  there was also the obvious anti-fascist sentiment , of course , as well as the cold war , which makes probably all european politics different after ww2 . 
  the last 4 years , our government was , i think , about as technocratic as it gets , without actually having a technocratic government . 
  the main difference with the purple coalition would be in the economic circumstances , with the last government having to correct for a bad evonomy , instituting austerity , whereas purple was in charge during the booming 90s . 
  but , in general , yeah , i think the ideologies were n't very different , with a liberal , centrist government . 
  it may have been a bit more right wing now than in the 90s , but that 's always the case when there 's austerity . 
  the left wing pvda was generally judged to be the weaker coalition partner this time around , though , which is reflected in their projected loss . 
  that requires some insight in dutch political history . 
  i 'll try to give a summary . 
  the netherlands has always been a country of compromises and working together . 
  we 're built on nothing but minorities . 
  in the past , it was catholics vs protestants vs socialists vs liberals and none of them ever had a majority . 
  so , complete opposites were forced to work together . 
  this meant that you , begrudgingly , had to tolerate what you disagreed with . 
  that is actually the dutch tolerance that dutch people take pride in . 
  when homosexuals got their rights back in whenever , it was n't because the dutch people liked gays , it was because , despite people 's dislike , they tolerated them . 
  just like the catholics , the socialists , the liberals and the protestants tolerated eachother . 
  move forward to today , to the problems we 're having with turkish and muslim integration . 
  this tendency of cooperation despite our differences still exists , even though it is under pressure from wilders . 
  so , as a result , we accept that there are differences , even if we do not wish to accept the subjugation of women , for instance . 
  it is not just the political elite , to use a populist term , that wants to work it out between natives and newcomers through cooperation , it 's the vast majority of the population , including the newcomers themselves . 
  accepting that it 's going to be difficult and that there will be setbacks along the way , like those riots you mentioned , is the hard part , of course , but the will is there . 
  there was a great article from i think the financial times posted a few weeks ago on / r/thenetherlands , where the journalist looked up wilders supporters and found people who did not hate foreigners and who did not want to kick out the muslims , but who wanted to help real refugees and who wanted to get rid of segregation , not create it . 
  i could try and look up the article if you 're interested . 
  also , if you listen to the political discourse , none of the parties , from left to right , deny that there are problems with integration and immigration . 
  the difference is in the solutions the parties offer , so wilders can not be said to be the only one who is brave enough to state the truth , like populists in other countries might ( not sure about that , i 'm just assuming here ) . 
  then there is the problem of wilders that even many of his supporters see : geert wilders himself . 
  there have been many interviews in which his supporters flat out said that they did not want him to be in charge , but they just want him to rock the boat . 
  if we take the issue of the turks again , the problem there is usually identified as coming from outside the country , from erdogan . 
  people realise that you need someone with a bit of diplomatic skill to solve foreign problems and they do n't see that in wilders , which is why rutte , who * is * seen as having that skill ( not responding harshly is judged as the better course of action here , let erdogan make a fool of himself , it strengthens our own position with our allies ) seems to benefit from the row with turkey . 
  so , to summarise , the dutch are optimists , who believe that with time and effort , we can live together , as we have with all the different people who came before the muslim immigrants . 
  if problems continue to exist , that might change , and a pessimist might turn out to be a realist in the future , if we 're judged to have acted to weakly or too late , but for now , that 's where we 're at . 
  edit : [ found the financial times piece , for those interested ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/c44350c6-f85f-11e6-bd4e-68d53499ed71 ) edit edit : paywall , [ here 's the / r/europe thread on it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vpjwt/is_farright_populism_winning_in_the_netherlands/ ) with the full text in the comments, 
  i do see a resemblance . 
  their hair reminds me a bit of those 18th century wigs . 
  it 's not . 
  like others have said , the current leader is an important aspect . 
  especially if you compare him with their previous leader , who was never very popular . 
  he was more or less chosen as the party 's leader because there was no one else available and was really just meant to be a kind of interim leader . 
  he 's still abailable for election , by the way , which reflects that status . 
  i think he 's now 4th or 5th on the list . 
  add to that the fact that the last elections got turned into a vvd vs pvda contest , and you had a lot of their potential voters going to the politically close pvda to keep the vvd out of government . 
  funny thing is , we ended up with both . 
  he kinda is , yeah . 
  but at the same time , that can be tempered by his coalition partners . 
  also , whatever he is , he does n't tend to show his political colors , unless there 's an election going on . 
  he 's more of a manager than a political leader in most of his prime ministerial duties , which means he does n't have a lot of real enemies . 
  many people are at least reasonably fine with him , even if they do n't like his party . 
  it did n't . 
  ww2 is often used as a watershed in dutch history , including political history . 
  we just think in terms of `` before the war '' and `` after the war '' . 
  alright , i will quote myself here :  chicago is safe for wealthy white people . 
  related :  if you 're rich and living in a nice neighbourhood , you 'll probably be pretty safe , whichever city you 're in . 
  can you see what i 'm arguing now ? 
  here , i 'll give you another quote :  ( ... ) then i will call the list completely useless . 
  can you see it now ? 
  i 'll tell you one thing you ca n't see , me actually calling chicago unsafe . 
  another thing , me saying anything about inequality in europe compared to the us . 
  you ca n't see that , because it 's not what i 'm arguing . 
  i 'll help you some more , by straight up telling you what i 'm arguing , because you seem to have missed the point previously . 
  i 'm arguing that only looking at safe places in any city is a bad thing to do ( chicago was brought up by others , so i went along with that , feel free to argue your point with the people who * do * claim chicago is unsafe , though ) , because it would lead to a very boring list where almost every city in the world ends up on the same spot . 
  i 'm not arguing that chicago is unsafe ( it may or may not be , i do n't have the numbers and they are not relevant to what i * am * arguing ) and i 'm not arguing that europe is better than the us . 
  my argument would be the same for every city , no matter which side of the atlantic they 're on : you can not just look at safe neigbourhoods to judge the safety of a city . 
  assuming i 'm not black and poor , of course .
