but you do n't get to complain afterwards . 
  thankfully , we do . 
  if they come from war-torn countries , their application for asylum wo n't be turned down . 
  theoretically . 
  do you at least still have schifffahrt ? 
  it 's just a single word , but `` angstschreeuw '' has a nice number of consonants . 
  a storm on social media means nothing and swearing under your breath when discussing the syrian crisis with saudi arabia seems perfectly reasonable . 
  it 's an uncomfortable subject , discussing it will be uncomfortable . 
  according to crossword puzzles we also use `` neb '' . 
  you can have our limburg , but we wo n't take your luxembourg . 
  you wanted it , you deal with it . 
  are you him ? 
  you 're him , are n't you . 
  that is also a large part of us wanting flanders to join . 
  i would n't mind having de bruyne and some others in our new low countries national team . 
  we could offer ... erm ... yeah ... robben is still quite good ... 
  when he 's standing ... 
  fair enough . 
  also , i 've been thinking about this last night - we all know how reddit posts can haunt us in our sleep - and i have this nagging feeling that we 're all overestimating germany . 
  there 's no reason for it , just like there 's no reason for my positioning of france on this completely arbitrary and imaginary list . 
  i think you forgot about the benelux countries and austria there . 
  make it top 9 and i 'd agree . 
  top 10 perhaps , you may be underestimating france . 
  supposedly , peter the great did base that flag on the dutch one . 
  you 're not as far off as you pretend to be !, 
  although you could say it took them 75 years since the franco-prussian war to get a durable peace . 
  oh , i know , i was just trying to be nice about my girlfriend . 
  when i say that we prefer the comfort of trains , i mean that she gets car sick easily , especially in buses . 
  yeah , we found that out . 
  we just tend to prefer the extra comfort of trains ( or boats ) to buses , so we went for helsinki . 
  you 'll probably still be getting our tourism in the future though , maybe when this connection is available . 
  good train connections make me a happy tourist . 
  good !, 
  when my girlfriend and i went to tallinn a few years ago , we looked into the possibility to take a train to riga and possibly lithuania . 
  the railway connections were so impractical that we took the ferry to helsinki instead . 
  i welcome this welcomingly . 
  no idea . 
  we did get some religious education , but that threw all of christianity together and there was just as much attention for judaism , islam , buddhism and hinduism . 
  i remember the question how many kids in my class attended church . 
  one . 
  one kid attended church , out of thirty or so , at a catholic school . 
  makes you proud to be dutch . 
  not exactly . 
  many secular people send their children to christian/catholic schools nowadays , because those tend to be ( slightly ) better than the public ones . 
  i went to a catholic highschool . 
  i only noticed it was catholic at graduation , which was in a church ( without a priest present , just the building ) . 
  oh yeah , there was a cross in our school 's emblem too . 
  and we got a tour of some church in rome from a former student who had become a monk there . 
  other than that , there was no way to know that it was n't a public school . 
  also , there are some private schools , but dutch public education is at such a high level that the quality offered by those schools is not worth the extra cost . 
  i am . 
  it 's sad for the greek people , but either option is bad anyway . 
  a no vote would at least end up as an interesting case study . 
  so , what would us dutchies normally use in place of it then ? 
  milk ? 
  mascarpone ? 
  edit : i just asked my girlfriend and she very enthusiastically ( does n't she know what the time is ? ), 
  said she has used it to make her own bailey 's . 
  no , never heard of it . 
  no idea if shops even sell it here . 
  cool , thanks . 
  so who are the players to watch for the future ? 
  i hope this generation stays good . 
  i could of course look this up myself , but who else did they beat to get there ? 
  it 's a combination of easier access to social services , the presence of family and the language . 
  yeah , i know , just trying to wind you up , do n't mind me . 
  although i have met people that claimed they 're different languages . 
  ( serbian and croatian are one language ! ), 
  it can very easily be argued that turkey is the successor state to the roman empire though . 
  greece is actually bluffing the rest of europe . 
  they deny the feasibility of major reforms , requested by europe in exchange for further aid , gambling on the thought that europe does n't want to lose any countries . 
  not with the current geopolitical situation . 
  so far , brussels has n't called that bluff , so it seems to be working . 
  i 'm not looting , i 'm surviving !, 
  the story goes that jim henson was so impressed with the work that he personally ok ` ed it . 
  not sure about that though , but the voice actors are really good . 
  one is an artist , the other a comedian and both have done lots of other work , from tv-presenting to playwriting . 
  they are also not allowed to record their bert and ernie skits together anymore . 
  they were goofing around so much that it would take too long . 
  no sarcasm tag either . 
  well done , my favourite southern neighbour !, 
  the dutch voice actors for sesame street 's bert & ernie are supposedly the only ones in the world allowed to write their own material and not just use translated american work . 
  i would like to say that it 's actually decently done ... also , as a result , some people here use `` a je to '' to say `` a job well done '' . 
  but i 'll go and hide in a corner . 
  shame on us !, 
  shame !, 
  did you just claim hitler ? 
  you lot really * are * self-hating . 
  also , did you know that the dutch version of [ pat a mat ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pat_%26_mat ) is the only one where they speak ? 
  yay useless information !, 
  republicans do n't want to restore the old dutch republic , they want to get rid of the monarchy . 
  as more and more eu members implement it though , there will be pressure to acknowledge the foreign same sex marriages at least , which greece does n't do at the moment ( i do n't know about other countries without gay marriage ) . 
  that will be a first step which will make the greeks legalizing it more likely . 
  how does one sneak a chainsaw into a meeting with the eu president ? 
  asking for a friend of course . 
  apparently many dutch people get a lot of exercise without realising it . 
  cycling is not just just a useful mode of transportation . 
  you may better known them as lapps , although iirc , that 's not a correct name for them . 
  i voted for the agreement yesterday . 
  the past has shown that associating with the eu will most likely lower corruption .
