  i wo n't take that away from the ukrainians . 
  also , i did n't want to support the polemic idiots that initiated the referendum . 
  however , there are parts of the agreement that i do n't trust . 
  i ca n't prove my lack of trust to be correct , so i did n't let it guide my vote . 
  however , despite the many good parts of this agreement , i ca n't escape the notion that it 's not meant to be good for the people of either the eu or ukraine , but for the european corporations . 
  a ttip light , if you will . 
  what 's good for the corporations is n't necessarily bad for the people though , i get that . 
  but still ... maybe i 'm just growing my tinfoil hat . 
   nations very quickly coalesced around the `` barbarian '' powers which relatively quickly surpassed where they were under rome economically . 
  i 'd like to latch onto this with an example . 
  at the dutch national museum of antiquities two years ago there was an exhibit about the merovingian period ( \u00b1 400-700 ce ) in the netherlands . 
  they showed ( fairly recent ) archaeological evidence that the people were healthier , wealthier and more peaceful than in the previous roman and subsequent carolingian times . 
  useless fact # 74 : the '' \u0132 '' counts as a single letter in dutch , meaning that in ( place ) names starting with that letter , we capitalise both the i and j , thus : \u0132sselmeer . 
  it could actually be literal . 
  the university in my home town allows graduates to write their names on the walls of the room where they sign their diploma 's . 
  could be something like that . 
  i will second the kr\u00f6ller-m\u00fcller museum , if anyone thinks warmfoothills is exaggerating . 
  beautiful collection in a beautiful location . 
  my favorite museum in the world as well ( granted , i have n't seen all of them yet ) . 
  you are , be sure to put it on your cv . 
  about dinsdag , one theory is that it is not not necessarily named after the god thingsus , but after part of his portfolio : popular assemblies . 
  i believe in several scandinavian countries the parliament is still called * thing * , or something close to that . 
  in any case , the theory is that tuesday was the day to commonly hold court and pass sentence . 
  interviewer : `` why did you send the police to this man ? '', 
  mayor : `` er ... '', 
  ha , rutger castricum being described as excellent , i did n't think i 'd live to see the day . 
  most of his interviews are just him bullying whomever he 's interviewing , no matter the subject . 
  i 'm still glad he exists , though , specifically for cases such as these . 
  not having their ( quite often legitimite ) concerns taken seriously causes many people to `` flee '' to the extreme right . 
  if you want people to stop voting fn and comparable parties , the solution wo n't be to tell the people `` you 're wrong , you 're just scared and hysterical , vote for us '' , but to say `` you 're right , and this is * our * better solution for the problems of today '' . 
  i for one , and please forgive the anecdotal nature of this comment , know plenty of highly educated , generally left-wing people that are also worried about the rise of conservative islam in liberal europe and the influx of middle-eastern migrants ( refugees or otherwise ) . 
  acknowledging these problems , or , if you prefer , difficulties or challenges , does not make one misinformed , hysterical or at risk of becoming a nazi . 
  even mars bars ? 
  tripletted ? 
  it justifies your opinion if you want it to . 
  what it does show is that refugees * do * complain , even though they are safe . 
  [ this nrc article also has a response from the coa . 
  ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/next/2015/10/14/de-opvang-is-no-good-hier-in-heumensoord-1547812 ), 
  [ newspaper article from a quality newspaper , in dutch . 
  i do n't think you want to mention yugoslavia as an example of why the dutch should send soldiers abroad . 
  srebrenica has n't been forgotten here . 
  aww , we like you too !, 
  you 're not walloon , are you ? 
   in seriousness , this brexit joke is going too far now . 
  you started the joke here , i just went with it  but i hope you 're right . 
  for now , the market is still only anticipating the brexit and i think we 'll be seeing a lot of volatility due to uncertainty until well after the brexit is done . 
  it 's bound to go up a few times as well in the next couple of years . 
  might indeed be worth it to try and cash in on that , if you have some money to spare . 
  it 's going to be hard to predict when exactly , though . 
  and what would you then do with that 1000 pounds ? 
  you ca n't even buy a jar of marmite for that money !, 
   given that younger people are generally less likely to hold views along pvv lines sadly , this is n't true . 
  ireland and finland would be the best examples . 
  both were in fact colonies themselves , yet are nowadays among the most succesful western nations . 
  my point is , you are making sweeping statements , when there are obviously many more reasons for the success of the western world and the difficulties in other parts . 
  not to mention , you are ignoring turkey 's own colonial history . 
  furthermore , there are asian and american former colonies which are doing much better , showing that being colonised is * not * the only explanation for a country to not do well . 
  even many ~ ~ sub-saharan ~ ~ ( * edit * : some of super-saharan ( is that a word ? ), 
  africa doing well too ) african countries are looking to become more succesful than many middle eastern ones in the not too distant future , despite coming from much further behind . 
  what about those western countries that had no colonial empires , but are still doing better than for instance turkey , which did have one ? 
  i do n't know man , i do n't trust anyone who only wears pants whenever he goes swimming . 
  no fair , you 're german . 
  you guys have rules for breakfast , guidelines for lunch and criteria for dinner . 
  it 's like having picasso enter a paint by numbers contest . 
  quite selfish . 
  yugoslavia , sudan , ukraine , syria , the uk and now jebusgobson and his wife . 
  when will romania learn ? 
  what could be more european than complaining about the eurovision song contest ? 
  [ this complete and accurate map of the entire world clearly shows there is no country called new zealand . 
  ] ( http://digitalresult.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/world-map-desktop-wallpapers-52.jpeg ), 
  tried to rape athena . 
  she fought him off though . 
  i had to translate that when i was in school and the story confused the hell out of me ( `` scrap of wool '' ? 
  am i translating this correctly ? 
  he does not have to understand how that idiot feels . 
  hundreds of thousands have died in iraq/syria , so why are you crying over ukraine ? 
  see how shitty an argument that is ? 
  that photo is from the state of west bengal , which , [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_bengal#government_and_politics ) has a strong communist presence :  the main players in the regional politics are the all india trinamool congress , the indian national congress , and the ** left front alliance ( led by the communist party of india ( marxist ) or cpi ( m ) ) . 
  ** following the west bengal state assembly election in 2011 , the all india trinamool congress and indian national congress coalition under mamata banerjee of the all india trinamool congress was elected to power ( getting 225 seats in the legislature ) . 
  ** prior to this , west bengal was ruled by the left front for 34 years ( 1977 -- 2011 ) , making it the world 's longest-running democratically elected communist government . 
  he was probably always described as a human , sure , but not depicted as such . 
  from wikipedia :  [ before this innovation , buddhist art was `` aniconic '' : the buddha was only represented through his symbols ( an empty throne , the bodhi tree , buddha footprints , the dharmachakra ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-buddhism#artistic_influences ), 
  just imagine the kind of archaeology that could be done in somalia , if that place were to ever become stable enough . 
  and beyond bactria . 
  iirc anthropomorphic depictions of buddha were likely introduced by the greeks and have spread all over the buddhist world , so any depiction of buddha you see , including the little statue your girlfriend put in the window , would be part of that legacy . 
  yes it is . 
  they worked together quite a bit as two of the so called `` constructive 3 '' ( the third one being sgp ) , the three opposition parties that actively cooperated with the now demissionary cabinet to provide more stability or achieve some of their own goals or whatever . 
  they can try again in 4 years ( or fewer ) . 
  aboutaleb will undoubtedly have a large role in the identity debate in the coming years . 
  if he does well , it will only increase his chances . 
  the last few elections may have decimated the pvda for now , but they also showed once and for all that it is completely possible to bounce back from such a huge loss , with cda 's , d66 's and groenlinks ' results . 
  our system is not comparable to the uk . 
  any difference with the exit polls will be 1 or 2 seats , nothing that can change that the vvd became much larger than the pvv, 
  i thought it was a pre-war thing for sure . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  yeah , they 're a kind of progressive conservatives , or tolerant fundamentalists or something like that . 
  a pretty unique party . 
  a different prime minister than rutte would be breaking with a very long tradition in dutch politics . 
  parties might have been willing to do that to prevent wilders becoming pm , but they wo n't do it for rutte .
