  and are you seriously asking why we have laws that prevent politicians to have absolute power ? 
  that is one very weak argument against democracy . 
  i suppose you want a society without laws and rules ? 
  this is utter bullshit . 
  things have changed because of voting . 
  you just fail to see the examples and therefore think you are better of being indifferent . 
  i 'll give you one example from my country on why voting matters : in 2002 a rightwing politcian named pim fortuyn came out of nowhere and was about to win the elections . 
  he represented a underclass of people who , since a long time , had their opinions voiced by him . 
  wether you agreed with his ideas or not , this was change from within , change by voting . 
  democracy at it 's finest . 
  he was killed a few days before the election by an activist who hated his opinions and the amount of support he got . 
  this was change from outside , the revolution you are proposing . 
  democracy depends on people trusting the voting system . 
  your little rant would only be true if people believe it to be true . 
  it 's a self-fullfilling prophecy . 
  politicians do n't listen to me -  so my opinion is insignificant -  why bother voting . 
  what you actually are describing is a lack of choice , which i agree is the absolute death of democracy . 
  a functional democracy should allow as many parties as possible to be able to represent smaller and bigger groups within society . 
  not voting is n't a sin , but believing voting is meaningless is just plain stupid and lazy . 
  brussel was never the capital of the netherlands . 
  maybe people are upvoting you because they understood that you were mocking the article ? 
  oh no , you did n't just say our beers are bad !, 
   seriously though , most supermarket beers are just low quality party beer . 
  i recon germany has a lot of those too . 
  our festival beer is piss , but most of our ` kroegen ' have an excellent selection of international and domestic beers . 
  try hertog jan if you want a decent common beer , or la trappe if you want something special . 
  the plastic cups are bio-degradable . 
  sometimes there is refund on those cups . 
  if you collect 6 of them , you get a free beer . 
  you often see young kids collecting these during festivals . 
  the small 20 cl glasses for beer are called a ` fluitje ' , the 25 cl ones are called a ` vaasje ' . 
  we drink from smaller glasses because we really hate it when our beer goes flat . 
  a good beer needs two finger of foam , and a small glas keeps the foam nice . 
  i personally prefer the sturdyness of belgian beerglasses . 
  the glass from [ kasteel bier ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/kasteelbierdonker.jpg ) is my favorite . 
  one thing that comes to mind is that dutch people are incredibly straightforward in conversations . 
  we lack tact and are quite blunt ( no pun intended ) . 
  it 's difficult to give specific examples , because they would likely involve dutch celebrities that people here never heard of . 
  the best example is probably when you compare our talkshows with those in belgium or germany . 
  we are much more direct about sex , race , political views , someone 's appearance , or background . 
  and we expect people to be open about these things . 
  this often results in casual racism , homophobia and sexist remarks , which is much less tolerated on belgian or german television . 
  according to the article , in the survey many people said yes to the question if they want a ` strong leader with direct control ' . 
  this does n't automatically mean that that leader would n't make his or her decisions democratically . 
  the urge for strong leadership implies a lack of leadership right now . 
  something i believe is n't unreasonable to demand in a democracy . 
  also : the title of your post does n't do the article or the research paper any justice . 
  nowhere do they mention anything about fascism or autocracy . 
  yeah , i agree it 's not a good example . 
  i 'm not against open borders , but i do n't think the borders are what defines a country . 
  on a map maybe , but within most countries there are so many cultural differences . 
  i think we have a better chance at achieving this ` next level ' earth if we can accept that we are culturally diverse , have different morals , but are equal as human beings . 
  and that we have to work together despite all that . 
  well , for a more practical answer : patriotism is the glue of any nation . 
  the is even more important for larger countries and countries that are culturally diverse . 
  i think that for anything good that any country has ever achieved as a nation ( for example : the contruction of the pyramids , the defeat of nazi-germany , the moonlanding ) you can say that patriotism is the basis for the succes . 
  but , the same goes for all the bad that countries have achieved as a nation ( for example : the crusades , the rise of nazi-germany , apartheid ) . 
  you 're right , my bad . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  borders are often bound to culture . 
  and i believe sports would be boring without countries . 
  imagine the olympic games where everyone just comes from earth . 
  ... wait , that would be awesome . 
  nevermind . 
  so how can you be patriotic when you imagine there are no countries ? 
  in dutch we call it ` vaderlandsliefde ' . 
  patria is latin for fatherland , so i guess you are right . 
  i have a friend who is disgusted by any form of nationalism , he says ` how can you be proud of something you did n't actively take part in ? ' . 
  which i agree with logically , but disagree with emotionally . 
  you could say the same thing to parents who are proud of their child . 
  the only difference is that nationalistic pride comes culturally and parental pride comes genetically . 
  to be honest , i like the feeling of pride i get whenever i read about my country 's history . 
  i consider myself a result of that history . 
  i realize that 's a miguided view , but it 's also comforting . 
  this feeling of pride i get is purely an emotional state that makes me happy to be part of . 
  if i was born in sweden or italy i would have been proud of something else , but the experience would be the same . 
  with the good comes the bad though . 
  i also feel connected to the horrible things my country did in the past . 
  i believe the feeling , wether good or bad , can be inspirational . 
  that is why i feel nationalism ( or patriotism ) is something that should n't be considered to be inherently bad . 
  i completely agree that it can be dangerous when you combine nationalism with populism , or when you claim that anyone who does n't share your culture is backward or evil . 
  but in moderation nationalism can be inspirational and comforting . 
  i never liked that song . 
  it seems so naive . 
  what does lennon propose here ? 
  abolish all culture and sports ? 
  nationalism can be a good thing when you simply do n't believe that your country is fundamentally better than other countries . 
  unfortunately , not many people in the netherlands seem to realize this . 
  none whatsoever . 
  they are living artifacts that have no actual political power , and are even restricted in publically sharing their opinion on political matters . 
  they are incredibly rich though , and spend most of their time cutting ribbons and hosting festivals . 
  i 'm neither a monarchist or a republican , because i think the debate is rather pointless . 
  it 's like confusing science and religion . 
  another great moment in our naval history , battle in the bay of matanzas . 
  also known as the capture of the spanish silver fleet by piet hein :  sixteen spanish ships were intercepted : one galleon was taken after a surprise encounter during the night , nine smaller merchants were talked into surrendering ; two small ships were overtaken at sea , and four fleeing galleons were trapped on the cuban coast in the bay of matanzas . 
  after some musket volleys from dutch sloops , these ships surrendered also . 
   altogether , hein captured 11,509,524 guilders of booty in gold , silver and expensive trade goods , such as indigo and cochineal , without any bloodshed . 
  the dutch did n't keep their prisoners : they gave the spanish crews ample supplies for a march to havana . 
  the released men were surprised to hear the admiral personally giving them directions in fluent spanish ; hein after all was well acquainted with the language as he had been a spanish prisoner after 1603 . 
  the taking of the treasure was the dutch west india company 's greatest victory in the caribbean .
