whoops stupid me !, 
  yeah , i thought you meant because of immigration and racist football hooliganism or something . 
  are they expecting full regeneration of the spinal cord ? 
  how come it 's only working on the left side ? 
  i do n't think you guys are the bad guys of europe - having been to warsaw and studied the history of poland i think you guys are awesome . 
  i think people get annoyed because lots of you come to the uk and work - but to be honest , i 'd have two of you for the lazy chavs we have over here . 
  i think poland would be much richer if it had n't been for the nazis and then the ussr . 
  it 's like you guys got taen out of the game for too long !, 
  welcome back !, 
  of all the words that needed shortening . 
  a two letter word ? 
  that seems crazy . 
  yeah , or even currywurst , weissbier and the autobahn . 
  i just find it staggering how people absolutely think they are contributing something by bringing it up . 
  it 's classic dunning-kruger behaviour - confusing the tiny thing you think you know about a subject with the entirety of the subject . 
  `` angela merkel took an especially soft approach in dealing with the debt crisis in europe and showed herself to be a tough leader , yet smart enough not to show fear by acting too strongly . '', 
  ! 111 lol ! '', 
  anyway bro , hugs from your english brothers !, 
  it 's staggering that people ca n't endure a conservation about two countries without showing their ignorance . 
  how do you best show your ignorance ? 
  not by keeping your mouth shut , but by trying to force the only thing you know about a country into the conversation . 
  do n't worry !, 
   well what 's nato gon na do ? 
  invade russia over a supposed connection to alleged terrorist attacks ? 
  nato has been finding ways to fuck with russia for the last sixty years that fall short of violence . 
  it 's what they do . 
  russia thinks the west is weak and complacent and feel powerful with their gas so they are chancing what they can . 
  they probably wo n't notice the response except for gradually losing money . 
  i think they are all political - it seems both propaganda machines are trying their best to attack the other via social media . 
  who the fuck has time to go through hours of footage and document this stuff ? 
  well originally you were implying russian propaganda is worse because it 's more egregious . 
  i do n't know if that makes it worse it not - because it just means that the west has a tighter choke hold on lies . 
  he was trying to explain it simply . 
  mission accomplished . 
  you can get it cheaper than that . 
  i do n't think that really applies to the thread you were replying to . 
  at the end of the day , there are information and propaganda wars happening , and we in the west have a tendency to think it 's not happening to us because we arrogantly believe we know what propaganda looks like . 
  it 's top gun , it 's wmds , it 's never hearing what gaddafi was really like etc. 
  it 's always easier to see other propaganda as worse than your own . 
  but your argument comes down to `` western propaganda is slick , and well produced '' there are tons of examples of western media lies , but you just do n't see them . . because it 's slick and well produced . 
  who makes stuff like this ? 
  what prompted you to do it . 
  it seems like more information war stuff . 
  thing is , there are always extremist views , no matter how much you redraw the borders , some views will be in the extreme . 
  anyway , surely the best thing is the allow the nutters to have websites so they can bitch about how horrible it is over here in this well organised , peaceful unislamic hellhole with free healthcare and social security - that way the security services can keep an eye on them . 
  well , we wo n't even get the joke to start with . 
  so explaining it would be better than nothing , plus we can learn about the danish sense of humour . 
  no , that 's not the only reason . 
  it was n't simply `` bad '' intelligence , it was a deliberate lie to further the cause of american lead imperialism . 
  we ca n't just ignore that . 
  however , looking at everything that happened in libya we are right to question whether it 's worth bombing a country when we are n't sure what happened . 
  what if it turned out that it was the rebels ? 
  so you 're urging for people to take action ? 
  the reason why we are n't taking action is because we disagree what the action needs to be or who it needs to be aimed at . 
  why is that so hard for you to grasp ? 
  instead of not making any decision lets just make a decision even if it 's the wrong one . 
  that is basically what you 're saying . 
  was it lizard me who l lied about wmd in iraq ? 
  was it lizard men who [ faked a successful rebel victory in libya 's green square in order to garner support for rebels ? 
  ] ( http://www.infowars.com/did-nato-stage-the-green-square-celebration/ ) there 's a war of information happening , and calling anyone names who examines things more closely shows you for the drone you are . 
  a drone so full of himself he ca n't even see what a drone he is . 
  there 's no news that is n't biased really - so the only option is to read everything , rather than just stick with your favorite brand . 
  can you not downvote people for disagreeing with you please ? 
   not sure if you 've heard , there 's a civil war on . 
  there 's been loads of civil wars recently , non of them used chemical weapons . 
  so civil war ! = chemical weapons . 
  think again . 
   one with popular support in certain neighborhoods meaning that even if the rebellion is put down , the regime will face an insurgency . 
  would you rather face a neighborhood of people sympathetic to the rebels , or the inevitable retaliation by nato forces when chemical weapons are used ? 
  would assad have any need to launch chemical weapons ? 
  no would launching chemical weapons achieve anything other than bringing foreign powers in ? 
  no did a chemical attack take place while un inspectors were in syria ? 
  yes did foreign powers know exactly the type of weapons assad had ? 
  yes is it funny that obama specifically made up a `` red line '' where chemical weapons would be the only factor making the us intervene ? 
  yes sometimes if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck , someone is trying to make it look like there is a duck . 
  completely dismissive and one-dimensional thinking . 
  exactly how an imperialist government wants you to be . 
  fair point - it 's all rather interbred though - is it our design and specs inside a french owned company , is it being built there or here ? 
  based on an israeli aircraft design . 
  anyway , someone is selling something to someone !, 
  i suspect the uk will be falling over itself to sell the [ watchkeeper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/watchkeeper_wk450 ) uav drone that is solely designed for surveillance and intelligence gathering . 
  fair play to whoever edited it for consistently ruining every shot . 
  it 's called a `` booze cruise '' . 
  we in the uk do or did it by going to france . 
  it might not just be sea shores , but lake beaches as well . 
  the germans like their outdoorsmanship so i imagine they have very clean lakes and whatnot . 
  it 's all fun and games until they start stopping legitimate ambulances in an emergency . 
  many languages are spoken by multiple countries , and many countries have multiple official languages . 
  england has no official language , but english is obviously the default language of the eu . 
  also , many countries are huge contributors to the eu . 
  malta has a negative net contribution to the eu . 
  is that the total bill ? 
  what is the extra cash just to provide translators for the maltese ? 
  it 's cool . 
  even though you do n't need one , you may as well insist we spend ludicrous amounts of money on translators just to prove a point . 
  just to do the maltese stuff now , since they were n't happy with english . 
  they now have to do extra work on top of what they already do , which will mean additional cost . 
  another perspective is : the eu now has to spend hundreds of thousands of euros a year translating documents and hiring translators . 
  would n't this be better if there was another inner circle showing gdp or income ? 
  you have a local custom , but most of your customers are on holiday ...
