  well you 've answered your own question there have n't you ? 
  i 'd say that was a problem with your job . 
  backpackers are clearly on a budget , so you 're not onto a winner already expecting anything from them . 
  but in all honesty , if you find it difficult or hard to do it just refuse . 
  if if it 's not difficult to it 's part of your job . 
  where is it then ? 
  as i do n't imagine wages and petrol costs are considerably cheaper elsewhere . 
  what do you mean ` make you go out of your way for them ' ? 
  what would you otherwise be doing for them ? 
  is your town in the past ? 
  # 3.50 is minimum fair in bristol !, 
  and you enjoy your freedoms because of drone strikes and foreign oil wars . 
  let 's see you make one personal sacrifice because of it you fucking hypocrite . 
  admirable . 
  any country that opens its citizens up to higher education helps all of humanity take a step forward . 
  they are building more universities . 
  i 'm very much not posh - it 's not popular in the uk . 
  you 're betraying the queen with this talk . 
  i do n't know anyone who would put ketchup on a food that already had a tomato base . 
  i 've heard talk , forbidden talk to but always be thought they were rumours . 
  yes it is . 
  maybe some sauce to dip the crusts into . 
  but onto the pizza ? 
  forbidden . 
  nothing to do with you , or being americans . 
  u/vilefrog mentioned greece being `` still '' part of europe , therefore indicating that they thought there was a way for greece to no longer be part of europe . 
  the two assumptions would be that : a. 
  they think greece might physically be removed from europe . 
  or b. greece would be politically removed from europe after a grexit . 
  in any case , it has nothing to do with anyone being american ? 
  who knows what nationality anyone is ? 
  piss off . 
  i 've never heard it used in that way . 
  i 've always taken it to mean `` well , something has changed , but we need to just get on with it '', 
  you noticed my calling him british - british when they are good , scottish when they are bad . 
  - every englishman but yeah , they were really on the case . 
  bristol played it 's part too , mind !, 
  this is why we have such a problem with polish immigrants - you do n't even know the name of the country you are emigrating to , 
  looks like our women are letting us down . 
  i live with two fatties - it 's not nice . 
  like i said , he was the next step . 
  based in bristol like macadam was - he only got the idea from spilling tar on macadam . 
  hence tar mac . 
  so like i said , this belgian guy was just evolving this idea , which evolved macadam . 
  the list is pretty poor . 
  but it 's designed for yanks , so maybe ape-haunting is important to them ? 
  `` i ai n't afraid of no ape ! '', 
  we all need to draw the line somewhere . 
  totally awful list - top 4 facts about england : * our size * our max ever recorded temperature * how much tea we drink * one of our haunted houses is haunted by an ape, 
  great britain is the island . 
  the united kingdom is the country . 
  i was a little doubtful about this as i thought it was invented by [ john macadam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macadam#pierre-marie-j.c3.a9r.c3.b4me_tr.c3.a9saguet ) who lived in a house just around the corner from where i work - in fact , i just discovered that the first ever macadamised road is a road a ride along almost every day just down the road from my house . 
  but yeah , tar mixed with macadam roads ( tarmac ) were the next evolutionary step , and then a slightly different process called asphalt was introduced - still an evolution . 
  so whoever this belgian fellow was , he was just adapting british designs and philosophy !, 
  god save the queen !, 
  all armies do this , it 's just something that happens at early stages of training . 
  it 's not a reflection of the actual training of any army . 
  it 's just an anecdote that gets passed around new recruits . 
  the same urban legend is told about every army . 
  but at actual levels where it counts is untrue . 
   i think all fairly well know here about the lack of objectivity and credibility of russian state-funded `` rt '' network , no , we do n't all know that . 
  some of it is good reporting , and some of it goes against the western narrative . 
  i just get so sick of people thinking that their own news networks are n't corrupt as well . 
  they fucking are . 
  it most definitely is . 
  you ca n't move in the uk for gastro pubs and posh cooking these days . 
  as a brit , i move that germany be labelled `` bad food '' as it 's worse than the uk . 
  it was interesting actually , someone from that group posted a newspaper story about the dead syrian man on facebook , saying `` help , get the story out ! '', 
  i clicked almost immediately and read the story and was confused as it had been edited saying `` there 's no evidence at all , and the person who said it has barricaded themselves in their apartment '' i pointed this out to the poster and they were surprised , saying that they knew both the syrian guy and the aid worker who told the story . 
  bit of a fucking shambles . 
  i wish you you had a some this before the brexit !, 
  i 've shown you a source explaining how bad the situation was at the parthenon . 
  you 're just being tedious now . 
  well , that out and out contradicts the facts though . 
  and besides , it was an ottoman government at the time , not greek . 
  why are you even still banging on about this ? 
  and the word `` elginism '' was pretty much the most transparent attempt to discredit him i 've heard of . 
  i 'll refine my point . 
  that every single thing we did was evil . 
  obviously we did evil shit , but that does n't give everyone an excuse not to actually think something through . 
  see my other comment about what was happening there . 
  the place as was a munitions store and people were burning down statues for lyme and using them for target practice , not to mention having a military base on the acropolis . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about , you just want to jump on the colonial britain was evil circlejerk . 
  piss off . 
  maybe now they did . 
  but for a very long time greece was unable to look after them , and they would have been lost forever had we not had them . 
   so here are a few ideas for the greeks : first , why not erect a statue of lord elgin near the parthenon to express their nation 's gratitude to him for saving the marbles ? 
  after the ottoman conquest of athens in 1458 , the turks used the parthenon as a mosque and then as a powder magazine . 
  in 1687 , when the building took a direct hit from a venetian cannon , most of its interior walls were destroyed , bringing much of the frieze down with them . 
  by the time lord elgin became ambassador to istanbul in 1798 , the parthenon was a ruin . 
  turkish soldiers used the marbles for target practice , and the locals burned statues to make lime for the mortar to build their houses . 
  his purchase of the marbles was motivated by the real risk to their survival . 
  and what would the status of so many objects be if we had n't looked after them ? 
  our museums and science resources have pushed the modern world to where it is . 
  ask me when we started and what drugs we were on ... 
  same in the ghetto ( fuck da police ), 
  yeah , housing in berlin would be a huge issue . 
  it already is , but trying to suck thousands more people in ... dunno where they are going to go !, 
  brit living in berlin - berlin is just out and out the most awesome city i 've ever been to , hence moving here . 
  karaoke until five am ?
