[ suicidal mass killers and suicide bombers are actually quite similar . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/18/opinion/what-drives-suicidal-mass-killers.html ), 
  psychopathy is not insanity . 
  he just wanted to kill some motherfuckers . 
  making a `` statement '' was merely a bonus . 
  median is probably lower . 
  it 's likely that a small number of rich people push the average that high . 
  [ edit : i 'm wrong , just checked the facts . 
  russia will have to intervene with several divisions to protect this oppressed russian minority . 
  have a nice day . 
  great , let 's hope it 's about nuclear energy and renewables . 
  climate change and all that . 
   `` once the us decides to export its shale gas , the situation on the global energy market , especially in europe , will change dramatically . 
  this will not only increase security but also promote lower prices , '' tusk said . 
   he also reiterated poland 's resolve to continue mining coal , a key pillar of its energy strategy . 
  fuck that shit . 
  it 's not an mbt though . 
  german aces tend to have so much more kills than allied ones primarily because most allied pilots were often given training and instructor positions after 5-10 air victories . 
  german pilots were often flying until they died . 
  it 's funny how these reporters are only now waking up to the fact that they 're propaganda tools for kremlin . 
  what world were you people living in ? 
  look , my fucking point stands regardless of my position on this . 
  but , if you want to know , i do n't have a strong opinion either way . 
  if tomorrow the usa wanted to set up a base in poland , my first question would be : what 's in it for us ? 
  because i ca n't think of any benefit of having a us detachment here . 
  it 's not that i would hate for them to be here . 
  it 's just that i ca n't think of a good reason to have them here . 
  please , read the comment i responded to . 
  i 'm responding to a very specific claim without making my own . 
   it 's not crazy at all . 
  do you think the 50k us troops in korea would make a dent in the millions of north korean troops ? 
  that was the most militarily advanced country at the time against a numerically superior but very poorly trained and equipped force . 
  russia is a developed country with a well equipped and trained army . 
  not even remotely comparable . 
  the comment i responded to does n't just talk about poland being invaded but the whole of europe . 
  i do n't think even the biggest jingoist could say that a few thousand ** scattered ** american troops could put a dent in or slow down the rolling russian army but the entire german and french armies could n't . 
  european nato states would handle it , albeit with great difficulty . 
  by the time the usa could respond meaningfully , it would be over , one way or another . 
   it 's because attacking those troops is attacking the usa and inviting war . 
  attacking nato member states also elicits a response . 
  it 's not like germany , poland , france etc. 
  do n't have their fucking armies . 
   then why are n't they there already . 
  i do n't know , maybe because they 're not idiots and do n't want to attack an alliance with a combined gdp and military spending far exceeding their own . 
  a few thousand us troops scattered in some bases across the continent do n't even factor into the calculation . 
   forgive me for misinterpreting , but it seems you think moscow might be keen . 
  i do n't assume either way . 
  i 'm conceding this point to show that even if russia wants to roll over europe , they have a snowball 's chance in hell of succeeding . 
  if they use nukes , nobody wins . 
   and i assume moscow would bet on itself vs poland . 
  moscow vs nato however , very different ball game . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 're already a part of nato . 
   but your politicians would not allow it . 
  why ? 
  because they know that without us troops permanently stationed , russians eventually will march westward after all . 
  you are crazy if you think the only thing stopping the russians is a few thousand us troops stationed here and there in europe . 
  friedman 's monetary theory heavily influenced the federal reserve 's response to the crisis . 
  but i would not characterize the federal reserve 's response to the crisis as `` neoliberal '' . 
  europe is a great example of what the neoliberal response is : * the state should remove itself from the economy when common folks are suffering and large financial institutions are gambling with the economy * when a crisis hits , those responsible must be given a handout at taxpayers ' expense , no strings attached * since the bailout increased the public debt enormously , point at it and start screaming at the top of your lungs that the crisis was caused by a bloated and inefficient public sector which must therefore be curtailed * the burden of the crisis is therefore shifted onto taxpayers ' shoulders through cuts to social/public spending ( austerity ) and a squeeze on median wages, 
  friedman objected to being called a neoliberal . 
  i 'm not here to guess what they would 've done but not bailing out the financial sector ( letting most banks collapse in a domino effect ) is asking for a great depression or even worse . 
  it 's not the bailout itself that 's the problem , it 's the way it was instituted . 
  is it too much to ask to keep the financial sector on a tight leash ? 
  or at least `` clean it up '' after a crisis it has caused ( by , say , temporarily nationalizing it , as sweden did in 1992 ) ? 
  does that make one anti-capitalist ? 
  the answer is simple : look at any dominant party in most european countries : that 's neoliberalism . 
  it is the dominant paradigm of european politics . 
  even the social democrats are neoliberalism-lite . 
  they all buy into the neoclassical dogma and they were all asleep at the wheel during the 2008 crisis and the ensuing recession . 
  they all are in bed with the financial sector and are responsible for allowing its excesses that have resulted in the crash of 2008 and the ensuing eurozone crisis . 
  they 've bailed out the banks with taxpayer money without reining in on their excesses ; without any punishment , not even the slap on the wrist that wall street got in the form of tarp . 
  / r/europe reflects those political views , to a large extent . 
  ergo , it is neoliberal . 
  i am a leftist and , broadly speaking , i am anti-eu but have neither the time nor the inclination to delve into that . 
  so ukip is now a barometer of neoliberalism everywhere ? 
  does that mean that one has to be anti-eu to qualify as a neoliberal ? 
  they 're not neoliberals by any reasonable definition of the word . 
  within europe , not necessarily to the outside . 
  a typical neoliberal idiot in / r/europe is more or less ok with migration within europe but not so much with the immigration of muds and darkies from outside of it . 
  we do n't need the immigrants ' help to tear ourselves apart . 
  if / r/europe , this right-wing neoliberal shithole , is anything to go by , europe can easily tear itself apart without any external help . 
  it 's completely expected and predictable to see a massive shift to the right and blaming of ` others ' ( immigrants , jews , blacks , commies , gays etc. ), 
  in times of crises ( even self-inflicted ones , which the current one is ) . 
  it 's like fucking clockwork . 
  he 's a funny kind of crackpot . 
  [ just yesterday he accused me of being a stalinist and a useful idiot , and of arousing `` violent emotions '' through my creative use of language ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3fmbb7/varoufakis_sch%c3%a4uble_will_bring_troika_to_paris/ctqjsjt ) ( i referred to the liquidity squeeze and the current deal for greece as `` economic carpet-bombing '' ; a phrase which was meant to be creative and actually humorous ) . 
  that is some good old , paranoid crackpottery right there . 
  you got me : i 'm a stalinist . 
  by `` not providing the necessary collaterals '' you mean not completely capitulating to all of troika 's demands without any compromise , without even the tiniest of concessions from the creditors . 
  to me , that is kind of like blaming the victim of a mugger because she was given a clear choice to either give him her wallet or get stabbed with a knife . 
  since she refused to give him the wallet , she has only herself to blame for getting stabbed . 
  who did it then ? 
  it only seems edgy because it 's striking an extremely soft and weak target !, 
   you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion . 
  how ? 
  i explained what i mean by `` economic carpet-bombing '' : a negative-sum behavior that benefits neither greece nor creditors and is only meant to force a grexit . 
  i did n't imagine anyone would be so absurdly sensitive on this topic that a `` wrong '' phrase like this could hurt your precious little feelings . 
  i 'm sorry if i made you cry . 
  but it did happen . 
  the troika imposed a liquidity squeeze and then , after the `` no '' vote , a terrible deal was reached that benefits no-one .
