   greeks deserve it to have this really blown up pension system responsible for 20 % + of their budget . 
  even in 2010 , their pensions accounted for ~ 12 % of their gdp , a similar percentage to germany . 
  why stop there ? 
  if you 're making a slippery slope argument , go all the way !, 
  the entire planet needs debt relief . 
  no-one . 
  the debt overhang alone is enough to scare all lenders . 
  that 's why debt relief is necessary . 
  `` we just need to put more faith in the program and it 'll all work out ! '', 
  austerians are cultists . 
  i 'd rather see the eu 's complete disintegration and replacement with a federation than the eu , as it exists now , evolving into a federation . 
  that second kind of `` federation '' would be built on rotten , neoliberal , antidemocratic foundations . 
  do n't you have , like , 15 % unemployment ? 
  do you see the situation and the sentiment all over europe becoming more or less conducive to creating a fiscal/budget union ? 
  to me the answer is clear . 
  not to idiots , no . 
  it 's a badly architected monetary union . 
  i was always opposed to it but my comment was tongue-in-cheek . 
  you 're probably just too stupid to see that . 
  i think that , from this moment onward , any politician in my country who supports and takes steps towards poland joining the $ z should be sentenced to death by a firing squad for high treason . 
  situation in one country can be different than in other countries , imagine that !, 
  greece has suffered through much more austerity than all the countries you listed , even ireland . 
  however , i maintain that ireland , spain and portugal , too , are in this vicious cycle of ponzi austerity and will not recover in the long term unless they get debt relief . 
  greece was not recovering . 
  nominal gdp was still falling while prices were falling even faster which created an illusion of recovery . 
  a classic debt-deflationary spiral . 
  this shit could turn me into a single-issue voter . 
  whoever promises not to touch the $ with a ten-foot pole gets my vote . 
  two problems : * we do n't know what the proportions were before the first bailout . 
  could be that most of the bailout money went to those banks that were the most exposed so the proportions leveled out after the first bailout . 
  * you 're not really refuting / u/thue 's argument . 
  he is essentially correct that the money went to private banks all over europe , and whether the biggest creditors were german or some other banks is beside the point ( they very likely were because germany is the major surplus economy of europe ) . 
  if this data is from 2011 then is n't that after a lot of the greek debt ( owed to private european banks ) had already been replaced with debt to the imf and the ecb through the 1st bailout ? 
  the $ zone is dying , unraveling , disintegrating , imploding , collapsing . 
  i 'm gon na need a thesaurus to get the point across . 
  austerity is not gon na stop the slow process of disintegration because it 's a ponzi scheme ; you ca n't reverse insolvency through more loans and fiscal belt-tightening . 
  if this continues , in less than a generation , the ( effectively bankrupt ) deficit countries of the $ z ( such as spain , ireland and greece ) will become shriveled , desolate wastelands . 
  surplus countries will fare better but they 've been hurting too . 
  in the process , if the mutual blaming and insult-hurling continues , no pragmatic solution will be implemented . 
  the crisis of 2008 is our generation 's great depression . 
  but this time it could last decades , not years . 
  upvoted not because i like it but because it 's a perfect example of the kind of media-propagated shit that lobotomizes everyone 's thinking on the subject . 
   what does mr condescending four-eyes have to say about that ? 
   already resorting to name calling ? 
  dumbfuck . 
  that you 're an idiot . 
  you 're supporting his position that austerity is stupid with your comment . 
  oh , look , another crackpot . 
  please , elaborate . 
  this constant looking for hidden nefarious purposes in everything he says and everything he does is just hilarious from idiots like you . 
  keep it coming . 
  i 'm having a blast reading this stuff . 
  the big bad v-man is gon na come at night , kidnap your children and drink their blood . 
  the people he was dealing with are cowards . 
  shallow , provincial people who ca n't see the big picture . 
  principled people like him do n't last long in politics . 
  seeing what kinds of people hate him here and elsewhere makes me like him even more . 
  he kicks all kinds of ass , does n't he ? 
  i know , right ? 
  how did this not get downvoted to oblivion yet ? 
  `` yes !, 
  let 's all get free shit !, 
  blowjobs and beer for everyone ! '', 
  this is recently the level of criticism in / r/europe of anyone who criticizes the ponzi austerity . 
  that and a flurry of donwvotes . 
  some fucking union . 
  over the last few weeks i 've become a total eurosceptic and would fight with all power i can muster to prevent poland from joining the ez . 
  obviously , it 's an analogy of what happened with greece . 
  i would never take it . 
  i would announce that i 'm defaulting . 
  greece was never bailed out . 
  banks were bailed out . 
  unfortunately , the conditions under which you loaned me $ 500 have reduced my income . 
  congratulations , now my debt is higher as a percentage of my income . 
   yes it did , it went to paying their debts . 
  through more debts that are given on conditions that reduce one 's income from which these debts are to be repaid . 
  you are free to live in a fantasy world in which austerity is not an empirically spectacular , collossal failure that deepens the very problem it 's advertised to solve . 
  agreed . 
  something like the american tarp or what sweden did in 1992 would 've been fine . 
   so yes , de facto the money did go to the greeks . 
  no matter how you try to spin it , it did n't . 
  the loans only create a state of permanent indebtedness in greece ; it 's like a junkie that needs another fix every few months . 
  it 's a zombie economy , artificially kept alive through unsustainable borrowing . 
  it 's a farce . 
  greece simply should 've defaulted . 
  if i was bankrupt , i would never attempt to borrow from you and you would be very foolish to lend me . 
  correct . 
  it was a cynical transfer of private banking losses incurred as a result of the 2008 financial crisis onto the shoulders of european taxpayers . 
  the money did n't go to greece and was never meant to go to greece . 
  it went to the european banks . 
  because the condition is the no vote . 
  about 3:40 . 
  but there are other goodies in there , the title is just meant to lure you in . 
  i recommend giving varoufakis the benefit of the doubt because of [ ** this recent tweet of his ** ] ( https://twitter.com/yanisvaroufakis/status/616805263912357888 ) in which he refers to pretty much the same phenomenon as ` scare mongering ' in english . 
  you know who else used to cry ? 
   the thing is , it 's not a bluff . 
  the political situation at home for those creditors is very unfavorable to giving in to greece ( and the fact that it 's syriza only makes matters worse ) . 
  if they give in , it will be very hard to get a deal through parliament , and they 'll be committing political suicide . 
  because they 've drummed up this bullshit propaganda about not giving into greece . 
  serves the motherfuckers right .
