  are you being intentionally obstinate or just stupid ? 
  what else is it ? 
  i like to use language creatively . 
  the current offer is a negative-sum game . 
  it helps neither greece achieve recovery nor creditors get their money back . 
  potential future offers will be even worse . 
  the european commission arm of the troika is absolutely driven by germany . 
  no other finance minister has as powerful a voice as sch\u00e4uble there , not even close ( certainly not the french one ) . 
  the ecb is mostly passive and simply does as it 's told . 
   ( sch\u00e4uble ) `` we never said that greece should leave the eurozone . 
  we only called attention to the possibility that athens itself can decide on taking a timeout . 
  debt relief is not possible within the currency union . 
  european treaties do not allow it . '' that 's an interesting way to put it . 
  it supports my view that sch\u00e4uble 's attempt to force a grexit involves giving greece an offer it ca n't accept ; an offer so vile and horrible that greece would see grexit as the better option . 
  since there is no formal process for kicking a country out of the $ z , this is the only way for him to do it and get away with it . 
  viewed in this light , the economic carpet-bombing of greece over the last few months ( by imposing the liquidity squeeze , for example ) by the troika makes some machiavellian sense . 
  imposing a liquidity squeeze is not just `` not giving in '' . 
  it 's intentionally carpet-bombing an economy . 
  the troika did this to strike terror into ireland , portugal , spain , even france . 
  greece was made an example of and syriza did n't expect such ruthlessness ( they did n't have reason to , initially ) . 
  the interview with varoufakis by el pa\u00eds is interesting to read . 
  that 's troika 's doing . 
  blaming syriza for this reminds me of [ this propaganda poster ] ( http://tyrannosaur.tripod.com/pol/polishposter.jpg ) . 
  it blames britain 's inaction for poland 's devastation in ww2 while conveniently ignoring the ones who actually did the bombing . 
  the article does n't put blame for the current crisis on events surrounding wwii . 
  if you read the article , it is related in a certain way to current events , even if distantly . 
  that 's what history is for , to learn from and not repeat its mistakes . 
  is there anything factually incorrect in that statement ? 
  btw , thanks for using the downvote button as a `` disagree '' button , a very common behavior in / r/europe . 
  the eib has [ ** hundreds of billions of capital ** ] ( http://www.eib.org/about/structure/shareholders/ ) and a very good track record of sensible investment . 
  augmented by issuing bonds , it easily is enough . 
   if it does n't get paid back or loses money the rest of europe loses out . 
  yes , let 's not invest our capital because we might not get adequate returns from it !, 
  better to keep it idle , just as it has been since 2010 . 
  then it certainly has a better chance of yielding returns ... somehow . 
   your `` plan '' is still having the rest of europe spend , and take the risks , on greece investing its way out of austerity . 
  not just greece , all of ez . 
  greece is far from the only suffering state ; it 's only one tiny part of the mess . 
  your statement sounds dangerously like some sort of desire to see greece suffer through austerity for its trasngressions , as some sort of penance . 
  i 'd think `` issuing bonds '' is not `` magicking money out of thin air '' to anyone with half a brain . 
  the eib is huge but the eu rule is that 50 % of every investment project must be financed through the member state . 
  greece , ireland , etc. 
  are bankrupt so they ca n't cover those 50 % . 
  this rule must simply be waived . 
  this is just one example of what could easily be done at the eu level to end the crisis . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  they 're confirming i 'm right . 
   the europe where everyone is going through austerity you mean ? 
  sovereign nations , who 've been making cuts for years , should give money to greece so they can spend their way out ? 
  no , the eib issues its own bonds ( to whoever wants to purchase them ) and uses its money to make investments in the ez . 
  the eib is big enough to lead a ez-wide investment recovery program . 
  no transfer union is required , as i said in my previous comment . 
  you bet your ass economists rightly view austerity as politically-motivated lunacy rather than a rational economic policy . 
  the euro crisis could easily be solved , even without a fiscal or a transfer union . 
  the reasons it does n't happen are political , not economic . 
   to many idiots around thinking austerity in greece is some kind of choice . 
  it 's not . 
  they ca n't borrow money and they are in the red . 
  their choice is super fast austerity or a slower measured austerity . 
  where did i say it 's greece 's choice ? 
  the choice to end the crisis does n't belong to countries like greece or spain , or ireland ; they 're bankrupt , they ca n't make an investment-led recovery . 
  the solution must come from europe . 
  the eib , for example , could lead such a recovery . 
  it does n't do it because the rule is that 50 % of the money for any investment project must come from a member state , which should be changed . 
  that 's just one example of many eu-level changes that could lead to a recovery . 
  well , then it 's even worse if the austerian lunacy dominates in other places as well , especially since those places do n't have to live through its insane prescriptions . 
  how is that statement wrong ? 
   not every argument deserves acknowledgement . 
  if someone believes so much in something that they become a self-professed < < thing   , they wo n't be refuted . 
  they still have to be refuted . 
  even flat-earthers have to be refuted at some point . 
  besides , you 're conflating someone 's ideological label with the argument at hand which may have nothing to do with that particular label . 
  my mormon example was actually charitable to you because the mormon was still arguing about theism . 
  should i refuse to engage him on subjects that have nothing to do with theism ? 
   you do n't have to . 
  i mean , i get your point , but picking fights with strangers over their opinion of a slovenian marxist seems ... overzealous . 
  i made my first comment because i see this idiotic mentality a lot here , it was n't specifically about \u017di\u017eek . 
  my first comment was general enough to apply to many comments in / r/europe . 
   sometimes labels are enough to dismiss someone 's argument . 
  i do n't care how logical he thinks he 's being , i will never take a racist 's argument under consideration , the same way i wo n't take a communist 's . 
  that makes you a fool . 
  if a racist makes an argument , it still has to be refuted . 
   make fun of me all you want , though i 'm surprised you have the time . 
  i mean , you take absolutely everybody 's argument into consideration , otherwise you 'd be a hypocrite . 
  yes , i believe in the radical notion that the strength of an argument is what warrants my attention , not the kind of person making it . 
  for example , as an atheist , if a mormon makes a good theistic argument , i still have to refute it . 
  i ca n't ignore it just because mormons believe in all sorts of wacky stuff . 
  i do n't deny you that right . 
  i 'm just making fun of you . 
  whew , that was close !, 
  you almost had to start thinking instead of dismissing people 's arguments based on labels . 
  you dodged that bullet !, 
  and the ponzi austerity continues . 
  new loans to repay the old ones . 
  you fucking imbecile . 
  it would 've taken you much less time to google the name than to write this comment and to sit with a thumb up your ass waiting for responses . 
  greece is insolvent , not illiquid , and has been since 2010 . 
  that means they ca n't pay back - it 's physically impossible . 
  the longer you delay debt relief , the more you 'll have to write off . 
  the loans will not be paid back - ever - it 's as certain as the sun rising tomorrow .
