  greece should just start , say , an automotive industry from scratch and beat all the established players in that field . 
  sounds easy enough . 
  labor costs are lower in greece as a result of the crisis but , for the abovementioned reason , exports are not increasing . 
  this simply wo n't work in a post-2008 world for a country with a trade deficit . 
  you recovery happened against a background of global economic prosperity in which increasing demand for your exports made export-fueled growth possible . 
  people underestimate how big of an impact the 2008 crisis had ( and still has ! ), 
  on global capitalism . 
  germany 's always had a strong industry that exports to the rest of the world . 
  your trade surplus helps you a lot . 
  greece does n't have that . 
  also , despite big reductions in wages , greece 's exports have been flat which is unprecedented . 
  [ ** here 's why . 
  ** ] ( https://youtu.be/hgyxnlkpx7q?t=16m58s ), 
  for this reason :  when argentina defaulted and broke the peg , the ill effects on its trading partners ( china , brazil etc. 
  ) , as well as on the broader macro-economy in which it was functioning , were negligible . 
  if greece leaves the euro , however , the results will most certainly prove catastrophic for our ` economic ecology ' , and in a never-ending circle of negative feedback , will bite our struggling nation back . 
   to begin with , greece must exit not only the eurozone but also the european union . 
  this is non-negotiable and unavoidable . 
  for if the greek state is effectively to confiscate the few euros a citizen has in her bank account and turn them into drachmas of diminishing value , she will be able to take the greek government to the european courts and win outright . 
  additionally , the greek state will have to introduce border and capital controls to prevent the export of its citizens euro-savings . 
  thus , greece will have to get out of the european union . 
  ( taken from : http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2012/05/16/weisbrot-and-krugman-are-wrong-greece-cannot-pull-off-an-argentina/ ), 
  where did i mention greece , you dumbfuck ? 
  we were talking about argentina . 
  or someone who irresponsibly lent money and then wants to beat the insolvent borrower into submission through their paid imf thugs . 
  if i had more time , i would elaborate on what i mean and make longer responses to more people here who are disagreeing with me but i 'm really busy today ( i 'm working at home ) . 
  thanks for the exchange . 
   because everyone defines words the same exact way ... that 's why i told you to look in the dictionary , not ask people around . 
   i can say a law is unjust because it would hurts me financially . 
  i personally do n't believe that but i would bet i could find people who would agree with that statement . 
  i would categorize such a law as being `` inconvenient '' for them but they may genuinely believe it 's unjust . 
  what do you want to do about those people ? 
  because they : * either break the law because they believe it 's unjust or * do n't break it because they fear the punishment but may vote and/or lobby to change the law . 
  at the end of the day , these are the only options . 
  you can attempt to convince them that the law is reasonable but , failing that , they will break it if they can get away with it . 
  we can tell them they 're wrong and argue/vote/lobby against their interest but , other than that , what can be done ? 
   saying what something is n't does n't define it . 
  you can look up the definitions of those words in any dictionary . 
   think of how many bad things happen in the world because people piss on the laws and cherry pick their morality and ethics . 
  i said nothing about cherrypicking morality and ethics . 
  i said about charrypicking laws which is a big difference . 
   you are correct about human rights , but you made no distinction between laws unjust because they violate human rights and those that are unjust for other reasons . 
  imo unjust can be used for laws that violate human rights , but nonsensical is where i disagree with you . 
  make that distinction for me because i do n't see it . 
  what other reasons do you have in mind ? 
   i can think zoning laws are nonsensical but to a city planner they are vital and can totally make sense . 
  then you understand the purpose of the laws and do n't think they 're nonsensical . 
  do i have to repeat myself ? 
  fine : note that i said `` if a law is unjust and/or nonsensical '' , not `` if a law is inconvenient '' which is an important distinction . 
  think how many regions in the world there are where good things happened because existing laws were broken . 
  should you blindly obey the law if you live in some dictatorship or a fascist state ? 
  should you obey the law if you live in a country that criminalizes homosexuality or criticism of the state or violates human rights ? 
  should rosa parks have obeyed the law ? 
  correct . 
  we should do it if/when the current laws are stupid and should be changed . 
  our current laws on abortion are stupid and should be changed . 
  yes . 
  if i disagree with a law , i have no compunctions about breaking it ( only the fear of punishment can prevent me ) . 
  note that i said `` if a law is unjust and/or nonsensical '' , not `` if a law is inconvenient '' which is an important distinction . 
  laws are not written by infallible beings . 
  yeah , you are butthurt . 
  in my opinion , if a law is unjust and/or nonsensical , you should break it if you can get away with it . 
  butthurt ? 
  the ban is a farce because poles travel abroad to get abortions . 
  it 's just one big hypocrisy worthy of some backward muslim country claiming to have no gays in its population after criminalizing homosexuality . 
  unless we have something like what [ ** varoufakis proposes ** ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/euro-crisis/modest-proposal/ ) , i am and always will be staunchly against it . 
   he presented a hypothetical situation in which greece received further aid with the aim of stimulating her economy . 
  do n't call it aid anymore or i 'll die from laughter . 
  there was never any `` aid '' provided to `` stimulate '' the economy . 
   he then went on and compared it to the years before the crisis , in which greece borrowed money and spend it on , for example , pensions . 
  this was meant to illustrate that giving further money with that aim would not help , since it let to the crisis in the first place . 
  it did not lead to the crisis . 
  the 2008 financial crisis is what led to the eurozone crisis ( of which greece is only a symptom ) . 
  no-one is proposing further borrowing to increase pensions - after all , syriza was elected to end austerity and borrowing . 
  if he thinks someone does , he 's an idiot , especially since pensions have only been cut since 2010 . 
   so let 's borrow money , and spend it on ... let 's say pensions . 
  this will make gdp higher , because people will have more money to spend !, 
  this worked so well when greeks did it last time !, 
   so they got into 180 % gdp debt by using only 11 % of that money how are you not talking about the bailout ? 
  / u/xmnstr corrected you and said that the money was not used to energize the greek economy and certainly not on pensions ( which have been cut by 40 % since 2010 , iirc ) . 
  90 % went straight to the insolvent banking system . 
  100 % of the money was used , just not on helping greece . 
  the loans , and austerity in general , was never about helping greece . 
  the goal was to cynically transfer private losses from the books of the banks onto the shoulders of the taxpayers ( greek ones initially but later other european ones ) . 
  people in the rest of europe are foolishly agreeing to this because : * they are fixated on the bullshit narrative of spendthrift , lazy greeks who deserve everything that 's happening to them * they mistakenly believe that if a loan is unserviceable , 100 % of the blame is on the borrower : the lender should go fucking scot-free . 
  but there is such a thing as irresponsible lending . 
  funny how , in all such graphs , the date when the graph was made is always the exact date the recovery begins . 
  apparently , this article is bullshit and these words have never been uttered : https://twitter.com/spiegelpeter/status/601348216920088576, 
  fuck religious values . 
  really , fuck 'em . 
  if you 're worried about birth rates , religiosity does n't help . 
  if it did , poland would have the highest birth rate in europe . 
  even granting the unsupported claim that islam is taking over europe , can anyone explain to me how the solution to a looming fascist theocracy is to throw oneself into the arms of a fascist theocracy a of a different sort ? 
  your link does n't lead me to any specific comment . 
  all unambiguous statistical data about the european theater you 'd care to look at supports my position . 
  the number of casualties ( on both sides ) , the amount of materiel used on the eastern front , the length of the conflict etc. 
  yes , let 's jump immediately into strawman arguments . 
  the question is which one nation contributed the most , not which one nation contributed everything while others contributed nothing . 
  to me the answers is clear : it 's the soviets . 
  not a surprise since nobel prizes in economics are given for achievements like creating mathematical economic models that are based on the assumption that financial crises are impossible .
