in this case , the supreme court acts differently from the norm : it determines whether or not the president 's actions constitute a crime basing on the duma 's accusation . 
  this procedure does not require a lawsuit to move all the way through the court system , moreover , it does not involve a lawsuit at all . 
  to be honest , the president in russia may only be `` impeached '' ( there is no such term in the constitution ) via a duma initiative approved by at least two thirds of the deputies and only if the president was proven by the supreme and constitutional courts to have committed national treason or another grave crime . 
  and even then the federation council must vote with a constitutional majority in order for the president to be deprived of his office . 
  so , there was absolutely no way for this lawsuit to accomplish anything , and the judge who accepted it has either forgotten the constitution or wanted to make a point . 
  not that her dismissal is justified , but she was not exactly in the right here . 
  you are clearly somewhat misinformed about the extent of russian censorship . 
  movies are not banned on the basis of being `` western '' ( yet ) . 
  the vast majority of banned films are either extremist , pornographic or ukrainian . 
  the most anti-western gesture i can recall is the translation of `` captain america '' in the titles of recent movies into `` the first avenger '' . 
  even the character 's name within the film remained the same . 
  a perfect day to annex another neighbour !, 
  just let me pump myself with some drugs . 
   why does it absolutely never come into russians ' mind that maybe change should start from you ? 
  and why should it ? 
  2000s and early 2010s were the most prosperous periods the ordinary russians have ever had . 
  for this , one may thank putin , high oil prices , the stars being right , anything . 
  and , so far , the descent from this peak so far has been slow . 
  why bother fixing if it is n't ( completely ) broken ? 
  moreover , russian people have never been eager for major change . 
  in 1861 , after the emancipation , many a former serf had absolutely no idea what to do with his newfound freedom , preferring to continue serving his former master ( a great example would be firs from the cherry orchard by chekhov ) . 
  from 1905 to 1917 , between the revolution of 1905 and the great fuck-up of a provisional government , there was a duma and there were elections . 
  yes , they were very far from perfect , there was no vote equality and , as usual , plenty of corruption , but the main problem was the lack of political culture among the vast majority of russians . 
  they were unsure * why * they were supposed to vote at all , and , even if they did , they would , to put it bluntly , choose whatever party advocated for least political change . 
  a similar situation arose several times during the 1990s . 
  first , the soviet union referendum of 1991 answered the question of whether or not to preserve the soviet union with a resounding yes . 
  second , the presidential election of 1996 had the communist leader zyuganov winning in the polls . 
  yeltsin 's narrow victory came only as a result of the imf 's `` donation '' and ballot manipulations . 
  as history shows , neither of these situations ended up well . 
  so , let me ask you againg : why should an average russian want such a change ? 
  to lose what little he has gained since the end of the 1990s ' horror ? 
  to lose his reputation and freedom protesting ? 
  or even his life ? 
  the media and law enforcement agencies make sure that any decent opposition leader is either cast down and forgotten about or just never known . 
  the change should come slow . 
  one does not expect a vast nation that was authocratic basically since its inception to become a shining paragon of western democracy in such a short term . 
  i can denounce ( or praise ) my country 's foreign policy as much as i want . 
  it would be a waste of time . 
  so i suggest we do what russian people do best -- endure . 
  if we are fortunate , we may see an improvement within our lifetimes . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the donetsk you mentioned in the first paragraph is located in russia , about 1 kilometer from the ukranian border . 
  [ wikipedia article on shelling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shelling_of_donetsk,_russia ), 
  look at the very first picture in the link . 
  is vladivostok not russia ? 
  and what exactly do you disagree with ? 
  so , if one follows your logic , invading `` crumbling back-ward oppressive states '' in the middle of a civil war is justified ? 
  if so , the russian presence in syria should also be okay . 
  and i am no sovietphile . 
  what kind of accusation was that ? 
  i did n't say anything about soviet invasions . 
  you have asked when western countries attacked russia and i have provided an example . 
   makes our country great again kristaps porzingis is latvian trump confirmed . 
  good morning , mr. pabriks . 
  i have two questions for you . 
  one , what russia would you like to see ? 
  a weak russia with its economy crippled ? 
  or a strong one , with goals aligned with the eu ( somehow ) ? 
  or something in the middle ? 
  two , do you think that the second scenario is realistic in the near future ? 
  because from here , it does n't seem so . 
  thank you for your time . 
  so , the main question is : are we the wildlings or the white walkers ? 
  i agreed with your translation , although i have also seen the idiom translated as `` spreading cranberry '' . 
  then you might want to check your eyesight . 
  a notable part of this sub 's participants , as well as / u/zurfer75 , a mod , is russian . 
  for your information , the last presidential election was in 2012 , before the crimea situation . 
  the last * fair * presidential election ... pretty sure that such a thing never happened . 
  you * must * understand that the first time putin came to power he did not do so through an election , he was named by yeltsin as his successor . 
  then it became a trivial matter to ensure victory at the march 2000 election , especially using the chechen war as a rallying point , and at all the subsequent ones . 
  your reasoning is only applicable to functional democracies , where people in power to not create the system to ensure that they will stay there forever . 
  your bush jr. did not change the constitution , did not write the entire mass of electoral law , did not form agreements with other political parties ( the `` controlled opposition '' ) to provide a convenient backdrop of lunatics in comparison to whom he would seem a saint . 
  putin is not someone who , like trump , gamed the system and got to the top . 
  putin has circumvented the system , and then built his own . 
  this ... 
  i. . . do n't even know what to say . 
  you certainly put a lot of effort into this . 
  besides the fact that people do n't work like this , have you considered that these soldiers had families ? 
  families who would have been sent into camps and/or killed for being related to an `` enemy of the people '' ? 
  ask anyone else here , ask yourself , how would you choose : go into the frozen meat grinder and * maybe * die , or shoot at the superior officer , * surely * die and condemn your family to a very , very miserable existence ? 
  this came from the unnamed sources `` close to the administration '' . 
  i just wanted to provide a counterargument to those who consider this proclamation yet another tug of the puppetstrings by the kremlin . 
  [ this article ( in russian ) ] ( http://www.rbc.ru/politics/18/07/2017/596de6549a794753426d8657 ) states that this move was not approved by putin 's administration . 
  the quoted sources say that the proclamation has been a private initiative of zakharchenko and his privy circle , coming as a surprise to the kremlin . 
  honor ? 
  really ? 
  honor in war was over a century ago , and there never was any honor in assassinations . 
  whatever you say , / u/analjihadist, 
  we 're just too big , i guess . 
  territory , population , ambitions . 
  even if russia becomes a free and democratic paradise ( like that would ever happen ) , the massive difference in values and the sheer influence the russian population would impose on the eu institutions make this concept very worrisome from the eu countries ' viewpoint . 
  the more powerful countries , like germany and france , would have to not only consider russia 's interests , but also put up with a new center of power in the east . 
  the rest , especially the ex-warsaw pact nations , have a justified concern that their interests would be disregarded in favour of russia ( see nord stream , and that 's in the current situation ) . 
  moreover , let 's admit it : they wo n't like us for a very long time , democracy or no democracy . 
  euros to peanuts that in the * very * hypothetical event of eu vote to let russia in , there will be at least a couple of `` no '' votes from the eastern flank . 
  who needs decadent rotten gayrope when you have clean and developed beaches of sunny crimea , right ? 
  * right ?!, 
  * * nervous laughter * / s , if it 's unclear, 
  well , nice to know that at least * someone * had a nice day . 
  enjoy what you can . 
  i like this response .
