  not to mention that the border connecting finland to europe is northwestern russia . 
  basically , if you 're in sweden or norway and you 're going to `` the continent '' , you have to cross water 99 % of the time , unless you want to waste weeks driving north , then east into finland , south before crossing into russia and then west again into the baltics . 
  feeling like we 're not `` on the continent '' is just natural . 
  there are locks on every door in our house . 
  timothy dalton was born in wales to english parents , but moved to england when he was very young . 
  i 've had it once , but i do n't remember anything about it : /, 
  there are 574 people in norway with my last name . 
  either the black death or ww2, 
  every other day or when it 's necessary . 
  norwegians are `` so metal '' . 
  outside of the memes , a norwegian is really just like your average western/northern european person . 
  we just happen to live close to some `` metal '' nature . 
  also , i 'd say that probably 99.8 % of the population does n't give a toss about black metal . 
  it also is n't nearly as cold here as people think it is . 
  my top 5 would be : stockholm paris copenhagen sevilla vienna, 
  absolutely . 
  usually scrambled eggs and bacon , and rolls instead of regular bread . 
  tiny dash of milk in the coffee . 
  he 's got a lot of fans in norway , myself included . 
  basic hotdogs . 
  at least since the late 50s . 
  i love all his films except four rooms too , but when you rank all his movies , some will naturally end up on the bottom of the list even though they 're not bad films . 
  in my case ib ends up closer to the bottom of the list than the top . 
  that 's of course just my personal preference . 
  if you take the entire cost of it and divide it up among the 3.6 million taxpayers , each taxpayer pays about 15 usd for the monarchy in a year . 
  because it 's up against pulp fiction , jackie brown , reservoir dogs , and the kill bill films ? 
  police officers with g36 assault rifles at gatwick airport . 
  we have , but not often . 
  the only ones i remember was january 1st 2005 for the indian ocean tsunami and august 21st 2011 for the 22/7 attacks . 
  that does seem weird to me . 
  i do n't have an air conditioner , but i always open my window during the night . 
  i need fresh , cool air to sleep and just pull my duvet up to my neck if it gets cold . 
  i do n't really have a problem with it , and the reason is that it is/was more of a general symbol of japan , and not a symbol of a genocidal fascist ideology like the nazi flag is . 
  other than an invasion of norway it would have to be an attack on a fellow nato country or an attack on finland or sweden . 
  in defense against a foreign invader ? 
  absolutely . 
  my mother was 22 and my dad was 25 . 
  i think they were just barely younger than the average . 
  vestland is bestland, 
  sure , but someone who is n't norwegian will most likely not guess norway from pictures of rolling farmland . 
  most people will only picture mountains and fjords when thinking about norway . 
  not really that interesting . 
  fyllingen comes from [ fyllingsdalen ] ( https://martin253.files.wordpress.com/2008/04/s5002431.jpg ) where i 'm from and have lived my whole life . 
  oy is basically just an anglicization of \u05d0\u05f1 , which i do n't really have an explanation for . 
  same thing with [ j\u00e6ren ] ( https://hoyre.no/-/media/hoyreimport/hoyre/k/klepp/26196img201204180851-matjord-jren.jpg?h=359&amp;la=nb-no&amp;w=540&amp;hash=91159a18d819fbae1c0538847b49a668c62afa34 ) in rogaland county . 
  1130 to 1240 is called the civil war period , which was basically a century of various factions fighting to make their candidate the king of norway . 
  basics : elementary school fluent : watching tv and movies in english with norwegian subtitles . 
  i 'm so glad we do n't dub everything . 
  dubbing is retarded unless the show/movie is meant for little kids who ca n't read . 
  we already call it tsjekkia , and i definitely prefer that . 
  calling it the czech republic feels about as natural as exclusively calling the uk `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' every time you refer to it , or calling germany `` the federal republic of germany '' . 
  the poland one is a bit dishonest . 
  almost all of those pictures show mountains and the only area in poland that has mountains is in the far south on the border with slovakia . 
  most of norway 's most important industries are based in the west ( oil , gas , shipping , fisheries ) , but are headquartered and run from the capital in the east , for no other reason than that it 's the capital . 
  also , we basically give more to the rest of the country then we get in return . 
  because of that , many westerners , me included , would welcome a bit more autonomy and less centralization . 
  norway is one of the most centralized countries in europe and i would like that to change . 
  i think the palestinians should get a state and the israeli occupation of the west bank should end , but at the same time i 'm a firm supporter of israel . 
  i believe that there would 've been peace a long time ago if it had n't been for the plo and hamas . 
  extremist palestinians are the main obstacle in the way of a sovereign palestinian state . 
  anybody got a snappier name for someone who works at a shipyard ? 
  because else the name would be the bergen shipbuilders . 
  i got 100 % on us states in about a minute . 
  for the world i can place almost everything until i get to africa and the tiny islands everywhere . 
  a member of the serb ethnic group who lives within the borders of bosnia . 
  usually adheres to orthodox christianity . 
  it 's either gothenburg , v\u00e4nersborg , or helsinborg . 
  it could be either one , as i 'm not really sure exactly how many times i 've been to those places . 
  people wearing shoes inside , especially on carpeted floors . 
  is that normal at all or is it just something that 's done in movies and shows for convenience ? 
  sweden \u2764, 
  i got : our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  american ( standard ) 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  canadian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  swedish i have no idea how it was so accurate . 
  i got most similar to the bay area , hawaii , upstate new york , connecticut , and wisconsin . 
  you have military parades every bastille day ; we have a children 's parade . 
  if anyone 's national day celebrations look like north korea , it 's yours . 
  i 'm not saying bastille day parades make you look like north korea . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that comparing 17th of may celebrations to north korea makes no fucking sense and is quite frankly insulting . 
  that 's not a norwegian thing ; it 's a northern europe vs southern europe thing . 
  in the southern half of europe they have a casual relationship with alcohol . 
  in the northern half they binge drink during the weekends . 
  oh , i thought you meant exclave of austria . 
  how are north and east tyrol exclaves exactly ? 
  dazed and confused , goodfellas , and hot fuzz . 
  maybe culture is the wrong word , but it 's a mixed bag of stuff that appeals to me : you get a huge , wide open landscape that is very diverse ; flat land , hills , woods , swamps in the east , and deserts and arid mountain areas in the west . 
  a long coastline , vast reaches of farmland , but also big cities and towns . 
  there 's a melting pot of cultures with descendants from czechia , poland , germany , and ireland , along with large african american and hispanic communities , which is reflected in areas like food and music . 
  i 'm also fascinated by the perceived uniqueness to texas , where it does n't really fit into the regions that surround it . 
  it 's not entirely southern , nor is it entirely south western . 
  not to mention that texas had to fight its own separate revolution from the rest of the us and was a de facto independent republic for 10 years . 
  i also like guns a lot . 
  norwegian and english . 
  i also have a basic understanding of german . 
  at 180 i 'm one cm below the average for norwegian men . 
  pretty average .
