that was hilarious . 
  so i guess that 's how the french deal with people who speak too loud on their phones or listen to music without earbuds ? 
  it means `` our day will come '', 
  why exactly ? 
  of course , * if * spain or another country tried to just grab gibraltar by military means then the uk should absolutely use force ( or nato ) to protect its territory . 
  but , seeing as literally no one in spain or the eu is advocating taking gibraltar , talking about war is just fucking ridiculous . 
  also , the comparison to the falklands does n't work , considering that spain is modern democracy and 80 's argentina was a far right , crypto-fascist military dictatorship . 
  because it 's a map of the uk , not the british isles . 
  is n't there also a treaty somewhere that prohibits northern ireland from being an independent country and states that it can only exist as either part of the uk or be united with the republic ? 
  uh , are you suggesting an armed insurrection or something ? 
  jesus what a cunt . 
  haha i meant in the 4th picture , 
  is that lord byron in the 4th one ? 
  hot . 
  it would have been pretty cool if the free state government had made irish the national language of the country , like israel did with hebrew . 
  it 's probably too late now . 
  that makes sense . 
  i did n't consider that . 
  is that cunt really the most famous norwegian ? 
  the king ? 
  that was easier to understand than most danes . 
  a succulent chinese meal, 
  is n't that the flag of munster in the lower left ? 
  this is in the aurlandsfjord if anyone was wondering . 
  this is odda actually . 
  close to bergen , but a lot smaller . 
  foreign contributions to another country 's political campaigns should be illegal . 
  going on strike is the opposite of slacktivism . 
  i feel i should point out that fosen is in central norway , not the north . 
  why does norway and sweden score lower than denmark and finland ? 
  belgium has the best beer in the world . 
  that may be , but for the actual defense of the country they 're basically useless . 
  the government has n't even bothered to give the navy enough money to actually maintain the ships for more than a few years before they 're decommissioned . 
  we 're worse off now than we were in 1940 , but our idiot politicians refuse to do anything other than pouring money into `` prestige projects '' like the f35 and ships that are written off before they even enter service . 
  does anyone know what that piece of music is called ? 
  maybe ` slurred ' would be a better term than muddled , but i definitely do n't mean it in a bad way . 
  kind of like muddled german with a slight french accent and some dutch words thrown in . 
  it 's pretty nice to listen to . 
  yeah , at this rate the defense of norway will have to be carried out by 50 fighter planes , 6 warships , a submarine , and 4 cafeteria ladies . 
  who needs infantry when you can just throw away money on frigates that 'll be sold to some african dictator in 10 years time ? 
  silly italy , everyone knows coffee is supposed to be black as midnight on a moonless night . 
  disgraceful . 
  this is just an exception though . 
  swedish roads are much , * much * better than norwegian roads 95 % of the time . 
  i do n't know , they sure seemed to fall for that whole `` norwegian cps steals foreign children because norwegian birthrate is too low/decades of inbreeding '' thing . 
  edit : a word, 
  buskerud is greek ? 
  they were the best !, 
  we watched them in elementary school . 
  hufsa is still scary . 
  this was pretty terrible . 
  i feel embarrassed . 
  so i guess the dutch have expanded their war against the north sea to include war against water in general ? 
  yep . 
  that 's bergen alright . 
  i 'm surprised norway is n't darker . 
  identical , except that i consider germany , switzerland , austria , and slovenia to also be central european and bulgaria to be balkan . 
  i also think western turkey is european . 
  sounds awful : /, 
  i 'd rather be * a norwegian * than * an inhabitant of earth-sector 47 * . 
  national identity is something that occurs naturally based on shared language and culture among a group of people . 
  trying to `` quash '' something like that would be a terrible idea . 
  is diphtheria the one where you shit yourself to death ? 
  what does trump have to do with this ? 
  putin and his ilk are right wingers with imperialist tendencies and a hard on for homophobia . 
  calling their critics `` right wing loonies '' is ridiculous . 
  the russian goverment and its supporters are the right wing loonies , dude . 
  the germans should just give them a 5 euro note with `` fuck off '' scribbled on the back with a marker . 
  republic , but uses symbol of the norwegian monarchy on their flag ... smh, 
  people constantly need to be rescued from the trail leading to preikestolen because they 're wearing sandals and shorts . 
  no respect for the weather . 
   the ukraine it 's ukraine , not the ukraine . 
  get it right . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that the statement `` norway was even liberated by the soviets '' is highly misleading , because it implies that the entire country was liberated by them , which it absolutely was n't . 
  the overwhelming majority of norway and its population were still occupied by nazi germany on the day the war ended in europe . 
  only finnmark was liberated by the soviets . 
  saying that `` norway '' was liberated by them is * very * misleading . 
  ayran so far awaaay, 
  is n't that an mp7 though ? 
  the fact that you ca n't recognize terms of endearment between different branches of the us military makes your rant pretty fucking ironic . 
  thank you retarded drug laws !, 
  nice to see norway thoroughly in the ** brown **, 
  was n't guinness literally used as food by some people during the great famine because it was the only source of nutrition they had ? 
  the founder of guinness was a hardcore protestant and british unionist . 
  in fact , the beer was originally called `` guinness black protestant porter '' . 
  i 've seen some irish republicans online call their fellow countrymen traitors for drinking it . 
  granted , that was in the youtube comments of an ira documentary so it could have just been concern trolling brits . 
  i 'd probably love that if the berries were taken off . 
  sex machine, 
  * sandwiches of europe *, 
  why does estonia have a church named after a norwegian king ? 
   why are n't you pissy about obama selling shit tons of weapons to saudi arabia ? 
  why do you assume i 'm not ? 
   no way to stop it now without fucking up an bunch of other diplomatic relations fuck diplomatic relations . 
  trump is just as big of a pos as obama for not cutting all us ties to the saudi cunts . 
  you mean the deal trump did nothing to stop ? 
  berlin used to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world . 
  now it 's one of the ugliest larger cities in europe . 
  decapitatioooooooon !,
