  what a surprise / s, 
  did god bully the czechs in school or something ? 
  yep , and some of that , if not most , can be blamed on eamonn de valera , who basically handed education over to the church and who gave catholicism a much more central position in irish society than it should have when he drafted the new constitution in the late 30s . 
  britain can take much of the blame , but certainly not all of it . 
  yes , the demise of irish until the 20s is due to british oppression , and the decline between 1840 and 1926 is monumental compared to the decline between 1926 and now . 
  the decline * since * 1926 however , is due to irelands lack of action towards language revival . 
  ireland was independent in 1926 , the first map shows the situation in that year . 
  the decline of irish since then is entirely on ireland and the dev . 
  norway was still a part of denmark at this point . 
  the union with sweden was from 1814 to 1905 . 
  fun fact : one of the major reasons why sweden wanted norway in 1814 was as a compensation for the loss of finland five years earlier . 
  look at [ this map . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d5/c1/20/d5c120e916a6573643d4a3b298041440.jpg ) there are tons of mountains along sweden 's border with norway . 
  some of those swedish stereotypes fits norwegians better than swedes . 
  it 's the summer of 1989 all over again . 
  huh , til . 
  they 're just like us , except that they have better infrastructure , better roads , better music , better movies , and better tv . 
  snus is illegal in finland ? 
  fuck the daily mail and its cunt readers . 
  do you seriously believe that being locked up in a `` hotel '' that you ca n't leave and have no control over your life for several years is a reward ? 
  how is being locked up for years a reward ? 
  he wo n't get out in 20 years , he 'll be in prison forever . 
  read up on the norwegian legal system before making dumbass assumptions . 
  a few years ago we had to send convicts to the netherlands because our prisons were full . 
  the alps is definitely the most beautiful area in europe . 
  but those people are criminals so who cares !, 
  why would n't they ? 
   norway was created in 1030 . 
  872 actually . 
  the country was christened in 1030 . 
   what ? 
  even more tourism ? 
  why would anybody want that ? 
  you 're european though . 
  i would definitely choose the right of self-determination , but that has to happen either through a democratic referendum or crimea declaring independence before joining russia . 
  a foreign power can never be allowed to just invade and annex a territory of another sovereign state even if the people living there wants them to . 
  all the little germanies . 
  both iran and the saudis are the bad guys . 
  we should n't be dealing with either of them . 
  and here i thought germany supported pan-european cooperation ... / s, 
  it honestly does n't even matter what his politics are ; trump is not fit to be president of the united states . 
  he lacks a fundamental understanding of basic international diplomacy and is ** incredibly ** insecure . 
  the fact that he 's the commander in chief of the most powerful country on the planet should worry everyone . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  you clearly have a survivorship bias . 
  we should create an empire based on the north sea . 
   since when being nationalistic is the same as identifying as a part of my nation ? 
  that 's literally the core idea of nationalism . 
  should have been macedonia rather than austria . 
  low temperatures does n't mean that there 's no sun . 
  also , if he 's been hiking or skiing in the mountains he could easily have gotten that tan . 
  the sun 'll burn you even if it 's cold . 
  i got sunburned during a 3 hour hike back during easter and again during a hike on may 1st . 
  we 've had sunshine here in bergen for a full week right now with no rain . 
  the ratio of sunny days and rainy days in a full year here is about 50/50 . 
  that may be more than in other places , but it 's not as if we do n't get sun . 
  it 's sunshine half the year , rain and snow in the other half . 
  it 's not like we do n't get sun here you know . 
  weird thing is that they got two priests to watch the movie and decide whether it was blasphemous or not , and they said it was n't . 
  two priests in the church of norway said that the movie was n't blasphemous , yet the government still banned it . 
  nazis , muslims ... what 's the difference ? 
  there are subranges though , like hurrungane , lyngsalpan , jotunheimen , dovre , forollhogna and so on . 
  huh , i could understand a lot of that . 
  postal by uwe boll . 
  it means cloud pump . 
  social democratic tornadoes *, 
  the thing about russia is that the summers are scorching hot and the winters are `` are you fucking kidding me '' cold . 
  is that cop holding a paintball gun ? 
  i 'm not 100 % sure if it is , but according to [ this ] ( http://news.ku.dk/all_news/2015/06/nat-sitesnbi-sitesnbinyhedernyheder_15risiko-for-store-havstigninger-i-nordeuropa/ ) , the land around the gulf of bothnia between finland and sweden is rising faster than the sea level . 
  the same could very well be the case in norway , but i do n't know for sure . 
  average temperature for the lofoten islands is above 0 celsius in all winter months . 
  as long as there 's not a hurricane it should be fine . 
  the norwegian landmass is still rising up from the last ice age . 
  global warming will have little effect here . 
  hey , let 's not forget that soccer was originally a british term . 
  did i miss something ? 
  i 'd say it 's in the south central together with oklahoma , arkansas , and louisiana . 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  i did n't know about that . 
  never actually seen the show . 
  leave france alone . 
  because it 's set in norway ? 
  cry god for harry , england and st. george , as we march to the music of showaddywaddy, 
  yeah , ca n't really argue with that . 
   gave peace prize to kissinger and obama what an odd thing to mention . 
  yet you rely on nazi propaganda and kurt vonnegut for your knowledge on dresden ? 
  read the post and then check it against the facts yourself , it 's not hard . 
  the people posting on / r/badhistory are mostly people with degrees in the history field and anything that is wrong or untrue * will * be called out by other users . 
  i think you should read [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/2v4wzz/no_the_allies_didnt_just_bomb_dresden_for_shits/ ) if you actually believe that that 's what the bombing of dresden was . 
  unless the french resistance were taught to intentionally target civilians then you ca n't really say they were taught `` terrorist techniques '' . 
  there are of course areas that do get much colder , like up in the mountains or the inland areas of northern norway , but very few people actually live in those places . 
   cold as fuck scandinavia is n't nearly as cold as people think . 
  the lowest temperature ever recorded in my hometown is -16 celsius . 
  your typical midwestern or northeastern american winter would be much worse than a norwegian one . 
  the war was basically over in 1973 when the paris accords was signed , and the peace did last almost two years before the north started the 1975 spring offensive and conquered the south . 
  the goal of the us was stopping communism from spreading and they failed to do that , but they were n't defeated by the north vietnamese army or the viet cong . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not trying to defend what the americans did in vietnam , i 'm just saying that north vietnam did n't defeat the us military in any way . 
  it was getting too unpopular with the american people to continue fighting and nixon had also promised that he would end the war . 
  the americans pulled their forces out of vietnam after signing the paris peace accords with the north vietnamese .
