he 's in the process of that already , just blame the americans which is easy enough for him to do . 
  the premise of a new cold war could make some people a lot of money so there 's that as well . 
  putin could tighten his grip on russia further if he continue to build the image of the us/nato trying to strangle russia and impose their will on the rest of the world as they see please and whatnot else a cold war-ish scenario could mean . 
  he 's not entirely wrong though sadly since there have been an awful lot of nato bombs falling these last 15 ... 25 ... years ... not sure how he motivates that with trying to do the same thing though . 
  yes let 's hope a new s.t.a.l.k.e.r gets into production instead of hoping that the war ends soon ... 
  i find it unlikely that they would send a test sub in , most likely a mini sub or some variant of a diesel sub . 
  no nuclear sub would be able to operate underwater in the stockholm archipelago . 
  it 's probably a mini sub or possibly a diesel sub . 
  this was rather common back in the eightiees and they never captured one ( although one could 've been sunk almost for sure but command stopped it in the last second ) . 
  finding one now with the current state of the navy and heli 's would be quite lucky . 
  the prospect of it actually happening though , it could change a lot . 
  these extra warheads are not the concern , the real concern is that there are already so many in operation ( from all countries around the world ) and that very little is actually done to reduce the stockpile . 
  that 's the concern , these sensational news are not the concern . 
  not to mention that nato as a whole spend tenfold the amount of what russia does . 
  there really is n't any need to increase budgets further , just need to move stuff that already exist to the right place . 
  i 'd like to compare this to a map over single men households . 
  `` war booty finds from western denmark suggest that warriors from coastal areas of modern sweden participated in large-scale seaborne raids upon that area and were sometimes soundly defeated . '', 
  - [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_pre-history#roman_iron_age.2c_ad_1-400 ) sounds like we were throwing rocks in denmark , as is the natural order of things . 
  i 'm one of those . 
  i ca n't for one second imagine living that close to denmark . 
  and to make matters even worse there are lots of danish living in malm\u00f6 !, 
  it 's an invasion , they should be pushed back over the bridge to where they came from and the bridge burned behind them !, 
  seriously though , scania and malm\u00f6 has had really bad reputation since forever . 
  it 's not a new thing that appeared the last decade but goes back hundreds of years . 
  growing up in the 90 's we often half-joked about how scania should be separated from the rest of sweden and given back to denmark , how scanians ( ? ), 
  were pretty much danish and so on . 
  the tower , rudder and propeller layouts are the most telling factors . 
  they did n't grab a propeller pic but the sonar image helped identifying it since the rudder is pretty unique . 
  it 's the baltic sea , it 's ecology is pretty shit . 
  also it has been reported by all the swedish media outlets that it is from ww1 with comments from various experts in the field . 
  the baltic sea is very good at preserving ships . 
  the 17th century wreck of the galleon wasa was in rather condition when found . 
  a dc-3 shot down by russia in the sixties was also found in rather good condition save for the crash damage . 
  a submarine would probably be in rather good condition . 
  it is most likely a sub that sank in 1916 , the cold war was far away . 
  more modern subs do n't have cyrillic letters , that seem to be more of an imperial russia thing . 
  for sweden i 'm thinking more about ice and snow , sometimes you have to plow through walls of snow and i doubt a computer can tell what it can and ca n't force . 
  not to mention the snow itself would cover all of the optics and why whatnot . 
  better get married then !, 
  well , they are on the ground so there 's that , slower as well . 
  i do n't see them happening for a long time where i live though so i ca n't really say how i feel . 
  if my job was to program auto landing systems i would not fly , ever . 
  / / programmer, 
  most swedes in norway does n't immigrate , they only live and work there for a period of time and then go back home . 
  if all swedish guest workers workers actually immigrated it would probably change the stats a great deal . 
  it 's not bikers today though , they 've gotten old and replaced by younger people from the poor areas just like last time a new generation took over the drug trade . 
  what did we win last time ? 
  did n't know we 'd won anything . 
  / r/swarje approves . 
  so just like in the biker wars then ... or any gang war for that matter . 
  still gangs selling drugs just like in the past , the members have a different ethnicity but essentially it 's the same deal . 
  easier access to weapons nowadays though . 
  edit typo . 
  russia has some assets further north than it otherwise would n't have if norway was n't in nato , especially to protect murmansk . 
  if sweden and finland would join they would provably move more troops and equipment north to potentially deal with finland . 
  read the article . 
  he basically says that he does n't consider sweden a threat today but if we were to join nato we would become a such . 
  he 's not wrong though honestly , russia would be expected to reallocate assets to deal with the new threat that we would pose . 
  radio isotopes ? 
  really ? 
  how accurate is that ? 
  will it be able to tell if i lived in senegal or gambia ? 
  you say you care about evidence yet consider diffuse tests as `` evidence '' , why not start measuring peoples skulls , cheekbones and whatnot while we 're at it ? 
  two sides of the same coin . 
  she 's first and foremost pragmatic . 
  if the people voting for her want marriage equality she 'll come around . 
  the us rarely back down from a good old military conflict , hot or cold . 
  nato wo n't do nothing , they ca n't or the entire alliance will collapse . 
  granted some core nations ( us , uk , canada etc ) could still remain loyal to each other but as you said , it 'd change the world dramatically . 
  but i 'm talking about hosting , i 'm talking about recieving . 
  the reason i used absolute numbers is that it says a lot since sweden is so small . 
  if we 're talking per capita numbers as we should since that makes more sense sweden will outmatch most almost any country save for countries like lebanon . 
  look at that graph and you 'll see in latvia for example they 've got a lot of non-eu citizens living in the country . 
  that 's probably russian workers and similar and not refugees which is what people usually refer to when talking about `` immigrants '' . 
  there are several kinds of migration flows and they ca n't be compared straight up which many people ignore when throwing numbers around . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/5173390/3-19062014-bp-en.pdf/5adae441-47f4-4669-b9a3-a44b29c64e24?version=1.0 on page 3 on that link for example you can see that sweden grants the most positive asylums in all of eu , more than germany which is a significantly larger country . 
  it 's also worth remembering that it 's the rate of immigration that the school system would have trouble dealing with and which leads to segregation , not total number of citizens with an immigration background over time . 
  that graph is n't even related at all . 
  immigrants in sweden are extensively granted a citizenship . 
  to be fair , sweden has taken in significantly more refrugees than any other eu country the last decade , in absolute numbers and that sats a lot considering it 's small population . 
  other countries school systems would probably behave differently with significantly increased immigrants as well . 
  `` cheap '' . 
  they still cost a fuckton to maintain and operate . 
  most swedes are still members of the swedish church , that 's where the numbers are from . 
  a census would definitely have shown more as `` no religion '', 
  depends on how many of the migrants that need to be rescued in relation to how many do n't need to be rescued and get to their destination as planned . 
  see sweden . 
  we stopped conscription several years ago but the military still does n't have enough hired people to fill the vacants meaning that a low number of soldier positions are already lower than than they should be . 
  except the parliament ca n't demand changes in the system , they can only choose if to build a house or not . 
  if they do n't want the house the architect will come back with another house and the parliament will have to decide if that is good enough . 
  sooner or later the parliament is going to really need that house/trans-atlantic-trade - agreement despite how shitty it may be . 
  they design it . 
  having the power to design something without onlookers is worth more than the power of saying yes and no to something . 
  they might include some not so popular things that would n't have been included if the parliament designed it . 
  if the parliament want anything from ttip they would have to include the bad things as well . 
  and so on . 
  why not ? 
  it 's carbon neutral in the end since the co2 released will be rebound when the trees are regrown . 
  granted there is a co2 defecit of 50-60 years but better than burning coal . 
  is n't this from the production of some dutch cop series ?
