  even gulenists nicknamed those army officers `` golden generation '' . 
  just one month before the coup attempt [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/gtjo4znx2pe ) video showed up in which osman \u00d6zsoy ( gulenist academician whom fled the country now ) explains how he wish he would have chosen to become a military officer so that he would be able to help more to his cause and how military coups are always executed at the friday nights . 
  that video is gem . 
  i wish i had an english translated version of it . 
  there were no secularists left in the army . 
  gulen locked up all the high ranking secularist turkish army officers prior to coup with staged cases like ergenekon and balyoz . 
  just because you hate erdogan does n't justify what gulen did . 
  bnd should get its shit together because this is really offensive for us secularists whom suffered in the gulenists ' hands for years . 
  bnd officers either have no idea what they are doing or they are lying on purpose . 
  before i am accused of being erdogan supporter , i would like to say that fuck erdogan but fuck gulen more . 
  not true . 
  i live in the aegean coast . 
  greek islands are literally couple of miles from here . 
  anybody can sail there with a makeshift boat . 
  also the natural flow of the refugees tend to be from turkey  europe . 
  so if turkey does n't prevent refugees from leaving , they can easily get to the greece in an hour . 
  i do n't know how you get the idea of the escorts or the approval but i have never seen anything like that . 
  crotia ( h\u0131rvatistan ) is `` stan '' too at least for us . 
  this is just tip of the iceberg . 
  you were exposed to this stupidity only for the several days . 
  oh boy , i was born in it , molded by it . 
  are we going to pretend they are n't turkish now ? 
  i am okay with that just asking . 
  it is n't a problem , even head of the state does n't follow the law in turkey . 
  shut up or they will burn the philippines flag . 
  last year they threw eggs to dutch consulate instead of the russian one . 
  they are visionary for sure . 
   kolskallar hahaha really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  but yeah exactly like that . 
  probably because dutch football team wears orange uniform so turkish commentators call them oranges ( portakal in turkish ) . 
  what about the villagers who burnt dollars to protest us ? 
  why netherlands needs the nato protection ? 
  you are n't close to russia or known enemy states . 
  what is that site ? 
  it is blocked in turkey . 
   ( the protection measure has been taken for this website ( nos.nl ) according to decision nr . 
  dated 20/12/2016 of `` ankara 3 . 
  sulh ceza hakimi\u011fi '' has been implemented by the information and communication technologies authority . ), 
  is this the new meme ? 
  i tried to say israel is n't a dictatorship despite bordering awful countries . 
  so this is no excuse for turkey . 
  israel did n't turn into dictatorship because they border awful countries . 
  what 's up with the serbia ? 
  is this really a fact ? 
  sound like propaganda . 
   his isis supporting army and this comment gets upvoted . 
  creators of the isis , blames the turkey once again . 
  you guys have no shame . 
  haha so what were you expecting turkey to do ? 
  attack bulgaria ? 
  i just ca n't take bulgaria seriously . 
  do you think i care about erdogan ? 
  do you think our grandfathers cared what vahdettin said or done in the great turkish war ? 
  if he talks about attacking turkey and turks then i obviously will defend my nation . 
  their defeat was so bad that they are still butthurt over it . 
  who is going to attack turkey ? 
  iraq ? 
  at best greece , bulgaria ( lol ) and armenia . 
  you already tried 100 years ago and failed miserably . 
  i would advise you stop playing eu4 so much . 
  do it and you will be crushed like the last time . 
  i still think it 's greece 's duty to check if incoming ships ( in this case refugees ) have the right documents to pass through . 
  i do n't know the laws exactly , but i do n't think turkish coast guards would stop yachts or other vessels from going out of turkey 's territorial waters so why bother with the refugees ? 
  even if turkey refused to stop the out going refugee boats , turkey still would be abiding the un laws . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  turkey is following the international law . 
  we are n't sending refugees to greece . 
  aegean sea is too big and costly for turkey to patrol without a deal with europe . 
  if the deal is off , why turkey should spent extra resources on this matter ? 
  regular turkish coast guards are already doing their duty but it 's not enough to block the refugees from crossing to greece . 
  also how turkey is not following the un laws , may i ask ? 
  british tourists are the best tourists . 
  maybe they act differently in other countries but in turkey they are the best . 
  of course turkey has responsibility in this war , i have never denied it . 
  on the other hand , most of the weapons and ammunition `` rebels '' had traveled through europe to turkey . 
  there are many european countries involved in the syria as much as turkey . 
  i do n't care which side they are funding or arming . 
  so if we were going to distribute the refugees to the countries according to that country 's involvement in the syrian civil war , then turkey 's share should n't be this big and eu 's share should n't be this small . 
  there is french sof currently inside the syrian land and french planes bombed syrian soil many times . 
  but turkish people pay for all of this . 
  * turks protect the border . 
  * turks build the refugee camps in the turkish land . 
  * turks are responsible for the refugees crossing to europe . 
  * if turks do n't stop the refugees , they are evil and should be sanctioned . 
  looks like we lose no matter what we do . 
  i do n't see the point of pleasing europeans . 
  i could have understood the eu 's anger towards turkey if turkey deliberately sent refugees to europe , but turkey does n't do that . 
  refugees want to go to europe . 
  it is the natural flow , we are n't pushing it . 
  why it should be turkey 's duty to protect eu 's borders ? 
  no no no !, 
  read my comments again please . 
  i have never said the solution was the ignoring isis . 
  i have said that erdogan 's policies led to this point . 
  meaning : if erdogan had not supplied the `` rebels '' in syria , isis would n't have been able to capture the power or the land mass they have captured today . 
  i am not interested in the current solution to the isis problem . 
  i am interested in : what made the isis this much powerful today ? 
  who ignored the thousands of isis sleeping cells in adiyaman , gazi antep , hatay during the isis 's rojava 2014 campaign ? 
  who referred to isis as `` couple of angry sunni teens '' ?
