wait , are n't you guys already h\u0131rvatistan ? 
  turkey is safe too when you do n't consider suicide bombings and entire eastern turkey , some parts of western turkey ah also do n't forget the southern turkey which is bordering with syria and of course northern turkey which is facing russia . 
  i do n't know but sweden , norway , denmark usually represent successful countries around the world . 
  suuuure . . 
  i did n't know russians had tow missiles . 
  interesting ... 
  wow so there are more corrupt countries than turkey i am amazed . 
  turkey totally deserved this . 
  expensive ... really expensive but beautiful people both inside and outside . 
  so it is even . 
  when i was a kid , georgian dancers ( children ) would come to my school every year to perform for the children 's day events . 
  their dance was amazing and girls were beautiful . 
  my whole school had a crush on those pretty girls . 
  did you just insult our supreme leader by misspelling his name on purpose ? 
  i want that kind of `` cleaning '' for the corrupt politicians . 
  send serbian police over here.my country need some cleaning too . 
  i love belgium and i would like to travel there again before i die . 
  do n't do this to me plx . 
  how does a greek remove a condom ? 
  he farts !, 
  why norwegians and danes make fun of sweden so much ? 
  my father did the same thing when i was a child . 
  there was another child , leo , who had german mother and turkish father and his parents did n't allow him to visit the mosque either . 
  so we just played soccer in the school 's backyard . 
  make it back czechoslovakia please , so we can use it in our longest turkish word : \u00e7ekoslavakyal\u0131la\u015ft\u0131ramad\u0131klar\u0131m\u0131zdan m\u0131s\u0131n\u0131z ? 
  chicken translation :  are you one of those people whom we unsuccessfully tried to make resemble the citizens of czechoslovakia ? 
  banning burkinis is a start . 
  who cares democracy when you have the world 's biggest airport . 
  take that europe and us ( aka enemy 's of the turkish democracy ) . 
  i briefly explained the law change here : https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yie7f/do_you_know_that_sweden_has_the_highest_rape_rate/d6o0xaf, 
  many pontic greeks still live in those areas . 
  they may be calling themselves turkish and they may be muslim but still they are greeks . 
  this is why many people in black sea region have white skin , blonde hair & blue eyes . 
  ~ ~ you started this at the first place . 
  european media have been making `` defamatory '' news and trying to demonize turkey from the day one . 
  first austria then sweden and germany ... 
  it is funny how clueless ( or biased ) you are . ~ ~ edit : i did n't read the above comment fully so i made a silly comment myself . 
  yeah but i expected european media to be better than the turkish media . 
  propaganda is used by europe effectively as well . 
  actually , i always thought european media was unbiased and objective until they started spreading false news targeting turkey . 
  now i understand the russians ' feelings towards european media . 
  finally , i have found a greek that refers the city as istanbul and not constantinople . 
   after the controversial law was passed , you are still out of the loop . 
  no controversial law was passed . 
  they are changing the law now so that a 17 years old boy having sex with 15 years old girl wo n't have the same punishment with the 40 years old man having sex with the 15 years old girl . 
  age of consent is still 18 . 
  geez is that so hard to read before commenting ? 
   it 's nice of hungary to be first to keep doors open for dictators germany , france , italy and many more europeans countries have been selling military supplies to dictators around the world for a decades now . 
  accusing hungary for having relations with the `` dictators '' is funny . 
   btw how does hungary deal with the issue of turkey helping isis ? 
  i amazed that turkey is still accused for helping isis while there is zero evidence that turkey ever did such a thing . 
  on the other hand , it is quite obvious who are the cause of isis 's growth and expansion yet nobody is blaming them . 
  also before pointing fingers at other countries , you should point your finger at your own country on the role of fighting terrorism . 
  your country is accused of smuggling weapons to middle east . 
  so romania helps isis ? 
  not true . 
  eyp organized the operation but they failed hard . 
  you can read it in the section `` what went wrong for the greeks ? '', 
  and yes i did read the report . 
  in fact i have read it many times . 
  burhan kuzu is a political clown . 
  he tweets then deletes what he say . 
  cia says the otherwise : https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol53no1/fiasco-in-nairobi.html, 
   in 1999 greece 's national intelligence agency ( eyp ) conducted a high-risk operation that ended in a debacle and strained its relations with the united states , turkey , and other nations . 
  the operation was an effort to transfer abdullah ocalan , the fugitive founding leader of the kurdistan workers party ( pkk ) , from greece to a country in africa to avoid his capture by turkish authorities . 
  from [ the cia ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol53no1/fiasco-in-nairobi.html ), 
  thanks to cia i guess . 
  if it was n't cia and mit tracking abdullah \u00d6calan he could have arrived in south africa where he would seek asylum . 
  i do n't know if greece contributed to process of abdullah \u00d6calan 's arrest but i doubt it because why shelter him at the first place ? 
  because greece never did shady things like sheltering abdullah \u00d6calan aka the leader of pkk which is recognized as terror organisation by the european union , right ? 
  how european of them , 
  what happens tell me ? 
  it is n't like turkey will abandon west . 
  russia and turkey 's relations were good before the syrian war and we need them but europe and us still have much more influence in turkey . 
  erdogan is an emotional man . 
  he did n't like the response he is getting from the west after coup . 
  i hate saying this but i kind a agree with him on this matter . 
  unfortunately , europe and usa failed to see what is happening in turkey . 
  turkish politics are extremely complicated and i did n't expect westerners to grasp it quickly but many western governments were quick to jump on the conclusions . 
  as a result , turkish public opinion on the usa and eu is shifting to negative side rapidly . 
  he is n't cypriot so he does n't care probably . 
  first of all , it is n't turkey 's responsibility to protect europe 's borders . 
  secondly , europe has enough power and resources to protect its borders . 
  thirdly , turkey is n't sending any immigrants on purpose . 
  i am not going to watch 3 million syrians flood in to my country while european countries threatens turkey . 
  let them go wherever they want . 
  yes they have ... 
  instead of commenting here you could have googled it and found out they had soldiers in syria . 
  i wo n't believe any of those threats until austria takes action . 
  a barking dog never bites ( which applies to turkey as well ) . 
  that 's false . 
  ypg has ties with the pkk . 
  this is turkey supports another kurdish force , peshermerga , in syria and iraq . 
  lol . 
  i just wanted to check whether you made your comment without having a proper knowledge on the matter . 
  the problem is that i am sick and tired of explaining this matter to people lack basic knowledge . 
  without knowing basic things like `` hizmet '' conversation will repeat itself . 
  also erdo\u011fan can go to hell , 
   there is no real evidence to tie gulen to the failed coup . 
  before i explain you why you are wrong , i would like to ask you a question if you allow me please .
