  could you please rate : * your knowledge of the `` hizmet '' ( the service ) . 
  * your knowledge of the internal issues of turkey . 
  ( 1 : i know nothing - 10 : i know everything ) also could you please tell me where you are from if it is n't too personal please ? 
  i do n't want to spent my time on a somebody who does n't have enough knowledge on those matters yet still makes comment about gulen . 
  europeans just watch this video to understand why gulen is so dangerous : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggvmcdqaxem ps : this video was recorded in the 90s . 
  it was leaked around 2000 . 
  also he is talking figuratively a lot so it may be hard to understand him . 
  the audience in the recorded video includes high ranking military officers , lawyers , judges , governors and even mps . 
   so many times . 
  2 times and in the both wars turks were fighting against balkans not only greece . 
  hmm ... you are spreading misinformation . 
  commander of the turkish air forces was also arrested whom had a power of giving order to shot down the russian jet . 
  also they put the turkish pilots on trial because they acted along with the coup leaders . 
  excuse me but your is comment is pure bullsh * t . what you are saying is waging a war against us . 
  who on earth would want something like that ? 
  nobody is going to do anything to us nukes or personel . 
   yeah but the us has withdrawn a lot of support because the rebels are too tainted with their associations with islamist groups . 
  they wo n't admit the rebels are totally hopeless to save face but i reckon they realise it . 
  us withdrawn its `` public '' support . 
  they are still supporting those rebels . 
  for example watch this video from 2:50 to see how us operates in jordan ( nsfw after couple of minutes ) : https://videopress.com/v/zfi1ol7w  well it ira were fighting a greater evil then it may just be a hard pill to swallow but the lesser evil overall . 
  hard to agree with you . 
  since you live in a relatively safe place to live , it may be easier for you to think like that however when anti-tank missiles starts to flying and killing your soldiers , nobody gives a shit about greater evil . 
   the islands ' 24,500 permanent residents have already complained of acute traffic problems , a severe shortage of waste disposal facilities and a lack of public toilets , with a small wood near one particularly popular mountain climb now known locally as the `` forest of shit '' . 
  `` forest of shit '' hahahah, 
   well turkey supported al-nursa that 's an al-queda affiliate i believe , powerful european countries and us supported those factions in syria as well . 
  the thing is , you do n't know who is al-nusra or who is fsa at that region . 
  they do n't have ids or uniforms . 
  most of the time they are switching sides on daily basis . 
  also i do n't think turkey 's support of factions in syria will affect europe at all . 
  however , europe 's support of ypg directly affected turkey . 
  let 's say , tomorrow turkey starts supplying ira with weapons , would you be happy ? 
  most of the refugees are unhappy in turkey also it is clear that turkey is unsafe for refugees to stay after bombings and coup attempt . 
  to make matters worse , turkish news channels ( not reliable imo ) are saying that europe wo n't pay the agreed money to turkey . 
  after all , turkey is n't as rich as or as powerful as europe which makes me wonder why they even need us to protect their borders ? 
  if they were dedicated to protecting their borders , they would do it without need of turkey . 
  nope . 
  european made milan anti-tank missiles used against turkish armored vehicles in eastern turkey . 
  sad thing is turkey warned germany about supplying ypg with anti-tanks . 
  russia is in the europe now ? 
   for which country would you say is an enemy of serbia ? 
  wow . 
  no turkey ? 
  / r/europe is going full retard . 
  from the wikileaks : https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:0usuhtd0ioqj:https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/06berlin889.html+&amp;cd=4&amp;hl=tr&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=tr search for `` fund raising '' . 
  well technically they are supporting a group which is recognized as terrorist organisation by the german government . 
  they are collecting money for the pkk openly in the streets of the munich . 
  maybe they are n't attacking and killing people in germany but they do it in turkey . 
  maybe because of the compulsory military service ? 
  they do n't pay shit for the conscripts . 
  wow . 
  chill bro . 
  germany does n't even do shit about pkk supporters let alone gulenists . 
  omg you greeks want everything . 
  i ca n't negotiate under these conditions . 
  yes everything in turkey used to be greek but if we give you constantinople then what is left to turkys ? 
  please be understandable . 
  my last offer thrace + hagia sophia + 300 sheeps . 
  not more not less . 
  okay i will give you thrace for the historic reasons . 
  also they look like greeks more than turks . 
  but constantinople ... no way ... 
  no.never . 
  you gib greece back . 
  turks came to germany in 1970s . 
  you ca n't blame merkel for that . 
  timur himself was n't a muslim and he deliberately attacked muslim countries . 
  purging of the 300 high ranking officers is enough for military to lose its functionality . 
  after all , those purged positions were filled by the gulenist whom were incompetent and did n't deserve that position at all . 
  oh because you have been living in the turkey right ? 
  you would know better than us turks lol . 
  just because erdogan created international drama does n't mean turkey 's worst days is here . 
  i am not going to explain it to you because you would n't understand anyways . 
  i am not supporting any claim . 
  i am believing what my eyes had seen . 
  i am % 100 sure that fetullah gulen or his supporters were behind the coup attempt . 
  let me tell you something , this is n't the turkey 's worst days . 
  turkey 's worst days were in 2012 , when gulen and erdogan were allies . 
  gulenists were holding the high ranking positions in every establishment except the army . 
  so they purged the whole military to free the positions for the gulenist officers . 
  it was all recorded and reported to the mit , military intelligence and other higher up chains . 
  we all knew this , whole turkey knew this . 
  it is n't easy for foreigners to grasp this because you did n't live through this hell period . 
  but we did and we know who is responsible for all of this . 
  please do n't come here and tell me that `` simple citizens '' like me can not know shit for sure . 
  yes i can , yes everybody living and lived in turkey can !, 
  and that greek analyst maybe right because political wing of the gulen movement was never revealed . 
  akp blocked the investigations for that part . 
  i think that investigation would have revealed that % 20 - % 30 akp mps were gulenists . 
  yeah i know but that 's how cocky they were before the coup attempt . 
  gulen 's involvement in the coup is undeniable . 
  gulen 's henchmen were found hiding in the armored vehicles of the coup plotters . 
  ( his name was mithat aynac\u0131 , he committed suicide after . ), 
  even if the gulen himself did n't ordered this coup , his followers did . 
  persecuted secularist military officers ( now released ) testified themselves that coup plotters were in fact gulen supporters and this fact was known for years . 
  gulenist military officers were flagged years before the military coup . 
  in fact a military persecutor ahmet zeki \u00dc\u00e7ok tried to open a case about gulen movement inside the army but he was arrested on the false charges and spent the next 3 years in jail ( now released ) . 
  before the erdogan 's rule there were many gulenist officers purged from the army thanks to military 's secular roots . 
  but since the akp 's reign , no gulenists were purged from the army . 
  military intelligence had reports from the 1980s about the possible gulen infiltration to the army and in the reports they listed many names whom eventually participated in the coup .
