  why turkey was involved in the oil trafficking from iraq and syria ? 
  and countless more ... 
  yeah and so what ? 
  all of the things you have written is the direct result of the things i listed above . 
  turkey should n't be in the syria at the first place . 
  destabilization of syria through supplying arms to `` moderate rebels '' . 
  bad foreign policy causing turkey to invade syria . 
  ignoring the isis threat when isis was attacking the rojava . 
  actions of course ... 
  he did n't mean akp or mit did it ... of course i , as a turkish citizen , will blame erdogan and his utterly terrible policies . 
  well i do n't like bashar al assad but i like this quote from him : `` terrorism is not a card you play and return to your pocket . 
  like scorpion , it stings you anytime . '', 
  turkish people have to endure all of this shit because erdogan 's failed policies . 
  he is % 100 responsible for this attack . 
  but world is a better place without some people in it . 
  look at my flag and guess a person that if ** he ** died , world would be less shitty place . 
  it is n't up to me . 
  clients decide the payment method . 
  * i do n't have free speech . 
  * government is ripping its citizens with high taxes . 
  we pay as much as norway but compared to them we do n't get much in return . 
  * corruption . 
  * there is a war going on the eastern turkey and everyday there is car bombs going off . 
  * i do n't feel safe when i am in public because of suicide bombers . 
  * turkish economy is crippling . 
  1 dolar is worth 3.5 turkish liras . 
  * paypal is banned so as a freelance worker i lost many job opportunities . 
  my quality of life is getting lower and lower everyday as a result of the factors i have listed above . 
  i do n't know mate . 
  it feels like living in the shithole right now . 
  every country is a shithole with shitholness levels ranging between 0 - 100 . 
  so for example , if we take finland as a base , meaning their shitholness is 0 , turkey 's is definetly higher than 70 . 
  we have car bombs going off daily in turkey . 
  you have to do better than that . 
  you forgot the `` nuking turkey '' and `` killing everybody in turkey '' options . 
  fair point . 
  what consequence will make the turkey worse shithole than it is right now ? 
  i voted `` no '' . 
  well isis has chosen antep as its pseudo turkish capital . 
  that should tell you something . 
  i wish he never went to antep . 
  i ca n't even live there let alone a guy from europe . 
  good for you . 
  i did n't feel safe one bit because of the constant fear of being mugged by the lovely people over there . 
  most of them did n't even speak french , so we got along well . 
  yeah , terrorists are n't going to disappear if you ignore them . 
  idealism did n't work out for the eu on the immigration crisis and wo n't work out for them on the matter of islam . 
  eu will destroy itself one way or another if they continue this way . 
  there is a significant population growing inside the eu whom disagree with the eu 's current politics . 
  i am sure le pen is n't hating eu out of no where . 
  if eu could adjust its politics accordingly to the current problems , she would be more than happy to stay in the eu . 
  isis is using the muslims in your country to destabilize your society . 
  that 's the reality . 
  ah also i remember the days when we were mocking iran and would say `` bro do you really compare iran to turkey ? '', 
  and now we are no better than them . 
  all because of islamic culture . 
  also france has immigration problem !, 
  do n't deny this . 
  for example , i felt so much safer in warsaw than in paris why is that ? 
  nationalism was born in france . 
  they are nationalistic people and nothing is wrong with that . 
  also how come le pen is a fascist ? 
  and why is that ? 
  france 's core values are poles apart from the islamic culture . 
  people voted for erdogan because he built roads , hospitals , turkey 's economy grew bla bla . 
  but turkey lost its core values and will probably never be able to recover from erdogan . 
  do n't you think your country is in danger because of mass immigration and terrorist attacks ? 
  do you feel safe when walking in the streets of paris ? 
  because i did n't and the problem was n't the native french people . 
  i do n't understand why this sub hates le pen . 
  france is shaken by the terrorist attacks and i am sure there is more to come . 
  france needs a drastic change . 
  give le pen a chance she has the right ideas imho . 
  ps : i know i will be downvoted to hell . 
  lmao talk about the turkish males . 
  since there is n't any visa requirement for ukraine , it is the only country many turkish males visit . 
  they come back and say shit like `` bro , you should have seen the girls ! '' . 
  i am sure they are causing a lot of trouble also . 
  i do n't think turkey had any of its tanks stolen . 
  couple of armored vehicles which are variant of otokar kobra were captured but other than never seen a turkish tank in the hands of isis . 
  erdogan is believed to have a georgian origin . 
  nope said the same thing since the 2010 . 
  remember the ergenekon ? 
  remember the best buddy fetullah ? 
  we voted against all of this yet the central anatolian mass fell for it . 
  i do n't like central anatolian islamists dictating my way of life . 
  they can live in sharia all they want in \u00c7orum , yozgat , konya etc. 
  which are basically shitholes of turkey . 
  no it 's not . 
  aegeans and central anatolians are two different kind of people . 
  we do n't get along well . 
  central anatolians keep calling us gavur ( infidel ) in a derogatory manner . 
  i feel much closer to greeks than the central anatolians who are hardcore islamists . 
  we need no voters in turkey . 
  if we all leave , who is going to save turkey ? 
  from the naz\u0131m hikmet 's poem : `` if i do n't burn if you do n't burn if we do n't burn how will the light vanquish the darkness ? '', 
  kick them to turkey , revoke their citizenships . 
  problem solved . 
  they are irrelevant . 
  i expected more from kurds .
