  iceland is around the size of ireland , so they 'd definitely need more than one . 
  more like small enough population . 
  primary surplus , but at what cost ? 
  getting a primary surplus is an immediate logical outcome of huge budget cuts and tax hikes . 
  `` working '' , to me , would mean sustainable economic growth and an improving quality of life . 
  both are probably on their way , even with austerity , but would any of the alternative methods have done better ? 
  in most european countries , harassing homosexuals is illegal regardless of religion . 
  imo it should be considered as a crime rather than a clash of cultures . 
  same goes for violations of women 's rights and religious freedom . 
  tbh , they have n't minded being a part of the most economically right-wing government since esko aho . 
  otoh , nordic countries have been predominantly run by left-wing governments for the better part of the last century and , well , statistics speak for themselves . 
  usa has more african influence than any european country . 
  we would n't have blues or jazz or any of the genres influenced by them ( the vast vast majority of modern genres ) if not for the african slaves . 
  so brazilian culture has no influences at all from africa ? 
   brazil  mostly european, 
  in america , sure . 
  usa is an example of a successful nation that is multicultural to the core . 
  the issue is , argentina did not accumulate any new debt between 2005 and 2014 * and * their economy grew faster than 5 % a year . 
  the issue was earlier mismanagement and debt accumulation ( which led to an enormous crisis , which in turn forced the government to debt restructuring and budget balancing ) . 
  so the moral issue is really , can we hold the current argentinian government and argentinian people accountable for what happened in the 80s and the 90s ? 
  not only those , but there 's always the infinitesimally small possibility ( which can be far greater for some other countries ) that your government decides to flat-out invade another country . 
  no matter the reason i 'm not invading estonia or even sweden or russia . 
  peacekeeping , by the way , should n't involve any fighting unless absolutely necessary . 
  in a peacekeeping mission , you are only allowed to use force to immediately protect the civilians of the country . 
  between 2005 and 2014 , argentina had a balanced budget and 5 % gdp growth . 
  what is happening now is that a bunch of american vulture funds have come back for the debt that they accumulated back when the country was a complete third world shithole ( they 're still corrupt , but nowhere near that extent ) . 
  now venezuela is on a completely different level . 
  the problem is , all of your neighbours save for switzerland ( that is fortified between the mountains and is never gon na come out ) are your allies . 
  the perceived threat of war in germany is really low because there 's friends whichever border you cross . 
  and even if russia were to attack , poland is there as your meat shield . 
  the op is really bad question btw , it does n't make any distinction whether your country is the attacker or being attacked . 
  if finland attacked any other country i sure as hell would n't fight . 
  fighting for your country only means participating in the defense in half of the cases . 
  that 's what the americans think when they hear `` war '' . 
  america in its current form has n't experienced war in the same way european countries have . 
  the only direct attacks against usa have been minor terror strikes , 9/11 , and pearl harbour . 
  none of those directly touched the general population , but the ensued sentiment that ( especially conservative ) americans feel against terrorism is strong . 
  the lack of a historical connection to war , coupled with this sentiment , might be why americans are more willing to go to war than the brits or the french . 
  really depends on the justifications of said war . 
  russia attacks finland ? 
  yes . 
  the finnish government ( which is almost as conservative as it gets already ) decides that estonians are subjugated finns ? 
  hell no . 
  also , a considerable portion of our males would end up either dead , disabled , or with ptsd ( and the induced alcoholism , criminal activity , broken family , drug addiction , insomnia or whatever ) even if we somehow won . 
  if an economic crisis is enough to create a `` lost generation '' , you have n't seen what a war can do . 
  [ a set of jumper cables . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/rogersimon10 ), 
  there are so many different types of members though . 
  uk : we are a relevant world power with nuclear weapons and a mighty navy . 
  the leash and the treats with the american flags here are nothing of importance , we totally make our decisions independently of our former colonies . 
  fraternit\u00e9 !, 
  screw amerique , screw collaboration , we do our own operations with our own army !, 
  we also ` ave nuclear weapons and spend a lot !, 
  germany : what do you mean not pulling our own weight ? 
  our army is totally dependable and we spend more than enough as a portion of gdp , thank you . 
  the american bases here are purely symbolic . 
  * ( although this is apparently changing ) * poland : kurwa we kick filthy russian ass with based jan pawel statue catholic defense system , also america rules greece : while the budget cuts on the less important stuff like social security and infrastructure were necessary , it is vital to keep spending huge amounts of money on an inefficient military force in order to eliminate the threat of turkey , a fellow nato member . 
  that 's a very specific question , though . 
  i bet my ass that the majority wo n't want it if you just ask them whether finland should join nato . 
  strong regimes , no matter how authoritarian , are often good for the stability and hence the investment prospects . 
  the stability point can be evidenced by a more extreme example : saddam hussein was a goddamn nasty dictator , but without his regime , we saw a lot of isises and other extremist groups pop up as the `` nation '' ( which ultimately was nothing more than western-designed arbitrary borders for a collection of different , conflicting ethnicities ) descended into chaos . 
  it 's still costing the us a shit ton of money to even try to stabilize what they caused . 
  same here in the north with the exception of denmark , where the consumption of marijuana is decriminalized but you still ca n't legally buy or possess it outside of christiania . 
  ( iirc ) the interesting side-effect of this is that you can have a joint as long as it is burning , since that counts as consumption not possession . 
  gay marriage was legalized in other nordic countries pretty early , finland is the exception . 
  the thing about the nordics is that the region as a whole has very little polarized debate like you do in other countries ; there is a sort of a consensus about the liberal values , and the opposition to the ( sometimes slow ) social progress is either mild or marginal . 
  the mainstream media and political culture is not nearly as divided as it is in usa , uk , or france . 
  halal meat tastes the same as any other type of meat . 
  if the most efficient way to provide the muslim pupils with halal is to give it to everybody , rather than making special dishes ( which is likely if a large portion of them are muslims ) , i 'm not complaining . 
  the production method of halal meat is still unethical imo , but that wo n't affect this opinion . 
  did you even read either of the comments ? 
  the point is , you can have your own culture and eat whatever the fuck you want , as long as you are in compliance of the nation 's laws . 
  a person who does not respect women 's rights or circumcises his daughter or acts against the nation 's military during war will be arrested because it is * illegal * , not because of cultural reasons . 
  even if he thinks everybody else is a heathen , he is allowed to do so since we have free speech here . 
  as long as he wo n't do anything illegal because of it . 
  his point was that immigrants should integrate to the exact degree where they can function in the societal framework . 
  cultural assimilation , on the other hand , is not desirable unless some aspect of the culture truly prevents a person from being productive to the society . 
  in other words : they can have their mosques , they can have their halal meat ( yes , schools can and should offer options for kids with religious or moral eating principles to a reasonable extent ) . 
  but genital mutilation of kids and arranged marriages between adults and minors should be prosecuted , since they are illegal and wrong in europe . 
  it 's all the reserves and the backup reserves combined . 
  the active army is way smaller at 16k men , and the full primary reserve is around 300k strong . 
  we have a mass army and not a professional one , if we did n't have enough equipment it just would n't work . 
  the `` latest hardware '' might not be as new as in some countries with professional armies , and we might not have a comparably large number of vehicles or artillery , but damn yes do we have uniforms and assault rifles for everybody . 
  also this map contradicts almost all other charts i 've seen , france usually has between 10 and 17 percent obesity in those . 
  ** aino ** , though very common , is a beauty of a female name . 
  it 's a slightly altered version of `` ainoa '' , or `` the only one '' , and it just sounds so fluent and airy . 
  except that uk wo n't have a say on it either way because it 's an eurozone matter . 
  uk would have to join the euro if it wanted to have that power . 
  finland too seems to be getting a conservative government , as the 3 largest conservative parties ( with 17-21 percent of the votes each ) are in the process of negotiating . 
  that is a factor , but not nearly as important as the speculation on the housing prices . 
  people using housing as a means of monetary investment needs to stop . 
  germany is a good example : they get loads of immigrants too but the prices stay agreeable , since everybody lives on rent and people do n't speculate on the prices . 
  france too has a similar system, 
  and uk has nothing to do with it , since it 's eurozone matters . 
  they do n't have any say in it . 
  another scottish referendum now seems far more likely in the next 10 years . 
  and if it is n't ( lib dems and especially ukip ) , then you get below 10 seats even with 10 % support . 
  for fuck 's sake , it 's theoretically possible to get no seats with 49.99 % of the votes . 
  the system is broken . 
  well , it really does appear that fptp is `` broke '' from an outsider 's perspective .
