  unemployment rates come from the number of the jobless active workforce , i.e. 
  those looking for a job . 
  for example students and the early retired are counted as neither employed nor unemployed . 
  however , because of systemic differences , the rates are n't directly comparable . 
  so you 're right on that point . 
  the problem is , england already has a comparable density to the netherlands . 
  to even things out , immigration should be directed towards rural scotland or wales instead ; but ( surprise surprise ) they prefer settling in the existing population centres . 
  it 's scary to see the exact same things happening in france with fn and ump . 
  especially when the two countries are supposed to overtake germany 's population and economy in a matter of decades . 
  this is going to be just another multinational european defense force . 
  there are others out there where france , italy etc. 
  are more heavily invested . 
  damn that one commando got ta be good , is he the guy riding the bike or the gunner ? 
  i think the `` weakness '' is more about the lack of common defense policies . 
  the eu would be easily the 2nd largest military might of the world , ( it is already the largest economic power ) if it only had a clear direction . 
  perfectly obvious ? 
  that would be quite the conspiracy . 
  this is how warfare works in this century . 
  no more declarations of war or massive land invasions . 
  you could embed `` stabby stabby , christians '' in the second asscreed image , and people would go apeshit . 
  of course it is hate speech if you add hateful context . 
  like the `` artist '' we are talking about did . 
  [ even wikipedia says it 's a hill ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ), 
  think hard . 
  which one could it be ? 
  the countries mostly lack the means of such mass publication , and nobody trusts the local regimes enough to believe them over the bling-bling smugglers who promise a safe boat trip to the paradise on earth . 
  the smugglers are one thing . 
  they make a big money out of lying to the weak and the poor . 
  homma-foorumi is leaking again ... 
  would have worked better with `` jokes '' instead of police . 
  and the daily stormfront brigade . 
  it seemed like valio was trying to smoke its competition out of the market . 
  the prices were deemed aggressive , not just competitive . 
  we have the exact same situation in finland . 
  an oligopoly with no external threats . 
  and if they try and lower their prices , the others will sue them for overly aggressive pricing ( happened to valio , the milk producer , a year back ), 
  swedish is not only commonly spoken here , it 's an official language as well . 
  fennoswedish ( finlandssvenska ) is very distinct from `` mainland swedish '' ( rikssvenska ) and its speakers form the largest minority of finland . 
  most finnish cities have swedish names and most roadsigns are written in both swedish and finnish . 
  the president gives his speeches in both languages and swedish is compulsory in the middle school for all kids . 
  finland . 
  not `` finland '' like in some barbaric tongues . 
  a global superpower that would be based on european values and defend european interests . 
  if you think accepting hundreds of thousands of jewish ( and other ) refugees is `` not getting involved '' , you would still be wrong . 
  to put this in perspective , poland 's population is about 38 million . 
  spain has 45 million inhabitants and italy has 60 million . 
  ah , so it seems . 
  my bad . 
  tbh , i think tgv is the closest thing france has to ic . 
  ter is more like the regional train than ic . 
  yes , it is high speed . 
  finland only gets 220 km/h ( although that 's for almost all of the trip ), 
  yeah , especially germany and austria ( 3rd and 4th highest on the chart ) ... no , this chart does not correlate at all with the unemployment rates . 
  this is the right way . 
  too many butthurt-filled threads on / r/food about the subject . 
  he 's white ? 
  that 's why the `` ceteris paribus '' , `` all other things equal '' . 
  however , i think it 's even somewhat appropriate in this case as the private water distributors do n't use their profits in building the infrastructure ( the state did it already ) and there 's no real competition to speak of . 
  in addition to covering the costs , a private company needs to turn in a profit . 
  hence , ** ceteris paribus , ** private services will cost more to the citizen than public services . 
  because everybody in gaza is literally an antisemitic terrorist and this * humanitarian aid * is for buying rockets and guns ? 
  i see . 
  upscale apartments with blazing fast internet speeds , bling-bling gypsy villages , and piss-poor countryside . 
  alright , estonia * is * ahead of finland . 
  if only we could see past the monthly tallinn vodka frenzy ... 
  i 've actually had mainly good experiences with parisian taxis , am i weird ? 
  the separatists posted about capturing buks from the ukrainian army a month ago , so these missiles probably did n't come from russia . 
  they are the only aa weapons in ukraine that are capable of hitting a target from 6 + km away . 
  and by seizing an aa stockpile from the ukrainian army , which is what most likely happened in this case . 
  not for long , though . 
  the frogs have grander plans . 
  also , it 's a motherfucking badass * dam * . 
  that 's a lot of immigration . 
  even finnish has a literal translation of that with the exact same meaning : nauraa partaansa, 
  op said eurostat , so i assume it 's theirs . 
  they might use a different definition of unemployment than bundesagentur . 
  about 10 km/h of additional headroom before fines become probable , at least in finland . 
  not that strict . 
  finland used to celebrate a similar harvest festival called `` kekri '', 
  populations could vary from 30-80 million people . 
  maybe grossdeutschland , british isles , benelux , france , italy , iberian peninsula , 2004 expansion minus the baltics , nordics + baltics , and 2007-now expansions . 
  we need to make a new glorious multicultural capital . 
  people would migrate there from all over the eu , and everybody would speak latin or esperanto . 
  business opportunities for all of europe , new and innovative architecture , millions and millions of europeans . 
  usse , united socialdemocratic states of europe, 
  finland here , can confirm . 
  we call it salmiakki . 
  also , as a finnish specialty , we make it in powder form . 
  the powder is goddamn spicy , just 99 % ammonium chloride . 
  tyrkisk peber is that in a hard candy shell , mixed with salt and pepper . 
  not at all . 
  i had no idea what fromage blanc or flammenkueche were before i visited france . 
  a lot of your best desserts ( like iles flottantes ) are relatively unknown too . 
  the french kitchen has so much to offer that not all of it has even gotten famous . 
  besides , you guys casually eat some moroccan or algerian plates that are unknown in the rest of europe . 
  the mahgrebin influence has n't penetrated the rest of europe as well . 
  is this your version of the fried leftovers dish ? 
  goddamn that looks delicious . 
  in finland we fry bits of potatoes , bits of sausages , onion , and potentially something else , and eat it with ketchup . 
  it 's almost fast food , just not served at very many places .
