  france and us are very guilty of this too , of course . 
  or then you can invest in high tech and automation infrastructure alongside reducing the work hours , leading to a workforce that is equally productive and happier than the competitors . 
  and please locate greece on the op chart and blame their low working hours again . 
  a bigger problem with greece is , an employer can just fire you and hire somebody from the huge pool of unemployed workforce if you refuse to work less than [ a gigantic fuckton of ] hours . 
  jobs are scarce , have an incredibly low productivity ( and wages ) due to the lack of sectors like high tech , and there are thousands who would die to have yours no matter how bad the conditions are . 
  if some linux project ( or , mind you , the kernel itself ) had malicious programming on it , literally anybody with the prerequisite skills could find and report it by inspecting the code . 
  this is not possible in closed-source environments like microsoft 's ; nobody outside the windows dev team ever gets to see the uncompiled code . 
  ( how it works : it is not possible to see the original code in computer programs . 
  the code that is included in . exe files , and equivalent file types , is `` compiled '' , i.e. 
  run through a program that turns the legible programming language into barebones instruction sets for the computer . 
  compiling can be * sorta * reversed , but the de-compiled code will not include any of the comments or structuring that programmers use to organize their work ; it is extremely difficult to try to figure out what de-compiled code does . 
  in open-source projects , the original code is published on the internet . ), 
  i find some parallels between favoring open-source developing and `` fair trade '' or organic food . 
  open-source is the more ethical and the more sustainable way to do it , but restricting your diet can limit your options . 
  for example , there are no serious open-source audio editing programs . 
  in practice , linux systems tend to have fewer bugs/crashes than windows , and they can also run a lot better on older computers . 
  i use xubuntu on my old laptop simply because it runs so much better than the vista it came with . 
  programs are easily available on a single centralized location , and even if they are n't there , none of them ask you to install ask toolbar because the install is done via command lines . 
  you absolutely do n't * need * to do anything that is only possible through linux ( or other open-source kernels ) . 
  the question is what you * want * to do , and who you want to support with your choice of os . 
  the user has less control over his os than on linux , also the closed-sourcedness means that ms could theoretically have all sorts of spyware and malicious code hidden there without anyone noticing . 
  linux is based on several independent developers and open-source projects around the world ; if you do n't like , for instance , the way the desktop looks , you can just find a project that pleases you more and install that . 
  it 's a philosophy as much as it 's an operating system . 
  it 's about the strong # and the relatively low taxes ( this is net wage ), 
  no way finland would exit . 
  we have only one remotely anti-eu party in the country , all the others ( 83 % of the voters ) are overwhelmingly supportive of it . 
  what about the president vs parliament ( as the entity by whom the government gets its mandate ) ? 
  because that 's the proper definition of a parliamentary republic . 
  i , for one , detest the idea of a near-omnipotent president . 
  also , at least in finland , the pension funds are expected to cover almost all of the expemses either way . 
  around 2030 ? 
  unless your country had a baby boom in the 60s and the 70s , the baby boomers will have started dying out by then . 
  the people born between 1945-50 will be what , 80-85 years old , and i expect the average lifetime to be at most 85 years in 2030 ; around half of the problem is already gone at that point . 
  it 's the preceding 15-20 years that is going to cause the most harm . 
  `` liberal '' as in economic liberal or `` liberal '' as in socially liberal ? 
  there 's a big difference there . 
  you can also refer to liberals as `` the ones who favor the liberal theory of international relations '' ( the eu is usually seen as the strongest player in this camp ) ; classically liberal theorists think that democracy and free markets cure war and inequality , that nation-states are secondary to a global market , and that the need of military power has diminished greatly . 
  the referendum would n't pass anyway unless putin himself lays claim on finnish karelia , so nope . 
  also , our liberal parties ' support is lower as all 3 largest parties are socially conservative at the moment , and even the smaller liberal parties are n't doing that well . 
  i love britain so much i 'd rather see two of them . 
  see , it works !, 
  it actually sorta works in belarus , because you are guaranteed a ( very shitty ) public sector job if you just go to a job center . 
  if you do n't go to the job center , then you are intentionally unemployed and they assume you can afford the tax . 
  this is somewhat similar to how it worked in the ussr . 
  that could actually be a bit closer . 
  did n't think of that word . 
  it 's pronounced like the `` a '' in `` mall '' . 
  sparse population does n't help at all unless all of it can be used for renewable energy . 
  sparse population means that you have to drive everywhere and that infrastructure costs a lot more to build/maintain . 
  which is why i 'm positively surprised by norway . 
  peat has never been regarded as a carbon-neutral source by anybody here , and in no way do drained peatlands constitute a major forestry area ( although sadly , this does happen ) . 
  yes , but the tree absorbed it over the last 50-100 years so it is effectively a part of he same circulation ; also , the tree would decompose anyways and release nearly the same amount of co2 , so we are just changing the way it is released . 
  the oil , otoh , releases carbon that has n't been in the system for 50-100 million years and has no place here . 
  oh but it definitely has , as far as traditional military conflicts go . 
  and even other types of interstate conflicts . 
  isolated strikes and non-state actors otoh wo n't be deterred with any amount of military spending . 
  saunalahti , with a campaign price ( normally 40 $ ) . 
  but it seems like they have some sort of a campaign going on at all times . 
  germany is in the middle of the eu , surrounded by friends . 
  it wo n't have to fight as long as its neighbours have credible defense systems . 
  however , it 's for the common good if germany creates a capable military branch that would be located in say poland or baltics . 
  no need to have many troops in a country that will never be attacked . 
  and either way , if you want to defend your interests with military force , you should place your tanks in the baltics and poland and * not * germany . 
  germany is in the middle of the eu , surrounded by friends , and the last place that will get attacked in any war . 
  no one has attacked them in a traditional , military fashion in 74 years , because that would be just stupid . 
  however , the changing nature of warfare has made decentralized , smaller-scale strikes ( not necessarily terrorism , although that is often the case ) the main external security threat to all western countries . 
  these types of strikes are difficult to prepare for , because individual attacks can not be prevented by the navy or the marines or any other traditional military organ . 
  and even full-on police states have not been successful in preventing these attacks . 
  the rules might be different for prepaids ? 
  afaik you can get a cheap prepaid phone pretty much anywhere . 
  30 $ / month and unlimited everything at lte speeds . 
  the swedish welfare state is very decentralized , with municipalities covering the vast majority of costs . 
  additionally , the figure he 's using only discusses what the central government uses for some specific types of support . 
  just including the municipal contributions towards the same programs would lead to a vastly different picture . 
  oh yeah , and he misunderstood the spending towards immigration as well . 
  the budget is * proposed * to double * to * 150 bln in those years , not double by 150 bln . 
  the figures are not final , unlikely to pass , and half of what he 's saying . 
  erdogan has attached a generator to atat\u00fcrk 's body , which he is now using for infinite energy . 
  was n't twice , also norway 's currency is much weaker because of falling oil prices right now . 
  not as much as the ruble or even cad , but it 's still fallen a bit . 
  sweden is growing much faster , though . 
  denmark is stagnating for a bit , although not as bad as we do . 
  they are slightly more egalitarian ( not that it would mean much in that part of the world ) - the wealth is n't only visible in city centers but it 's spread out a bit more , so that for example the countryside does n't look completely run down . 
  for the swiss . 
  finland is supposed to be a very expensive country , it 's certainly more expensive than nl especially when it comes to food . 
  i still felt poor as hell in geneva . 
  they do n't guarantee anything regardless . 
  they just promise a given speed range in advertisements , if they do n't meet it at all then it 's on the customers and journalists to make an outrage . 
  they are . 
  without them , the overall tax rate would only be 22.5 % of gdp . 
  that has nothing to do with the costs . 
  do you think that our free nordic universities just let everybody in ? 
  the amount of people getting in stays the same regardless , there 's just more applicants so the admission criteria are tighter ( and consequently the admitted students are better ) . 
  islam , southeastern grudges , and the big boys ' desire to keep all of the power to themselves . 
  you are talking about the eurozone ? 
  the eu membership did not hinge on financial issues , otherwise romania , bulgaria , and croatia would not be in . 
  eu is a regional organization and it 's not supposed to be inclusive or impartial . 
  un accepted saudis there because it is supposed to encourage progress and prevent feelings of alienation by other `` backwards '' countries - if they felt alienated by the western human rights agenda , they could potentially regress even further . 
  at least now they are in the same discussion tables with the progressive countries ( i still disagree with the decision ) . 
  eu has no such need for making turkey their friend .
