  we already let the parliament decide on what crimes are punished more heavily than others , and the intention also plays a role on the severity of the legal consequences as it is . 
  btw , good that you keep on arguing despite the downvotes . 
  this is not an immediately obvious case of right/wrong , although other comments might have implied that . 
  uk is officially nimby : the country . 
  why do you wear pants if you have nothing to hide ? 
  now if somebody would tell the investors that ... 
  depends on the flight . 
  wifi is there always , but for example my copenhagen flights half a year back did n't have baggage included . 
  they 're a very good airline , but they also cut a lot of corners where they can . 
  just never from the important parts . 
  still disappointed that piccadilly circus is n't an actual circus . 
  not considering being a housewife as work is a modern thing . 
  the forms of labor that women did before industrialization are n't radically different from what housewives started doing after it . 
  ( as you can see by applying hume 's law , this comment does not support these gender roles ), 
  there 's no national law on gay marriage in italy , it 's basically for the local authorities to decide . 
  unless you 're in a particularly liberal town , it effectively means that it is n't allowed - technically they could still sneak it in . 
  many sites allow for a similar trick but with different means , this exact script probably does n't work for other sites because of the variable names . 
  paywalls are usually built so that you can bypass them with a bit of effort . 
  know how when you hover the mouse around the reply button here , the browser hints `` javascript : void ( 0 ) '' ? 
  the browser treats pieces of javascript in a similar way it treats links . 
  you can run whatever javascript code the website has configured by either clicking on `` links '' on the webpage or by writing it in the url bar . 
  know what cookies are ? 
  they are effectively the website 's way of remembering who you are . 
  cookies might for example contain your login info , so that you stay logged in even when you load a different page from the site . 
  the script uses javascript to give the website the cookies that disable the paywall , and then reloads the page . 
  the cookies are normally only enabled when logged in with a paid account , but the paywall is weak so it allows for people to manually enable them regardless . 
  i 've understood that the paywalls are usually weak on purpose - the people with this know-how are rare , many want to support the website regardless of being able to bypass it , and it 's still slightly inconvenient to have to bypass the paywall separately . 
  just economist , as far as i know . 
  it 's possible that some sites would have a similar method but the variables ec_paywall_limit and ec_limit would likely have different names . 
  they only came up with the first version of the scientific method , made the first remotely accurate theories in physics , found a whole lot of previously unknown stars , built great architecture and infrastructure , came up with a lot of new inventions and philosophy , et cetera et cetera . 
  it 's unfathomably ignorant to think that they were just stagnating with the hellenic remains - in general , the greek inventions are overblown in europe anyways . 
  the persians already had a clear technological superiority over any greek city state , outside of some very specific fields - they had steel , sewage . 
  i would say that most of the technological progress that the ottomans had in their hands before their golden age was in fact persian and not hellenic or even chinese . 
  no , the stagnation started around the late 1500s when the renaissance kickstarted new european civilizations . 
  before that , the ottoman empire was more wealthy and advanced than any large european power . 
  not at all . 
  they have similar views ( from a value standpoint ) as most centre-right european parliament parties , which is the best reference point for anything related to europe . 
  it 's only minor things like legalization of drugs or some minor , politically martian but economically sensible policies where they differ . 
  to avoid economist 's paywall : 1 . 
  bookmark this script first , name it `` economist paywall avoider '' or something to remember what it does javascript : void ( document.cookie = `` ec_limit = '' ) ; void ( document.cookie = `` ec_paywall_limit = '' ) ; location.reload ( true ) ; 2 . 
  open the article , when you see the paywall click the bookmark . 
  it should go straight to the article . 
  i would credit the redditor who found this but ca n't remember his name . 
  i 've got the impression that this is just what the logging lobbyists say . 
  from another comment :  phd przemys\u0142aw chylarecki , biologist , says that the proposed extermination of woodworms by logging operation is irrational and requires cutting down of up to 80 % of trees in the bialowieza forest . 
  przemys\u0142aw chylarecki , biolog  faculty of biology and earth sciences at jagiellonian university ( cracow ) and faculty of biology at university of warsaw , states that bialowieza forest is unique and human intervention into ecosystem should be minimised . 
  periodical dying of trees is a natural phenomenon and is a part of the life-cycle of the primeval forest . 
  good job op , you had the chance of turning this into a massive clickbait but included the answer to the question !, 
  i appreciate taking the time combatting the worst of internet journalism . 
   if us could safely execute `` iraqi plan '' in russia then they would have by now for all his destructive geopolitics , putin is not a genocidal maniac like saddam and even his worst opponents do n't try to connect him to anti-western terrorism . 
  there are several actual cartoonishly evil dictators out there , many of whom are easier to deal with than putin , but america does n't topple any of them either . 
  plus , many republicans ( the ones who got usa into iraq in the first place ) actually quite like putin these days . 
  the arguments that usa has invaded nations etc. 
  are valid reasons why usa is not a saint , but they 're worth nothing if they 're used as justifications for russian aggression ( as putin uses them ) . 
  it 's called whataboutism , and it 's a classical logical fallacy . 
  but then again , eating more protein and vitamins and normal sports nutrients also allows you to train more . 
  you have to make a treshold somewhere , and the question is not about the nature of the effects but their strength . 
  insecure means being afraid of something . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` giving up their masculinity '' , but the point is that you are n't afraid of wearing a dress because you think everybody will see you a girl . 
  some of the most secure ( and not at all feminist ) dudes i know are completely okay with wearing high heels and dresses as a joke at parties , because they 're not overly sensitive about looking masculine 100 % of the time . 
  the more insecure people , on the other hand , have an `` eww '' reaction * because they fear that they wo n't look masculine enough * . 
  they fear that they stop being men the second they look like something else . 
  similarly , cultural insecurity is fear that your culture will lose ; cultural security is being okay with watching an american tv show once in a while because you know your culture will be there tomorrow regardless of what others think . 
  the thing is , most french people are actually ok with all this . 
  it 's the insecure old men at academie who try to nanny their culture from foreign influences , and guess what ? 
  nobody cares about them . 
  people use anglisms and watch american tv all the time in france . 
  and guess what ? 
  they still hate the brits just as much , they still prefer strong cheeses to kraft singles , they still prefer natural bodies and delicate features to spray tan , bleached teeth , and butt implants . 
  if anything has harmed the french culture , it 's the insecure academie shoving contrived french equivalents to every word down people 's throats and the state trying to prevent people from accessing the content they do n't like . 
  foreign culture and people is like teenagers and porn - if you do n't let them watch it , they 'll want it twice as much . 
  keep in mind that the issue of low ifs is entirely self-perpetuated . 
  if more people published their research in open access journals , more people would also cite them . 
  because universities pay for the subscriptions , researchers do n't shoulder the cost of closed access themselves which also contributes to the problem . 
  not sure if this is true . 
  i could n't find very high quality sources about all phds , but at least univ. 
  of kent had [ this ] ( https://www.kent.ac.uk/careers/pics/phd-destinations-pie.jpg ) distribution for their phds , and [ this ] ( http://sciblogs.co.nz/app/uploads/2010/09/phd-science-careers.png ) figure would show that 16.8 percent of phds work at academia ( of which 1.8 are professors and the rest are permanent research staff ) . 
  thanks !, 
  sort of , but you need to jump through the internship loophole . 
  it will largely extend to the rest of employees with the new labor law though ( the one that everybody 's protesting atm ), 
  they sent 100 officials for an unappointed audit , as a part of an ongoing tax fraud investigation . 
  note tax fraud , not avoidance , unlike the article implied . 
  how is that at all similar to breaking their property or threatening them ? 
  `` raid '' was a terrible choice of words . 
  they are n't breaking computers or stealing company secrets , they just sent an army of accountants for a surprise audit . 
  which is completely legal when you suspect a company of tax fraud . 
  the article is terrible , google is being accused of * illegal * tax fraud and the investigation is about whether google 's paris hq counts as a `` stable establishment '' , which google claimed it is n't . 
  also , a related investigation is going on about whether countries striking individual tax deals with companies is against eu law ( it could count as an illegal subsidy ) . 
  tell that to the far left and they 'll punch you . 
  everybody thinks he 's a neoliberal capitalist shill . 
  his newspapers ( sun , daily mail ) are flat out leave propaganda though . 
  they 're also against abortions and want christianity to be taught at schools . 
  well , the finns and pis and fn are all left of center economically . 
  all of them oppose economic liberalism \u00e0 la emu or ttip and support more government spending and social programs . 
  the issue is that countries trying to solve the problem without coordination just dump it on everybody else . 
  it is exactly the lack of an eu wide response that sent so many migrants roaming europe in hopes of a country that would offer asylum . 
  individual countries trying to solve issues individually might help them temporarily , but leads to chaos elsewhere . 
  does n't hofer even believe in fucking chemtrails ? 
  i 'm not going to debate the first part of your comment because 1 ) it is utterly redundant for the discussion and 2 ) you seem to have fundamentally misunderstood the whole topic . 
  so , the bell curve .
