   school results dropping like rocks this has more to do with the utter failure of the mid-2000s school reform than immigration . 
  even if every new immigrant pupil got a score of 0 from the pisa test , the results would n't have dropped anywhere near as they did . 
  another piece of evidence is that the results have fallen steadily since about 2005 , and were previously stable . 
  that 's what 's actually happening . 
  the government is enacting cuts in our education budget , social safety network , and infrastructure ; the pensions got cut by a tiny bit and the military is magically saved from any cuts ( the defense budget will actually get raises ) . 
  yea boi , like greece but far less severe overall , and more hypocrisy in the distribution of cuts . 
  the crisis in the early 90s was attempted to solve with cuts ( they did n't work , surprise surprise ) but then the currency was devalued , and the cheap exports plus the budding it sector and nokia came to the rescue . 
  finland , at least , would be incredibly boring without kebab places , pizzerias , and chinese restaurants . 
  do n't know about poland ofc . 
  i suppose by making their kids attend local schools , and applying for jobs and mortgages for the houses . 
  every country in europe hates its train service , mark my words . 
  your trains do n't get stuck in the snow or eastern european goat poop . 
  german trains are among the best in the world . 
  what that really means is that other countries have it worse , not that you would be perfectly happy with it . 
  looks great !, 
  based dutch infrastructure is at work again . 
  we do n't like our mandatory service , but rather see it as the only viable option for a small neutral country next to russia . 
  if we joined nato or a possible european army ( we like neither , it seems ) , i 'm sure most people would be okay with dismantling the mandatory service as the allies would more than compensate for the manpower . 
  by the way , another interesting stereotype is the slow one . 
  for some reason , we like to think of ourselves as the * fastest * nation on earth ( mainly because of h\u00e4kkinen & r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen ), 
  2011 6-1 granlund perkele never forget den glider in motherfuckers poika saunoo, 
  in finland , most cities have a small grid in the `` downtown '' area . 
  helsinki has two !, 
  this is mostly due to the fact that almost all urban development here is less than 150 years old , and the city centers were planned by idealist russian imperialists . 
  none of those is as large as the one in bcn , of course , and no city has a large-scale grid planning like chicago or the entire midwest . 
  halal is still halal if anaesthetics are used . 
  i do n't know about kosher though . 
  halal is still halal if the animal is knocked out beforehand . 
  there is no need for unnecessary suffering , even with that method ; in fact , a large portion of the european halal slaughters involve anaesthetics anyways . 
  what is banned in denmark is not using anaesthetics . 
  maaemo means something along the lines of `` mother nature '' , just fyi . 
  but ai n't slowness of adaptation a pretty logical consequence of letting 40 grandfather-aged people ( who are appointed for life ) decide what 's right and what 's not ? 
  any english-speaking or otherwise neoliberally thinking journalist , that is . 
  i think it 's because estonians have had some recent and bad experience with federalism . 
  those scars wo n't heal very quickly . 
  and the issue being debated here is that cameron wants it to be strictly opt-out , but the eu does n't think it 's ok . 
  i was talking about the finnish government . 
  but that figure sure does put things in perspective . 
  no , they did n't cut everything equally . 
  not even close . 
  the pensions and defense budget were mostly spared while the brunt of the cuts hit social services and education ; subsidies and other expenses targeting growth were cut moderately . 
  as much as they say that the cuts were `` objective and fair '' , the government did a lot of political decisions when designing the budget . 
  just like every past government has done . 
  since when was the approval of gay marriage on germany less than 60 % ? 
  if you mean the recently posted european map on gay marriage approval , the color coding was slightly off and actually showed that germany had an approval of * greater than 60 % * ( compare to italy , where the color corresponds to `` greater than 50 % '' ) . 
  somebody else in this thread posted a 2013 poll that showed a 74 % approval rate . 
  france is nowhere near as close to the us as britain is . 
  remember which country dared to openly criticize and abstain from the iraq war while the rest of the west rushed in ? 
  france wants to do their own shady operations and foreign interventions . 
  they went to mali without any orders from higher authorities , similarly the sinking of the rainbow warrior was done unaffiliated with usa . 
  dgse is n't connected to the nsa like the gchq is ( as far as we know ) . 
  if putin wanted the eu to unite , he would n't have poured hundreds of millions of rubles into funding euroskeptic parties across western europe . 
  tbh the prospect of a `` greater finland '' was one of the motivators in the continuation war . 
  though the way he puts it is super duper guilt-tripping bullshit . 
  the ek already exists to reduce the union power . 
  in terms of influence over the politicians , they have long since exceeded the unions . 
  especially since the 3 major unions ( sak for the industry workers , sttk for the service workers , and akava for the educated folks ) often do n't agree with each other on key issues . 
  recent examples of significant ek-influenced policies include the other year 's huge-ass drop of the corporate tax and about half of the budget cuts planned by the current government . 
  the only ways in which the unions hold major power are workers ' support , property and monetary power , support by the sdp party , and most importantly their ability to negotiate wages . 
  all of these are declining . 
  imo the real issue is that the unions * and * ek ( i.e. 
  the labour market forces ) have too big of a role in deciding things . 
  they are not regulated by democracy or political power in the same way as the government , ek especially . 
  this often means that the government has to wait for several months before the two parties come to an agreement , and it also opens doors for * really * implicit forms of corruption . 
  and just like any other part of a modern economy , the financial sector can be unsustainable and corrupted . 
  poland has way way lower labour costs than us . 
  polish-grown cannabis ( maybe in a greenhouse ? ), 
  could even be a lot cheaper than the colorado prices . 
  four-year high is n't exactly a huge accomplishment . 
  2011 was the year after hell broke loose in greece . 
  in finland , we actually do have something that mean people could call the `` employer mafias . '', 
  because the labour unions are so strong here , the companies have their own union to balance them out . 
  this organization , called `` elinkeinoel\u00e4m\u00e4n keskusliitto '' or `` ek '' , is probably the most powerful non-governmental entity in finland ; the representatives and lobbyists of ek are seen in every layer of decision-making , and they have a lot of money to throw around in making researches that benefit their cause . 
  just as the labour unions are completely intertwined with the social democrats , ek is in bed with the national coalition party ; many successful ncp representatives find themselves at highly paid ek jobs after they leave politics . 
  they advocate overall reduction of worker 's rights , lowered corporate taxes paid with budget cuts , and more flexible employment laws edit : to clarify , ek does not oppose a basic income model . 
  instead , it is the unions who have opposed the idea , probably amidst fears that it could reduce the incentive to join them . 
  ( joining a union gets you a lot of protection , including a guaranteed minimum wage and a solid 60 % of your income unemployment benefit for 2 years . 
  this all is in exchange to a 2 % membership payroll tax ) . 
  thank minitel for that :p, 
  anti-jokes yo, 
  you might want to actually read the article . 
  1 ) the echr simply gave an ok for the member states to make such legislations , and no actual laws were written . 
  2 ) this only applies to websites where the staff approves comments before displaying them . 
  3 ) the website is only responsible from the point when a request to take comments down is submitted . 
  it 's enforcable if a country decides to include it in its legislation , which in this case is optional . 
  the echr does n't decide on any laws , but rather what is ok and what is not ok for its subject states to legislate . 
  mingling around in the eu parliament has n't really changed people 's views of them . 
  they are n't very right-wing normally anyway ( before the elections they promised to protect the basic services for their main demographics in the countryside and so on ) , which is why their current participation in a right-wing austerity-oriented government is probably going to erode their support by more than what they could possibly gain . 
  hell , the eu countries have n't even signed the 2003 's un migrant rights bill because the current situation would be in beach of the standards proposed there . 
  not only that , the uniting factor between the parties is usually just their stances on immigration and eu . 
  fn 's economic policies are of the strong government , isolationist french type while ukip wants free trade and a weaker welfare state . 
  the only problem i have is that there are only a couple of major payment card corporations that control the business . 
  uhh , you ca n't know what the people bought with the card . 
  only where they shopped and how much they spent . 
  in finland and other countries where the 1 and 2 cent coins are n't used , we actually just round the final sum to the closest 5 cents if you pay with cash . 
  they already have a primary surplus ( in other words , their income exceeds their regular expenses ) but the money that they have to spend on the debt interest makes for a total deficit . 
  also , buying a tesla is n't patriotic like buying a vw is . 
  imo it would be better if german manufacturers went bigger on evs to provide some competition . 
  it 's on its way . 
  the model 3 is planned to cost around 35 grand in the states and around the same in europe ( assuming evs get the tax deductions that they deserve ),
