  if the apartment is a utility , not an investment , then the housing prices do n't follow the investors ' smallest quirks and people can afford them more reliably . 
  finland 's current government also has a huge hard-on for austerity , and almost no stimulation happened even before that . 
  the corporate representatives ( elinkeinoel\u00e4m\u00e4n keskusliitto ) essentially have the government in their control , which has made the trade unions even madder than before - so more strikes will happen . 
  the most influential reforms thus far have been massive cuts against education and social services , while leaving the pensions and the defense budget relatively untouched . 
  otoh , the adjustments to taxes have been quite smart , and the healthcare reform has some potential . 
  the nominal wealth distribution can be a bit misleading for germany , since so many germans do n't own houses ( but still do fine , thanks to comparatively agreeable rent levels ) . 
  that 's a feature of their system , not a flaw . 
  there have been solutions . 
  europe used to have a huge physicist drain to usa , but then we built cern and kicked esa up a couple of notches . 
  unfortunately the poorer european countries probably do n't have the money for such projects without western assistance , but a substitute could be that common eu science projects ( or other things that attract educated people ) could be increasingly located in emerging countries . 
  finland 's gdp per capita is marginally higher than in germany , and the gap is shrinking . 
  we 've never been in the same economic league as the rest of the nordic countries , though we got close in the mid-2000s . 
  i tried to ignore things in ireland , but it 's hard not to use products from big american companies , plus i like stout and i have a friend who plays the uilleann pipes . 
  we got ours into the government , if you 're looking into reducing their support drastically ( from 18 % to 9 % ) it seems to be the right thing to do . 
  a bunch of inexperienced politicians with little common agenda besides immigration and cultural/social conservatism seems to fall apart quickly if they are faced with actual responsibilities . 
  however , other politicians from the moderate conservative parties keskusta and kokoomus have taken a bit of their immigration agenda , and brought it down to more reasonable levels . 
  the net effect of their ideas is probably almost the same it would have been if the party had properly survived the pressure , just more spread out and diluted . 
  a similar thing has happened in finland . 
  the finns peaked at 19-20 % in 2011 , had a fluctuating support with a low of 13 % of the votes in the municipal elections , rebound with 18 % in this spring 's parliamentary elections - but the moment they got into the government they started showing how their politicians are even more incompetent than the old ones . 
  now they are at 9 % with almost no hope of rebounding , since their support was mostly dependent on a charismatic leader whom they ca n't afford to replace and who has lost a lot of his reputation . 
  funny , almost no party 's popularity has ever fluctuated that much here . 
  language skills spread easily from proficient speakers . 
  it 's worse for everybody but the very best if you do n't let others take advantage of that . 
  idk if the swedish democrats have ever advocated increasing development aid . 
  at least their finnish counterpart , the finns , cut the aid to ngos and un organizations by 50 % as soon as they got into the government , and they also campaigned the hardest for `` not sending any more money to corrupt warlords . '', 
  at least in finland , it was the finns party that fulfilled its campaign promises by cutting down the development aid by 50 % . 
  it 's not a particularly praised opinion by the immigration critics either . 
  is n't that the case with all centralized decisions ever ? 
  the majority of helsinki people are happy enough to accept migrants , but in bumfuck rym\u00e4ttyl\u00e4 , almost everybody hates the finnish government for mandating a refugee center in their municipality . 
  if the government chose otherwise , then it would be helsinki getting angry . 
  similarly , in usa , southern states have gone apeshit for being forced to legalize gay marriage but it 's still being done . 
  centralization should n't be avoided because of a few countries that decide to go all nimby over some certain decision . 
  currently , it 's obvious that an eu-wide policy would be very beneficial in sorting out the matter . 
  well technically it 's still encrypted :p but i see the point , i knew that whatsapp was flawed in terms of security but i did n't realize that it was trivial to break it . 
  i 'd normally consider myself a techy person , so that probably tells something about how little people ( including myself ) actually know about information security . 
  umm , whatsapp does use end-to-end encryption . 
  are n't 95 % of the interstates two lanes ? 
  if they assumed that most people would n't have cars , they would have expanded the public transit more . 
  it 's exactly excessive planning for cars that creates these traffic jams ; bigger roads and parking lots will create demand for more cars , which fills them up pretty quickly . 
  then you have 100 km of clogged lanes instead of 70 km of clogged lanes , and because of all the space it takes , the distances increase and the walkability decreases . 
  the only real ways to improve traffic in an established large city are good public transport , bikes , walking , and smarter ( which is usually not larger ) road connections . 
  no matter how much the capacity is , people will almost certainly use it all if your city is larger than ~ 100-200k people . 
  `` nobody drives in paris because of the traffic '' ; even though most parisians do n't use cars , and they have a lot of 4-10 lane boulevards , there 's not enough capacity ( and there never could be without turning paris into one giant interchange ) . 
  in what way are taxis advantaged , apart from being legal while uber is not ? 
  unlike uber , they have to pay for taxes , taxi medallions , insurance , pension , and they also have to put up with a shit ton of regulations ( for example , some taxis have to be active during all hours while uber drivers can pick and choose the best times to get clients . ), 
  imo the solution is to abolish taxi medallions , subsidies , and a lot of the regulations , and only then allow uber and make them pay taxes ; the competition should then be about equal , and uber would probably win . 
  their business model , if illegal , is still immensely innovative and suits today 's job market better . 
  the extent of the regulation abolition depends on the size of the city ; for example , a large city might not have to enforce cabs to be active all the time since there 's enough demand to have service at any given hour , but a small town with 2 taxis needs to maintain and subsidize them legally as an emergency service . 
  about 200 meps voted for the amendments , predominantly greens and `` hard '' leftists but also some social democrats and individual alde meps . 
  so it 's hardly out of support . 
  edit : thankfully, 
  eu has plenty of countries without much isp competition at all . 
  also , even if the competition helps a bit , it 's still good to have net neutrality in the lawbook as a principle . 
  at least our immigration-critical party cut aid to ngos by 50 % as soon as they got into the government , and cutting development aid in general was one their main campaigning points . 
  i hope others might be a bit smarter . 
  the problem is that the neighbouring countries do not have the resources to keep them in or to offer them a reasonable standard of living . 
  you have a million syrians in lebanon , a poor country with less people than denmark . 
  ngo budgets are continuously overran , even oxfam and un food bank ca n't offer enough help . 
  it would n't even cost that much money for western governments to cover the rest ( a couple hundred millions per year in total ) , but when people cut development aid , that 's what happens . 
  brigading also happens , but to a lesser extent . 
  on any hotly debated topic , there is bound to be brigades ; not exactly painting lizard-men on the walls by that . 
  that being said , this is a big default subreddit . 
  i would n't necessarily want to have that strict restrictions here . 
  there 's a clear policy on illegal immigration , do n't even pretend they are somehow exempted from some imaginary punishment by getting into an asylum seeker 's shelter or a detention center . 
  that 's exactly what is legally supposed to be done to illegal immigrants . 
  and those wandering around europe ? 
  surprise surprise , the greek police force has n't got the resources to put tens of thousands of people in detention centers monthly . 
  and because of that , european countries have made temporary deals on how to handle the situation . 
  nobody is exempting anybody from anything . 
  if you think they should go to jail , feel free to participate in the democratic decision-making process in order to try and change the law . 
  i 'm gon na say though , if a party has enough power to abolish democracy then they also have enough power to amend the constitution before that . 
  china wants stable partners to do business with . 
  its economy used to be , and still partially is , a sweatshop with no regards for who is doing the contracts ; but now they are emerging as a new independent actor that wants to be like the eu or the us with strong companies and brands and projects of its own . 
  for that , they need good business environments . 
  now russia , for example , just wants to fuck shit up because they have far less to gain from stability than what they can win through exploiting fear and confusion . 
  hence their monetary support for anti-eu parties and media in europe . 
  especially now that they need to become more than a western companies ' cheap sweatshop in order to keep on growing . 
  they need good business agreements to intertwine their economy with the world ; they want to export * chinese * phones , cars , and solar panels . 
  you can already see the increased presence of companies like huawei and lenovo . 
  but ca n't the same be said of a lot of countries before they became democratic ? 
  another objection would be that in vitro fertilization weakens men 's sperm in the long term through lack of related natural selection , but i do n't think you 'd want be that guy who judges his neighbours based on how optimally they contribute to the gene pool . 
  also , i think the results would be different if you did it in a rural eastern polish town . 
   since the test does n't physically exist the only molestation is from the parents , and i hope that at least some of the doctors had the balls to inform the social workers . 
  at least in finland , their number is comparable to the total number of immigrants . 
  they definitely should not be discounted . 
  pentecostals alone outnumber muslims ( not by a lot , this year 's asylum seekers probably have changed that by now ) . 
  that 's a very common strawman , at least . 
  i have n't personally witnessed a whole lot of progressives who would defend those practices , if you have some examples ( or better , stats ) i 'd be interested in seeing them . 
  stronger forms of cultural relativism imo are indeed mutually exclusive with consistently upholding progressive values . 
  pentecostals and other , local or american-originated movements are a big thing in certain parts of rural scandinavia . 
  the denomination of laestadius ( he was a preacher in the 19th century ) in finland is huge and growing , because they get kids like crazy and as long as even a third of them stay in they 'll have more members . 
  i had no idea that they have started having statistically significant influence on immigrants already though . 
  i 've seen a couple of ( typically black african ) immigrants every now and then converting people on streets , alongside the natives , so it sorta makes sense . 
  btw , `` inner city '' in 90 % of europe is the richest part of the town . 
  it 's the poorer half of the suburbs that can cause problems if they are n't taken care of . 
  the brain is only fully developed by the age of 25 , i think that 's what he meant by `` end of puberty . '', 
  it 's not a swedish thing , it 's a `` not particularly progressive on the trans rights front '' country thing . 
  for example finland , france , and belgium ( plus a lot of american states ) have it . 
  like with other such cases , i 'm thinking that the criminal law should determine that . 
  i have n't formed an opinion on this matter yet , but it seems pretty obvious to me that the details would be worked on just like any other legal details .
