  please , go with belgium and the mandatory vote . 
  please google it ( too many cases for the lazy me to bother explaining ) , basically they are what is expressed with prepositions in most other languages . 
  accusative , by the way , is one of them , but in most words it 's spelled the same way as the genitive , ( `` sen '' ) and for dative , we use several cases depending on the verb , probably the most often the essive . 
  ( `` sit\u00e4 '' ) these two i thought were worth mentioning , for here it is often brought up that in the timeless phrase `` i love you '' german uses the accusative case of `` you '' ( as far as i 've understood ) while the essive suffices for the finns . 
  the difference between the two is essentially the same as between `` i drank a cup of coffee '' and `` i drank coffee '' , the other implying perfection and the other imperfection . 
  so google for the raw data , i only wanted to share this one piece of information . 
  no genders in finnish , the word is the closest thing we have to `` the '' . 
  it is a personal pronoun with 11 cases . 
  nouns and most other pronouns have from 14 to 18 cases , depending on how you count them . 
  itt : the number of the scotsmen almost surpasses that of the union jack-wavers . 
   glorious sense of humor especially so from your perspective . 
  and portugal is growing faster than any other euro country . 
  first , the government is full of austerians hunting for tax hikes and budget cuts , second , the industrial slump has n't gotten any better and third , the labour unions and the employers still have n't reached any conclusive agreements on wages ( which were supposed to happen in january ) . 
  whether this all reflects economical reality , nobody knows for sure . 
  [ here 's the complete report . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_stat-13-122_en.htm ) you did 0.1 % quarterly , we were on par with germany . 
  idk ... from my point of view , the estonians have already quite a slavic look . 
  but that 's probably just me . 
  i know for sure that the ugric family of languages ( not relevant to the lithuanians anymore ) has n't got one common genetic pool . 
  the western finns share as much genes with the eastern finns as the swedes do with italians . 
  it 's the natural compromise between german , french & italian . 
  and besides , since you are the classiest country left out there , what else would it be ? 
  tourists love france , but the french do n't love tourists . 
  to my ( limited ) experience , xenophobia itself is n't so common in france , the locals just look down their noses at tourism . 
  [ and i ca n't blame them for that . 
  ] ( http://www.google.fi/search?um=1&amp;biw=1024&amp;bih=672&amp;hl=fi&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=ui8juud1oowo4ati8odadw&amp;q=british+tourists&amp;oq=british+tourists&amp;gs_l=img.3..0i19l2j0i5i19.7590.17909.0.19099.37.32.0.2.2.11.228.3856.7j22j1.30.0....0...1c.1.24.img..24.13.1379.gv5y6srsuja ) ninja edit : not that i 'd know any better than you do . 
  i read somewhere that the geographical center of the continent is somewhere in lithuania , though . 
  russia is huge , even the european bit . 
  there 's so much paperwork and architectural evaluation by the officials before you get the permission to build anything in europe . 
  partly the reason why skyscrapers have started popping up here just recently ( uk : the liberalization brought citi and folks , france : mitterrand , elsewhere : going with the flow , changes in architectural taste , or lack of space ) instead of the early 20th century . 
  that 's so pretty !, 
  maybe i should spend there a year or two once the recovery takes place and the masses calm down . 
  another very typical finnish house type : [ rintamamiestalo ] ( http://oppiminen.yle.fi/sites/oppiminen.yle.fi/files/images/rintamamiestalo_1920x1020.jpg ) ( `` frontman 's house '' ) . 
  they are the bulk of the 40 's buildings in finland , gifted to soldiers of ww2 to make them fight with a higher moral . 
  i 'm a little late here , but yes , the `` novel '' , `` roman '' , `` short story '' hassle is that foreign words were oddly mixed in english and elsewhere , and not that anglicisms were misused in other languages . 
  `` roman '' i think is a latin word , and `` novela '' is `` novel '' in spanish ( as don quixote is the first novel , i take spanish as the origin of the word ) , from which the term `` novela corta '' , `` short story '' , was derived , later borrowed and then contracted by the french . 
  or at least that 's what i think . 
  languages are weird , and it 's far too easy to assume the role of an amateur linguist . 
  light it is , and that 's how we call your `` diet coke '', 
  freedom fries . 
  just ... why ? 
  you are also the only country in addition to mine ( and , i have to admit , russia ) that knows how to have a real sauna . 
  and how could you forget skype and e-voting ? 
  also , a million poro 's thank you for cheap vodka . 
  i ca n't say anything bad about a country thay was freed from communism by a guy with a porn-stache . 
  solidarity , man !, 
  not the economy , man , the budget . 
  the whole point of austerianism is not to differentiate between the two . 
  true that . 
  have you ever wondered why greece still has an excessive military spending in the middle of all the welfare cuts and tax hikes ? 
  there 's something deeper to it than mere nationalism and riot control . 
  there are way worse places to live in europe than the average usa , to be honest . 
  though rural mississippi is about at the level of romania in terms of living standards , so it works both ways . 
  and please , even when irony is intended , save us from calling any european country `` communist . '', 
  the lack of perspective is best fought by simply being helpful and constructive rather than pricky . 
  well i 'm not longing for karelia . 
  methinks seventy years of hundreds of thousands of russian families living their lives there kind of justifies the current state of affairs . 
  you 'd have to be a vengeful patriotic airhead to seriously want it back . 
  the whole world , you mean ? 
  damn those illuminati jewish socialist lizardmen . 
  as a finn , i actually find you swedes quite talkative . 
  maybe that says something about my country . 
  at least when booze is not taken into account . 
  we have some of those up here as well , do n't worry ` bout that . 
  you know that a man knows what 's up when he wears a kkk uniform . 
  before , the colonized people had no guns and they were naive enough to take the bullshit that the colonists fed them . 
  nowadays , well , you can look at what is happening in iraq and afghanistan . 
  the balkan people are systematically refused asylum because they do n't need it , at least in finland . 
  the euro parliament has been led by centre-right parties for a long time . 
  the by far largest german party cdu is also right from the center , and that is visible in ( for example ) the lack of gay marriage . 
  france currently has a left-wing gvt but that is probably going to change in the next elections ; also , the french pm is as right-wing as it gets in his party , and has taken a really tough stance on immigration . 
  uk has a government that is right-wing in all respects , but occasionally takes on a progressive idea if enough voters are concerned about it . 
  nl and belgium are usually similar to germany , except that their governments have been way more socially progressive . 
  austria is similar to germany , though they actually have had an extreme right wing party in the government sometimes . 
  nordic countries have traditionally been very social democratic ; denmark moreso than the rest , but they are also somewhat wary of immigration . 
  sweden is social democratic although it made leaps towards economic liberalism in the 00s , finland was always less left than the rest and has a right-wing corporatist government atm , norway is between finland and sweden . 
  southern europe has typically been a bit less progressive than the north , although spain and portugal are examples to the contrary . 
  they have average tax levels/social services for europe , usually similar to germany , but the effectiveness of those is eaten a lot by rampant corruption , tax avoidance , and wasteful governments . 
  the politics there swings so fast between left and right that it 's hard to keep track of it . 
  eastern europe has been super right wing and conservative since the 90s , as an overreaction against the soviet occupation , though left wing ideas have started gaining some support as the living standards have risen ( an example could be civil partnerships in estonia . ), 
  so basically , spill our problems over to poor countries that ca n't afford to prevent it . 
  not give libya a choice ? 
  that 's quite the precedent you 're setting . 
  next libya will deport them back to eu and not give us a choice either . 
  unless you deport them to the isis territory , of course . 
  libya has n't accepted any deported migrants iirc , they have enough problems of their own plus they are simply very xenophobic . 
  also , imo returning them to a country that is effectively undergoing a civil war ( even isis has some territory there ) is morally questionable . 
  the truth is , none of the african countries have the resources to keep masses from migrating illegally . 
  even the muslim mediterranean countries lack them . 
  the `` paying for a poor african country '' part is going to be very important in the process of remedying the situation , though i 'd specify that you need specialized accommodation projects rather than throwing money at corrupt governments . 
  what ? 
  cdu/csu are both clearly right from center . 
  if they were those strawman leftist parties that people like you accuse germany for being , they 'd have marriage equality and legal cannabis by now . 
  i would deny . 
  i think both are closer to `` popular '' than smart . 
  that does n't confirm jack shit about anything . 
  people who show up at a protest/comment section are * not * a representative sample of a population of 38 million , especially since internet brigading has become common by the spread of echo chamber portals . 
  until a statistically significant portion of the polish population ( i.e. 
  literally millions ) shows up at protests , the marches only show that there are * some * people who care enough about the issue to take the streets . 
  again , the people making polls are independent experts at statistics and data analysis .
