  if you seriously value your own personal conclusions over their research , you are just disregarding scientific results because of personal beliefs or paranoia . 
  and has anybody ever seriously maintained that the majority of refugees who manage to make it to europe would not be adult males ? 
  you are attacking a strawman/actually biased media source here . 
  full assimilation would mean no kebab , no shisha , and not even the slightest trace of islam . 
  that creates forcible , lifeless monocultures with no diversity . 
  you want integration , which means conforming to the values of the society while maintaining a distinct cultural flavor through food , clothing , books , music , art , whatever that does n't violate the standards of the society around you . 
  hardly anybody opposes the presences of d\u00f6ner kebab or falafel in the german restaurant scene although they came with the immigrants . 
  finland at least would be really fucking boring with no foreign cultural influences ; you can only eat so many karjalanpiirakka 's until you get sick of it . 
  he said  a `` negro '' , a black person , the word `` negro '' seems to refer to `` black person '' only in that sentence , with no further connotations . 
  there is a comma after the `` black person '' to separate it from the rest of the description . 
  so you do seem to have misunderstood . 
  that has nothing or very little to do with the nation devolving into states . 
  even if/when the economy collapses , as long as people have any faith in the federal government/national sentiment over the oblasts ( i have n't heard that there would be any strong state independence sentiments in russia apart from a few obvious cases ) the state wo n't dissolve . 
  claiming that the support numbers have been manipulated is really paranoid , and more akin to the internet portal worship than reasonable doubt . 
  just because you see many people in a picture does n't mean that they would make a majority of the population or represent anything . 
  tinfoil doubting independent polls , from people who have way more knowledge about poll-making than you , does n't help your cause at all . 
  so less people would be displaced by conflicts in the third world if more first world countries would shut their doors ? 
  i ca n't quite follow your logic . 
  the refugees do n't stop existing if you do n't let them in . 
  they are still there , it 's just other , poorer people than you ( jordan , lebanon , turkey , libya ) who have to deal with them . 
  or not , they can also be shut in the warzone and/or is territory . 
  it would n't . 
  the world has more displaced people than ever , and that number is n't going to start decreasing anytime soon . 
  so far , the absolute majority of the damages have been soaked by developing countries that neighbor the conflict zones . 
  the refugee situation over there is worse than the golden dawn 's worst nightmares , and it will get worse if the rest of the world turns the blind eye . 
  to countries that have even less resources to deal with them . 
  let the damage flow to poorer countries , that 's the way the world works . 
  that 's like pointing out you 're 14 and a half years old . 
  seems and seems . 
  ren\u00e8 noma is among the best chefs ever . 
  you do n't even have to go to noma to verify that ; i had a taste of his mexican project some time ago , and goddammit i want that to come to helsinki . 
  copenhagen in general has a lot of excellent restaurants of all kinds . 
   grillp\u00f8lse  not excellent food culture, 
  in this case , too lax property rights led to negative outcomes for the society . 
  the society has full rights to intervene in such situations . 
   the majority this is one of those pieces of information one can only pull out of the depths of ~ ~ rigorously collected statistics ~ ~ their anus . 
  you know , stravinsky was seen as barbaric and unmusical by many of his time . 
  i daresay by more than those who consider kendrick lamar to be `` thug music '' . 
  hell , even the majority of today 's listeners would n't think the rite of spring sounds musical . 
  a small , superficial flaw that the people embrace . 
  regardless , not a good example for third world countries with greedy monarchs . 
  i agree that providing aid and supplies and humanitarian assistance for the refugees there would probably be a more cost-effective way of treating the crisis . 
  tbh , france has no serious secession threats anywhere in the country . 
  they would be among the last eu countries to get hit if a wave of secessions was to occur . 
  usually because the nearby areas run out of resources pretty fast when they have to sustain hundreds of thousands or millions of refugees and are also poor to begin with . 
  you could just move to germany , nothing 's preventing you as an eu citizen . 
  and if you 're afraid that a refugee is tekken yer german jerb , you should become a better worker so that they 'll hire you instead . 
  over time , if the education and the living standards improve and there 's sustained peace and co-operation , i do believe that there is a trend towards liberal/international values . 
  i think that if the middle-eastern crisis could be settled , and there would be enough time for the old grudges to die down , then jordan , lebanon , and turkey could maybe adopt more liberal values and co-operate with and understand their neighboring nations . 
  not meaning the abandonment of islam , but more like atat\u00fcrk-type social progress without the nationalist connotations . 
  there are many ifs , as you see . 
  but for example lebanon has already made some progress during their time of peace . 
  somewhat , maybe , but there are age-old tensions between all middle eastern countries . 
  the governments do n't share the western international ideals ( yet ) , and also the economic impact of the refugees is orders of magnitude higher than it could possibly be in europe . 
  these three factors combine , and there is bound to be bitterness on both sides . 
  jordan , lebanon , and turkey are geographically and politically forced to bear a disproportionate amount of the refugee crisis . 
  i 'm happy that they at least let the refugees in , but if other countries do n't share the burden , they wo n't be so nice to either the refugees or the others . 
  you already see erdogan denouncing the eu over this . 
  the thing is , jordan , lebanon , and turkey are basically the only countries syrians can directly run to . 
  israel and the gulf countries have the resources and the political will to stop every refugee at the border , and the last neighbor iraq is 1 ) behind isis territory and 2 ) largely controlled by isis . 
  another thing is , about every immigration critic here is asking why the refugees wo n't stay in jordan , lebanon , or turkey . 
  if europe chooses not to let more refugees in , jordan has no options beyond sending them back to isis . 
  lebanon is even worse off in this respect , and turkey too has more refugees than the golden dawn 's worst nightmares . 
  couple that with the rampant xenophobia in those nations . 
  that are already packed with refugees , and have far less resources to deal with the crisis . 
  lebanon alone has more syrian refugees than any european country . 
  i doubt even turkey has the resources to house all of them . 
  it 's called `` burden sharing . '', 
  the majority or refugees are * not * continuing their journey all the way to europe . 
  though if you only count those who stated an opinion , the number is close to 60 % either way . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't have much knowledge about the iranian attitudes towards other shi'a nationalities . 
  at least from the isis infested areas , many of the refugees are from the shi'a branch of islam whereas the gulf countries ( and isis ) are sunni . 
  the tensions between shi'as and sunnis are very high , and the shi'as stand to be discriminated against in any sunni-dominant country . 
  in countries as deeply religious as the gulf countries , shi'as would have an especially hard time . 
  iran would probably be more receptive of the refugees , though . 
  edit : this is only a portion of the refugees , so do n't take this as a complete answer . 
  according to the stats in the top post of this thread , they do n't . 
  they offer less money than the other nordic countries . 
  is n't ireland mostly just bouncing back from a period of strongly undervalued economy though ? 
  ( strong armchair economics there , but i 've had that impression from the media ) czechs never saw that kind of a period during the crisis , so * given the context , * i 'd say they 're doing better in terms of growth . 
  hey , we did so too !, 
  did your alcohol consumption also double during those years ? 
  good times , it was a decade that saw the beginnings of both homebrewing and estonian liquor smuggling - two of the most important and culturally significant finnish traditions . 
  finland too has the same problem on a bit smaller scale , but the effects on individuals are aggravated as the unions provide a lot of essential benefits for virtually all long term workers - leaving short-term workers with neither unemployment nor union based benefits . 
  that is why we severely need basic income . 
  better still be pushing sprouts when it comes to my plate . 
  no , the little difference is that the immigrants they welcomed brought better weapons , larger numbers , tons of new and very potent diseases , and a very clear and unambiguous goal of conquering new territory for their country from the natives . 
  another difference is that native americans had very little existing biological or cultural tolerance for alcohol . 
  the only equivalence i can find here is that europeans do n't know how to resist d\u00f6ner kebab , similar to how the indians could n't resist alcohol . 
  conversely , the largest ( and quite well respected ) newspaper helsingin sanomat has a slight centre-right-but-value-liberal slant on average , though some of their columnists and op-eds present leftist viewpoints . 
  suomen kuvalehti , our equivalent to time , on the other hand has a clearer centre-right bias - a lot of the editorials have been markedly anti-union or pro-austerity . 
  thankfully both do try , and usually succeed , to present multiple viewpoints . 
  apart from those two , most of the mainstream `` etel\u00e4n media '' is moderately leftist . 
  though i did get pissed off at one sk 's cannabis-related articles where a pro-legalization pharmacist and an anti-legalization md answered to some questions . 
  the doctor actually misinformed the readers on a couple of the answers , and yet her viewpoint was presented as equally or more valid than the other one . 
  different as in older . 
  to be fair , lra is also inspired by the bible and they quote relevant verses as well . 
  maybe a different edition than what most western christians would read , but bible nonetheless . 
  * anywhere near as much as they did,
