  ... yes . 
  i mean that france gets easy warmonger points by operations in mali and central african republic . 
  britain just shrugged when shit hit the fan in rwanda and kony did his thing in uganda , both former parts of the british empire . 
  usa has apparently less violent crime than netherlands , belgium , or new zealand . 
  `` qualitative index '' = personal bias all over the place . 
  that 's because sa exercises the freedom-approved \u00ae branch of islam . 
  you can get your religion freedom-approved \u00ae by committing yourself to feeding the western oil needs . 
  you see , some countries take care of their former colonies . 
  it 's on the same latitude as the french fucking riviera . 
  of course it 's warm . 
  there was 10 russians for every finn . 
  look what happened . 
  more about torturing iraqi prisoners for the cia , i think . 
  poland has a history of siding with america more than any of its neighboring countries would like . 
  gon na be ready by 2027 . 
  `` old europe '' is a misleading concept , as spain and greece were authoritarian until 20-ish years before the `` new europe '' was freed . 
  not nearly enough to make up for the losses , though . 
  got ta say it , that 's a damn glorious username to rationally gaze . 
  this is the magic of political sciences . 
  words have different meanings , and `` liberal '' is a top offender . 
  liberal values = !, 
  economic liberals ( where classic liberal = !, 
  neoliberal ) = !, 
  liberal theory of world politics = !, 
  liberalism = !, 
  neoliberalism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal confusing , right ? 
  the peaceful ones would probably not consider themselves fascist , just anti-immigration or something like that . 
  but peaceful muslims are still muslims . 
  us also overspends by an imperial shit ton . 
  even the army has complained about the stacks and stacks of unnecessary equipment , but the budget has to stay fat in order to please the republicans . 
  in fact , the combined power of uk and france would already be enough to deter putin or any other leader from taking any moves towards the eu . 
  but you are right , there is n't enough arms here to sustain a large number of foreign operations while effectively defending the continent . 
  ppp averages everything out pretty well , but does n't tell the details of pricing ; different people have different needs , especially the poor are more affected by high food prices . 
  gdp or median wages are n't very good measures either , one number can never tell enough . 
  ppp alone does n't tell very much . 
  while electronics and gas are about as expensive as in italy , groceries can easily cost twice or thrice as much here . 
  i shit you not , 0,5 l of coca cola costs upwards of 2,00 $ even in supermarkets . 
  are those the numbers of their representatives or their positions ? 
  how many representatives do the netherlands have ? 
  is it democratic deficit that every region in sweden must allow gay marriage even though the majorities in some sure would n't approve ? 
  there are some sensible norms that every country should accept if they want to be a part of the entity . 
  the eu constitution is n't about burqa bans or opening all borders completely . 
  it 's about common european values and interests . 
  disapproval of the constitution is disapproval of the union , like disapproval of swedish legislature is disapproval of the kingdom of sweden . 
  i 'd like to point out that low turnout usually means hard times for parties that rely on uninformed voters . 
  your point still stands . 
  it would be even easier if you would n't have to leave your computer at all , like in estonia . 
  are they large enough to get any representation ? 
  same . 
  finland : nope . 
  the most anti-eu party here , the finns , has way too much support to lose by taking stupid stances . 
  sometimes some less knowledgeable party member ( the majority of their representatives is uninformed but only few dare to voice their opinions ) says something , but every time that happens the other parties are more than happy to exploit the situation . 
  then there 's the communist parties , but they never get enough votes to get representatives to the parliament , let alone the european one . 
  overall , any politician who is keen on having any support at all keeps his mouth shut about leaving the eu or the eurozone . 
  the finns have talked about `` reassessing the nature of the european currency '' , but that 's about it . 
  oh singapore , the chinese tiger !, 
  oh finland , the dimmest star of scandinavia !, 
  oh turkey , the arabic mad cow !, 
  the list goes on . 
  listening to it for the lyrics , so to say ? 
  it was an pretty good song ... 
  compared to the rest of the horrible eurovision kitsch . 
  and heinrich himmler had facial hair too !, 
  so once merkel grows a beard , we know we 're all doomed . 
  i reckon that 's from brave new world , because i did n't get it and it involves culture . 
  yes they have . 
  first , their national animal is a bald eagle and not a regular one . 
  second , different eagles and hawks have been found in european coats of arms since the roman empire ( which was the main inspiration to some of these right-wing groups ) and earlier , so the americans just took a recurring western cultural theme and seasoned it with a hint of the northern american fauna . 
  well here 's some life pro tips . 
  brb elevating my nuts and showing them off on the streets . 
  not in the us of a. 
  time to get some colonies , right ? 
  by far the easiest way to get more speakers to your language , just look at the 100 million french speakers in africa . 
  that he would rather hear the spaniards announce their points in spanish than in nearly broken english . 
  at that point though , it was more like f-money proposing co-operation to poor little ` schland . 
  my intuition : some other european countries , like poland , estonia , and the netherlands , have simply caught up by reforming their systems . 
  the asian countries ahead of us suffer from systems simply designed to reach high pisa scores , with the cost of independent , critical , and creative thinking . 
  yeah , but the old `` remove kebab '' stereotype leads people into thinking that bosniaks and other non-serbian nationalities of the balkans would be mainly islamic , even if they realize that the copypasta & polandball comics are ironic . 
  apparently islam . 
  still does n't make any sense . 
  we want to forget how miserably alcoholic we are . 
  so we drink . 
  it 's still unfair , given that i need the power of alcohol , when you can just look good and flash that mediterranean smile . 
  that 's what we like about you . 
  you would , but i am quite fond of this local resource , and would probably try my best to defend it . 
  ^ as ^ if ^ finnish ^ girls ^ were ^ pretty, 
  sweden aside , most of the nordics do n't have quite as welcoming policies and attitudes as the netherlands . 
  i agree with you . 
  nordic kitchen does n't punch above its weight , although it does have some global impact . 
  we do have some nice ( very expensive ) upscale restaurants and reputable cooks here , but the traditional cuisine is very weak . 
  sure , it can get tasty if you do it right , but it 's nowhere near the variety of other parts of europe . 
  there 's no scandinavian or nordic food trend that has become ubiquitous like so many middle and southern european plates . 
  but you could have come out less arrogantly . 
  stylish ( hence metrosexual ) but macho . 
  in fact , italian males have a freakishly easy time getting scandinavian girls . 
  come on !, 
  danes are the only ones around there who can take a joke !, 
  swedes are just homosexual binge drinking champagne enthusiasts who spend their limited sober time moralizing others , while danes are bisexual weed-smoking beer fanatics who know better than not to offend minorities with dark humor . 
  yeah , let the danes eat their semen . 
  hmmm .
