  this is not california , buddy . 
  it would definitely make the social security simpler , plus conveniently eliminate the traps where working ( < 600 $ / month ) does n't generate any additional income . 
  it would be a streamlined , easy-to grasp welfare solution for the 21st century . 
  not really , the eastern europeans and the east asians ( and some latin american countries ) have got us beat on that front . 
  just the local dialect , do n't worry . 
  we have our top men working on the translation . 
  top men . 
  edit : `` a lot of folks have indeed said that ` did that guy never drink coffee ? ' '', 
  you actually can control how the funding is spent , by setting conditions to the aid . 
  this is actually a very recent trend , and that is why development aid is finally starting to work out ; the countries are asked to 1 ) provide a plan and 2 ) deliver it , instead of getting unconditional free money . 
  as an example , liberia recently committed to stopping deforestation in exchange for getting norwegian development aid . 
  also , it is illegal to deport people to places where their lives would be threatened . 
  which is very often the case . 
  the only hope is the japanese tourists . 
  moomins are already there and 1/3 of murakami 's latest novel happens in finland , now we just need something that they can take photos of . 
   reclaim karelia  sweden u wot m8 , that 's our prey, 
  finland ( not as strongly , mind you ) because a significant part of our export-based economy is being crippled by the sanctions . 
  and russian tourists no longer have the money to spend on overpriced finnish souvenirs . 
  london , tx, 
  not the same thing . 
  irish as a language is a cultural remnant and a part of their heritage , but practically nobody speaks it as their 1st language . 
  it is not necessary in eu institutions as it does not improve anybody 's understanding about the matters at hand . 
  i 'm gon na contact the helsinki city council asap . 
  we need to build a bigger one or else belgians are going to take over the world with their superior infrastructure . 
  fuck motorways , beer pipelines are the new shit . 
  but what if i like watching youtube livestreams and my favorite shirt contains a symbol that somebody could falsely interpret as a swastika ? 
  not liquor or even wine . 
  there 's a gvt monopoly for that , because it turns out finns and lots of easily available alcohol are n't the best combination !, 
  i once thought about teaching the commands for my dog in esperanto , so that nobody could understand them ... 
  as a typical european pacifist i 'm not at all into guns , but liquor from the corner shop , otoh , is something i just never get to see in regulated finland . 
  so color me interested !, 
  because it translates to `` white russia '' in russian . 
  and in finnish . 
  and in swedish . 
  and so on . 
  did n't they recently start increasing the wages at a higher rate ? 
  not enough to explain the shift on its own , though . 
  there is also the fact that electing the same government three times in a row is usually regarded as pretty creepy in a democratic society . 
  it 's already unsettling that kokoomus , our moderate right-wing party , did n't get in the government at all for several decades after ww2 . 
  the man-hating extreme `` feminists '' are just as real as the redpillers who say that women are incapable of logical thinking . 
  what we should do is to acknowledge that extremism exists , and then completely ignore it . 
  trying to combat any extremists gets them more attention and bigger audiences , so that they can try and create an echo chamber for their thoughts . 
  pure hell goes well with the finnish mentality , 
  the worst thing about coming to usa is seeing sir david attenborough speak in an american accent . 
  seriously . 
  it 's also a very common swedish stereotype in finland . 
  estonia . 
  it 's like a bit grittier and poorer version of finland with better food and service . 
  and it is also the only other country that has saunas everywhere . 
  it 's never too soon . 
  but puns ? 
  hell no . 
  wishful thinking :(, 
  ** finland !, 
  ** * sauna is an obvious one , but it has to be mentioned . 
  every saturday evening , the families are united to bathe in sauna and drink beer/soda . 
  after sauna , you feel as clean and relaxed as you 'll ever feel ; in short , sauna 's the shit . 
  * metal . 
  finland is home to a lot of metalheads and - bands . 
  * envying sweden . 
  how they all drive electric cars , are best friends with a married gay couple , and speak perfect english . 
  * hating sweden . 
  how they are too fucking conformist , all they ever do is useless small talk , and they only accept so many immigrants because they want to seem liberal . 
  * ( edit ) doing the same things as sweden : we too like potatoes and candlelight . 
  * sugarcoating russia ; before crimea , the politicians seemed unable to say anything against putin . 
  any russian policies that would have caused a shitstorm , were it inside the eu or usa , never caught the bigger headlines . 
  and the actual audiences were full of `` meh '' , until it became cool to hate russia . 
  * wearing 80s wind jackets and rubber boots all day long , as if fashion had never entered the country - but for the younger females , it 's all about wearing a dress that nobody else has . 
  * woolly socks !, 
  everybody has them , they 're absolutely necessary for our cold winters , and especially females can even wear them fashionably . 
  * going out to the parks with friends and getting moderately drunk * going out to the bars alone , getting drunk , and potentially getting laid * complaining about finnish politics and taxes * reading popular nordic or finnish literature , especially crime novels * gathering berries and mushrooms from the forest . 
  it 's legal and safe pretty much everywhere . 
  we love the strongest form of it , pure ammonium chloride powder mixed with table salt . 
  * spending summers at a cottage next to a beautiful lake , fishing , rowing a boat , woodcutting , connecting to the nature , going to sauna every night ... 
  greece did n't `` invent '' democracy , athens did , and even that is a far cry from the current democracies . 
  the rest of the city-states were ruled by tyrants and oligarchs . 
  athens was a unique city and is not at all how the usual `` ancient greece '' was . 
  one of the core points in christianity is converting everybody , even those whom the romans regarded as `` filthy barbarians . '', 
  the rapid and lasting expansion of the religion was something that the roman empire would only have dreamed about ; it spread and integrated to every culture regardless of borders and language barriers . 
  christianity was the first religion to span an entire region like that . 
  only islam has ever done the same . 
  again , christianity does n't need to be completely unique in order to be one of the main contributors to the european history and values . 
  but remember , here in the north we used to rape and kill women for honorary reasons . 
  pride was more desirable than humility , especially in finland animals were killed every now and then just to please the gods , there was no standard work ethics , and living in the forest was all that a man could ever wish for . 
  and look at ancient greece !, 
  the most acceptable romantic relationship in ancient greece was between a wealthy old man and a young boy . 
  sexuality and sex was present everywhere in form of statues and artwork . 
  the church then condemned both homosexuality and paedophilia , destroyed most of the historical evidence for the greek decadence , and then proceeded to repress the european sexuality for centuries . 
  you do n't have to agree with all christian values , i doubt that 's even possible given all the contradictions , but there 's no denying that europe would look vastly different without the influence of a widespread , unifying religion . 
  it is also easy to see how christianity has been at the forefront of spreading the ancient roman and greek influence ( or what was left of it ) all over the continent . 
  here in finland , we would still live deep in the forest like our fathers did if the christians had not condemned that lifestyle . 
  have you considered that the greek culture would never have spread across europe if the christians had not started embracing it in the 4th and the 5th centuries ? 
  and that the greek influence has been diluted , altered , and , for the most part , destroyed completely in order to fit in the early christian moral framework ? 
  he pointed out , as an example , that the scandinavian notion of murder was profoundly different before christianity . 
  and that 's a very valid point . 
  smallpox , rabbits , pigs , and anything that threatens the existence of the local fauna are pests for all intents and purposes . 
  there 's a good reason australia has closed their borders from all foreign animals . 
  so the french and the german farmers whose incomes are endangered because of the looming bee extinction should just welcome the asian hornets and the bee parasites as the new kings of the ecosystem ? 
  and even without nuclear weapons involved , we must remember stalin was a crazy despot . 
  if germany felt that burning half of lapland was worth it to slow down a half-assed attack by the weak finnish army , what could the ussr have done when the entire eastern europe was at stake ?
