  there 's far more money in fossil fuels than in green energy . 
  if science was really that debatable in this regard , big oil would dominate the narrative big time . 
  it 's remarkable that the scientific community has retained its integrity on the issue this well , despite the huge monetary pressure for denial . 
  not the oil companies that are funding your brand of politics . 
  uk either gets 10 % of the say in decisions that have 100 % the global influence , or it gets 100 % of the say in decisions that have 10 % the global influence . 
  that 's really the most likely net effect of the membership ; let 's not even pretend that potentially saving a bit of pocket money from the membership fees would make uk a big global actor , especially when those savings will have negative side effects as fall in european trade . 
  the only global ties that the membership actually hinders are the likes of russia and north korea with the sanctions , and in those cases uk could n't please them anyways because it would piss off too many western partners . 
  it goes both ways tbh , i for one enjoy the eternal popcorn between the two largest 2nd tier european nations, 
  in this case , it 's got nothing to do with the cultural diversity . 
  it 's that russian oligarchs have a shit ton of money that they invest in england ( usually by building glass towers or buying banks and football teams ) , once they 've immigrated and placed their children in oxbridge or lse . 
  that 's a type of immigration that * definitely * brings money . 
  you have the will , but he 's occupied with the kate, 
  not the last , but among the last . 
  belarus takes the cake for the russian puppet # 1 , poland and uk are tied for the ( less puppety ) american puppet # 1 - poland is more puppety in terms of foreign politics with the cia prisons and military interests in the iraq war , but uk is closer aligned to the current american values as even usa is n't backwards enough to get hysteric over gender or to build 40-meter jesus statues . 
  just because somebody disapproves of your favorite party 's eastern bff and funder does n't make them an american pet . 
  well technically the fn crowd and the kremlin spambots probably like him a lot , but that 's prolly not a huge part of the sub . 
  the french far right is usually quite silent anyways when it comes to international inquiry about their eastern friend . 
  my biggest surprise was france . 
  putin has been funding fn for quite a while now , and the french far right has a big boner for him anyways ( because of his `` strong '' type of leadership and similar values ) . 
  i always had the picture that france would like putin more than other western nations , especially given that a few french millionaires have moved to russia as a means of tax evasion - russia has ron paul 's ideal tax rate , a flat 12 % . 
  because such a large majority , especially one that did not have the majority of votes , could theoretically also start undermining the democratic institutions themselves for their own favour . 
  in america , this has manifested as gerrymandering ; in hungary , it has manifested in restrictions of the parties in opposition and any media that supports them . 
  especially for migrants , it 's not very good compared to the rest of europe . 
  less pay , worse infrastructure , a difficult language that is essential for working in the country , and a comparatively xenophobic population with little opportunities to blend in . 
  that has n't got much to do with its different traditional ethnic groups though . 
  the swiss identity was formed through many centuries of history and politics and money , and the borders are no longer arbitrary because of that ( note that the history mostly happened before the idea of european nationalities arose ) . 
  the belgian borders , though , are still a bit of a political mishap because a stable identity has n't been found - it might never be found , since the idea of distinct ethnicities with distinct nations exists now . 
  brazil 's problems are not really associated with being diverse ( it 's about inequality , poverty , and corruption , none of these largest conflicts are between its different ethnicities ) , and also being diverse is a different thing for brazil than for many other countries . 
  in brazil , almost everybody has a very mixed descent , so very few can identify with conflicting ethnicities or cultures . 
  brazil , apart from those tribes that are n't assimilated , is very much an example of a completed `` melting pot '' - it 's a smooth mix of european , african and native american roots , formed through centuries of common history . 
  now we only have the brown shit !, 
  yay !, 
  northern europe is one of the places where the temperatures ( well mostly the winter temperatures ) have risen the most . 
  the global trend is the sum of many changes , one of which is a significant increase in northern european winter temperatures . 
  an even clearer trend here is that the winters have come much later than usual . 
  at least we , uhh , beat france . 
  marginally . 
  devaluation is overrated these days . 
  investors will flock away from your currency , because there are so many stable currencies that do not risk devaluation ; this can hinder the currency for years . 
  it used to be that all currencies but the dollar were often devaluated , but nowadays euro , gbp , yen , yuan and many more are so stable that the investors do n't need to have reserves of yanky , uncertain , periodically devaluated currencies . 
  devaluation thus has more risks than it used to . 
  if the currency is not fiat , though , that can change things . 
  sweden iirc has actually grown faster after the recession . 
  just from last october to his october they grew 3,9 % while for example finland contracted 0,4 % . 
  king . 
  harald . 
  and the league of nations decided that we were right , so we were right . 
  league of nations , doing the right thing since 1918 . 
  league of nations , the supreme moral justice of the world . 
  league of nations , the most powerful thing in existence . 
  based league of nations . 
  in fact we want them to conquer us . 
  it would greatly improve our economic situation , plus our politicians are kinda shit at the moment anyways . 
  and the head of the state would be king harald , how cool is that !, 
  no , you 're danes and not belgian colonialists . 
  we are the colonialists . 
  hands are not going off . 
  and even if you are n't belgian , we still want your alcohol laws and gdp per capita . 
  like senseless mass surveillance , threatening free press that tries to report it , and limiting porn availability . 
  rule britannia !, 
  not so much owning firearms , but about using them : imo it 's the same deal as with cars . 
  you do n't let people drive without licences , even though cars are infinitely more useful than guns in 99 % of cases . 
  if even driving cars is n't a right , i see no reason that guns should be any different . 
  or , in a more ideal scenario , just tell their own message and get people to vote for them that way . 
  like justin trudeau , who stopped a long tradition of dirt talking in canada . 
  2 reasons : being a default makes the sub a far more attractive target to stormfront brigades and / pol / loons , and also brings a lot more impressionable people on the table . 
  even if the / pol / and stormfront crowds are just a tiny percentage of the users , their influence can radically shift the opinions through voting patterns etc. 
  the refugee crisis has made european people a bit more critical of immigration , but the difference is nowhere near as stark as it is here . 
  but that 's equally a factor . 
  in western europe , that only really applies to the far left parties . 
  social democrats on the other hand have a long tradition of moderacy , even here in finland they 've been moderates for more than 100 years . 
  not if the elections are done by region , like in finland . 
  the country has 9 `` counties '' , and each has between 5 and 30 proportionally chosen representatives depending on the population . 
  with our system , you still have the problem of party support - but with a small tweak , even that could go . 
  the 2nd round had a higher turnout , and the fn also received sigificantly less votes that round . 
  fn was only the 3rd most voted party in that round , both the republicans and the socialists soared with a higher turnout . 
  i mean , in a lot of experiments , they are actually simulating space with the particle accelerators . 
  lack of vitality in industry ? 
  let 's leave the eu and enact all of the protectionist measures we 've got planned out , so that the companies ca n't even import the raw materials or export their products competitively . 
  the regulations are too complicated for small companies ? 
  it 's the french way , the anglo capitalists are just trying to trick you . 
  structural inequality and a way too powerful elite ? 
  it 's the immigrants ' fault , now stop revolting and striking . 
  eastern europe requires military assistance ? 
  screw you nato , putin is our friend who totally is not trying to destabilize europe by funding our party . 
  worried about military/police state having too much power in france ? 
  now they have * all * the power . 
  that 's what their agenda looks like outside of closing the borders . 
  happy now ? 
  she probably lived in a primarily fenno-swedish community and/or municipality . 
  there are areas where they are the majority , but as a whole the figure is correct . 
  yeah , but then the workers just leave to switzerland or french guiana or chile , which is where the science is made . 
  the point was that those projects ( or at least the ones that do n't depend on special geography ) could be increasingly located at the countries that need the presence of educated workforce . 
  no , they do n't . 
  every nordic country except estonia ( which is tiny , so it wo n't even sway the numbers that much ) would still have significantly higher gdp per capita than finland . 
  finland would just rise from the poorest to the second poorest nordic country . 
  does it actually mean anything ? 
  if you pay rent vs. having a $ 200k apartment , and your income covers the rent exactly as well as it would cover the mortgage payments , you 're exactly as well off as you 'd be with the apartment . 
  the apartment is wealth , yes , but it 's also the kind of wealth that you ca n't just suddenly liquidate and make use of , like you can with stocks . 
  i 'd argue that it 's even an overall plus to the system .
