  most people are familiar with the book but not familiar with its reception in the scientific community nor its scientific criticisms . 
   in response to the growing controversy surrounding the bell curve , the american psychological association 's board of scientific affairs established a special task force to publish an investigative report on the research presented in the book . 
  [ 8 ] in their final report , titled intelligence : knowns and unknowns , [ 9 ] some of the task force 's findings supported or were consistent with statements from the bell curve . 
  they agreed that :  iq scores have high predictive validity for individual differences in school achievement . 
   iq scores have predictive validity for adult occupational status , even when variables such as education and family background have been statistically controlled . 
   there is little evidence to show that childhood diet influences intelligence except in cases of severe malnutrition . 
   regarding murray and herrnstein 's claims about racial differences and genetics , the apa task force stated :  there is certainly no such support for a genetic interpretation ... it is sometimes suggested that the black/white differential in psychometric intelligence is partly due to genetic differences ( jensen , 1972 ) . 
  there is not much direct evidence on this point , but what little there is fails to support the genetic hypothesis . 
   regarding statements about other explanations for racial differences , the apa task force stated [ emphasis added ] :  the differential between the mean intelligence test scores of blacks and whites ( about one standard deviation , although it may be diminishing ) does not result from any obvious biases in test construction and administration , nor does it simply reflect differences in socio-economic status . 
  explanations based on factors of caste and culture may be appropriate , but so far have little direct empirical support . 
  there is certainly no such support for a genetic interpretation . 
  at present , no one knows what causes this differential . 
  it 's a shame that most of the public criticisms centered around the supposed bias and invalidity of iq tests , and it 's also a shame how many people misunderstood the contents of the book - it did not contain sufficient evidence at all for racial determinism . 
  this is the danger of letting scientifically illiterate people read studies and panic all over . 
  you ca n't exactly shop around in the adoption process , and that factor only affects the study that compares upper middle class to lower ses adoptees . 
  not true . 
   dickens and flynn ( 2006 ) analyzed data from nine standardization samples for four major tests of cognitive ability . 
  they found that blacks gained 5.5 iq points on whites between 1972 and 2002 . 
  the gap between blacks and whites on a measure of g had narrowed almost to the same degree , that is , by 5.13 points https://www.apa.org/pubs/journals/releases/amp-67-2-130.pdf, 
  source ? 
  they explicitly did not disregard the origin of the children . 
  did you even read which two groups they were comparing ? 
  the fact that lower stature mothers abort more does not mean that they would give less children for adoption than higher income mothers . 
  there amount of parents choosing to opt out through either means is not equal across income groups . 
  oddly specific study ? 
  it 's a meta-analysis referencing tens of papers from about every corner of recent iq studies . 
  you also seem to be operating under the assumption that there would be a consensus behind your racial determinism without referencing , hmm , say , a meta-analysis that would see if there actually is one . 
  you mean the vanhanen-lynn figures ? 
  they included samples of mentally retarded children , surveys that excluded too high results , and blatantly incorrectly administered tests . 
  if you 'll read the other study i have linked , you 'll notice that excluding methodologically flawed surveys ( either unfavourably or favorably ) and including more recent surveys that vanhanen and lynn excluded gets a figure closer to 80 for sub-saharan africa . 
  and then you have to account all the other factors besides genetics , which are not limited to hdi . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would like to see a study about , say , people adopted from gabon and china in early childhood . 
  but just comparing two countries at their face value , even considering that they have similar hdi , might not be enough . 
   a meta-analysis available at the time of the neisser et al. 
  ( 1996 ) article found an effect of adoption of lower ses children by upper-middle-class parents of 12 points ( locurto , 1990 ) . 
   a subsequent adoption study by duyme , dumaret , and tomkiewicz ( 1999 ) found that the iq difference between children adopted by upper-middle-class parents and those adopted by lower ses parents was about 12 points . 
  look , they clearly specify that the adoptions they studied concerned adoptions that happened from lower - to higher income families . 
  i ca n't bother googling the exact statistics for all adoptions ( which is n't even relevant ) , but somehow i have the gut feeling that lower income families leave more orphaned kids than higher income families , and that higher income families are more likely to adopt said orphaned kids . 
  hell , they even have a minimum income limit for foster parents right there in the federal law . 
  you ca n't just take a correlation and think that it means causation without eliminating the other variables . 
  by that logic , we could just as well say that vaccines cause climate change . 
  it is * not * grasping the straws to require that other variables are eliminated , which many of the studies the article discusses are trying to do - and find that the differences start to shrink when you do . 
  differences in iq do not work that simply though . 
  sure , the difference in iq between , say , a human and a dog is clearly almost entirely genetic . 
  but you simply can not say the same when comparing different groups of humans . 
  there is no evidence that the raw genetic difference in iq between any two groups would even be in the order of 12-18 points . 
  ( this is mostly because it is an overwhelming task to isolate the rest of the variables . ), 
  individuals , likely yes . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that the bulk of the human genetic variance is between individuals and not continental groups , which makes this an even more difficult question to fully answer . 
  and that many groups who europeans view as homogeneous often exhibit the widest genetic variance , a prime example of this being sub-saharan africa which houses more genetic diversity than the entire eurasian continent . 
  a left-wing radical ? 
  which one of the authors ? 
  how does that have anything to do with the scientific validity of the arguments ? 
  the thing is , statistics do not magically change if different people write the articles . 
  author bias only becomes apparent in the analysis , or if they did scientific misconduct ( which you can find by reading the article , not by accusing people without any real life merit ) . 
  and there are plenty of reasons and sources that most adopted kids are from lower-income to upper-income families . 
  it seems to me , overwhelmingly even , that you are the one grasping straws . 
  totally ok to put communists in death camps then !, 
   sweden would at the very least have bent a lot , probably enough to hand in their refugees . 
  it 's for the best that they and their feeble impression of a military stayed out of the way when it would have created a ton of useless victims . 
  another country going poland 's way was not in anybody 's interests . 
  sweden in 1940 is not uk or usa or even france - they can not even deal considerable damage to the offender . 
  but no , let 's just throw more bodies to the grinder because of some hazy moral obligation to fight the baddies even when it causes more harm than good !, 
  of course . 
  i 'm certainly not happy that the people reporting iq studies tend to emphasize their insignificance or test bias , because there are actual scientific reasons not to believe heritability as the main reason , at least as much as certain researchers make it seem to be . 
  from my linked meta-analysis :  we can be confident that the environmental differences that are associated with social class have a large effect on iq . 
  we know this because adopted children typically score 12 points or more higher than comparison children ( e.g. , siblings left with birth parents or children adopted by lower ses parents ) , and adoption typically moves children from lower to higher ses homes . 
  a meta-analysis available at the time of the neisser et al. 
  ( 1996 ) article found an effect of adoption of lower ses children by upper-middle-class parents of 12 points ( locurto , 1990 ) . 
  a subsequent adoption study by duyme , dumaret , and tomkiewicz ( 1999 ) found that the iq difference between children adopted by upper-middle-class parents and those adopted by lower ses parents was about 12 points . 
  a recent meta-analysis by van ijzendoorn , juffer , and klein poelhuis ( 2005 ) found an average effect of adoption of 18 points . 
   ( ... )  one of the most telling of the studies was available at the time of the neisser et al. 
  ( 1996 ) report but was apparently not known to them . 
  this is an adoption study by moore ( 1986 ) . 
  she examined the iqs of black and mixedrace children averaging 81\u20442 years of age who were adopted by middle-class families who were either black or white . 
  the children who were of half-european origin had virtually the same average iq as the children who were of exclusively black origin . 
  hence european genes were of no advantage to this group of `` blacks . '' children ( both black and mixed-race ) adopted by white families had iqs 13 points higher on average than those adopted by black families , indicating that there were marked differences in the environments of black and white families relevant to socialization for iq ; indeed , the differences were large enough to account for virtually the entire black -- white gap in iq at the time of the study . 
   ( ... )  the academic achievements and high occupational profile of chinese and japanese americans have inspired speculation about genetic superiority ( lynn , 1987 ; rushton , 1995 ; weyl , 1969 ) . 
  flynn ( 1991 ) analyzed data from the coleman report for the high school graduating class of 1966 . 
  that large representative sample included a substantial number of asian americans . 
  the asian americans had about the same mean iq as white americans ( actually slightly lower ) but scored one third of a standard deviation higher on the sat than did white americans . 
  sat scores may reflect motivational differences -- for example , taking more and higher level math courses -- to a greater degree than do iq tests . 
  remarkably , chinese americans in the class of 1966 attained occupations of a professional , managerial , or technical nature at a rate 62 % higher than white americans . 
  the picture that results is that asian americans capitalize on a given level of intellectual ability much more than do european americans . 
   we can be confident that the environmental differences that are associated with social class have a large effect on iq . 
  we know this because adopted children typically score 12 points or more higher than comparison children ( e.g. , siblings left with birth parents or children adopted by lower ses parents ) , and adoption typically moves children from lower to higher ses homes . 
  a meta-analysis available at the time of the neisser et al. 
  ( 1996 ) article found an effect of adoption of lower ses children by upper-middle-class parents of 12 points ( locurto , 1990 ) . 
  a subsequent adoption study by duyme , dumaret , and tomkiewicz ( 1999 ) found that the iq difference between children adopted by upper-middle-class parents and those adopted by lower ses parents was about 12 points . 
  a recent meta-analysis by van ijzendoorn , juffer , and klein poelhuis ( 2005 ) found an average effect of adoption of 18 points . 
  https://www.apa.org/pubs/journals/releases/amp-67-2-130.pdf it seems that the environmental components are enormous . 
  you ca n't toss a potential difference of 12-18 points away because you think socioeconomic factors are feelgood bs . 
  https://www.apa.org/pubs/journals/releases/amp-67-2-130.pdf how about you actually read what we know and what we do not know . 
   we can be confident that the environmental differences that are associated with social class have a large effect on iq . 
  we know this because adopted children typically score 12 points or more higher than comparison children ( e.g. , siblings left with birth parents or children adopted by lower ses parents ) , and adoption typically moves children from lower to higher ses homes . 
  a meta-analysis available at the time of the neisser et al. 
  ( 1996 ) article found an effect of adoption of lower ses children by upper-middle-class parents of 12 points ( locurto , 1990 ) . 
  a subsequent adoption study by duyme , dumaret , and tomkiewicz ( 1999 ) found that the iq difference between children adopted by upper-middle-class parents and those adopted by lower ses parents was about 12 points . 
  a recent meta-analysis by van ijzendoorn , juffer , and klein poelhuis ( 2005 ) found an average effect of adoption of 18 points . 
   ( ... )  it should be acknowledged , however , that at present there is no way of knowing how much of the iq advantage for children with excellent environments is due to the environments per se and how much is due to the genes that parents creating those environments pass along to their children .
