  food stuffs and carpets are essentially what the persian culture is known for these days ( too bad , since they 've got so much more to give ) so it 's understandable . 
  my impression of geneva was a french city with too expensive food , a bit neater but no newer public transport ( mostly because france has new public transport as well , so it 's still very good ) , rolex and swatch stores every block , and weird glittery asphalt on the sidewalks . 
  progressiveness is probably a byproduct of the french-ness and the international bankers , but it 's definitely conservative on finnish standards - except for alcohol sales , thank god , please free us from this pain . 
  https://www.google.fi/search?q=largest+cities+in+france&amp;oq=largest+cities+in+france&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0l6.4212j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 this is the list by city proper , it seems that marseille proper is larger than lyon proper . 
  hardly representative , of course , as this mainly has to do with adminstrative divisions and not the importance of the urban region . 
  comparing the metropolitan areas , lyon is a bit larger indeed ( 2 200 000 vs 1 700 000 ) . 
  my short description of lyon would be a neater , less massive , and more bourgeoisie version of paris . 
  the architecture is quite similar in the stylistic coherency ( just replace the dark roofs with red ones ) , the metro is modern and mostly neat , the skyline is punctured with a couple of skyscrapers and a romantic hilltop cathedral . 
  for suburbs , you have a smaller neutered version of the paris * banlieues . 
  * the city still has a lot of the familiar french noise and hustle and bustle , so do n't think it is a boring silent stockholm . 
  marseille might be a slightly less important urban region , but for most people it will be a lot more unique and interesting to read about . 
  `` herrasv\u00e4en belgiaa '' means roughly `` bourgeoisie belgium '' or `` gentlefolks ' belgium '' , the other person did n't translate that part . 
  here it 's sort of a subtitle for the antwerpen section . 
  in other words , the author was a finn . 
  the whole article had a tongue-in-cheek tone , so it 's to be expected . 
  finns are n't really `` shocked '' about the swedish immigration apart from the far-right symphatizers , most just see it as being taken somewhat too far ( some most pro-immigration people might even support it ) - we usually do n't have extreme reactions about politics anyways , which can be a good or a bad thing . 
  double vowels are very common in finnic languages ( it has roughly the same phonetic effect as a long accent , as in '' \u00e9 '' ; just prolong the sound longer still ) so i suppose it was the natural way of writing it . 
  not that the investors would care :p a small drop by a few stupid layman investors can turn into turmoil if the algorithms happen to catch it simultaneously . 
  tell me , what is the country that you are from , where you have a considerably higher risk of being murdered or assaulted than in europe ? 
  western europe consistently leads the charts in near all statistical safety metrics . 
  usa , for instance , has over 4 times more homicides per capita than germany , uk , france , switzerland , or netherlands . 
  any large fears relating to recent news are irrational , sensationalistic , and statistically unsound . 
  says the dane . 
  * the legend goes : a group of dutchmen were on a trip around europe . 
  they saw beautiful 20-year old easy swedish women with daddy issues on the beach , and started flirting with them . 
  well , one thing led to another , and soon the sweaty dutchmen found themselves very relaxed and satisfied on splendidly built ikea beds . 
  * * at this point in european history , neither birth control nor abortion nor coathangers were very well developed . 
  5 months after being dutched , the swedes attempted all sorts of tricks to terminate their very unwanted pregnancies . 
  eating copious amounts of surstr\u00f6mming , bludgeoning their bellies with the bluntest weapons they could find ( morakniv ) , even persuading mean-looking finns to stare at their bellies for short amounts of time . 
  with no success . 
  * * after the relatively painful births , they then had to swallow their prides and start raising the children . 
  their children grew almost as tall and beautiful as their fathers and mothers , but the more they grew , the more apparent it became that they had some disabilities in learning their mothers ' beautiful smooth language . 
  the doctors concluded that these disabilities were the results of the crude abortion methods . 
  * * even at 18 years of age , all that the children could utter was horrible , inhumane , unintelligible jumbling out of the deepest slumbers of lovecraft 's novels . 
  such was the horror of the naturally superficial and vain swedes at this imperfection , that they moved their children to the southernmost part of sweden ( which was effectively a land bridge to germany ) and cut it off from the rest of the country with a giant trench * . 
  * those children then suffered through centuries of misunderstanding and mischief because of their intellectual and lingual disabilities , but eventually an order of some kind was formed , after they found a perversion of a language that they could all pretend to understand and speak . 
  out of this order arose a country to their side of the trench , that was named dan-mag ( or more intelligibly , denmark . ), 
  some of the less intellectually disfigured children unfortunately remained on the swedish side of the trench , but that 's a different story for a different time . 
  actually , the `` economical feasibility '' argument is kinda flimsy with the channel tunnel . 
  it only considers the income from the tolls , that the private owners/builders use to finance their investment . 
  in terms of the society and the rest of the economy , it 's actually quite great . 
  as a private investment , it was poor , but as a public investment , it is just what it is meant to be . 
  the hki-tln tunnel would be mainly about connecting helsinki and tallinn into one metropolitan region , with a feasible commute between the two . 
  that would allow people to live in tallinn and work in helsinki , and vice versa ; the channel tunnel did not do that . 
  thanks to the geology of the baltic sea and the advancements in technology , it 's a much cheaper project than the channel tunnel was . 
  the cost analysis , with 3 of the 13 billion euros allocated for unexpected expenses , seems okay . 
  as a big public project , it could make sense since our economy sorely needs stimulus anyways - the eu funds help too . 
  just do n't expect it to make much money from the tolls alone . 
  sweden is well off economically , so they probably could afford the extra economic burden . 
  but the type of learning in the military * is * quite vague in terms of career benefits . 
  a voluntary conscription could also make sense , because especially the lowest social classes actually do benefit from those opportunities . 
  if you already have motivation and a type of a career plan , career-oriented education is more beneficial for you economically ; but if you do n't have any direction for your life , any type of an easily available experience probably improves your possibilities in life . 
  those people who do benefit would probably otherwise spend a gap year , or just go directly unemployed . 
  ( voluntary conscription differs from a professional army , in that you still employ mass army tactics , the soldiers are not hired but paid the same allowance as in normal military service , and the entry to the army is as easy as under mandatory conscription ), 
  i agree . 
  the largest cost of the conscription is the ~ 3 % reduction ( assuming a 12 month service ) in the male effective career length . 
  you could spend all that time doing something that directly helps your career ( like studying or working ) , instead of becoming vaguely tougher by running around in mud , eating some of the worst food of your life , and shooting rifles under extremely strict rules . 
  it 's a big economic tradeoff . 
  the largest cost is economic . 
  not the raw amount of spending , but reducing the men 's effective work life by at least half a year . 
  the absolute minimum service length , 6 months , is about 1,5 % of the career , which will then directly reduce the gross tax output and economic activity by men . 
  the problem is though , half of the population will consequentially cost money and contribute nothing to the society for a considerable amount of time , while also delaying their own useful education . 
  the primary cost of conscription is not the increased defense spending ( because it does n't necessarily even increase ) , it 's the opportunity cost of using the men 's time for something more economically useful . 
  conscription might make them tougher or something , but it does n't teach you engineering or medicine or business ; the possible specialization paths only offer very limited education about the generalities of the field , and few people actually get to do something useful for their careers . 
  the most important other criticisms are value-based : inequality ( unfair for males ) and the loss of personal liberty for life decisions . 
  til 3,6 % = 1/5 . 
  also , sweden has reduced many of the taxes during the last decade 's economic liberalization efforts , it 's not like the taxes would be higher than before or anything . 
  hell , it 's the same across the world . 
  before reaganomics and trickle down economy , the maximum income tax rate in usa was 95 % and in uk 90 % . 
  ^ ( * it 's a fat joke * ), 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
  ^ ( i 'll see myself out ), 
  and the companies that bought the credits lost the same amount of money for `` nothing . '', 
  no new money in the equation . 
  the exact same effect would have been reached by taxing pollution and subsidizing the less polluting companies ( minus the bureaucracy involved ) , but the eu wanted a market-based solution so they came up with the emissions market . 
  the market happened to plummet because of carbon and pollution credit abundance ( too much supply ) , so this income transfer fell in value quickly and did n't have the intended amount of effect . 
  still , the existence of market means that 30 billion euros are lost from polluting companies and gained by less polluting companies . 
  as i implied , it did n't reduce the emissions enough because there were too many allowances . 
  and no new money was created . 
  companies that polluted more had less money after the trading , and companies that polluted less had more . 
  you do n't create money by making something of value . 
  banks alone create money with their complicated loan schemes . 
  there was no new money . 
  the companies that polluted more had to buy the allowances from companies that polluted less . 
  that is effectively a market-based income transfer . 
  the 5 billion euros , lost in 2008 and 2009 , was a result of a loophole that was later plugged . 
  it had to do with the vat payments in carbon credit transfers . 
  as i said , it was traded from companies that polluted more than their allowances/credits let them to companies that polluted less than their allowances/credits let them . 
  there 's no conspiracy , it was a market-based approach to compensating for the external costs of pollution . 
  effectively a pollution tax that was determined by a market . 
  and the market fell rapidly in value because the eu gave too much allowances , so polluting became dirt cheap . 
  it was essentially traded between the companies that either got too little or sufficiently co2 permissions for their current productions . 
  the eu distributed all of it for free , as you might recall . 
  nobody had to buy any more permissions . 
  it had very little effect , specifically because of this abundance . 
  the emissions became dirt cheap because there was so much permissions . 
  merkel is n't a friend of putin . 
  le pen is . 
  it 's like a person with cancer who 'd rather stay home because if a mild fever than go to chemo . 
  the carbon market failed because the emissions were dirt cheap - they are essentially abundant atm .
