renzi has been doing some additional spending , but mainly in order to provide stimulus for the private sector . 
  at the same time , he has attempted to end the wasteful italian political class ( i.e. 
  6-figure annual senate salaries , government lamborghinis for every senator and so on ) . 
  however , this increase in efficiency wo n't be enough to account for the expenses of the stimulus for several years . 
  he is not a big fan of overly strict budget balancing , so he 's not increasing the taxes or cutting down the social programs in order to afford all this . 
  this part is what germany does not like at all . 
  iirc renzi would also prefer printing out money for extra inflation . 
  germany does not like that either . 
  they 're not coming to the uk . 
  their only premise in southern italy is the existing corruption , which allows for the criminal business . 
  the stagnation would just be for gdp per capita though , and it 's already begun ( as in : the gdp per capita reaches 2008 levels in 2018 ), 
  it can be fixed though . 
  the reason europe built cern was to prevent the physicist brain drain to usa . 
  ehh , renzi just wants stimulus instead of austerity . 
  he only gets bad press in northern europe because we love the latter . 
  renzi is against berlusconi 's spending sprees , costly political system , and corruption . 
  he is one of the best prime ministers in europe atm , when taking into consideration how incredibly difficult and large a country italy is to manage . 
   white sjws happy not as long as america is # 1 on health . 
  this is just a bullshit index . 
  ^ ( sorry , but that 's just such an american thing to say ), 
  the picture is of the moscow city area . 
  sorta ironical to include the most obvious sign of the immense russian gdp growth of the past few years ( not anymore hehe ) in an article like that . 
  it 's not red per se , red is an awesome and vibrant colour . 
  it 's that in this picture , that particular shade of red does n't seem to blend in with the pale blue buildings that well ( your mileage may vary ) it 'll probably look much better as a proper render or irl . 
  the concept itself is very good , and i love the current direction of the tallinn architecture . 
  tallinn already beats helsinki in both history and skyscrapers , these sorts of smaller projects are going to do a lot for the normal cityscape which is still a bit neater ( if sometimes less lively ) here in the north . 
  then it would just be about getting a shower of multiculturalism and immigrants , and bing , we have an exemplary nordic city !, 
  it 's because finland has loads and loads of forests per capita . 
  wood is a material that is seen as traditional , ecological , and natural at the same time . 
  the expansion of wood construction worldwide could help to compensate for the losses that the decrease in the paper demand ( the word goes `` iphone killed nokia , now ipad is killing our paper industry '' ) has caused to our wood industry . 
  oh , the modernity of our churches ? 
  yes , some of the old wooden ones have burned but many have also been rebuilt over and over again . 
  the real reason is that it was only in the 1950s when finland started to be developed enough to have nice churches outside the largest cities . 
  also , the rapid urbanization that took place when finland finally reached western european standards of living required new churches for the increased urban population . 
  btw , if you think brutalism and commieblock suburbs were a soviet thing only , you are mistaken !, 
  :p almost all of europe , and even some places in usa , have had their fair share of corbusier . 
  you just do n't usually see that in the places that you would normally visit . 
  sure !, 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/metropol_parasol http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2014/04/wooden-skyscrapers http://keskustakirjasto.fi/en/kaannos-is-a-multidimensional-building/ http://www.visithelsinki.fi/nae-ja-koe/nahtavyydet/kampin-hiljentymiskappeli, 
  if any modern architect tried to design something like that , he would be condemned for creating kitsch and not trying to innovate . 
  ( unless in a romanian bling bling gypsy village or in the saudi arabian tourist mecca ) imo , after the rock bottom that was 60s concrete brutalism , modern architecture has advanced by leaps and bounds . 
  maybe some architects like norman foster ca n't seem to get beyond the `` weird glass shape '' look ( his most recent works have been a real trainwreck despite a huge catalogue of past successes ) , but especially the recent resurge in wooden construction looks really promising in its combination of futurism and familiarity . 
  i think the building looks like it would be far better looking irl than in this vague concept picture . 
  although i really hope they would change the colours , that red does n't really suit its surroundings at all . 
  and those black iron shapes look really out of place here . 
   the eu does not have an armed force the member states ( especially france and uk ) have more than enough military forces even for long-distance operations , but nobody wants to get directly involved . 
  one thing that should be done , though , is to kick the rest of the russian elite out of europe until putin has changed his mind . 
  but that 's not gon na happen as long as they own a considerable portion of london city . 
  usa is still the biggest bully and hence the most feared . 
  disproportionately so , i agree . 
  a nation should be able to choose not to pay their debts , like iceland . 
  it is the debtor 's risk to make an investment on something that may or may not make a profit . 
  argentina 's case is against common sense , ethics , and the idea of a free market . 
  especially so if the debtor is a vulture fund and has ignored earlier agreements on debt restructuring , which was supposed to give at least some returns to the original debtors . 
  in this case , the only ones to benefit from the situation are a few investors . 
  the crisis is hindering global development and regional stability with a lot of collateral damage ( the people of argentina ) . 
  argentina can not realistically pay the debt back entirely in its foreseeable future . 
  the crime is that argentina was let to borrow so much money in the first place . 
  the creditors knew what they were doing even better than the corrupt government of a developing country . 
  blaming argentinians for what their government did 20 years back is like trying to jail an adult for shoplifting when he was a child . 
  oh , it 's not the europeans who are paranoid about this . 
  it is the middle east , sub-saharan africa , the more socialist parts of latin america , russia 's soi , and some asian countries where america really is hated . 
  basically anyone who either is under an embargo by usa ( keep talking about that trade hegemony , will ya ) , or is screwed by american companies , or just has some colonial history . 
  there are a fuckton of conspiracy theories and fearmongering going around . 
  sometimes it even make sense to fear usa . 
  argentinians have a reason to complain if the u.s supreme court babysits wall street 's vulture funds that threaten the stability and welfare of an entire nation . 
  they probably would have . 
  the nuclear capability , as functional as it was in 1993 , could have made them more powerful and independent than poland . 
  finland is n't much cheaper i 'm afraid , mostly even more expensive than sweden . 
  thanks for your * concise * and * fully impartial * sum-up . 
  it would have been enough to say that berlusconi said `` finns know nothing about cuisine '' while doing his thing , and we wanted to prove him wrong . 
  roasted reindeer ( no sauce ) , mashed potatoes , and lingonberry jam is the superior finnish way , do not be tempted by the others . 
  you should be , he 's a lousy president and does n't do justice to his name . 
  it could . 
  i 'm a normal reddit armchair economist , so it 's not like i 'd really know . 
  euro does not necessarily boost development , but rather requires it . 
  that 's why i said that poland would be better off waiting until it is developed to a level that is similar to the richer countries . 
  while the german public finances are somewhat burdened by the union already ( a fiscal one would aggravate that ofc ) , its private sector is very dependent on the export advantage provided by the currency that is undervalued - from the german perspective - due to the weaker member states . 
  for poles , i think that the euro will become a more viable option over time no matter what changes will be made . 
  this is simply because poland will develop and eventually reach the same level of wealth as the currently stronger countries . 
  but as long as poland is considerably worse off than western europe , it should not join in a monetary union with them . 
  and some subreddits purposefully fuck up their css for np visitors . 
  that 's the most kitsch i 've seen in a while . 
  the dutch seem to be really good at this , given how quickly they managed to build an entire province on water . 
  the median household income does not reflect the situation of a minimum wage employee . 
  while the wages for every sector in the us have steadily increased , the median wage has stagnated because a disproportionate amount of the youth ends up working for walmart or other low-paying jobs . 
  usa also has one of the highest proportions of low-paying jobs in the developed world . 
  while the middle class is doing very well , it is shrinking . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  that 's exactly why the unemployment is declining in uk and usa . 
  easier to hire workers when you do n't need to worry about their wages . 
  how is this relevant at all ? 
  uk is not a nordic country and neither is germany . 
  and besides , the actual nordic countries ( aside from sweden ) have n't exactly been growth centers for the last couple of years . 
  most estonians are still far more conservative than the nordic folks , even though the country is mainly nonreligious and has made huge leaps in terms of education and services . 
  it will take a while before the general consensus shifts in favor of gay rights , but seeing how small estonia is and how rapidly it has changed before , the wait wo n't necessarily be very long . 
  a lot of people blame the soviet regime for the conservative attitudes , but i 'd rather attribute that to the religious/nationalist backslash that occurred after the breakdown of the ussr . 
  the regime did not care about gays , they had entire nations to oppress . 
  europe has boatloads of fresh water . 
  it would take a couple hundred years of climate change and a vastly larger population before any serious shortages would occur , and it 's not like our surplus water would somehow be beneficial for less developed areas .
