i would n't call it guilt , but rather a respect for their past . 
  germans perhaps might seek to redeem their nation , but above all us they seek to learn from the past , and ** refuse to allow the same cancerous extremist ideologies to rise , as they did in the 20th century ** . 
  to the inevitable neonazis that will invade this thread and spew fascist nonsense ; fuck off . 
  i and the people over at / r/australia are ashamed and disgusted by it . 
  that 's a pretty big generalization , is n't there the popular kurdish party/separatist movement rojava , socialist/pro-feminist/pro-west / pro-secular etc ? 
  i 'm sure there are people who hold archaic values but i 'm also sure there are many people who hold values more in line with left leaning modern western thought . 
  is n't the bbc an independent public broadcaster ? 
  i do n't think the government forces them to pursue a certain narrative like in china or something . 
  ah unquestionable and totally irrefutable anecdotal evidence . 
  a small group of refugees , who have probably spent their entire savings and wealth getting to europe , and who may also be hungry , are desperate , who would have thought it ? 
  i look forward to the quality of modern , secular and empathetic discussion that is about to occur in this thread . 
  i also look forward to the abundant emphasis that is going to be placed on human rights , dignity and equality . 
  [ we 've been rivals with the poms for quite some time now . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_ashes ), 
  no they do n't . 
  the kurds are constantly deprived of basic liberties and cultural freedom . 
  also , i ca n't change what my ancestors did , the genocide against the aboriginal people will for ever be a stain on my country 's history . 
  but at least we recogonise this , and try to remedy it . 
  unlike your government and popular denial of the armenian and greek genocides . 
   i am sick and done with their religious backward culture lmao , you ca n't be serious . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_of_kurdish_people_in_turkey https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/europe-and-central-asia/turkey/report-turkey/ https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2016/12/turkey-curfews-and-crackdown-force-hundreds-of-thousands-of-kurds-from-their-homes/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/06/what-about-our-human-rights-kurds-feel-force-turkeys-crackdown, 
  but you do n't get it . 
  kurdistan should not be apart of the turkey . 
  i hate to be the one to say this , but the kurds fucking hate how they 've been treated over the years . 
  simply put , kurds see themselves as kurds , and see turks as foreign occupiers at best . 
  i do n't think your truly recognise how terrible the turkish government has , and continues to treat the kurdish people . 
  australia was a dominion back then , meaning we were still effectively a puppet state of the british empire . 
  this is to say that australia was merely a foot soldier in the empire , nothing more . 
  it was the british and the french that tried to partition turkey . 
  also kurdish self-determination is n't going to destroy turkey . 
  australia was n't oppressing western australia , or depriving them of their culture , or actively engaging in state terrorism against them . 
  also western australia were denied independence by the british empire , as they were then in charge of those issues . 
  again , you 're using strawman arguments . 
  the two situations are no where near comparable . 
  while western australians at the time felt ignored or left out by the eastern states ( as they still often do ) , the kurdish people are being murdered , and terrorised . 
  not to mention the fact that they are oppressed politically , culture and economically . 
  hypocrites like you , who whine about the evil western colonizers while actively depriving people of self-determination and justifying authoritarian oppression will always remain hilarious . 
  as long as isis does n't achieve world domination , i suspect they will continue to be terrorists . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to compare islamist lunatics to kurdish nationalists . 
  the goal of the kurdish nationalists is for the kurdish people to be able to determine their own future , independent of turkish meddling and oppression . 
  all i ask is that the turkish government allow the kurdish people to exercise their ** right of self-determination ** by way of a un observed referendum on independence . 
  `` conscious of the need for the creation of conditions of stability and well-being and peaceful and friendly relations based on respect for the principles of equal rights and self-determination of all peoples , and of universal respect for , and observance of , human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race , sex , language or religion , '' - united nations : declaration on the granting of independence to colonial countries and peoples ( 1960 ) . 
  their demands are n't unreasonable , in fact they 're entitled to them . 
  and if the kurdish people were allowed to exercise their right to self-determination there would be no pkk terrorism . 
  maybe , just maybe , if the turks stopped their decades of oppression and allowed the kurdish people self-determination , then there would be no acts of terrorism . 
  i 'm not condoning acts of terror against the innocent . 
  but have you ever left your nationalist bubble and asked yourself * why * these people have to resort to barbaric acts of terror ? 
  edit : `` conscious of the need for the creation of conditions of stability and well-being and peaceful and friendly relations based on respect for the principles of equal rights and self-determination of all peoples , and of universal respect for , and observance of , human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race , sex , language or religion , '' - united nations : declaration on the granting of independence to colonial countries and peoples ( 1960 ) . 
  if it 's not too late ; i would like to reserve pomerania , or milan , or a dutch opm . 
  the usa were/are the good guys in this conflict . 
  most of the time life is full of moral complexity and nuance . 
  this is an exception to that rule . 
  one less ethnic minority for serbs to commit genocide against . 
  shame . 
  not . 
  it would 've been more appropriate for britain as they 're supplying the saudis with weapons to commit mass murder in yemen !, 
  no , i said not being a populist demagogue is a good thing . 
  read what i said again , and this time with more care . 
   capitalism is supported by capitalists , that 's all . 
  you completely refused to admit it , and deflect with a statement that is both obvious and irrelevant . 
  capitalism , and capitalists , are the elite . 
  by supporting their economic system you are in at least some capacity supporting the elite . 
  as such , your stance as a populist and anti-elitist is nothing more than a facade . 
  this is why le pen lost, 
  i 'm not arguing the merits of liberal economics , nor did i ask you to defend it . 
  the point is , capitalism is the economic model supported by the rich and the elites . 
  therefore , you , or any other right wing demagogue is merely pretending to be anti-elite , whilst on a substantive level being quite the effective tool of business interests . 
  so please , i ask again , if you 're going to go down the road of accusing others of being stooges of the rich , then be sure you are n't yourself one . 
  there 's nothing wrong with not being a populist demagogue ( in fact it 's a good thing ) , but pretending to be supportive of the popular will of the oppressed and forgotten , is frankly callous and pathetic . 
  donald trump , namely . 
  peter theil as well . 
  in australia there 's this mining magnate that loves to fund hard-right idiots . 
  i 'm sure i could cherry pick more for almost any ideology outside of the far-left , so this is n't really a strong argument . 
  for the economic model , i was referring to capitalism , obviously . 
  you ca n't really be ` anti-elite ' whilst supporting capitalism . 
  napoleon wanted to unite europe as well . 
  so did the communists . 
  and now liberals want to . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous to claim that because one ideological movement wanted to unite europe , then someone who wants to unite europe supports that ideology . 
  also , hitler wanted to dominate europe under his fascist greater german reich , not form a union , so your argument is even more bizarre . 
  your anti-elitism is a little bit hilarious as well . 
  i mean , supporters of the far-right have historically been , and currently are the wealthy . 
  also , how can you claim to be anti-elite when you support their favoured economic model ? 
  if you 're going to go down the road of accusing others of being stooges of the rich , then be sure you are n't yourself one . 
   the presence of a very large and backwards middle eastern ethnic minority lmao . 
  turkey 's the one with an islamist regime , not the kurds . 
  the kurds in syria for example have equality of men and women established in their constitution , most western countries do n't even have that !, 
  i mean , turkey keep electing an islamist tin pot wannabe ( soon to be ??? ), 
  dictator , so i 'm more or less inclined to think that turkey is the backwards country . 
  all genocides are bad . 
  and if i see a russian denying the holodomor on reddit i 'll call them out on it . 
  the last time you guys mass deported a disliked ethnic minority the turkish government committed a massive genocide , so i 'm going to take your comment as more of a threat . 
  yes it does . 
  in russia , and turkey , elections are mostly ( if not entirely ) legitimate , but never fair . 
  the respective governments repress civil rights , the opposition , and control media , political narratives and institutions such as courts . 
  therefore , both regimes can be categorized as an ` authoritarian democracy ' or ` illiberal democracy ' . 
  you 're probably right about if turkey becomes friendly again , but my opinion wo n't change , and i 've hated the west 's pandering to insecure turkish nationalism . 
  the armenian genocide was a genocide , and the kurds have a right to self-determination . 
  uncle putin is n't going to be happy about this ... 
  give the kurds an independence referendum , and see if there is any kurdish terrorism afterwards .
