that building on the right in the 16th image was demolished by the gdr [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_palace,_berlin ) . 
  they 're rebuilding it though . 
  it is set to be completed in 2018-19, 
  literal translation, 
  / r/cirkeltrek , the dutch circle jerk, 
  elections ca n't be held on sundays in the netherlands because we have a minority in our bible belt that refuses to use public transport on those days and would thus have difficulty going to the polls, 
  because most things in australia do that . 
  \\ + police incompetence, 
  bush had this all `` that 's old europe '' thing going when it came to denouncing the countries that did n't support the iraq war . 
  that 's not actually a rule then, 
  the pedestrian in that pedestrian crossing notice looks like he is in the thriller music video . 
  my sarcasm radar is n't working, 
  [ legend ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/user:mit_harvard_observatory/treemap-index ), 
  well , hitler did a lot of drugs, 
  ben goldacre : bad pharma, 
  is n't going to happen . 
  farmaceutical companies have been trying to do this for years but arousal is just too much in the head for women . 
  their marketing was very apparent a few years ago in the form of human interest stories in magazines and on tv about women with sexual disinterest . 
  viagra actually has the same fysialogical effect in women , namely genital blood flow , but a change in that does n't even register with a large percentage of women . 
  when it is compared in studies where this is measured and compared to self-reported arousal there is little correlation . 
  it also rained a lot . 
  not unusual for this time of year but it is annoying . 
  damn it , now i fall through the basket as somebody who has n't actually watched most of it yet . 
  my sister , who has , swears she can now understand danish though , skat , 
  tulip mania was n't confined to nl , the french participated in it just as well the german for the netherlands is * die niederlanden *, 
  5 seasons of * borgen * makes danish more and more understandable, 
  a skeptic society , something we do n't have and belgium does, 
  because it favors the establishment ? 
  that 's a nice t-shirt you are wearing, 
  it is fairly likely that there are still hidden trials as long as there are trials being published that had n't been registered . 
  you 're living in a dream world if you think this has been realized . 
  there have been plenty trials published that had n't been registered for there to be no trials that were n't published for showing the `` wrong '' results . 
  or little big planet !, 
  stephen fry ftw, 
    `` but we will use open source software where possible . 
  that is our policy . '', 
  this has been policy for years , only the public does n't get to notice it that often . 
  web developer friends of mine got a lot of work porting government websites to joomla !, 
  a few years back . 
  the queen 's abdication is still talked about , and the nationalization of sns bank . 
  [ reality ( 2012 ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1846487/ ) is a fun movie, 
  wooden clogs, 
  not in daily life . 
  but they have their place : they are outdoor shoos for when you need to walk though land that 's only just above water . 
  farmers still use them . 
  some people like to wear them when gardening . 
  oh , so it 's like us urban dutch foke trying to pawn off limburg to the belgians !, 
  our racist politicians and their support come in large part from there and their language is incomprehensible , they even have their own wikipedia . 
  what 's the deal with skane ? 
  we 're one ahead yes , but the sea has by no means a score of zero . 
  remember 1953 ? 
  not really . 
  my parents think it will inevitably lead to me ending up dead in a ditch . 
  i 've never actually felt unsafe while hitchhiking though and people who stop to give you a ride have almost exclusively been nice people . 
  it feels a bit like the social equivalent of bungy jumping : rational says you 're going to be fine but you have to push yourself a bit to make the first step . 
  i get rides really quickly since i do n't come across as very threatening as a single white female . 
  you look on hitchwiki for advice from other hitchhikers as to what good spots are . 
  sometimes you ca n't do any better but most of the time when you have n't been picked up within half an hour you 're standing in the wrong spot source : have some experience hitchhiking . 
  keep living in that dream world . 
  you do realize you are writing that message on a device that was produced in asia ? 
  you live in a country . 
  it 's economy is completely ruled by multinational who could n't care less about where exactly their head office is located as long as the best talent from around the world can work at it . 
  it 's hilarious how you think that there is such a thing as `` british society '' . 
  wake up , all world economies are tied together and if you want to play by yourself you 've lost the big game, 
  you can be less than 50 % and still be a large part . 
  in a group of this size it 's a big deal if 20 % of it share a characteristic . 
  i mean , most european countries have a muslim population of 5-10 percent and you would n't say they have n't had an impact on society, 
  remove `` skilled workforce '' and you lose that position . 
  that workforce is for a large part not native to the uk . 
  making it super difficult for people from other european countries to move to london is just bad for business . 
  making it unpredictable what sort of whimsical legislation the uk is going to implement that makes it different from other european countries is bad for business . 
  being outside of the eu is bad for business . 
  they need to move somewhere , berlin is a good option, 
  [ this joke of them on twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/ryanair/status/747783207995740160 ) is also fairly funny, 
  it was n't censored in the original broadcast . 
  youtube has community guidelines . 
  the british in india were very british . 
  it 's a form of home sickness . 
  i taught you that . 
  i am doing the teaching , you are doing the leaning , so you ca n't thank me for something you do . 
  i only learned the distinction between prize and price something like last year . 
  it 's tricky since a difference you do n't hear . 
  edit : and spell check wo n't help . 
  i ca n't live without a spell checker . 
  fyi : price us what you pay , prize is what you win . 
  in this case it 's not a prize but an award . 
  do n't know what the difference between a prize and an award is , but that is the common translation . 
  we do n't have a district system like the uk . 
  every party has a list of candidates you can vote for in the election . 
  you can either vote for the party leader or give a preference vote for any of the runner ups . 
  the default ranking is done by the party but you can get # 16 in parliament over # 14 if they get a lot of preference votes . 
  how many seats a party gets is based on the total votes to all their listed candidates . 
  this is what the ballot looks like : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:2009_stembiljet_in_cabine.jpg, 
  `` second chamber '' is what the dutch call parliament . 
  the senate is the first chamber . 
  most of the time it still takes some time for a law to go into effect after it is approved . 
  i would still be breaking the law were i to say that trump is a narcissistic crybaby who is so insecure that he has no shame in accepting the praise of white supremacist . 
  conservatives got 31 % of the votes and a controlling share of the house . 
  why the uk election results were the worst in history , cgpgrey video : https://youtu.be/r9rgx91rq5i, 
  parent sort of implies biological relatedness,
