  i work in the city and will vote to leave . 
  it is likely that most hedge funds will vote to leave too . 
  if the uk leave , financial institutions will lose the access to the eu market . 
  so they will do the same as zurich and apply eu law anyway . 
  democracy do n't matter , only the companies have something to say . 
  since the eu benefit them , the uk wo n't leave it is simple as that . 
  look at the tpp . 
  i do n't understand his argument . 
  he is saying that he wants the uk to stay in the european common market . 
  and then he says that the uk wo n't have to obey to the common market rules . 
  they do n't like this deal , they are forced to obey to the eu , for instance they had to end the bank secrecy even though they did n't want to . 
  because their economy rely on the eu . 
  it will be the same for the uk . 
  you will have to comply with eu 's and the usa 's orders even more than today . 
  but , the city wo n't let you leave the eu , so it 's ok . 
  do n't worry , the lobbyists in wall street and the city will find a way . 
  switzerland [ has to adopt eu laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland%e2%80%93european_union_relations ) , but does n't have anything to say in its making . 
  i do n't really see the appeal . 
  london is the financial hub of europe because of the freedom of capital provided by the eu . 
  that 's why the uk was so eager to enter in the union in the first place . 
  and since the city of london own the conservatives , the uk wo n't leave the eu . 
  you probably want a time machine , because nowadays [ she would disappoint you . 
  ] ( http://blog.lefigaro.fr/peopolitique/abaca_132827_08.jpg ), 
  because before the media was busy with greece . 
  in a few weeks another topic will replace all news about the immigration crisis , even though it wo n't be over . 
  dheepan was great . 
  r\u00e9alit\u00e9 was good if you like that genre . 
  la loi du march\u00e9 was a good social portrait . 
  l'ombre des femmes is a good artsy movie . 
  governments always find excuses to pass laws that people do n't like : national security , terrorism , pedophilia , economics , etc. 
  the eu is just another way . 
  you forgot the mistresses and the camembert . 
   as far as i know it is against the law to terminate them barring something extraordinary . 
  do n't know if this qualifies according to french law . 
  you seems to be an expert in french labour law , could you enlighten us about how this work ? 
  or do you just repeat whatever the media says ? 
  you seems to be an expert in french labour law . 
  could you inform us how the legal balance is so heavily tilted in favor of workers ? 
   all the great things de gaulle achieved what are you talking about ? 
  de gaulle disolved the parliamant and his party was elected . 
  right wing politicians then had the power until 1981 . 
  in france public transportation is good in big cities , but once you venture into less populated areas cars became obligatory . 
  la sorbonne does n't exist since 1970 . 
  and it 's not a good university in france , especially in political science . 
  the quota system is far from perfect . 
  but it is a good thing for culture in general . 
  you vastly underestimate the impact american culture has in france . 
  american productions are sold for peanuts in france . 
  so when a producer have a choice between taking risk by introducing something new or buying the rights of an american tv show for instance , they always chose the latter option . 
  do n't get me wrong i love a lot of american tv shows , movies , music , etc , they are among my favorites . 
  but i also want to have the possibility to have something different . 
  which is very rare because it is not financially responsible for producers . 
  it is well known in psychology that facts contradicting people beliefs [ actually reinforces those beliefs ] . 
  ( http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2010/07/11/how_facts_backfire/ ) so instead of fighting daech we will continue to host immigrants , which make daech even stronger because they have less opponents in syria . 
  you 're right i overlooked the numbers , i thought eastern europe was more populated . 
  but my point was that if you take the countries which are against the quota system , it is more than enough to block germany 's will . 
  for instance france publicly said that it was against it but did nothing to counter it . 
  they are just dishonest by blaming everything on germany . 
  the eu is just a symptom of the political state in europe . 
  it would be a stretch to call india and brazil democracies . 
  and the usa 's political system allow rich people to literally buy elections . 
  i hope you 're right , and that european countries will be able to keep theirs independence . 
  but the center of gravity of the world is shifting away from europe . 
  [ when you look at the expected population growth it 's crazy . 
  ] ( http://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/graphs/ ) call me a pessimist , but when you combine that with the diminishing natural resources , climate change , the rise of extremism , etc. , i do n't see how we can avoid another world war . 
  at least with the atomic bombs it will be a short war . 
   why ? 
  why is it even the uk 's business or concern , how other countries govern themselves , provided that they are democratic ? 
  i do n't want the uk to be telling other countries in europe how to govern themselves . 
  i am happy for them to govern themselves . 
  the eu as it is now is a bad system but in a few decades i 'd rather be ruled by an alliance of germany , france and the uk rather than the usa , china or india with theirs insane politics . 
  but if the eu is not able to reform itself toward a more democratic system i guess that france with its 80 millions inhabitants expected by 2050 will have to fight with the billions inhabitants of china , india , brazil , etc. 
  to maintain its independence . 
   not really . 
  had the uk opted into immigration policy and voted `` no '' to quotas with slovakia , czech , hungary and romania , the policy would still have passed . 
  you just need [ 4 countries representing at least 35 % of total eu population to block any decision at eu level ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/institutions-bodies/council-eu/index_en.htm ) . 
  the uk plus poland plus eastern europe , etc. 
  could have easily block germany 's decision . 
  what instance are you talking about ? 
  the uk could counterbalance germany influence in the eu , but cameron chose to let merkel run everything . 
  sadly , hollande and renzi did the same . 
  i truly think that the eu is a good idea . 
  but with germany 's hegemony the uk wo n't need to leave the eu in 2017 , it will already be destroyed . 
  they voted for quotas . 
  if they did n't want to vote for them , why did they ? 
  so that they can say that it 's brussels fault . 
  i want the uk to have a high level of immigration , provided that it is in the interests of the uk economy , infrastructure and housing can cope and that wages are not negatively impacted . 
  however , this should be a decision for the uk 's national democracy , not for the eu . 
  i agree with you that the uk should be able to chose . 
  but you know well that it 's the ruling class dream to have cheap labour through immigration . 
  the republican do the same in the usa , they complain about the mexican to gain votes but do literally nothing when they have power . 
  and the left is afraid that if they introduce any restriction on immigration they will be called racist so they nothing . 
  so do n't worry about the high level of immigration you 'll get it . 
  well , according to the [ voting rules of the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon ) the uk could ally with eastern european countries and veto germany 's decisions on immigration . 
  but it is easier for cameron to play the victim . 
  valls and holland did the same , claiming that brussels is strong arming them while happily welcoming an unsustainable number of migrants . 
  i am afraid that if the uk leave the eu , the governments will find another excuse . 
  let 's be honest , conservatives love immigration for cheap labour and it 's a scapegoat to gain more vote during elections . 
  the sun never sets on the european empire . 
  well cesar milstein is a perfect proof .
