  but yes i agree , censoring everything you do n't agree with in the name of tolerance is not tolerant at all . 
  it 's just another totalitarianism . 
  i hope it does . 
  seriously , what is the point of working more if we can work less ? 
  we can afford leisure . 
  if we do it globally . 
  in the end it 's a choice our societies have to make in the face of technological progress . 
   ok what about those who ca n't afford a pay cut ? 
  they just budget better ? 
  be less poor ? 
   also do n't count on prices falling too much , you are in the eurozone remember which means the price of goods/services that freely move across all your borders are influenced by more than just french wages . 
  they are influenced by the wages and earnings of everyone in the eurozone . 
  you forget that we are in a globalized world , and that prices are adjusted by the wages and earnings of everyone in the world . 
  as i said before , a 32 hours workweek wo n't be done tomorrow . 
  it 's purely hypothetical . 
  it 's just that technology is destroying jobs everywhere in the world . 
  so reducing the workweek can be a solution . 
  and for the adjustment of the market , the average hours worked per year in germany is 1371 , 2042 in greece and 1734 in italy . 
  the prices adjust just fine . 
   the market will not . 
  expensive items like designer clothes , white goods and electrical items are kept at a certain price wherever they are to stop people going abroad to buy them cheaper . 
  as i said before , technology is destroying jobs everywhere in the world . 
  which means less demand , so the market will adapt . 
  just look at the hours worked in italy and germany . 
  https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs  if there is such a decreased demand for labour then why are western countries taking so many immigrants ? 
  to drive the wages down so that shareholders of multinational will be able to buy another boat . 
   that economic theory only works with certain cheap items . 
  expensive things wo n't change in price . 
  car prices for instance are consistent everywhere in the world . 
  if 65 millions people suddenly have less purchasing power the market will adapt for 99 % of items , cars included . 
  it would not make sense for companies to cut of such a big market . 
  and if it did n't people would just need to wait a bit more to buy a car , it 's not the end of the world . 
   but since i have no problem working i should n't complain because i 'll be richer than everyone else . 
  sure , that 's how it works . 
  if you want to work more , you earn more . 
  but our society does n't really gives us a choice . 
  and with automation , computers , etc. 
  there is a vast decrease of the needed amount for labour . 
  our society can not have the same workweek as it use to . 
  nobody in france work 35 hours a week . 
  the average is 41 hours a week . 
  so it would be purely hypothetical to have a 32-hour working week . 
  so if we chose this hypothesis , the general purchasing power will go down , since people work less and have a lower salary , then the general prices will adjust and go down too . 
  and if you ca n't afford the pay cut for working 3 hours less a week , you might want to rethink your budget , or chose to work overtime . 
  yes , i 'd be happy to earn less if i can enjoy more leisure time . 
  what is the point of having money if you ca n't enjoy it ? 
  i was an intern in advisory in a large firm , the average day was 09h-23h , and when i was unlucky it was 09h-05h . 
  i earned much more than some friend of mine , but i was n't able to go to any party , or do anything else than sleeping outside work . 
  and anyway , if the diminution of hours worked is general , then average wage will go down , so there will be less demand , which will induce a decrease in general prices . 
  the japanese are famous for staying a [ ridiculous amount of time at theirs working place doing absolutely nothing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_work_environment ) , you 're free to do the same if you want . 
  working less means that you will have a higher quality of life by enjoying leisure time , and you will reduce unemployment . 
  except if you live to work , then help yourself . 
   go to asia and say that . 
  there 's a reason why asian economies are taking over . 
  good idea . 
  i will write to hollande so that he will implement child labour , destroy all safety regulation ( who cares if people die because of theirs jobs if we have a few more percentage of growth ) . 
  and why not slavery now that i think about it , that 's the only way to beat the chinese . 
  or maybe that 's completely stupid since [ germany has the lowest hours actually worked per worker in the eu ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) and is the biggest economy . 
  the average french person works 41 hours a week . 
  the legal limit of 35 hours a week which exist now in france just means that if you work more than 35 hours you can either get paid a bit more since it 's overtime , or you can have more vacation time . 
  so the 32-hour working week is far from a reality . 
  why did you share this article ? 
  it is just an advert for blablacar . 
  it does n't talk about french work culture at all . 
  what is the problem about french work culture ? 
  the comparison was in term of employment and of education level . 
  with a ece diploma you will be able to be technician in small company in a small french city . 
  everywhere else you 'll never even get an interview . 
  in france private institutions are made for people who are not able to enter public institutions . 
  so they have a terrible reputation . 
  it 's like the university of phoenix , if you want another comparison . 
  you do n't seems to understand what a grande \u00c9coles is . 
  it is not a protected name , everyone can chose to create a school in france and call it a grande \u00c9cole . 
  it 's like universities in the usa . 
  and obviously there are huge difference between grande \u00c9coles and universities . 
  ece paris is a private , for profit school . 
  it is not a target school anywhere . 
  are worldwide renown schools . 
  they are target schools in the silicon valley on par with stanford , the mit , harvard , etc. 
  ece paris is not at all in the same league . 
  actually , ece paris is a much worse school than universit\u00e9 paris-sud or universit\u00e9 pierre and marie curie , which are only `` universit\u00e9s '' . 
  honestly the comparison between ece paris and a community college is fair . 
  you wo n't get any interesting job with that school . 
  you should transfer to another school now that you still have the time , they are cheaper and much better . 
  and as a foreigner it 's not that hard to enter . 
   do n't get me wrong , this is not about the level of education ( which , by the way , is often not even taken into account when universities are ranked world wide !, 
  ) , it 's about the general workings . 
  so when i say it i mean the utilisation of it at the administrative level , not the studies of it . 
  yes , french administration is addicted to paper . 
   this system can have its merits too , but a good interconnection between universities and research can be very beneficial . 
  actually this system was implemented to create interconnection . 
  research institutes are nation-wide , they are structure where universities , business , etc. 
  work together . 
  but in the end the research is publish under the name of the institute . 
  so you can have the impression that universities do n't do research , they just do it through research institutes . 
  germany has the same system . 
  that 's why france and germany seems to have such poor result in research in international ranking . 
  well , it 's far from a good school to say the least . 
  comparing centrale to ece is like comparing a community college to the mit . 
  which school are you studying in ?
