  he is a graduate from the university of buenos aires , not a really good university . 
  but he still manage to contribute to research in a fundamental way . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  but anyway the fact is that in chinese schools they focus heavily in the opium wars , and how the west enslave them for over a century . 
  in a few decades when the chinese economy will slow down , the communist party will have no other choice but to use nationalism to stay in power . 
  i just hope that they will turn to japan rather than europe . 
  you mean that you would prefer to go to a school where you are paid and then have almost 100 % of chance to do your phd in harvard , the mit , or stanford . 
  how surprising . 
  [ the chinese in china ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c9_league ) [ the indian in india ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_institutes_of_technology ) and so on . 
  alas asia is becoming more and more stronger . 
  honestly i would love if the elites of the world sent theirs children to the uk , it would mean that values such as freedom of speech , democracy , etc. 
  would propagate there . 
  when chinese student go in the western world they have a taste of a different political regime . 
  but the chinese government is aware of that so its massively funding its universities . 
  soon , i 'm afraid that uk students will have to go to china to do research . 
  i do n't think france has a united view on that topic . 
  french academia is quite good , but it is true that it has a lot of problems . 
  the main one is that the salary of researchers and professor is really low , especially compared to the uk and usa . 
  in good french schools , young graduates can have the same salary as professors . 
  another problem is that research is not well viewed . 
  having a phd is a prestigious thing in anglo-saxon countries . 
  in france nobody cares . 
  for instance it 's worse to have a phd rather than a master 's degree if you want to have a job outside academia . 
  so the best french students go to the usa to do research . 
  and it 's so easy for students from the \u00c9cole normale sup\u00e9rieure to go in harvard for theirs phd that i do n't blame them . 
  i would do the same if i were them , you get the best of both worlds with a free tuition from bachelor to phd . 
  the british in london and the german in berlin . 
  you are free to check by yourself : [ french prep school done after high school ] ( ftp : / / trf.education.gouv.fr / pub/edutel/bo / 2003/hs5/annexe1hd . pdf ) and [ master 's degree in maths from cambridge . 
  ] ( http://www.maths.cam.ac.uk/partiii/2015-16_courseguide.pdf ) [ it explain why the best french graduates are paid much more than british ones in the city of london . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/the-best-universities-for-high-paid-finance-jobs-revealed-10463564.html ), 
  oh yeah british universities , where master 's degrees have the same curriculum as french prep schools . 
  truly superior . 
  actually what you just said apply exactly to the french system . 
  it is only true for hard science , which is only a part of research . 
  in humanities , history , law , literature , etc. 
  only english speaking countries use english . 
  if you look at theses rankings you get the impression that cambridge is the best school to work in europe whereas it is only true in the uk . 
  [ and actually , in some fields it 's only an ok school . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/the-best-universities-for-high-paid-finance-jobs-revealed-10463564.html ) moreover , most employers would laugh if you apply with only a bachelor in europe . 
  and in most places the local universities are much more valued than foreign ones . 
  yes , the \u00c9coles des mines of paris created [ a ranking with another methodology ] ( http://www.mines-paristech.eu/about-us/rankings/professional-ranking/ ) to show how pointless they are . 
  and in france the best universities are the `` grandes \u00c9coles '' which does n't do research . 
  sadly degrees from other member states are not really recognized within the eu . 
  i 'm french and i would love to study in other countries , but since employers usually do n't know anything about degrees from other places it would be worthless . 
  i know a french person with a msc from the lse who managed to have job interviews quite easily in the uk but did n't have any success in france . 
  i do n't think he is disputing that british schools do more research than french schools . 
  but in france some politicians are using the shanghai ranking to cut the funding of public universities . 
  the problem is that is france research is done in research institutes which are independent from universities such as the [ cnrs ] ( / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique ) . 
  in practice it means that when a scientist publish a paper the research institute is credited and not the university . 
  for instance the [ ihes ] ( / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institut_des_hautes_%c3%89tudes_scientifiques ) has as much fiels medal as oxford and cambridge combined , but it does n't exist in any ranking . 
  the unfortunate result is that politicians are using theses rankings to push toward the anglo-saxon model with ridiculous tuition fees . 
  yes , the rankings for france is ridiculous . 
  pierre and marie curie university or paris-sud universities are good schools , but it 's light-years behind the \u00c9cole normale sup\u00e9rieure or the \u00c9cole polytechnique or at least dozens of french schools . 
  it 's like saying that cardiff university is better than both oxford and cambridge . 
  or that a community college is better than harvard and the m.i.t. 
  so theses rankings are so obviously wrong for french schools that i have trouble trusting them for other countries . 
  is this common in scandinavia ? 
  and if so why ? 
  competitiveness is not only based on cost , innovation and productivity are much more important . 
  otherwise germany could n't export as much . 
  and on the contrary better social policies can stimulate growth through higher productivity , a stable life which promote investment , a higher natality , a better educated population , etc. 
  and you forget that the majority of workers works in the sector of services which is largely unaffected by trade . 
  furthermore , international trade tends to harmonize wages . 
  for instance look at the salary of chinese workers now compared to a few years ago . 
  it 's from the article 23 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union : every citizen of the union shall , in the territory of a third country in which the member state of which he is a national is not represented , be entitled to protection by the diplomatic or consular authorities of any member state , on the same conditions as the nationals of that state . 
  member states shall adopt the necessary provisions and start the international negotiations required to secure this protection . 
  the council , acting in accordance with a special legislative procedure and after consulting the european parliament , may adopt directives establishing the coordination and cooperation measures necessary to facilitate such protection . 
  legally , candidates for the presidential election can only spend up to 13,7 millions euros . 
  those who manage to get to the second turn can spend up to 18,3 millions euros . 
  and sarkozy has already been found guilty by the constitutional court to have spent much more than he should have during the 2012 election . 
  yes there are a lot of examples . 
  as a law student i had to read thousands of cases and learn them by heart . 
  and in exam it 's actually more important to remember the cases than the laws . 
  actually the cour de cassation ( one of the two french supreme courts ) in its cases has been clarifying for centuries what it means to execute a contract in `` good faith '' . 
  so new rules are added by the judge almost every day . 
  for instance , the law only states that fraud is forbidden so through its cases the concept of fraud has been defined by the cour de cassation . 
  another example is in 2000 the constitutional court decided by itself in a case that contracts are protected by the constitution . 
  since this case , new laws ca n't change contracts already signed except if there is an imperious reason justified by the general interest . 
  so now the parliament ca n't just change contracts law however it wants . 
  new laws are controlled by the constitutional court so that execution of contracts are more stable . 
  and the whole field of public contracts has been created since the xix century by the council of state ( the other french supreme court ) out of nowhere . 
  it includes all contracts signed by a public person : the state , a municipality , a school , a hospital , etc. 
  and it amounts to hundred billions each year . 
  for instance , in 2014 the council of state decided in a case that anyone could directly challenge before court a public contract , to check if the rules about transparency and competition in the execution of the contract were respected . 
  which was impossible before , you had to go through a very complicated procedure . 
  so now when the state conclude a contract to build a new hospital for example , all companies which did n't get the contract to build it will challenge it to try to take it down . 
  to give you an example , it 's the same as eu law , or echr law where treaties dispositions are interpreted in a way by the judge that in fact in creates new rules . 
  for instance the in altmark case of 2003 the judge creates new rules from a treaty disposition . 
  french judges does the same . 
  it 's exactly the same in french law . 
  the differences between napoleonic law and common law are greatly exagerated . 
  french opinion on the cap is widely divided . 
  only a minority supports it the way it is . 
  there is a lot of criticism . 
  almost all candidates to the presidency want to change it , either supressing it or modifying it . 
  some critics say that it favours the biggest exploitations ( around 80 % of subsidies is awarded to 20 % of farmers ) . 
  others say that it encourages mindless productivity and is detrimental to producers from developing countries . 
  and others say that it does n't protect farmers enough . 
   bannon is just a straight-up old-school christian he should read the bible then : `` you have heard that it was said , ` love your neighbor and hate your enemy . ' but i tell you , love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you '' . 
  actually the main reason is that french people are very attractive .
