   are your pensions good enough that you can live on it without additional income ? 
  pensioners who had a complete career without big gap of unemployment earn around the median wage [ source in french ] ( http://www.latribune.fr/economie/france/la-pension-moyenne-de-retraite-s-eleve-a-1-306-euros-bruts-mensuels-475756.html ) . 
  so it 's more than enough , especially if you own your house . 
   i 'm very lucky , i work for a state government , and get a state pension , social security and i 'm investing in a tax deferred retirement plan as well . 
  well , everyone in france is in the same situation , pension and social security are mandatory and you can have an additional retirement plan if you want , but it 's rarely used since the basic pension is sufficient . 
  it 's not a perfect system , but you do n't have to be lucky to enjoy life in your old age . 
  yes the state manages everyone 's pension , for the public and private sector . 
  [ basically , there are contributions on salary or on profit for independant workers , which are used to fund retirement . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pensions_in_france ) so a with a french net salary , retirement funds are already taken care of . 
  the major downside though , it 's that it raises the cost of labour . 
  no it 's not the same . 
  in france all pensions are managed by the state . 
  in the us , most pensions are managed by private companies . 
  so it does n't appears in public spending . 
  you have to keep in mind that in france ( and other countries ) pensions are included in governement spending . 
  it 's around 15 % of the gdp , so it explains the difference with countries where pension managed through the private sector such as the usa . 
  well yes . 
  if we fix things we would n't have anything to complain about . 
  but seriously , france is quite a conservative country . 
  it takes decades to change things , even if some problems are obvious . 
  but i do n't agree with you about / r/france . 
  the sub is full of young people eager for change . 
  [ look at this thread about bicycling for instance . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/5oi2nc/cest_%c3%a0_strasbourg_que_lon_utilise_le_plus_le_v%c3%a9lo/ ) even though there are still people arguing for the status quo . 
  on the contrary , try saying france is doing something right and everyone will mock you . 
  according to the media france is on the verge of collapse , it 's the poorest country in the world , and life is better everywhere else on the planet ( except for food obviously ) . 
  no , only some members of the right wing of the ps support him . 
  it might change if he has some good results in the election . 
  representatives will suddendly admire him , as they did with fillon when he won the primary . 
  but right now he is an independant candidate . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  the president is powerless . 
  but he appoints the pm and traditionnaly he is the leader of his party . 
  so when the president and the majority in the parliament are from the same party , the president just assumes the powers of the pm . 
  [ however when that 's not the case , the pm is france 's leader . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cohabitation_ ( government \\ ) ), 
  he can choose anybody . 
  but the parliament can overthrow the government . 
  so he needs to appoint someone that have the support of a majority of represtantives , which will probably be fillon . 
  i think he meant that even if macron is elected , he does n't have a party to support him . 
  so he will have to appoint a pm in from another party to rule . 
  as giscard did with chirac . 
  i agree with you . 
  i was n't clear . 
  what i meant is that with hate speech laws you can criticize ideas or one 's specific behaviour but you ca n't incitate hatred toward a person or a group of people for these ideas . 
  i can say that muslims ' views on politics is worrying or how trump 's ideas about climate change are stupid ; but i ca n't say that we should get rid of muslims or trump because of that . 
  they are mocking silly ideas , not the people themselves . 
  saying that jewish/christian/islamic views on women are stupid is not the same as saying that jewish/christian/islamic people should be killed because of these ideas . 
  the snoopers ' charter to begin with . 
  it only works if few countries does it . 
  otherwise it just create a race to the bottom . 
  it has been difficult since 476 . 
   is there another official statement you 're referring to ? 
  do you have a source in english ? 
  the minister of budget [ laid his plan here ] ( http://www.leparisien.fr/economie/le-plan-du-gouvernement-pour-economiser-4-5-milliards-d-euros-10-07-2017-7124781.php ) . 
  but it 's only in french . 
   the current article is based on drafts , not final budget bills . 
  and it has contradicting statements from the ministry . 
  the minister of higher education does n't decide the budget . 
  in france , when the president has a majority in the parliament , he assume de facto the power of government and of the parliament . 
  so since he has decided to cut education and research funds , it will happen sadly . 
  it comes from an official statement by the minister of budget . 
  except if macron suddenly dies , it will be adopted . 
  to reach equilibrium , credits from the state budget are provisioned at the beginning of the year . 
  so the government decided to cancel part of the funds allocated to higher education and research . 
  yeah i remember when i staged a coup to acquire full powers as class delegate but the other kids gave me the cold shoulder . 
  do n't forget that he pays for reddit comments too . 
   expatriate back to france most of their profits do n't worry , profits ends up in fiscal paradises they never go to france . 
   ah right . 
  all of france spent the whole past year talking and arguing non-stop about the election of a guy who has no powers at all !, 
  he does n't have any powers . 
  look at what happens during a `` cohabitation '' . 
   even if you consider that in a semi-presidential system there are two leaders , at least we elect one of them . 
  countries with parliamentary systems do n't elect a single one . 
  i think that it 's still a huge problem that nobody elect the governent in france . 
  it has much more power that the parliament . 
  the president does n't have any powers . 
  he only rules as the chief of the majority in the parliment . 
  and in that capacity he gives order to the pm . 
  but the pm still has a huge influence . 
  look at ayrault/valls , raffarin/villepin , etc. 
  and it 's the same thing for the ministers . 
  they have power but nobody elected them . 
  i 'm just saying that the leader of france , the prime minister , is not elected at all . 
  juncker was elected in 2014 as the candidate of the epp . 
  in contrast with edouard philippe who governs france but was never elected . 
  or that crimes were unreported because there has been less officers . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  macron wants to stimulate competitiveness mainly through labour reform by lowering wages . 
  whereas most economist agree that it can a good idea but , it is only a tiny part of what should be done , namely improving education , tackeling monopolies and fiscal optimisation , focusing on r&d , and improving on nonprice competitiveness . 
  otherwise , france will just have cheaper labour cost , but still way too expensive compared to most countries in the world . 
  there are few working poor ( poor being defined as earning less than 60 % of the median wage ) in france because of the high minimum wage . 
  but the goal of the labour reform is to make people work more and get payed less to improve competitiveness . 
  and to compete with the world , salaries would need to be reduced drastically . 
  so we will replace poor unemployed people with poor working people . 
  and we will make people with low qualifications poor . 
  in that case the perception is different . 
  if you are poor but do n't work , it makes sense . 
  if you work hard but are still poor , people get angry . 
  and they will need a culprit .
