   they are often behind on many aspects , it being a much cited one . 
  that 's interesting , i have never heard of that . 
  in general french graduates can find job very easily or study in any school all around the world . 
  and for it that 's quite strange , i have friends in it from engineering schools such as t\u00e9l\u00e9com paristech or l'\u00c9cole centrale de paris , and in the silicon valley they are on par with stanford or mit graduates . 
   research in france is often not good , only in a few elite universities and projects/companies ( but we 're keeping it only in unis here ) research in france is mainly done in research institutes , not universities . 
  that 's why they perform so bad in rankings . 
   obsessive language protectionism , french is compulsory everywhere , even though the majority of exact science/medical research is now done in english . 
  on top of that apparently ( in paris ) people will always scoff at you not only because you do n't speak french , but also if you do n't speak french well enough , and you 'll never speak french well enough . 
  i never understood this language protectionism thing . 
  as you said research in science is done in english and top schools offers degrees in english . 
  it 's just that the average french person do n't need to speak any other language than french . 
  so since they never hear or speak english they tend to be quite bad at it . 
  so if you want to live in france without knowing french it will be quite hard . 
   the bureaucratic maze . 
  personally i study in a grande \u00c9cole and i never have any bureaucratic trouble . 
   in that case whatever i said does not apply to the classes you had in france . 
  i do n't think you said apply anywhere in france . 
   one thing i 've noticed ( not with french students though ) is that many students are pissed off that getting 18-20/20 is extremely hard to sometimes impossible ( depending on the professor ) . 
  i was like ` you find it normal to get at least a 16 ? 
  and they said yes . 
  that weirded me out . 
  what is the problem exactly ? 
  it 's just different expectations . 
  everybody in france knows that 12/20 is a good grade and 14/20 a very good grade . 
  uppsala is one of the best university in sweden . 
  you ca n't compare it to aix-marseille universit\u00e9 which is far from the best . 
  that 's exactly what the article is doing . 
  they compare elite schools from abroad to french `` universit\u00e9 '' . 
  but the `` universit\u00e9 '' are subpar . 
  french `` universit\u00e9 '' have problems , but that 's because they accept literally everyone . 
  if you want to compare upssala to french schools you should compare it to the grande \u00c9coles . 
  in which french university have you studied ? 
  once again you compare a top school in sweden to a bad school in france . 
  i study in a grande ecole and i just had to register in the first year and i just had to update my situation the next years . 
  it 's just one guy who do n't understand how his own country education system work . 
  in universities it 's 181 $ a year for your bachelor 's and 250 $ a year for your master 's . 
  but universities are not really good schools . 
  for the equivalent of oxbridge you would either get paid in l' x , l'ens or l'ena . 
  or you would paid 596 $ a year for centrale . 
   imagine students missing a lesson : they 'd be missing parts of the substance for examination , which may cause them to flunk due to missing one lesson ( theoretically ) . 
  of course that could be solved by borrowing notes and copy them , which is wasting time but at least you have something . 
  that in turn would put students with more ` connections ' at an advantage . 
  then there 's the problem with interpretation and taking notes itself . 
  the most important skill to have would being able to take notes fast and being able to get what the professor wants ( his interpretation ! ), 
  and putting it on paper . 
  you have a misconception about the french teaching style . 
  the lesson 's goal is to give the skeleton about what you have to learn . 
  and then you flesh it out with books . 
  so if you fail to take everything in notes , or miss a lesson , it is not the end of the world . 
   on top of this it would be wasting time that could be spent on having a more interactive and critical lesson about the subject ( as universities are supposed to teach you to think critically about a subject , not adapt a point of view and duplicate that on examination ) as i said in another comment , this kind of lesson is only one kind of lesson . 
  in other classes there is an interactive and critical lesson about the subject . 
  but interactive discussion are useless if you do n't understand the subject beforehand . 
  and the best way to fail a class is to repeat what the professor said in class , even in high school . 
  obviously you need to put in perspective what your teacher said , and what your books said , etc. 
  the downside of the french system is that if you want to have a good grade , you need to work a lot , you ca n't party every night . 
  how is the system redundant and outdated ? 
  that 's interesting , when i was in intern in london i never heard that . 
  i study business , and i do n't know how it work in other field , but in finance , [ french schools outperform everything else ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/the-best-universities-for-high-paid-finance-jobs-revealed-10463564.html ) . 
  i meant why are they badly viewed ? 
   french universities here have a reputation of being hopelessly behind on everything . 
  especially on ict . 
  really ? 
  it 's really easy for them on the employment market , in france or abroad . 
  what are the criticism ? 
   another thing that is often mentioned by erasmus students is that they 've never seen or heard such a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  french student in universities complain about it too , but since they complain about everything it 's hard to know if it 's true . 
  why is that ? 
  what is the teaching style is belgium ? 
   we have `` engineering schools '' that are more expensive and have very strong links with the industry . 
  those schools work very well . 
  but you have to pay . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  out of the 200 engineering schools very few of them are private . 
  and the public one [ are really cheap ] ( http://www.ecp.fr/home/formations/cursus_ingenieur_centralien/frais_de_scolarite ) . 
   moreover , and i think the article failed to mention that , if you want very good education , you have to move to paris . 
  all the best schools are there . 
  and if you live in paris , you have to pay the housing , the transport , the food , and that costs a lot . 
  i read an article from `` le monde '' ( famous newspaper ) about the fact that most students in prestigious schools were from paris , but i ca n't find it anymore :( there are only sciences po paris and l'ens ulm in paris . 
  all the other are in the suburb and its quite cheap to leave there . 
   we also have a system of `` grandes \u00e9coles '' ( elite schools ) in which you need to pass an exam ( more of a contest ) to enter . 
  those are the cool ones which get the funding . 
  as said in the article , these are not accessible to everyone . 
  it 's mostly `` i know this guy who knows this guy '' . 
  very common in france . 
  i study in a grande \u00c9cole so i do n't know in what the state universities really are . 
  if you compare universities to top schools from other countries , such as uppsala , obviously it will be different . 
  but if you compared uppsala to l' x , l'ens , l'ena , hec , l'essec , l'escp , sciences po , centrale , les mines , etc. 
  it is another story . 
  there are two kinds of lessons in france . 
  first the teacher just teach the lesson ( and never dictate their handbook , i do n't know where you get this idea since there is almost never an handbook ) . 
  and then there is some practical lesson where the student work in small group with the teacher on a topic to apply the lesson . 
  this article is hilarious . 
  it is obvious that the author know nothing about the french higher education system . 
  there are criticism to make about the french system , but here all the arguments are either obviously wrong or taken out of context . 
  too bad , it could have been interesting . 
   switzerland like their current deal far more than being in the eu . 
  joining the eu is not a popular option in switzerland . 
  i think this deal is a better deal too . 
  it 's the same as norway , the uk will be governed by fax from brussels . 
   the city will be divided on the eu question .
