christians are supposed to welcome everybody , especially the worst people . 
  i have always found it strange how you can believe that if you desobey the bible you 'll go to hell , and still contradict its rules . 
  merkel is a christian democrat . 
  article 192 of the teu provides that : `` by way of derogation from the decision-making procedure provided for in paragraph 1 and without prejudice to article 114 , ** the council acting unanimously ** in accordance with a special legislative procedure and after consulting the european parliament , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions , shall adopt : [ ... ] measures significantly affecting a member state 's choice between different energy sources and the general structure of its energy supply . '', 
  which means that each member states has a veto in the field of energy policies . 
  there is a thing call the eu treaties which provides what the eu can do , you should read it sometimes , especially article 192 of the teu . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries , but in france there is little education about how the political system works , the eu included . 
  for instance a lot of people do n't seems to understand basics things , like how legislation is adopted in the eu ( and even france ) , or that the european court of human rights is not an eu institution . 
  it should be mandatory to be taught how the systems works . 
  otherwise how can you vote if you do n't understand what is at stake ? 
   lol no it wo n't . 
  the fact you know absolutely nothing about britain seems to be coming through . 
   britain wants to get out of the eu primarily to regain control of its immigration policies . 
  it can not do that in the eea . 
  you mean that british politicians will listen to regular people instead of the rich ? 
  are you sure i 'm the one knowing nothing about the uk ? 
  it was only because both the eu and the usa pressured them . 
  but it is imposed by the eu through the eea . 
  norway can not afford to be left out of the internal market . 
  so , since norway is a member of the eea , if it would leave schengen tomorrow , as an eu citizen i could still pass the border with a simple id . 
  the free movement is because of the european economic area , schengen only remove the borders . 
  it 's not about free trade , it 's about the internal market . 
  without the latter , there are a still a lot of barriers even with a free trade agreement . 
  the more likely scenario is that if the uk leaves the eu , it will join the european economic area , so that its companies will be happy to access the common market and its politicians will still be able to use brussels as a scapegoat . 
  did you leave in a cave for the last decade ? 
  putin is not `` a little pushy '' he literally invaded other countries because he was afraid he could n't control them anymore . 
  imagine if tomorrow france invaded belgium because hollande does n't agree with its policy , that 's insane and really dangerous . 
  obviously it would be better for everybody to live in peace . 
  but it 's putin who refuse cooperation , and not the west . 
  in an economic point of view it makes sense . 
  the french ministry of economics had the same ideas about the [ internal market ] ( http://www.tresor.economie.gouv.fr/file/417929 ) or [ unemployment ] ( http://www.tresor.economie.gouv.fr/file/403123 ) ( in french only sadly ) . 
  however , politically it 's seems really hard to do . 
  well both merkel and hollande are in favor of a two-speed eu . 
  but since there would probably be the need to change the treaties , nothing will be done before the 2017 elections . 
   but even in countries like france , where the president has to contend with fewer countervailing powers , [ like ] france 's highest court , the court de cassation the court de cassation is neither france 's highest court , nor it is a countervailing power to the president . 
   similarly , fran\u00e7ois hollande , the center-left president of france , has taken increasingly radical steps against newcomers . 
  only a few weeks ago , for example , he has called for naturalized french citizens to be stripped of their citizenship if they express sympathy for terrorism -- an implicit distinction between `` real '' frenchmen and those of foreign stock that has long been advocated by extremists like jean-marie le pen . 
  naturalized french citizens can be stripped of their citizenship for terrorism since a few decades . 
  however hollande wants to change the constitution to strip french born citizens if found guilty of terrorism . 
  i 'm sure that now terrorists will think twice before they blow themselves-up . 
  regarding the article , the author make interesting points about the influence extremist parties have on the political system , but he shoud take a few minutes to check his information . 
  it is indeed , we call them [ viennoiserie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viennoiserie ) in french , which literally means from vienna . 
  like your women . 
  germany and france still have meetings to coordinate theirs foreign policies in virtue of the [ \u00c9lys\u00e9e treaty of 1963 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89lys%c3%a9e_treaty ) . 
  it 's a legal problem . 
  if the uk leave the union then british people in the eu and eu citizens in britain will lose theirs rights of movement granted by the eu 's treaties . 
  foreign media always fail to understand that the 35 hours law does not mean that you ca n't work more than that . 
  it means that companies have to pay their employees a bit more after that . 
  the goal is to encourage companies to reduce the hours worked per employees . 
  [ but on average , french people work 40,5 hours per week for full time jobs , which is just a bit below the european average . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00071 ), 
  eu 's budget is adopted by the european parliament and by the council . 
  so you actually vote twice for it . 
  i agree with you . 
  i just think that if all politicians knew that if they broke the law their career would be over ( like cahuzac or th\u00e9venoud ) , then it would reduce systemic corruption . 
  but they do have a choice , in the right wing party * les r\u00e9publicains * , there are literally dozens of experienced persons : former prime ministers , formers ministers , congressmen , etc. 
  but they keep voting for chirac , jupp\u00e9 , sarkozy , etc. 
  and all these corrupted politicians . 
  and afterward they dare to complain about the political state of france . 
  sadly most french voters do n't care if politicians break the law . 
  to give you an exemple sarkozy 's main competitor in the primary for the biggest right wing party , is alain jup\u00e9 a former primer minister , who was condemned for embezzlement because he and jacques chirac a former president ( who was condemned too by the way ) , misappropriated a considerable sum of public money for ten years when they controlled the city of paris to fund their political party . 
  but according to the polls , he is to be the next french president . 
  t'es putain de mort , gamin . 
  t'es putain de mort , gamin . 
  actually it 's much clever than that . 
  the plan is to force europeans to turn against its muslim population so that they will have no choice to join the only group that can proctect them ( in their twisted minds at least ) : isis . 
  it was already laid out in 2004 by [ abu musab al-suri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mustafa_setmariam_nasar ) the former director of communication of osama bin laden in a 1600-page book : the global islamic resistance call . 
  this tactic worked quite well in irak , isis managed to gain the local sunni tribes favor by appearing to be the only one being able to stop the oppression from the chia governement which has been around since the americans began to leave irak . 
  since france has one of the highest muslim population in europe it 's sadly only logical . 
  three of four generations ago , if you were to learn another language in france , you would learn latin , and then ancient greek . 
  i agree with you , promoting renewable and sustainable energy is clearly a nazi plot . 
  i hope that the russians will be able to save us another time . 
  well , yes . 
  powerful companies , especially in the financial sector , are using all their power to influence regulations to their advantage , without any regard for the common good . 
  the french member of the s&d , the `` socialist party '' is nowadays a center left party . 
  theirs votes is not surprising at all , they would have voted the same way in france . 
   you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  on the contrary , i agree with you , it 's a shame that politicians are able to hold several mandates . 
  not only it 's not democratic , but it 's not even efficient . 
  it 's obvious that nobody have the time to be both a senator and a member of a municipal council . 
  or worse , a minister and having a local mandate . 
  i was just saying that no law exist to forbid it . 
  the law of 2014 on the interdiction to accumulate executive local mandates is a step forward , but it 's not enough . 
  this ridiculous practice needs to stop . 
  french laws allows politicians to be elected for different mandates at the same time . 
  for instance , you can , at the same time , be a minister , a senator , a mayor , the president of a department ( a big district ) and the president of a region . 
  however hollande , without adopting any laws , decided that his ministers are not allowed to accumulate positions . 
  for instance last month the minister of employment became the mayor of dijon , and thus had to step down from the government . 
  so if le drian is elected in brittany , he will have to step down too . 
  you have a strange view of the education system and the the employment market . 
  going by your logic , it 's useless to study in canada since graduates from oxbridge and the ivy league will always be preferred to any canadian school graduate . 
  fortunately , you can obviously have a very good job in france without graduating from a grande \u00c9cole . 
  it 's only for the most elitist jobs that a grande \u00c9cole is preferable . 
   well these safety nets for rich kids is what gets them a job instead of someone who worked his ass off in a free university where everyone else goes . 
  do you think recruiters prefer a university degree or a nice one from hec ? 
  the sphere where you get to see that the most is our politics : everyone is from science po and the ena . 
  just look at the unemployment rate in france and you 'll see it 's just not a good bet to go for good studies because chances are your recruiter will either say you do n't have enough experience or that you 're too educated for the position because it 'll cost him too much , or he 'll have another resume from someone who 's from hec/science po/polytechnique/assas / etc. 
  you obviously do n't understand the french education system . 
  being rich is totally useless if you want to enter a grande \u00c9cole .
