i like apples . 
  i have a feeling this is what putin and majority of russians want, 
  these damn gay fascist nazi pro-eu warmongers do not hesitate to kill russian journalists to besmirch mr. putin 's reputation !, 
  why not . 
  certainly better than left to rot underground . 
  rumour is , they are even digging a huge channel to separate themselves from us . 
  :( it 's okay , it was friendly invasion after all . 
  shelling their country and shooting down their planes will surely convince them . 
  also with totally-not-russian crew to help you with target identification . 
  greece stronk, 
  they can take our freedom , but not our apples !, 
  professional persecuted russian minority to your country today !, 
  call now to receive pro-russian militia as an extra for free !, 
  to play a devil 's advocate . 
  russians did elect putin . 
  for a third time . 
  when you choose an ex-kgb agent with autocratic tendencies to be your leader , you should be prepared for the consequences . 
  it 's not like the separatists learned how to operate such weapon from video games . 
  you have a point . 
  it 's genuinely depressing how ( most ) russian people buy his bs . 
  that 's what you get when you support brain-dead trigger-happy sociopaths . 
  i sincerely hope putin 's going to pay for this . 
  he has blood of innocents on his hands now . 
  moravians and slovaks are pretty religious . 
  it 's us bohemian infidels who are to be blamed . 
  damn germans stealing our title !, 
  putin then . 
  no homo . 
  it 's interesting that i have n't heard anything about this mission for some time . 
  i guess it 's good thing , as if there was any major fuck-up it would be smeared all over the place . 
  it 's to lure putinbots out from the serious threads . 
  you are our european overlords of brussels , is it not enough for you ? 
  dimitri , is that you ? 
  those commentaries ... 
  it 's like north korea lite . 
  just less kim and more lukashenko . 
  it 's strange that czech republic and slovakia are not included while poland is lumped together with eastern european countries . 
  our food is not good enough for you , huh ? 
  are there still people in italy who listen to this clown ? 
  it 's just balkans thing . 
  they surely love to hate each other . 
  please strike in czech republic too !, 
  we dub absolutely * everything * . 
  i wonder if hitler would ever rise to power if allies did n't put all the blame on germany for wwi . 
  despite the fact that both sides had so much blood on their hands ... 
  there really are no gay people in russia . 
  there is no happiness there . 
  way to promote tourism . 
  good job russia . 
  there might be one or two buses of professional local militias protecting your russian minority as a bonus if you so desire . 
  not that it would matter , you 'll get them anyway . 
  [ make it so . 
  ] ( http://rocsidiaz.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/6-20-14-star-trek-picard.jpg ), 
  not with the shit that 's happening in turkey now they wo n't, 
  roman empire 2.0, 
  next summer is toga season !, 
  been to south ireland few years back . 
  beautiful country . 
  pretty girls were as rare as unicorns though , much to my dismay . 
  it 's bothering me too . 
  more than it should probably . 
  ah , a glorious eurasian union . 
  a place where tomorrow means five hundred years back . 
  nope , not clicking on this, 
  terrific idea . 
  i 'm sure there is some czech minority there we could ~ ~ annex ~ ~ protect . 
  even with all ice caps melted , it still is n't enough for sea to reach our borders . 
  damn mountains . 
  what the hell is going on here ? 
  but where would you dump your road salt-laced food after you invade us ? 
  what is dead may never die . 
  do n't you know comrade that the sun is a domain of our dear supreme leader kim jong-un ? 
  we already have space russians . 
  they are called klingons . 
  the problem with russians is they are sicerely believing they own all eastern europe-and that the other nations living on * their land * need them to rule over . 
  heck , many of them ( even young russians ) still think the soviet invasion to czechoslovakia back in 1968 was for our protection . 
  like hell no . 
  better life for russians he meant . 
  not just western europe . 
  europe in general . 
  wave it in russia for all i care , but in formerly-opressed ex-soviet country ? 
  fuck no . 
  it 's like saying `` we 've killed your people and we 're proud of it '' . 
  this is gold . 
  i chucked a little thanks to putin, 
  this is russia for you . 
  the czechpoint . 
  now that imperialism is a thing again , i say us the czech republic , slovakia , austria , hungary and co. should re-establish our own empire too . 
  just without the ol' goode austrian-hungarian supremacism . 
  we can leave that to history books . 
  not with that attitude you ca n't . 
  my opinion : i am no history buff , but hussite movement was 15th-16th century stuff , and there was succesful movement of re-catholization later on in following centuries which made catholicism dominant religion again . 
  it was the 40 years of communism that did the damage . 
  and there we are , approx 60 % who identify as atheists . 
  mind you , we are not like the usa where people are vocal about their ( lack of ) faith . 
  religion is very personal thing and it 's not usually discussed openly among strangers . 
  we just do n't find the need to judge people based on what version of god they believe in , which is why i find the whole conflict in northern ireland pretty silly . 
  of couse , many people are wary of muslims based on skewed news from sensational press and have strong dislike of muslim community , which i guess is pretty common in all eu . 
  we czechs are generally more passive-aggressive about it though . 
  i think we should annex slovakia back to get world 's attention .
