just goes to show you how effective clickbait actually is against a collective . 
   my country does n't fair far worse though . 
  i assure you , it does . 
  also one thing that popped in my head on your previous comments was you criticizing finland in 2008 , you do realize that our government under the lovely administration of george w. bush fucked up our own economy on magnitudes worse with the great recession in the same year . 
  do n't worry , instead of petty things like proper healthcare and education reform we 'll have a huge wall to keep the all boogeymen immigrants out and more missiles to destabilize the middle-east with . 
  sometimes i really do n't like my country . 
  spiders . 
  * spiders *, 
  death camps were mostly on the eastern front as well, 
  those christian africans are really thriving i bet . 
  the middle east is also pretty religious , radically so . 
  they must be doing amazing and have the best living standards if we if we use your comparisons . 
  please clap, 
  jeb bush landslides the election over donald trump in 2020, 
  so may 's hard brexit dream is out of the window . 
  if the dup does align with the tories i imagine they 'll try and push for a soft-brexit , who knows if they 'll be successful though or if they 'll just pussyfoot around with the idea and be stuck in gridlock for the next 4 years . 
  currencies always crash when an election happens , then they fix themselves at the start of the next weekend . 
  it 's just human nature that causes a bit of panic until they reassess that everything is mostly all right for the moment . 
  but my cheeto overlord needs to feel relevant on european affairs, 
  stalin firmly believed that war would not come between the ussr and germany in the near future , even to the point where he denied his intelligence officers and key advisers . 
  i highly doubt that ribbentrop was buying time and less stalin trying to come to reason with nazi germany while at the same time achieving their goals of communist expansion, 
  if you were polish you did n't have a choice because they both invaded you, 
  strategic bombings coordinated by the u.k. and the us helped in crippling the german means of production, 
  initially during the early stages of operation barbarossa many of the nativ slavic people such as the ukrainians saw the german occupiers as liberators . 
  hitler overestimated this welcome and instead of choosing to assist the local people 's he chose to persecute them and send them to concentration camps . 
  it 's an overlooked part in history sometimes but under soviet occupation due to the overturning of brest-litovsk at the treaty of versailles there were mass famines and forced labor that some people will debate as soviet incompetence or deliberate starvation of a native people, 
  it 's a long shot for france to win a land war against a potential victor , but if i remember correctly germany was n't exactly in fighting condition either after the great war and mostly regained its strength from nazi rearmament, 
  it does seem like a shitty alternative to side with the soviets but it is more favorable than the total annihilation of a people, 
  in no way in my statement that i said molotov-ribbentrop was n't a plan for soviet expansion , i 'm making the point that stalin attempted to please the nazi government to prevent future war with them , somewhat like a more radical munich conference . 
  stalin is the leader who adamently believed that hitler would n't invade the soviet union , despite his key intelligence officers telling him the contrary ( as well as hitler 's obvious hatred towards communism ) . 
  instead stalin firmly believed that if the two countries nodded in agreement from time to time hitler 's nazi germany and stalins soviet union could both succeed in their own goals of european expansion . 
  the ussr 's aggressive motives are even made further to the allies after the aftermath of the warsaw uprising , where the armia krajowa got their asses crushed by the nazis and all the soviets did was wait so they could ` liberate ' the remains of the destroyed capital and force it under occupation along with the rest of eastern europe . 
  there have already been plenty of discussions about soviet expansionism for example with finland during the winter war and i simply did n't want to regurgitate what other redditors have already discussed . 
  all i see is that you 're attempting to posture yourself as ` someone better than those ignorant americans ' , while incognizantly denying that there are many other reasons and motives behind molotov-ribbentrop such as my point on soviet appeasement ; if you truly want to do the molotov-ribbentrop pact justice you would n't see it as just a defensive pact , appeasement or simple soviet aggressive expansion but rather you would look at all sides and the justifications . 
  so please , rightfully do fuck off with that arrogant tone of yours and grow the fuck up ; i 'm sure you have plenty of better things to do than ` wait and see ' only to nitpick every statement that does n't reaffirm your bias of history . 
  you want to be plastered as the person who led hundreds of thousands of people to death in a single botched operation ? 
  soldiers are n't pawns to be sacrificed to the enemy , the weight of the british lives lost at gallipoli plagued churchill for the rest of his career let alone regard the hundreds of thousands of families in mourning due to wartime disaster as a result of poor planning and hubris . 
  normandy took years of preparation , spreading of misinformation and strategic planning ; a setback on normandy means a setback on europe . 
  but if the western allies asked kindly enough i 'm sure the soviets could lend a hand in ~ ~ occupying ~ ~ liberating france , since the us and britain acted so hastily and failed to push back the german defenses, 
  we 're not all that bad , a lot of the mods and people who frequent there have some radical ideals but it 's definitely not on the level of the_donald censorship . 
  i 'm a bit more on the moderate side of socialism and there is room for constructive conversations just as long as you stick out of circlejerky subjects, 
  stalin was just a persecuted man bullied by hitler , that obviously absolved him of any responsibility of wartime atrocities, 
  i guess you could just ignore north africa and italy altogether , but even then most of the time was just simply spent planning the normandy invasions . 
  churchill among other generals , were very hesitant to commit to an amphibious landing ever since his blunder at galipoli . 
  there 's really only one chance to get the landing right and a failure would delay the invasion of the western front for years more . 
  logistically the normandy landings were a nightmare to deal with and required an overwhelming amount of manpower and timing in order to be successful . 
  at least they tried to kill each other , who knows what could 've happened if they teamed up for the rest of the war . 
  hot controversial comments on controversial events in history , i do n't expect much . 
  but it does serve as a good reminder , if it gets people talking of past atrocities so humanity wo n't commit them in the future i 'm fine with a little harsh/dark/cynical criticism of the past . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were just hammered from vodka after war ptsd ... 
  yeah in an ideal world the workers revolution sounds nice and all , but there 's always people waiting to cut each others throats in order to rise above the other . 
  i 'd say just go with some moderate socialism and work towards social reform the traditional way of legislation and social progress . 
  you 're not entirely wrong since the pope did acknowledge hitler as the legitimate government and agreed not to speak out against him and his atrocities in exchange for safety for catholics , but that 's just a small side note . 
  if anything , the world can celebrate the longest continuation of peace between world powers . 
  has n't been a large scale war the size of the great war or the second world war since 1945 and lets keep it that way . 
  i do n't think stalin had a gram of kindness in his body since his conception , it would also be nice to actually take care and manage poor provinces like ukraine instead of leaving to starve to death . 
  no wonder why many of the slavic people thought that the nazis were liberators to begin with , when mother ussr treats you like a starved animal it 's hard to imagine life worse under a nazi occupation . 
  that of course turned out to be false cause hitler, 
  well nazi germany happened cause a certain austrian wwi vet could n't get accepted into art school , who knows what could 've happened . 
  unless germany forced a treaty of versailles-esque treaty on france , maybe there could 've been a second french napoleon/hitler, 
  i 'm pretty sure hitler would 've invaded them regardless if the soviets did 10x more ass kissing than molotov-ribbontrop . 
  if anything , hitler probably hated communist russians more than anything else in the world . 
  good book on this topic is ' a woman in berlin ' , it 's a dark topic that sparked quite a lot of controversy when it was published , but it serves a grim reminder of the horrors of total war . 
  damn shame , invaded by both ussr and nazi germany at the beginning of the war , only to be invaded again by germany in 1941 , then left to die by the soviets in 1944 and then conquered again by the same people who helped start the war in the first place . 
  i 'll call it the democratic republic of ... wait that reminds me of a few countries hmm ... 
  i believe the ussr also watched the armia krajowa get stomped by the nazi war machine while sitting comfortably across the border , only to ` liberate ' the country once all the fighting was over and warsaw was left in ruins . 
  savage . 
  though if it is n't clear for some people i mean of course stalin and hitler, 
  what if germany and russia were n't led by the scummiest people to have ever lived ? 
  we do have a population some six times more than that of france though, 
  beautiful , after brexit and the u.s. election i thought everything was lost . 
  good on you france for having some common sense in face of populism . 
  it 's macron then . 
  woah !, 
  macron with 65 % of the vote , that 's way more than i was expecting . 
  go france !, 
  is that supposed to be ironic ? 
  then again it is the_donald we are talking about, 
  i wish that type of fearmongering did n't work in my country . 
  must 've misread you i thought it said they voted for trump in spite, 
  not really , those ` bernouts ' mostly stayed at home and did n't vote at all . 
  it 's a damn shame too , with just 50,000 or so more votes in four states , trump would 've lost . 
  tbh the us has always been a bit mentally challenged when it comes to politics , religion and race, 
  i know i was n't ready for a meme president, 
  they declared war on nazi germany the day the invasion started , no one was asking them to you know . 
  it could 've gone exactly just like the anschluss of austria or the sudetenland in czechoslovakia . 
  no one would have judged them at the time if they stuck out of germany 's business like the spanish civil war and just cared only about their colonial possessions . 
  or if the allies really were n't against nazi germany and the axis powers they could have acted exactly like the united states and waited until they declared war on them so they could claim a higher moral ground, 
  there were many generals and commanders during wwi who believed the war would be ` over by christmas ' too . 
  neither france nor britain wanted to be caught in another war in trenches , you 'd have to be practical since there were n't any planned invasions of germany for this period in time and simply winging it could cost hundreds of thousands of lives within days . 
  i do n't blame france or britain for wanting to stick to their borders , trench warfare imbedded a mentality that the defenders always had the strongest advantages and when you have a sophisticated defense such as the maginot line and other fortifications around the belgian border , it can be tempting to just wait and see what happens, 
  it 's a month old account , probably just to take the piss on people , i 'd just ignore him, 
   redditor for one month, 
  i mean even from a tactical standpoint it 'd be suicide to take the war to hitler , everyone still has bad memories from the massive blunders during the great war . 
  if you 're insisting that britain and france ( who have invested quite a large amount of time and money into defensive fortifications ) charge foolhardedly against the worlds strongest military might , i seriously would take another look at the scenario strategically . 
  poland fell in less than a month , who knows what might happen to the british and french if they go on the offensive ? 
  if i was in the shoes of britain or france at the time , i would probably take the same actions which is the safer bet . 
  the fact that the allies actually declared war instead of kissing hitler 's ass like in the spanish civil war or the munich conference is rightfully enough for me . 
  at least most would agree that he was better than chamberlain, 
  i mean not even ` grab them by the pussy ' took trump out , i do n't have any faith in the general voter after 2016,
