  i do not deny that being part of germany would be better for czech germans in national and historical view ( however not in economical view and living standards ) . 
  however it would mean long bloody war in czech lands and perhaps in the rest of the central europe as well as no then minor nations were willing to suffer more german oppression after these nations bleed for germans unwillingly in wwi . 
  thus creating democratic czechoslowakia was better compromise ( which i admit was in favour for czechs ) . 
   problem was the double standard . 
  the right for self-determination has been granted to czechs and poles , but not to germans and austrians . 
  for example in the new czech province hlu\u010d\u00ednsko the vote of 93,7 % of the population who prefered to stay part of germany has been ignored . 
  double standard is problem just in today 's academical view . 
  no country could exists then and ca n't exists now , should it be dissected by national key . 
  that applies to czech lands which constituted self-sufficient ( economically , politically and organizationally ) part of then austria-hungary in borders of kingdom of bohemia . 
  only alternative to compact czech lands with german minority ( should it be part of czechoslowakia , or sovereign entity ) was bloody civil war on its territory as we know it from yugoslavian example . 
  there always were and allways will be countries with ethnic minoritis and this is ok as long as their rights are preserved , which i claim was the case of czech germans in czechoslowakia but saddly was n't the case of czechs ( and other minorities ) in austria-hungary or germany . 
  in the years after wwi those new countries got their chance to create states which could do better in regards to its minorities than germans , or austria germans did in their empires before 1918 . 
  i claim that democratic czechoslowakia succeeded in this mission . 
   furthermore only 6 days after the end of ww1 the austrian government asked the entente to become part of germany . 
  just one day later the `` landesausschuss f\u00fcr deutschb\u00f6hmen '' ( sudeten-germans ) officially declared the same wish . 
  this wish has not only been ignored but even forbidden in the versailles treaty , a blatant violation of the principle of self-determination . 
  frankly , did n't know about it . 
  however it does n't change anything because creating large germany after wwi could n't prevent rise of fascism there as this movement was reaction to lost wwi and the german unification was just one of the means how to overthrow its results . 
  excuse me , but where did i write so ? 
   that is wrong . 
  my family is from reichenberg ( liberec ) . 
  the german population did not want to be a part of czechoslovakia . 
  they were n't even represented in the name of the country . 
  they wanted to be a part of the republic of german-austria and later join germany . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  accidentaly i 'm from reichenberg too ( or from b\u00f6hmisch aicha to be exact ) . 
  in my childhood i somehow felt that there is always something missing or wrong in this this city . 
  only after 1989 i realized that it is its past , as most of its original inhabitants were ousted after wwii . 
  it 's still strange feeling to walk through sudetendland where remains empty ruins of houses and entire villages people during communism never talked about . 
  after 1989 i even learned that in fact i 'm in 1/8 of czech german blood ( my grand grand mother was czech german who was n't ousted after war ) . 
  speaking about right for self determination - germans had they political representation , schools and german was official language everywhere there was at least 20 % german speaking inhabitants . 
  of course there always were historical tensions , but the interpersonal relations worked well ( i remember my wife 's grandpa telling stories about coming to german pub in neighboring czech german village ) . 
  and the fact that after munich in 1938 most czech germans answered ( except for some border regions ) to the call for mobilisation to defend czechoslowakia against nazist germany proves the fact that the so called oppresion of germans by czech majority was then just a myth . 
   germans have as much of a right to a united country as czech people have . 
  size does n't matter . 
  agreed . 
  however the wheel of history after wwi turned after oppresion during habsburg time into the favour of czech people and czech german ended in czechoslowakia , which imo in fact was good for them , as they could enjoy 20 years of free democratic development in the country who respected their rights . 
  what happend after wwii is another story . 
   kingdom of bohemia itself has always been part of the holy roman empire and its population has been a mix of czechs and germans . 
  holy roman empire was n't sovereign state . 
  emperor was voted by kurf\u00fcrst 's and could n't excert its full will upon the constituent enties , which were rather independent in their policies . 
   but the german speaking population didnt have the equal rights like czechs in czechoslowakia . 
  you are wrong . 
  indeed they did have equal rights ( german was even official language in the parts of czechoslowakia where there was at least 20 % german minority , [ source ( in czech ) ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%9a%c5%99edn%c3%ad_jazyk ) ) . 
   austria-hungary only existed since 1867 . 
  i used term austria-hungary empire just for simplification . 
  it was the final form of habsburg domain , which from 1558 included also kingdom of bohemia as its constituent entity ( which ceased to exist in 1918 by establishing czechoslowakia ) . 
   and what has been the sense of dissolving a multi-ethnic state to create another one ? 
  self-determination right , as expressed even in [ woodruff wilson 's tenth point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_points ) . 
   furthermore you imply that there would have developped a fascist germany without the versailles treaty , which i doubt . 
  and you imply that it would n't should all german speaking lands ( including austria and switzerland ? ), 
  would be after wwi merged with germany ? 
  even then it was utter nonsense and czech german minorities after wwi did n't want to be part of then germany . 
  in fact immediatelly after wwi they wanted to stay part of austria , but this was geografical nonsense and even in the case this would this happen , it would n't in any way avert rise of fascism , as austria was its first victim . 
   ctechoslowakia successfully lobbied at the versailles conference in 1919 to get many german speaking areas ( sudetenland ) into thier new state all those german speaking areas were historically ( and i mean 600 + years ) part of the kingdom of bohemia ( as constituent part of austria-hungary empire ) . 
  it 's lobbying was thus entirely justified as czech part of czechoslowakia was full successor to bohemian region of austria-hungary ( and thus old bohemian kingdom ) . 
  german speaking minority was well integrated , took part in the politics and central government granted its rights to self-determination . 
  also contrary to germans in neighborging countries , germans in czechoslowakia rather thrived , as czechoslowakia was in fact only truly democratic country in central europe between wwi and wwii and was then considered to be safeguard of democracy in the region . 
   ... which is basicly the same no it is not . 
  those parts of cieszyn which were in 1920 awarded to czechoslowakia had more czechs and silesians than poles . 
   this has been against the spirit of wilsons proposal and such injustices helped hitler to get more popular . 
  it may be . 
  however abstract willson 's ideas could n't in any way solve national turmoil in central europe after wwi and injustices which it inevitably produced . 
  should the willson 's proposal be followed , there would be one strong germany and tens of small countries similar to todays bosnia and herzegovina . 
  it would just made easier prey for fascist germany , which wilson 's proposals could n't prevent . 
  czechoslowakia did n't took any part of poland in 1920 . 
  cieszyn was part of the kingdom of bohemia from 1327 to 1918 ( for 591 consecutive years ) . 
  from 1327 under the rule of local branch of piast dynasty , and after they died in 1653 under the direct rule of the kings of bohemia ( who were accidentaly from the habsburg dynasty at that time ) . 
  also in 1920 czechoslowakia did ' t took anything , but in fact just got some 58 % of contested area as the result of spa conference . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cieszyn_silesia ), 
  what exactly should that link prove ? 
  not if you actually are not willing to kill refugees coming from sea . 
   first delivery of piped natgas occured in may 1 , 1974 . 
  you are right :-) . 
   even during worst parts of cold war , gas supplies to western europe were uninterrupted . 
  what worst parts of cold war are you talking about ? 
  soviets started gas deliveries to the west in 1984 when cold war was practically over and soviet block economies were on the brink of collapse . 
  since the ussr collapse russia provided gas reliably just because of the simple fact that hydrocarbons were literally it 's only export product and source of income . 
  immediately after russia recovered a bit ( after y2k ) they started abuse its gas leverage - first on their neighbors ( ukraine , belarus , transnistria , ... ) and in the time of ukraine crisis also on the western democracies , which in effect caused that the eu 's only response for the first military land grab on european soil since wwii consisted practically just of banning a few persons and some meek financial sanctions . 
  so much for russia as a reliable and apolitical provider of gas for western europe . 
   nord stream 2 is a private project nord stream 2 is built solely by gazprom whose majority owner is russian state . 
  you are wrong as / u/niikopol analogy is perfect and clearly points to the main weakness of your advocacy of russia 's reliability . 
  russia is one of the few countries in the world ( and i would say the only one , but frankly do not want to argue about that ) which have recently had alarming record of breaking its long term obligations , be it of comercial , political or foreign nature ( they even broke un charter ) , and as was pointed by others russia also frequently abuses its gas dominance to bully it 's partners . 
  pretending that none of that affects its reliability due to historic record vis-a-vis germany is nothing but alibistic and short-sighted . 
  russia already used its gas leverage on germany ( and other dependent countries ) in ukrainian crisis to soften eu 's response to its blatant violation of international law . 
  should n't there be the gas dependence , eu 's ( and germany 's ) reaction would be much more adequate to this first land grabbing military attack on neighboring country on european continent since wwii . 
  the day will most likely come when russia , in the need to avert it 's domestic problems , will yet again attack another of it 's neighbors or incite another international crisis and yet again use it 's leverage ( strengthened by ns2 ) to eu ( and germany ) to allow it happen with impunity . 
  with an average european price for russian gas being 150 euro per 1000 cbm and thermal power of 1 cbm of gas being 10.55 kwh ( kilowatt hour ) , the source price of gas energy is just 1,42 cents per kwh while the end price for power in germany is [ some 29 cents per kwh ] ( https://www.cleanenergywire.org/factsheets/what-german-households-pay-power ) ( lower for industry , but no less than by a few tens of percent ) . 
  gazprom gas price makes just some 5 % of end power price . 
  similar calculation can be made for households gas price , where gazprom gas price constitutes just some 15 % of end price . 
  moreover , consider : 1 . 
  gazprom price of gas for germany is much lower then european average price . 
  ns2 will save at most tens of percent from the current gazprom price . 
  the effect of ns2 on german economy is thus negligible . 
  energy prices in germany are much more affected by renewables than will be by any potential savings in gas prices due to the ns2 . 
  nord stream 2 is n't good for germany nor for eu . 
  it 's only good for profit margins of involved multinational companies , which lobbied it through the respective governments at the expense of the future and stability of eastern european countries and former ussr countries which have to deal with russia alone . 
   it 's because for all the talk about dependency on russia , it 's actually a mutual dependency . 
  we freeze , they go bankrupt . 
  you are wrong , russia has built enough reserve ( $ 500 + billion ) to survive potential gas cutoff ( russia supplies europe with some 200 billion cbm of gas per year worth $ 35 billion ) , but we ( eu ) still do not have sufficient capacity to substitute it .
