nevertheless it also means that the sanctioning of russian officials is de facto just about preventing them from spending their holidays in eu . 
  rather meek response considering annexation of crimea and 6000 dead in donbas . 
  how is it possible that this vocal russian hardliner and mp , who was put on sanction list by eu , get the medical eu visa ? 
  what are those sanctions worth of , if we ( eu ) ca n't even keep them ? 
  he claimed that he was grateful and pleased when the european union put him on a list of sanctioned individuals in february . 
  ...  many commentators have pointed out that getting an eu medical visa after calling on the russian authorities on numerous occasions to break off diplomatic relationships with the west is hypocritical at the very least . 
   this is particularly true considering the fact that kobzon helped pass a 2012 politically motivated law banning the adoption of russian orphans by u.s. families , denying many of them a chance to get medical treatment abroad . 
  how can you know then , that your cps actually did n't misused its power ? 
  i would also add university of economics , prague, 
  even russians ca n't claim with a calm face that they did n't notice 2,5 m high country border fence and ride through it just by mistake . 
  or capture some unfortunatte estonian and claim he was going to make terrorist attack in russia . 
  but it can prevent russian 's apvs from getting `` lost '' and suddenly emerging in talinn . 
  it may surprise you , but t\u011b\u0161\u00ednsko is not a city . 
  it is a region on czech-polish border divided between our countries ( about 56 % is czech and 44 % polish ) . 
  its largest town annexed by poles in 1938 was \u010cesk\u00fd t\u011b\u0161\u00edn , which had some 15.000 people then . 
  and the city was n't 99 % polish as you think , but according to 1930 census there was 51 % czechs , 38 % poles and 10 % germans . 
  so much for your grasp of the subject . 
  and as for your sudden change of topic from your questionable acquaintance with the history of the czech-polish relations to the munich agreement , i have to asure you that i do not hold any grudge towards poles or germans for anything that happend in the past , so i 'm really far from engaging in any flame you are trying incite on this matter ( and with your kind in particular ) . 
  i thus strongly advise you to leave this thread and share your insightful opinions with someone else , who may more appreciate your , let 's say , `` sense for humor '' ( / r/trolling seems to be adequate to me considering how valuable was your contribution to our discussion ) . 
    tesinko was always part of czech lands  haha sure bud t\u011b\u0161\u00ednsko was part of czech lands since 1327 ( which is perchance longer than russian rule over crimea )  why would those poles want to be with your bummy country ? 
  i do not want to deny poles their right for self determination , however the fact is that between world wars czechoslovakia was the most stable and prosperous ( and some say that the only ) democracy in central europe . 
  should we consider just a well being of its citizens of polish nationality , they would have much better chance for happy life in czechoslovakia than in poland ( which was under pi\u0142sudski 's dictature between 1926 and 1939 ) . 
  so , / u/killercronic , i have rather well-founded doubt about your knowledge of the subject and to be honest also about your motivation . 
  are you sure you know what are you talking about ? 
  but that 's common practice to publish some information based on available sources ( and as accurate as possible ) and then to precise it as more facts come up . 
  there is nothing propagandistic about that . 
  should that be otherwise there could n't be any news about curent events at all . 
  edit : and speaking of your article - there is n't any claim that the condom ban will be country-wide . 
  the article even properly names sources of all its information . 
  i would really like to know why do you consider it to be propagandistic . 
  [ beevor books ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russian-region-bans-british-historians-books/527009.html ) :  the sverdlovsk regional government has ordered local schools to remove renowned british historian antony beevor 's books about world war ii from their library shelves , accusing him of `` promoting stereotypes formed during the third reich . '', 
  [ condom ban ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/large-percentage-of-russians-support-foreign-condom-ban--poll/527901.html ) :  the ban only limits foreign condom purchases by government agencies and state-owned corporations -- essentially , anyone using federal funding to buy condoms . 
  i do n't see any information twisting . 
  on the contrary the articles seem to fully correspond with your explanation . 
  same applies for all mainstream western media too as far as i know . 
  and if i may speak for myself i never read or heard that the beevor books or condoms should be banned country-wide . 
  what problem do you have with the moscow times ( except for it does n't align with your view of reality ) ? 
   ... and that generally russians people dont care of the feeling of outsiders we do not have to agree , but at least be honest . 
  every single one russian i have talked to , cared extremely of the feelings foreigners have about russia , however no one of them was able to admit it ( maybe they were too proud ? , maybe they lacked self-confidence ? , maybe they thought there is currently nothing to be proud of , but were n't able to admit it ? 
  do not know ) . 
  and please do not take it as insult , but you are typical example of this behavior . 
  although i understand your reasoning , i must ask you whether are you aware of the fact , that official declaration of hitler 's government prior to munich agreement was that sudetenland is ** only ** claim germany have ? 
  you surely know what followed . 
  i really do not know why are you downvoted for this . 
  it is enough to read [ this guy 's posts ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/34wf7v/once_again_the_west_fails_to_understand_russia/cqz0dko ) to get some picture . 
  the only thing the people like him really want is to get their empire back , eastern europe inclusive . 
  it definitely changed my view , must see baltics someday . 
  i agree , however regarding africanization i have to ask myself whether it wo n't be wiser to accept imigrants from culturaly more compatible countries , like exussr ( ukraine in particular ) . 
  i also see the better exchange rate more appealing , however the question is , what place against usd is appropriate considering the fact , that eu somehow can not prosper with euro being stronger . 
  sorry but that 's just pathetic excuse . 
  first of all the state has to abide law , not to unlawfully kill people for reasons beyond the control of state justice system ( and public control ), 
  it ca n't be directed by state , as current government is trying persuade its citizens . 
  only way to achieve it is by talented people , who have to have proper conditions to do so . 
  in russia it means : 1 . 
  significantly reduce corruption 2 . 
  significantly reduce bureaucracy 3 . 
  significantly simplify law 4 . 
  wait for 10-20 years for another generation to come ( who wo n't be infected with hate putin and his clique sowed in russian hearts ) and hope that all those talented people leaving russia will actually like to live there . 
  you can guess whether those points can be accomplished with current government ... 
  i can confirm that fully for czech republic . 
  generally appartment buildings were made from precast concrete slabs ( walls and floors ) and other types of buildings ( halls , schools , office ) from precast concrete columns and beams, 
  thanks for the lenghty answer . 
   what i meant about sticking to facts was that when i researched the subject of how this thing is perceived on the both sides of the border for an article i was writing few years ago , i 've noticed that while poles tend to stick by their guns in where they believe poland was right , poles are also more likely to admit wrongdoings on the part of our countries , while czech narration portrays czechs here as mere victims and most people refuse to admit any wrongdoing on czech part , which , as i hope you agree with me , is not really true . 
  i would say that basis of our czech problem in this case is n't one sided interpretation of cieszyn dispute , but rather strong idealization 1st czechoslowak republic ( 1918-1938 ) which does n't allow us to admit any possible criticism , should it be czech german problem , or our discussion about cieszyn . 
   btw : if you are interested in difference in narration , i recommend comparing wikipedia entries on the subject in polish and czech  i like how in czech description from polish-czechoslavakian war there is no mention of a civilian resistance to czechoslovakian invasion , or how hard it is find a mention in czech of czechoslovakian war crimes such as events in bystrzyca and karwina . 
  the crime in stonava , too big to be ignored , is portrayed in czech narration as a polish propaganda ... and this proves my aforementioned point , as i really did n't know about it i do n't think there is any chance to get this information from regular czech sources . 
  thanks for your time . 
  you are wrong . 
  i 'm in situation , where i can choose from : * czech media ( which concerning czech german problem are biased ) * german media ( which concerning czech german problem are biased and i do not understand german ) * english language media ( which in case of wikipedia is ( or should be ) product of compromise between multilingual ( = czech and german ) contributors ) and i choose the english product , which from aforementioned sources has a lowest probability of being biased concerning czech german problem . 
   well , it is indeed quite different , from my experience usually more in line with the facts i would say no offence , but what facts ? 
  your post was my first time i ever heard that there was actually a plebiscite in cieszyn that granted its land to poland . 
  are you sure of that ? 
   ( propably because for poland it was just a minor thing while for you it seems to be a big deal ) :-) i can for sure claim that czech-poland dispute about border in ciezsyn doe n't concern anyone here here in czech ( after all the land then claimed by czech became part of czechoslowakia and now is part of czech republic ) . 
  and even the fact that it was taken from czechoslowakia in 1938 is imo nothing more than small historical disturbance , as there were more serious problems coming in following years for both our countries . 
  also even if it could be interpreted as backstab from poland in the time of need , the fact is , that then poland never accepted czech sovereignity over its part of cieszyn , bilateral relation between our countries were n't particularly good and poland was actually under authoritarian regime then . 
   have n't we been over all that already in other thread few months ago ? 
  i really do not feel any grudge against poles neither for cieszyn or anything else :-) . 
  i was just surprised by the interpretation that czechoslowakia actually took some land from poland and that there was actually a plebiscite whose results awarded those land to poland . 
  anyway thanks for sharing your view on that matter . 
  sorry , i do n't speak german . 
  you are right that the view on czech german minority and its role in czechoslowakia in the years 1918-1938 is different in both nations . 
  for this reason i prefer english references , as there is higher probability of consensual presentation of history . 
  nevertheless i still insist that czechoslowakian attitude toward its minorities was by far the most accommodating in the context of then central europe and firmly exceeded anything czech minority could get should it be part of great germany ( and i do n't speak about nazi 's germany , as it was historical extreme ) . 
   concerning your last paragraph : i think less humiliating peace conditions e.g. 
  like france got it after napoleons defeat in 1815 giving the weimar republic the possibility to be associated with success instead of failure would have helped a lot . 
  after ww2 it has finally worked quite well like that . 
  i agree . 
  however those less humuliating conditions could n't involve creation of great germany in borders larger than pre wwi on the expense of nations who suffered hundreds years of oppression and assimilation from the germans . 
  what plebiscite ? 
  as far as i know the plebiscite in 1919 was cancelled after rise of violence on both sides and the dispute was assigned to international arbitration which in 1920 ruled that 58 % cieszyn lands should devolve to czechoslowakia . 
  honestly , is polish narative of these events different ? 
   a lot of germans in czechoslovakia wanted more than just minority rights , they wanted autonomy . 
  i mean , why did n't czechoslovakia at least recognize the sheer mass of germans inside the country ? 
  the germans were n't just a minority . 
  for centuries germans lived alongside czech people in bohemia and moravia without problems . 
  it 's a shame it came to an end like that . 
  i think that the memory of german rule before 1918 was still fresh for czechs and after hitler 's rise it was too late to speak about autonomy . 
  after ousting of czech germans in 1945 and 45 years of mess which followed in our country the memory of germans and their influence ( both good and bad ) on our history was completely ereased . 
  during communism germans were portrayed unilaterally as the evil villains of our national history and that sense sadly remains in the mind of older generation to date . 
    in fact immediatelly after wwi they wanted to stay part of austria , but this was geografical nonsense  sorry , i understood it that way .
