well , they have been pretty exceptional . 
  except it 's not at all . 
  in devaluation , the value of the currency diminishes - in this case it does n't . 
  during a devaluation those who had debts would benefit while those who had savings suffer . 
  here only those with savings suffer , no one gains . 
  it 's much worse for cyprus than a devaluation . 
  banking regulation has never been stricter than before . 
  the systems in place to prevent systemic contagion \u00e0 la 2007-2009 are so much better than earlier ( see basel iii and the overhaul to the trading book ) . 
  banking regulation is still tightening too , as well as insurance and pension funds . 
  it 's not just against systemic risk either , but also european consumer protection when it comes to investing in mutual funds ( see mifid ii ), 
  if that was feasible , sure . 
  current generations might be hard to convert , but younger generations should be shown how absurd the religions are and given the realistic option of growing up with an alternative to religious fundamentalism . 
  and those in western countries who perform fgm ( even if they ship their daughter out of country to have it done ) , should be sent to jail . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  and not accepting illegal immigrants is n't a wrong in the first place . 
  i mean less than 10 % of these guys come from syria ( in continental europe the share of syrians is of course much higher , 40-50 % ) . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  finland has much fewer issues with this kind of shit than sweden or continental europe . 
  these people probably consider true finns to be traitors . 
  yeah that 's probably as parallel of an analogy that you can get to fgm . 
  one spectrum of politics is obviously insufficient . 
  mussolini is completely opposite to those who a liberals when it comes to markets and social issues , yet both are cast into the `` right wing '' corner . 
  wanting policies that distribute wealth from the rich to the poor ( e.g. 
  more welfare spending , higher taxes on the rich , stricter regulations on companies that favor consumers etc ) is all part of the economic left . 
  that does n't mean they want to get rid of capitalism or think that capitalism is inherently bad . 
  being anti-capitalist is of course a left wing ideology too , just more extreme . 
  just because something is n't in the holy text of a religion ( heck , some religions do n't even have holy texts and function purely on tradition ) , does n't mean it 's not a religious act . 
   if other religions do it , then it 's not or no longer a muslim practice . 
  of course it is . 
  that 's like saying singing the national anthem at a sports game is n't an american practice , just because it 's also a canadian practice . 
  and it 's specifically an islamic religious practice because religions figureheads encourage it under the guise of islam . 
  just because there 's variance does n't mean there is n't statistical significance and causality . 
  what 's the point of having a nice army if you ca n't use it ? 
  the graph literally follows the election results of parties with the name `` social democrats '' or some version of that . 
  it 's just a name of the party , it does n't mean those parties are the only ones promoting social democracy . 
  in finland it 's completely the opposite . 
  and it 's not very surprising given how most journalists study humanities , and the humanities departments tend to be left leaning . 
  the opposite is true for business schools . 
  exactly . 
  the threat of isis sending terrorists among refugees was the terrorism itself . 
  a bluff to make us feel unsafe . 
  i 'm sure all brussels officials , elected or unelected , would love to have the equivalent of diplomatic immunity . 
  shittiest use of a log scale i 've seen in a long time . 
  dclauzel is 10x better, 
  a rape is n't really very newsworthy unless there 's something more `` spicy '' to it . 
  to be honest it does sound plausible . 
  volunteering to carry out a terrorist attack in europe is probably a good bet to get away from raqqa . 
  especially if you 're originally from france and raqqa did n't really live up to the `` hype '' . 
  though it 's not smart to bet on all of these guys being deserters . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  and of course if they do n't commit any crimes there 's nothing you can do . 
  it 's the same why mc gangs still can exist . 
  but i bet your equivalent of the fbi is monitoring them and similar groups . 
  or at least that 's the case in less corrupt countries . 
  average walking speed for adults was 5km/h according to google/wikipedia , which is 1.39 m/s . 
  the populists anti-immigrant parties are not really in control in any of the major countries . 
  the traditional left and right wing parties tend to have a pretty similar response towards immigration . 
  our prosperity and security is certainly at threat . 
  and our culture will be radically transformed . 
  there is no tolerance for those who break the fundamental rights of others . 
  muslim men using domestic violence and threats of violence to limit the freedom of their wives/sisters/daughters , something that is an inherent part of the islamic ideology and common among moderate followers of the religion . 
  authorities need to recognize this and actively combat it as soon as people arrive here . 
  it 's seriously not surprising given that most journalists have very green party-ish views on most western countries . 
  and that again is n't surprising given that journalists generally get their education in universities by studying humanities which tend to instill a certain political view ( very much like business students are often thought to be brainwashed pro-market tory voters ) . 
  because more money is being spent on refugees that come here . 
  3km is n't even very much . 
  it 's about 45 minutes of walking . 
  1km is like 15 minutes . 
  yeah but that 's true of secular muslims in general i think . 
  they mostly just avoid eating pig meat and they celebrate things like ramadan , but do n't participate in the religious or inconvenient bits of islam . 
   western core beliefs i was using this as a catch-all phrase for the values in our legal systems ( equality , democracy , freedom etc ) . 
  you are the people op is talking about . 
  those muslim women who marry outside their religion are not `` moderate '' . 
  they are secular . 
  i have never had any culture related issues with secular muslims . 
  islamic culture is inherently misogynistic and a moderate following of it is not compatible with our western core beliefs and infringes upon many rights we consider fundamental . 
  it was also founded by an illiterate pedophile warlord . 
  moderate muslims are a bigger problem than extremists in europe , due to the huge number of moderates . 
  these `` moderates '' only want to live their own lives according to islamic tradition and do not want to wage jihad on outsiders or convert them . 
  however `` islamic tradition '' entails extreme oppression of women . 
  women are n't allowed to choose their own destinies , they ca n't choose who to hang out with , have sex with , date , marry . 
  many everyday activities are also forbidden . 
  they live under the rule of their fathers , brothers and husbands . 
  try to break free of this circle , by doing something as horrible as dating a westerner , and they both become targets for honor violence . 
  honor violence generally is n't even dealt with in actual courts , but instead in parallel islamic courts where the guilty family pays off the victim . 
  ah , right . 
   because if germany tries to scare us pointing at our wallets , we can scare them pointing at theirs . 
   because if germany tries to  germany, 
  merkel had to do some deflection after making that syrian girl cry . 
  he clearly said that germany would be the one to threaten with economic sanctions first . 
   the gap between black and whites is about 15 iq points there is no gap when looking at black people who have lived in western countries after controlling for income . 
  yeah that is not true at all -- go back to coontown, 
  remember i 'm talking about genetical averages among different ethnic groups , not genetical variance within individuals . 
  i 'm sure those people who are born with a lot more testosterone than average tend to end up in different subcultures in society than those born with very low levels , for example . 
  however the differences among the average person of european origin and the average person of asian origin are very small and can not explain these differences . 
  because even if it 's true , the differences are way too small to explain this big distinctions in culture , poverty etc. 
  ok let me put it this way : there is no significant causality between different genetic groups and crime . 
  differences in culture do not arise by differences in genetics . 
  instead , environmental factors drive certain genetic groups to form cultures among themselves ( e.g. 
  inherited culture ) .
