  instead they are granted permission to stay for 1 year at a time until the war ends . 
  great system . 
  the fact that we 're not culturally compatible means there are going to be huge costs that do not show up in the government budget . 
  eu should take in refugees who ca n't stay in countries like turkey due to persecution there . 
  the greece thing is not comparable , and it 's not done out of goodness of the creditor 's hearts . 
  eu already spends a lot in foreign aid . 
  lending a hand to people in need would be to support them in their own countries or the neighbouring areas , where doing so is much cheaper . 
   strela manpads imagine how easy it is to take down a civilian airliner with one of those . 
  yeah but that 's a far cry from the cultural crash between europeans and sub-saharans/middle-easterners . 
  that 's not to say there are n't people among the refugees who might fit right in here ( secular , young people ) . 
  but a huge amount do not . 
  and even those who might 've fit in at the onset , risk becoming alienated and radicalized due to the vast number of immigrants forcing them to live in ghettos instead of mixing with the locals . 
  you think east german refugees starting opposing all things capitalist once they got to the other side ? 
  they probably embraced it . 
  a huge chunk of the current refugees resent western culture ( except the uk football premier league for some reason ), 
  i do n't see how the germans have any obligation to share the wealth and welfare they created for themselves through hard work , paying taxes and contributing to a relatively non-corrupt political system . 
  because of systemic risk . 
  the only systemic risk in this instance is with allowing too many migrants into europe , which could cause severe social issues and spread to all aspects of life . 
  nato killed 60 people in libya . 
  they hit almost exclusively military targets . 
  nato is n't responsible for libya . 
   now this is a crisis for which the north is as responsible as the south . 
  fuck that sweden and finland is n't part of nato . 
  we dindu nuffin . 
  cool appeal to emotion but 75 + % of all asylum applicants are males 17-35 years old according to eurostat , the number is even higher when you include pure illegal immigrants who do not originally come from a war area . 
  our right is roughly on the same line as your right when it comes to the economy . 
  they are however quite socially liberal . 
  or socially conservative parties tend to be near the center when it comes to the economy . 
  it 's just a fucking animal , and not an endangered one . 
   urrrm , it does when you have fptp ... why do you think i brought it up ? 
  it does n't matter if we 're just gauging sentiment . 
  but yeah uk has a royally fucked up election system favoring the establishment . 
  it was n't just ukip who got shafted . 
  if roughly 12 % of the population supports a party they should have that representation , whether it 's ukip or the greens . 
  you might put some bottom limit so you do n't have a zillion small parties though . 
  from what i gather the point is that if they win the election they have mandate from the people to shut down the czech borders regardless of what eu says . 
   the nato thing is overblown maybe , but those countries that are to act as gatekeepers need assistance from those who are further away . 
  it 's to everyone 's benefit . 
  i should 've used the term `` popularity '' . 
  ukip got 12.7 % of total votes . 
  it 's quite significant . 
  it does n't matter that they did n't get geographically concentrated support , a large chunk of the population support their point of view . 
  i use the word international because some non-eu countries also signed it . 
   the concept of a `` border '' is less than 200 years old . 
  you wat, 
  according to the international conventions they must apply for asylum in the first countries they arrive . 
  once you leave your war torn country and get to a safe country , any further movement is pure economic migration . 
  well this might depend a lot on the country . 
  as i said , i do n't know enough about fp\u00d6 to comment . 
  i think it 's unfair to say that true finns are racist for example . 
  and true finns campaigned on a platform of `` no compromise '' until they had the chance to get into the government . 
  they made the compromise , as did the establishment , in an effort to get power . 
  they 're politicians after all . 
  the concept of being a refugee is that you return to your home country once the war is over . 
  these people are burning their passports and never intending to leave . 
  they 're not going to go back and rebuild . 
  the rebuilders are fighting isis right now or they 're waiting in turkey and the surrounding countries . 
  the people who come to europe are just here for the standard of living , not the safety . 
  they 're absolutely trying to feed of us . 
  and again , i kind of see their point , but it 's illegal and we should n't support such activity . 
  certainly not when many of these people have values that are completely contrary to ours . 
  why so salty ? 
   ut\u00f6ya that was one lone gunman . 
  and of course a small group of extremists can be dangerous and kill many . 
  but they 're not dangerous to our democracy like the actual nazi party in germany was . 
  in greece you have a nazi party in the parliament . 
  this is the distinction i wanted to make . 
  yes i realize that i 'm generalizing and the above experience is n't exactly the same for all eu countries . 
  but they do tend to share many characteristics . 
  the traditional establishment right deserves as much blame as the left does . 
  neither were willing to make a compromise on immigration ( in many countries ) . 
  as a result you got the new populist anti-immigration parties as well as a whole bunch of neo-nazis . 
  when sweden democrats got 13 % in the election , everyone else was crying about how 13 % of swedes are racist far right wingers . 
  that was as recently as last year . 
  people absolutely try to associate these populist parties with the extreme right wing . 
  whether they actually believe them to be the same or whether it 's just political gameplay , i do n't know . 
  these are * populist * parties and not really right wing parties in the the traditional sense . 
  these parties for example do not support most right wing economic policies that are espoused by the establishment right wing party . 
  i do n't know about orban or fp\u00d6 , but ukip , fn , true finns , sweden democrats are not very extremist in nature . 
  it 's just that because they 're the only game in town for people who are critical about immigration , they will attract both those who are moderately against it and those who want a race war . 
  the trend for all of these parties have been towards moderation as they become more popular . 
  they 've had to `` clean the house '' to become mainstream . 
  they 're shifting towards compromise , not extremism . 
  true finns is the perfect example . 
  they got into the government and the government took some of their concerns into account with regard to future immigration without any harm coming to the current immigrants . 
  you misunderstand . 
  fleeing syria is completely legitimate . 
  but the moment you enter a country that is n't at war , you 're safe . 
  moving forward from this country no longer constitutes being a war refugee . 
  you 're supposed to seek asylum in this country . 
  yeah that 's my point , the right wing does n't recruit nazi brigades . 
  some of them might 've had some people with racist ties in the early days , but those people have been cleaned out years ago . 
  in sweden the `` svenskarnas parti '' is the closest equivalent to golden dawn . 
  but they have < 1 % support . 
  refugees did n't ask for it , but the policy makers did . 
  it was a predictable outcome . 
  people who participated in the arson should obviously be punished with the full extent of the law , but just focusing on them is not going to solve the problem . 
  they 're economic migrants . 
  except most of them are n't fleeing certain death anymore . 
  they just want western countries to hand them higher standards of living ( at the expense of those who built those standards of living ) .
