  sexual predator and arguably a rapist ? 
  sure , if she did what people claim she did . 
   you ca n't drag boats from international waters into libyan waters without the consent of the libyan government . 
  what is libya going to do ? 
  shoot us ? 
  just send a hypothetical gunboat outside of tripoli and they 'll sign any treaty you want in a heartbeat . 
  libya did n't seem to mind these people when they entered the first time , i 'm sure they can be `` persuaded '' to not mind the second time . 
  except they do not produce the same amount of value , even if they do the same job - likely because the company they work for is paid less for its services than the company in the west . 
  year but that 's just fluctuation in the fx rate :p, 
   since 1996 , every krone the government has earned from oil has gone into a savings fund , which now totals some # 240bn today the fund is worth # 745bn ( or eur 845bn ), 
  rude language ( swear words ) are also prohibited despite not being able to enforce 100 % . 
  these specific rules are at school level , based on general guidelines by the finnish national agency for education . 
   kids are entitled to as many personal freedoms as adults . 
  absolutely not . 
  for example , a parent can physically prevent their kid from leaving their home . 
  similarly , the parent transfers the right to the school to prevent the kid from leaving the school/punish the kid for leaving with e.g. 
  detention . 
  you ca n't do this to adults , obviously, 
  the school can obviously choose not to enforce it , but immigrant kids are absolutely being told to speak finnish in the helsinki region . 
  back when i was a kid in a swedish language school , i too was prohibited from speaking finnish during recess . 
  what about them is retarded ? 
  they provide very good results from an empirical point of view . 
  the only ones really annoyed with them are elementary school pupils who would rather play mobile games than learn at school . 
  so they ca n't use foreign curse words/bully other kids without the teacher understanding and being able to intervene . 
  they are taught other languages in school . 
  finland is very successful in its english education so this seems to work pretty well . 
  these policies are based on pragmatism - i.e. 
  what helps the kids succeed in school . 
  we do n't care about the kids free speech as they do not have any in school . 
   in fact , we should stop them from speaking these languages at home as well . 
  the whole point of controlling spoken languages was to prevent language based isolation of pupils and help the teacher control what is being said . 
  this does n't apply at home . 
  a lecture is 60 minutes of which 45 minutes is devoted to education , the remaining 15 min recess is still part of the lecture and the responsible teacher pretty much gets to say what the kids have to do ( within school rules ) . 
  they can prohibit the use of mobile phones . 
  nevertheless , the point is that these are young kids and are n't entitled to freedoms like an adult would . 
  their caretakers have given the school permission to act as absolute dictator over the kids ( within certain boundaries ) . 
  as it should be in elementary school . 
  it 's elementary school recess for 7 - 12 year olds , recess there is essentially part of the education process , not a 15 min anything goes free-for-all . 
  the recess is not considered free time . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  it also helps teachers control what is being said ( if the teacher doesnt speak finnish ) . 
  funnily enough , we do n't allow students to speak swedish in finnish language elementary schools during recess . 
  only finnish . 
  swedish language elementary schools in finland likewise only allows swedish . 
  these are young kids . 
  in school . 
  they do not have a `` human right '' to speak a particular language during recess . 
  the school decides what the kids can and can not do during school time . 
  their caretaker gives this right to the school as part of signing the kid to the school . 
  if kids could just challenge their caretaker 's orders on human rights grounds ... lol, 
  speaking other languages than the official school language is not allowed in finnish ** elementary schools ** ( yrs 7 - 12 ) . 
  it helps prevent language based isolation of pupils . 
  it also helps the teacher control what is being said . 
  these are small kids at school , they do not , should not and are not entitled to have freedoms during school unless it benefits their education and development . 
  the finnish elementary schools are globally prized and this is one aspect of their success . 
  except they are . 
  in finland you 're not allowed to speak anything other than finnish in finnish language elementary schools during recess . 
  in swedish language elementary schools in finland , you are only allowed swedish . 
  this is to not freeze out people based on what other languages they speak and to help school personnel monitor what kids are saying . 
  no one in finland is outraged over this . 
  it 's good school policy on sweden 's part . 
  pretty silly given that this is such a recent event that all sides , from un to nato countries to serbia have a vested political interest to spin this event in their favor . 
  unless you think the hague is completely non-political . 
   but people are angry because local bosnian military was disarmed by un in exchange for protection of srebrenica . 
  protection that no one really intended to keep . 
  shame . 
  you just summarized why un is to blame for handing the previously armed village to the enemy on a silver platter . 
  you could at least give the local militias back the weapons you disarmed them of , before you retreat from the approaching serbs . 
   they 're already doing this shit in france where green protesters are put on lists for thought crimes i 'm firmly opposed to this , but i do n't think that 's what is happening . 
  if the antifa in hamburg `` is what 's left of the left '' then good riddance i say . 
  fortunately , the left is not just a bunch of antifa edgelords . 
  what did michael scott do to deserve the 20th level of hell ? 
  you do n't get it though , human rights , as defined by the ehcr for example , are political . 
  the concept of having human rights may be as fundamental as mathemathic proofs , but the definition can be anything between the earth and the moon depending on who defines it . 
  which means in practice they 're solely dependent on the ability of some jurisdiction to enforce their version of human rights . 
  now you may refer to some philosopher who defines `` natural rights '' for each person , and who goes to great lengths arguing and perhaps offering some sort of proof , for why their definition is correct . 
  these are much more stronger fundamentally than political human rights , however they have no enforceability . 
  basically they would have fewer rights than those convicted of grand treason . 
  it would never happen . 
  instant imprisonment , trial and deportation ( which would be more or less successful depending on country of origin ) is actually realistic . 
  they would however get recognized , and the above process would take place , the moment they tried to use any of the services/opportunities you mentioned . 
  but they keep crashing the car into your house on purpose so you 'd give them aid . 
  while you pat yourself on the shoulder for being humanitarian , the very people you help laugh at you for being so easy to take advantage of . 
  sorry , `` what 's to stop them from trying again , though '' was what i meant to say . 
   willing and eager accomplices in others ' deaths they 're killing themselves . 
  just because you 're not in africa spending all of your wealth and efforts to try and save starving kids for a few more days does n't make you an accomplice in their deaths . 
   babbys first encounter with political realism, 
   the problem is that eu is trying to position itself as the progressive voice of reason on the world stage . 
  in rough words , we 're trying to pr ourselves into being `` better '' than usa/china etc. 
  more like idiots ready to be exploited . 
  also i think these world leaders are too busy playing wack-a-mole and putting out fires in their own political landscape for re-election purposes , to formulate actions based on long-term strategies like that . 
  what 's to stop them from just stopping again , though ? 
  human rights are not natural rights . 
  also you can say you 're for `` human rights '' , but the question is whose definition of human rights ? 
  echrs `` human rights '' are not some objective definition that is based on deep philosophical truths . 
  it 's just a bunch of political stuff that was decided upon back in post wwii europe . 
  first of all echr , those watermelon sellers , are a joke . 
  yeah , soros is definitely a shady character , with too much influence for one person . 
  oy vey , if you say anything bad about a particular jew who belongs to the 0.01 % you must hate all jews !, 
  read the rest of his comment to find out why no one has the balls to make the call .
