  is this at least partially due to the fear of the communist regime ( which was preceded by the nazi regime ) simply being replaced by the next authoritarian thing in some chaos following the independence ? 
  pretty weird , though not surprising given polands history . 
  finland obviously fought both the soviets and the nazis in wwii ( never occupied ) , but we do n't really have anything like that on the books . 
   or any other totalitarian system of governing so promoting communism carries the same penalty ? 
  i 'm more scared of the people who think vigilante justice is acceptable in this thread , than someone making a nazi salute . 
  stop taking yourselves so seriously . 
   preventing pro-genocide groups from promoting and organizing would fall under this clause . 
   random wasted tourist jesus fuck what reality do you live in ? 
  i think the question is , why the fuck were they so upvoted in the first place ? 
  yes , but the picture is a drawing . 
  the whole point of banning cp is not that it 's gross ( which it is ) , but that allowing it enables an industry that exploits real children . 
  a drawing , no matter how gross , does not harm kids - there are no victims . 
  were any pictures actually of humans below 18 years old ? 
  or were they just various degrees of drawings ? 
  what the fuck is an `` artificial intelligence '' company ? 
  thanks . 
  i think the source really have been in ops picture . 
  please remember that we have no source for this , and if the sampling is poorly done you will get biased answers . 
  none of you should believe anything in this picture without a source ( and checking that the person who is responsible the survey at least understands the basics of statistics ) . 
  i think most people imagine a religious muslim when they phrase it like that . 
  hope they include mandatory military service in `` in employment , education or training '' . 
  also we will loot it during ww3 when no one is watching, 
  norway has a $ 840 billion oil fund ( https://www.nbim.no/ ), 
  to me , the corruption ( and the perception of corruptioon ) in countries like bulgaria is a significant push factor . 
  why put the category break at 12 % ? 
  in many places its the `` annoying '' tourist high season that makes businesses profitable enough to stay in business . 
  without the tourists , there 'd be a lot less for the locals to enjoy in the off-season . 
  so you want tourists out of prague , but i suspect you want to visit cities around europe , no ? 
  you see the hypocrisy ? 
   fuck tourists in my city  why is everyone so rude when i 'm a tourist, 
   some species which are absolutely critical to our ability to continue existing are preserved for human health/economic reasons . 
  yes, 
  i doubt he gets to keep it , it 's evidence . 
  completely irrelevant because animals ca n't claim self defense . 
  if nothing matters , then why does the turtle need to be protected ? 
  because losing a turtle species changes something ? 
  why is change bad ? 
  the only reason we preserve these turtles is for our own amusement and amazement . 
  some species which are absolutely critical to our ability to continue existing are preserved for human health/economic reasons . 
  reddit always does this with animals . 
  i think it 's some kind of coping mechanism , you feel powerless relative to the guy who does this , and you regain some feeling of power by making these very over the top wishes of harm to the guy . 
  it 's a bit like the twitter people who want to ruin someone 's life over a slightly offensive joke that leaks to the public . 
  why else would you kill the turtle though ? 
  like what 's his motive if it was n't to remove a turtle that was harming swimmers ? 
  i think we 're talking about bit more than one , and not just muslims . 
   `` africa 's population boom fuels ` unstoppable ' migration to europe '' http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-africa-analysis-iduskcn12d1pn, 
  if the allegations that she was part of an `` enforcer '' squad ( enforcement of sharia ) , then i do n't really give a shit . 
  yeah but that 's just typical whining . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's some kind of equilibrium with the right amount of tourism and right amount of small shops . 
  if the shops decline too much , the increase in tourism will slow down , which slows down the decline in small shops . 
  well it 's just like a company being able to pay higher rent than tenants , so they convert the area to office space . 
  it 's simply more valuable use of the real estate than housing locals . 
  not to mention the auxiliary benefits of tourism ( spending in local businesses , which is higher than the spend of locals ) . 
  of course it is acceptable . 
  having tourists in that area is clearly more beneficial for the local economy than having you . 
  it 's more that they are not in compliance with regulations , which hotels for example have to abide by . 
  in finland employees can be outside of the union ( they do n't have to pay union fees but do n't get union benefits like the union 's unemployment insurance ) , but the agreements negotiated by the union can still apply to them . 
  literally what i said, 
  i think the downvotes are unfounded . 
  eu promotes trade and dependence between members , which also promotes peace and good relations . 
  i was referring to the nation 's educational institutions . 
  of course if a bulgarian got an education elsewhere it 'd be different . 
   we have gender quotas in sofia uni and women enter with lower grades on average in the mathematics and informatics department . 
  great way for a country with already dubious reputation on the labor market to improve the perception of its education quality . 
  us is free to choose its own penal system but then eu countries should not have extradition treaties with countries like the us . 
  though uk is of course soon leaving the eu . 
  good argument, 
   * `` please nanny state , take care of me !, 
  what was the video from spain ? 
  it 's not like that at all . 
  people on \u00c5land still root for the finnish national teams etc. 
  is this part of the france vs. italy proxy-battle for libya ? 
  they are right , though the diseases they bring pretty much only affect those who are n't vaccinated for one reason or another . 
  it 's critical to make sure the migrants/refugees get vaccinated so our herd immunity is not compromised . 
  his point was that most germans are ** not ** concerned about the purity of their race ( aryan/white whatever ) . 
  learn to read . 
  i was n't siding with the identitarians , i do n't like ngo 's of any kind out there . 
  it was a response to his line of arguing where being opposed to rescuing people off the coast of libya and shipping them to eu means you 're a psychopath who does not care about other people . 
  one really needs to look at the big picture and not the individual here . 
  reddit reactionaries downvote turkish posters due to turkish ultranationalist group stoning istanbul synagogue during protest against al-aqsa restrictions, 
  in finland nothing really matters until the final exams at the end of high school ( ~ 18 year olds ) , because they can help you get easier into university . 
   he had apparently been too scared to tell his parents about one average mark . 
  i still do n't understand how this judicial reform is any worse than the system it intends to replace . 
  the government nominating people to the highest courts is n't unusual at all . 
  mind you , i have really not spent much time trying to find out either . 
  i think it might be more of a case that the ngo ship is not obligated to port in an unsafe country to drop them off . 
  i 'm not moving goal posts . 
  i just wish you would answer the post two levels up . 
  i asked you to answer the issue of what do we do if hundreds of millions want to come here ? 
  do we let them all in ? 
  no matter if they 're economic migrants or refugees , i ca n't see how that would ever work . 
  also , having a budget surplus is irrelevant to the discussion at hand . 
  just because the rest of the economy is doing well does n't mean there are n't aspects of the economy that are also slowing it down . 
  few would disagree that the uneducated migrants are an economic drag ( though the open borders people say it 's more like a long-term investment ), 
  i do n't think they 'll do anything like that , but i would n't bet money against it either . 
  if the crew is at all of any significant size , i bet serious violations will get leaked . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were members of various nations intelligence services among them . 
  yeah , but they 're not refugees . 
  most of the people coming now are illegal immigrants/economic migrants . 
  the whole developing world ca n't be refugees .
