  if you are actually under 18 you are not a potential liar . 
  the more potential liars you find ( that did not lie but instead reported themselves as over 18 ) , the smaller the percentage of liars is . 
   this is an unacceptable high number of asylum-seekers lying about their ages . 
  to answer this properly, 
  if you want to know how large % of refugees are willing to lie regarding age , the statistically correct way of doing it is to divide the amount of liars with the amount of potential liars . 
  this means not including refugees who are actually under 18 , nor refugees who are way too old to have any chance of succeeding . 
  if you want to know the share of refugees currently classified as under 18 who in fact are older , then you need more data , because the sample in op is obviously biased towards contain more fake-under 18yos . 
  that is , unless they managed to catch every fake-under 18yo ( very improbable ) , then you could just divide by total amount of under 18yos . 
  many asylum seekers are probably not in the age-range to even lie about it . 
  the correct way to do it is to divide the liars with the total amount of asylum seekers who have anything to gain by lying ( potential liars ) . 
  i wonder how much of this was happening during soviet times ? 
  everyone i know in finland has a negative opinion of them . 
  their culture is absolutely toxic and cultlike , a true crabs in a bucket mentality . 
  it 's the one group of people you can talk shit about in public without consequences . 
  capitalist lies are not free speech . 
  jail anyone who spreads capitalist lies !, 
  banning campaigns are anti free speech though , so i guess you 're wrong . 
  yes because the morality of the legislatures of a few us states should be applied to each and every citizen of the us . 
   its more complex than that , because it ignores grey areas , like rape or dangers for the mother , to define these matters as selfish is just wrong , self-preservation is not selfish but the most natural thing . 
  i would advocate abortion in all of these cases but it 's still a very selfish choice . 
  sometimes you need to be selfish . 
   no , you are not allowed to lie in order to gain control of womens ' reproductive systems . 
  you do not have this right . 
  these sites are arguing for why women should * choose * not to abort instead of abort . 
  saying that simply arguing for the alternative is some kind of violation of women 's right to choose is some pretty awful doublespeak . 
  there are pretty clear moral arguments for * choosing * to not abort - ones which i personally dismiss over the pragmatism of abortion - but others might * choose * not to . 
  it 's you who is being authoritarian . 
  when did / r/europe become this authoritarian ? 
  the 1700 $ are hotel rooms that can be reserved for months . 
  this map is a scam, 
  lots of prices are outright false . 
  its significantly cheaper in helsinki , between 550 - 850 depending how close to the most expensive areas you want to go . 
  unless it is about the holocaust , then the germans get triggered . 
  we dont need more people, 
   free speech does not protect racism , antisemitism or other forms of discrimination . 
  speech is limited , especially when the definition of discrimination expands to include things like harsh critique of a religion and those who subscribe to that religion . 
  sonera in finland is offering this but for nordics + baltics . 
  very nice when travelling for business in these countries , too bad it does n't work in rest of europe . 
  the problem is pretty clear when looking at ops pic : germany etc, 
  in finland there is zero cap for the premium plans costing ~ 30e . 
  for cheaper ones there is . 
  using it for mobile wifi with computer/l \u00e4ptop . 
  very good when studying or working in a field that requires direct client contact ( e.g. 
  mgmt consulting ), 
  germany has never been a beacon of free speech anyway . 
  it 's not really surprising that ger is a bit fucked up due to its ` shame ' from wwii , despite me hoping they 'd turn more pro-freedom . 
  free speech in the usual contex means the government ca n't sanction you for your speech ( sometimes in particular communities , like reddit , you swap govt for the community admins , but it 's a different type of free speech ) . 
  it does n't mean you have to be fine with everything everyone says . 
  you definitely can push for social consequences for people who preach hate speech like islam or nazism , such as prohibiting them from your community without government intervention . 
  does n't mean we have to go down the road of turkey or the uk with censorship . 
  its people like you who will be the end of this brief period of relative freedom we 've enjoyed in the west . 
  i only hope it 'll be people like you centuries + from now , and not years from now . 
  the sub is very leftist . 
  they dislike ukip, 
  the article is very poorly written , its a mess, 
   i would never encourage violence but i would argue being provocative , insensible and disrespectful about something is in some cases worse than physical violence . 
  does n't make any sense . 
  just google `` man killed by punch '' . 
  not only can the initial hit kill you , but especially the subsequent fall is dangerous . 
  in most places the courts would determine whether the threat was credible enough or not , and if it is , you get sentenced . 
  either way , let the authorities do it . 
  every time there 's a hint that an animal was hurt/abused , there are people calling to skin/boil the person alive . 
  i 've pretty much resigned to it being some kind of coping mechanism . 
  why would n't you just snap a picture and report it to the authorities though ? 
  there are on both sides . 
  it 's almost like a football hooligan type culture , none of them really have a coherent ideology but they like to fight . 
  antifa is much more numerous in mainland europe though . 
   it 's like walking into finland and saying `` i proclaim this to be soviet land ! '', 
  some shit 's just gon na get you beat up . 
  no you 're not . 
  i do n't think we have anything that could be even close to as sensitive here as nazism in germany . 
  the civil war of 1917 is too far removed , but that would 've been something like 50 years ago . 
  and your desire to take matters into their own hand when people commit non-violent acts that you do n't approve of , reminds me of a certain delusional and barbaric attitude that a certain driver had yesterday . 
  it 's not fit for a civilized society . 
  sexual assault is different , the victims were hurt regardless of why the perpetrator did it . 
  what the drunkenness does , is contribute to motive . 
  and i 'm saying that his motive was likely not to start a nazi resurgence . 
  what happens very easily is that people like in the news story get labeled a nazi and killing them becomes `` justified '' . 
  as long they 're just talking and not actually making credible threats against anyone , it 's not illegal . 
  not to mention if you go full `` bash the fash '' , you 're going to be the ones who get the hate of the public on you , and you 're going to create a self-fulfilling prophesy . 
  well throw the book at them unless the guy who got hit is man enough to admit he `` deserved it '' . 
  a punch can kill . 
  a nazi salute holds absolutely no meaning out of context . 
  for example in finland , i wager 99 % of the time someone does it it 's as a joke . 
   however , kkk , nazi , far right , deserves anything that come to them because they 're horrible people . 
  and trust , the world would be a better place without them . 
  you 're just as bad as r/physicalremoval, 
  is that supposed to be an insult ? 
  i get it if it 's two friends fighting or otherwise both parties are okay with just leaving it be , but in general that 's a good way to end up with a corrupt policeforce . 
  the nazi laws are in place to prevent it from happening again , no ? 
  the drunk guy is not going to start a revolution , he 's just taking the piss of the germans . 
  in finland people would laugh . 
  i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  i mean if you went to some gang territory in the us yeah it 'd be quite probable that something bad happened to me , but that does n't mean i would defend the gangbangers . 
  yeah and i just got a bunch of `` punch the nazi replies '' in a very short timespan, 
  i defend law and order , so do most people in finland . 
  which is why we 're worlds most stable nation while romania is romania . 
  hating them is wholly different from assaulting them . 
  not to mention doing a nazi salute when drunk does n't really mean you 're a nazi . 
  time to watch some number on memes,
