  the article describes how high real estate prices translate into high costs for the employ ** er ** . 
  the figure consists of two parts : 1 . 
  the cost of office space per employee if rented . 
  the upward pressure on salaries caused by high real estate rents . 
  if residential rents were lower , employers could pay lower wages in these cities . 
  so this is a combination of both commercial and residential real estate rent levels , without directly taking into consideration any other costs of living . 
  so how much does it cost normally ? 
  are you actually saving any significant sums ? 
  outside of eu it can turn to other countries if eu goes full retard . 
  inside the eu it 's pretty much done for . 
  just because they 'd receive financial support when they hit rock bottom does n't mean they 'll be better off than they 'd be with some semblance of sovereignty . 
  having a veto to prevent the most egregious legislation might mean they 'd be much more prosperous . 
  also given the animosity of the people 's of the eu towards greece and other mediterranean nations during the last 6 years , i do n't think countries can rely on each other when shit hits the fan in the same way us states could . 
  there 's no reason why it would benefit * every * country long term . 
  every country could repeatedly vote against a single country and they would essentially lose all sovereignty . 
  your second point is related to optimal level of governance . 
  just like in a joint venture , you require unanimous consent by the venturers because each party has a desire to appropriate resources to themselves . 
  it would make little sense to move the final decision making power of a business to third parties . 
  similarly , there 's no need to give veto powers to levels below the board , because the business unit levels below have interests that are mostly aligned with the board 's goal of shareholder value maximization anyway . 
  all in all , there 's no way any single small eu country can have any faith that eu will act in their interest on average . 
  countries will try to exploit other countries for their own benefit , much harder than individual cities in a country will . 
  hence the veto requirement . 
  generally the centre right plays along with the `` regressive left '' as long as they get to enact their economic policies . 
  centre right basically gets the `` bourgeoisie '' vote . 
  people who care more about the economy than social issues/immigrants . 
   diversity promotion is a mainstream value despite your aversion to it . 
   women and minorities are penalized for promoting it, 
   racists are penalized for being racists, 
  i am out to destroy islam , tbh, 
   i did give him $ 10 you dun messed up, 
  in finland muggers are such pussies that giving them your stuff would be a mistake . 
  i think you have some freudian interpretations if that 's how you view the discussion about immigration . 
  being opposed to islam or opposed to immigration does n't mean your pro-genocide . 
  just like the hundreds of millions of muslims who do n't like jews are n't actually all for genocide of the jews . 
  more like getting rid of them is a bonus if we stop being idiots with our immigration policy, 
  islam needs to be considered as any other undesireable ideology such as racism , sexism or nazism . 
  while not outlawed , society needs to take a firm stance against the ideology as a whole . 
  we lose nothing if humanity loses islam . 
  the voice of an increasingly nervous man who wants to avoid brexit . 
  maybe some good can come of this clusterfuck . 
  speak swedish while in estonia and speak finnish while in czech got it, 
  how can they piss on the monument ? 
  there 's like police guard 24/7 there . 
  sure , just like they can battle obesity , promote use of contraceptives or treat alcoholism . 
  the picture in the article is of sweden ( stockholm ) , not denmark like it says . 
  quality website . 
  legally , i do n't see a problem with being a racist . 
  i guess the point is that death threats are fine from a free speech point of view , they just happen to violate some other laws in some circumstances . 
  death threats that are n't credible ( such as of people who already are dead ) obviously are n't illegal . 
  i can completely relate to that . 
  huge culture shock when i moved to canada , so many beggars . 
  just wanted to recycle their biomass for fertilizer . 
  you mean 50 minutes , not 50 metres , right ? 
   psychological and physiological strain is also much different from the male counterpart . 
  that 's why the decision of ( medical ) abortion is left solely to the woman . 
  what is being discussed here is the * legal construct * that is responsible for the current financial issues in child support . 
   because of this only way such legal abortion could work is if in case of father opting it the state would step in and pay half of what the costs of raising the kid would be . 
  if the woman ca n't handle it , she should abort . 
   the law is set up with child 's interest in mind . 
  by this logic we could improve the children 's interest by not allowing poor people to have kids at all . 
  i hope you realize how fucking stupid that argument is . 
  pregnancies happen despite the male taking conventional precautions . 
  plus sex is an act between two people , it 's unfair that the man should be the only one with financial responsibility , while the woman is given the option to abdicate all financial responsibilities if she so wishes through abortion/giving it away . 
   but , does that mean that the government has to foot the bill for the absent father ? 
  no , she pays it herself because she chose to carry the child to term . 
  in the case that she is poor and qualifies of welfare , obviously the government will step in . 
  some private firms are making a killing on this , though . 
  when the government is in panic mode and free capacity is scarce , you can ask for nearly any price you want . 
  they do n't have the willingness to negotiate - particularly not when there are some suspicious close party connections . 
  i do n't think policy makers give a shit , or even should give a shit , about individuals . 
  lots of beneficial policies hurt some individuals ( e.g. 
  breaking some monopoly ) while benefiting many more . 
  his point is that even if facebook wants to allow illegal hate speech , they ca n't . 
  a question of jurisdiction arises then however . 
  these h1b workers i 'm talking about are much more important to the us economy than any alleged damage from cheaper foreign workers coming here . 
  even if they do , the overall effect on * global prosperity * is positive . 
  there are a shit ton of h1b workers who simply do not exist in the us and have to be imported . 
  usually us firms that either want to sell to a foreign country or analyze something relating to a foreign country ( e.g. 
  equity analyst of non-us firms ) . 
  the only alternative to a h1b is to set up a foreign office , which can be too expensive for many . 
  le pen is low energy . 
  we need a high energy president , like trump . 
  christian fundementalists have hardly been pro-gay rights either . 
  but their influence in germany has n't exactly been strong . 
  it 's a nice sign of what kind of trash values are being brought here from abroad . 
  but from a practical point of view this seems really necessary . 
  if you look at research by globally known institutions such as pew research center , bosnian , albanian and kosovo muslim communities are essentially not any more fundamentalist than christians in some european countries . 
  it 's not really surprising that these old values are at a clash with the new extremist influence coming from abroad . 
  still , grounds for focusing the oversight on the foreign qualified docks . 
  it might be that it 's a few particular countries where the qualification simply is n't up to par . 
  there 's no way turkey can join eu . 
  it 's a textbook case of a country slipping into totalitarianism . 
  calling all religion `` superstition '' and `` bullshit '' is not being edgy . 
  it 's simply correct . 
  what the hell is your problem ? 
  well the top comment of your comment chain is about not being surprised . 
  i do n't even think about you, 
  to be honest it would be a miracle if this was n't done ( by all sides ) . 
  plus there are some obvious stages one floating around . 
  does n't mean the most reputable news agencies use them though .
