  plus he 's not letting anyone in there until next year at the earliest . 
  not to mention having private people house refugees is not a good idea . 
  these people need close by access to professionals who can help them integrate to society , as well as people who speak their language . 
  this is n't my opinion , but the opinion of experts who deal with the homeless and refugees . 
  hungary used tear gas etc because the refugees were ** trying to go to germany ** . 
  and they tried to go there illegally , by storming the trains and train stations . 
  they were shutting down infrastructure in budapest and destroying property . 
  they were n't `` fleeing hungary because hungarians were persecuting them '' . 
  talk about turning the situations 180 degrees on its head . 
  the whole situation started because the migrants wanted to get out of hungary . 
  what the sign says is that hungary is worse than dying in syria . 
  `` i 'd rather experience war in syria than this shithole that is hungary '' . 
  that said this is just one sign , not the opinion of everyone . 
  but the fact that people do n't want to stay in hungary and throw a hissy fit over not getting to germany is a clear sign they 're only migrating for economic benefits right now . 
  they were migrating away from war at the onset of their journey , sure . 
  it 's not a strawman . 
  there 's a lot of people here who support antifa for example . 
  because i can discuss them here ? 
  i can get viewpoints from people in other countries ? 
  plus discussions on major news sites in finnish media have been closed for migrant news . 
  a lot of the people in turkey are n't really living there , but in refugee camps that are far away from cities . 
  the 2008 banking crisis was a much bigger crisis than this one has been thus far . 
  i think a lot of non-finance/economist people underestimate how close everything came to going to complete hell . 
   i just want our mods to weed-out the xenophobic cunts sure as long as we also weed out the far left wing posters . 
  if you look at the front page of a european news agency , almost all non-domestic news are refugee related . 
  it 's not very surprising that this subreddit follows that . 
  more specifically qu\u00e9bec . 
  even more specifically montr\u00e9al . 
   `` anyone who argues against immigration using cold hard arguments are secretly racists '' . 
  that 's a very convenient way not to have to debate anyone on an equal ground . 
  merkel is incentivizing the exact behavior that results in dead kids on the beaches of the mediterranean . 
  she 's encouraging complete anarchy regarding the refugees within eu . 
  a system of social darwinism determines who gets here , not law and order . 
  she 's encouraging a system where the rich and the strong migrants reach europe , while those who need the help the most -- the sick , the poor , children and women , the weak and the elderly -- are left in primitive conditions in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  [ i 'm pretty sure the last few days has proven that they are economic migrants . 
   contrary to popular belief , a lot of the early migrants are educated and had good jobs . 
  it 's how they managed to pay to get here . 
  and those who need the help the most are left stranded in turkey etc ? 
  great system this seems like one of the biggest instances of social darwinism ( and actual darwinism given that the weak are more likely to die during the trip ) in eu history since you know what . 
  i 've been in the military as well and 12 hour stints were the norm ( obviously with toilet + food breaks ) . 
  and of course this would go on for a week or two in a row at least . 
  weekends were a myth . 
  that 's kind of the point though . 
  every minute they spend up there is incredibly expensive and every hour is an hour they could use to learn things that no other humans on earth could . 
  why * would n't * they work long hours to test as many things as possible ? 
  not really . 
  i study economics and finance at graduate level , i 'm not totally ignorant about eu economics . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w take a que from australia, 
  i actually failed at geography . 
  countries like greece , slovakia , slovenia , croatia are apparently not direct neighbours . 
  of course it is . 
  low skilled workers are going to see their wages decrease further relative to high skilled workers ( which these migrants will not be at least for a decade or two ) . 
  except you can do that in romania and hungary , as evidenced by the millions of people who live in that country . 
  they do n't have huge unemployment rates . 
  their wages are low in euros , but their purchasing power is high . 
  sure , iphones and other imported goods are expensive , but basic necessities like food , real estate , education and local services are cheap . 
  in fact greece is probably the only place in the eu where achieving what you noted is a bit dubious right now . 
  of course you do n't need id at all times . 
  but for many basic functions it 's needed . 
  not just for the sake of the government , but for the sake of many businesses so they know you are who you claim you are . 
  the article mentioned typical astronauts only work/research 80 hours over a 6-month stint . 
  how is this possible ? 
  it 's less than an hour a day . 
  wtf, 
  well she made a small girl cry by telling her on live television that she 'll get deported , as if she had no idea it was n't a very smart move ( her current stance can be traced to that incident i think ) . 
  she probably is a robot . 
  you 're not the only country with less than perfect unemployment metrics . 
  while imo it 's the best option , it 's not really an instant solution or an easy one . 
  it 's very hard to guard the tens of thousands of miles of eu border , it 's very hard to find a large portion of the illegals and there 's no guarantee turkey will agree to it even if eu promises to take a significant portion of the refugees . 
  to play the appeal to emotion game : after isis , she 's the biggest incentiviser for causing cute small kids to drown in the mediterranean . 
  i doubt it . 
  romania has a lower standard of living than many neighbouring countries . 
  it 's more that they have been a very attractive place for many european manufacturers due to favorable environment for foreign corporations and cheap but quite skilled workers . 
  the romanian corporate tax rate is only 16 % for example . 
  many european sold cars are assembled there . 
  they also have their own budget brand ` dacia ' ( famous from top gear ) . 
  dacia is one of the largest growing brands of renault . 
  of course not . 
  but there 's a huge gap between the perception of these people and what they really are . 
  they are coerced by romanian mafia . 
  romania has an unemployment rate of only 6.9 % ( compared to 9.6 % in eu ) , the lowest in the region and one of the lowest in eu . 
  they should walk to france . 
  there people always shut down the motorways in various ways ( cow poop , tractors , lorries , walking ) when they 're unhappy . 
  but the pro refugee camp is giving more and more incentives for people to take the risky trips where kids end up drowning . 
  these people are relatively wealthy compared to those in lebanon and turkey . 
  most of these will go buy the food they like from locals if they 're hungry . 
  yeah . 
  eu should accept many more refugees from turkey etc , and pay for their safe travels to whatever country they 're assigned to . 
  anyone who is caught trying to immediately migrate to more prosperous eu countries after being sent to a less prosperous one should be sent back to turkey . 
  anyone ( without documentation but who is of middle-eastern origin ) who otherwise illegally enters eu should be sent to turkey . 
  the relocation might be expensive in the short run , but with the right incentives it 'll be better in the long run . 
  also it will be more fair as poor refugees , women and children have a better chance of getting to eu . 
  it also allows us to negotiate fairly with turkey and we regain control of our borders . 
  hungary has to register them per eu rules before they can let them slip to germany ( they were criticized eu earlier for not complying ) . 
  they have limited capacity to register these amounts of people and the refugees do n't want to be registered because technically germany could send them back to the first country of registration as part of the dublin protocol ( which germany is n't enforcing right now ) . 
  a huge issue for comparison is that the majority of estonians that are convicted for crimes in finland are not actually residents . 
  hence they will have a low share of finnish population even though many more estonians spend time here . 
  somalians rarely come here on short visits . 
  you find similar issue with finns in estonia , as many drunk finns commit crimes in estonia , yet only a small share live there and count as part of the population . 
  meat is much more expensive .
