  finland has traditionally had lower taxes on dividends because of the corporate tax ( these were raised as corporate taxes were lowered ) . 
  in economic literature the dividend/capital gains tax + corporate tax is indeed considered double taxation and the true tax on corporate profits is the both of them combined . 
  it 's not some us right wing political thing . 
  double taxation is fine as long as the combined burden isnt too great . 
  the issue here is that google uses phony transfer pricing to artificially reduce profits in subsidiaries in high-tax regimes through `` license fees '' . 
  these license fees are paid to tax havens . 
  for normal manufacturing firms this is much harder because global benchmarks allow regulators to detect fraudulent transfer pricing . 
  for license fees for a market operator who has basically a monopoly on a complex tech business its kind of impossible for regulators to make the call . 
  right but it 's extremely anti-competitive for one firm to be able to pay very low taxes and others not . 
  especially when the barrier to this sophisticated tax planning is size - which shuts small firms out . 
  illegitimate transfer pricing should be cracked down upon more aggressively . 
  oh im sure its even worse , but so what ? 
  right , but english is the language that is spoken in practice between the peoples of eu . 
  mi5 is n't exactly popular , bit lik e cia . 
  corrupted crooks . 
  use white skin pixels on them , to give the illusion the perps were white, 
  paris is notorious for being one of the harder financial centres to work in without knowing the local language, 
  you need near perfect business jargon fluency , especially the ability to read documents without losing information, 
  yeh , without the language its pretty hard to work in finance/business in paris . 
  there are some positions , but most kind of require it . 
  we 're talking corporate taxation , i guess . 
  i 'm guessing it has to do with taxation , and the avoidance of it . 
  most of them are, 
  he goes on :  i shudder to think what is going to happen when uk citizens start vindicating these new `` rights '' in luxembourg . 
  this line of thinking makes everything into terrorism . 
  why do people have this need to define every crime as terrorism ? 
  honor killings are not terrorism , though it 's possible that honor violence is an even bigger problem than terrorism, 
  the explosives though ... 
  the whole reason sweden and finland scrambled to join eu back in the day was for the free trade . 
  banning poor people from having kids would also help the kids -- this is not a good argument for or against . 
  why not ban poor people from having sex then ? 
  the child will on average be worse off in a poor family . 
  that 's not a modern view on sex . 
  sex is no longer just for reproductive purposes in western culture . 
  tbh we could just take it, 
  so brave, 
  banksy would n't be happy, 
  45km , yes ( military ) , plus sharing a surface to surface missile platform among 5 guys, 
  women should drape themselves in a cloth painted to the colors of the tricolour ? 
  it would n't solve the whole problem because it 's easier to get in illegally ( avoiding coast guards ) than australia for example 2 . 
  also it 's not easy to find such an island . 
  nevertheless , every bit helps . 
  if you proposed this idea you 'd probably be labeled a racist though . 
  we need one of those australian concentration camp islands where we can send them . 
  there they can choose to either voluntarily return home or enjoy the safety of the island . 
  is she playing devil 's advocate here or what ? 
  nothing stops ch from just ignoring the immunity lol, 
  nk could just ignore the immunity, 
  no , it is not automatically better . 
  you mean like erdogan ? 
  yup . 
  though in finland unpaid internships generally mean they 're shit quality . 
  i 've seen that film . 
  now think how much easier it would 've been for will smith if he and his son could 've slept on google property , eaten google food , taken google showers etc. 
  that said , most firms do n't provide as much as google does . 
  plus they pay their interns anyway . 
  did i take memes too far ? 
  because ultimately konstantinopol is belongs to greece . 
  the issue raised in the article is that people from poor families ca n't afford to work for free , because they literally would n't be able to eat/sleep during the internship . 
  if google provides the food and accommodation , things would be different . 
  remember that the cost to the employer is not equivalent to the salary of the employee . 
  there are lots of extra statutory and non-statutory employee costs to be paid . 
  i wonder how valuable these interships ultimately are . 
  ` real ' internships in my field are all well paid and certainly open for people who has good academic performance and displays intelligence/skill in the interview . 
  i find it funny that amnesty does unpaid internships but `` evil '' financial institutions like investment banks and private equity firms compensate interns well . 
  with these qualifications you could earn $ 50-100k / year in a proper job . 
   icelandic depression . 
  what ? 
  iceland is n't known for high depression rates . 
  their rates are lower than that of other nordic countries , austria and uk for example , according to 2004 who statistics . 
  i would just throw them in the sand after observing for a while whether the person is actually at the beach or not . 
   any refugee caught in europe will be deported to turkey/syria to register there was n't the point here that we would n't rely on despots to do our dirty work ? 
  without the cooperation of the despots , where do we send those who need to be deported ? 
  stopping them all at the border is going to be really hard . 
  i do n't mind if they implemented what you proposed , but it 's not going to solve the problem . 
  well the study is linked in the bbc article . 
  personal anecdotes are generally not very accurate . 
  if you read the article , you 'll see that the study says this is not the primary cause . 
  environmental factors are . 
  pollution for example is a great way to make sure your kids grow short . 
  the study says that the growth is too fast to be explained solely by genetical factors , and that environmental factors are likely to be the primary cause . 
  you 're below the average for dutch men born in 1996 . 
  obviously you will be taller than the average man , because most men are older and shorter . 
  note that the average dutch male height of 182.5 cm is for men born in 1996 . 
  if you take all adult dutchmen , the average height will be well below this . 
  europe has absolutely no use for the vast majority of these unskilled immigrants . 
  syria on the other hand might , however you ca n't really invest the money in syria right now . 
  nothing ventured , nothing gained, 
  right wing vigilante death squads on the borders ? 
   that is not necessarily linked to religion . 
  it 's being taught by religious leaders in the case of islam , so yes it is . 
  and in general i think in this day and age we should aim to transition out of religion altogether . 
  if your interpretation of the religion is really just a hateful conservative political ideology , based on christianity , islam or something else , i would think it 's a good thing . 
  fyi , i 'm one of those swedish speakers whose ancestors lifted the finns from the swamps to civilization . 
  finland never colonized or bombed anyone . 
  what right do muslim fundies have to come here and treat our gays , jews , women and existing secular russian muslims like shit ? 
  the issue is the muslim ultra-conservatism is even more hateful than the `` christian '' conservatives . 
  muslim conservatives have absolutely no shame in their hate and oppression of women , their anti-semitism and disdain of gays . 
  additionally , christian conservatives do not threaten people who leave their religion with death and honor violence . 
  there are not thousands of girl across europe who have had to change their names and countries to avoid being harmed by lunatic relatives , because they left christianity .
