  we took them in , we have to deal with them . 
  but we do n't have to make the same mistake twice - whether this is by `` shutting the gates '' or by driving a more aggressive assimilation policy . 
  given the anti-semitic views of western european muslim immigrants , it 's not a hard leap ( 45 % second generation muslims think jews can not be trusted ) . 
  [ top notch academic source ] ( https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread ), 
  islam is still the root cause . 
  and really regardless of whether one or two of them were from syria or not , the fact that so many were french shows that the threat will remain at least partially even if borders are shut . 
  i 'd be very interested if they 're essentially third generation immigrants or later . 
  i 've seen a lot of talk about that generation in particular becoming inspired by isis . 
  the data is all out there : here 's for comparison of south-eastern european muslims ( albania etc ) vs. other countries with dominant muslim populations : http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf here 's comparison of first and second generation muslim immigrants vs christians : http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/1369183x.2014.935307, 
  criticism of islam alone is incomplete if we can not point to the real world consequences , such as the majority of muslim ( males ) being deeply misogynistic . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) of course it does n't mean there are n't exceptions . 
  if terrorists put you in a position where you have two bad choices , you pick the one that is least bad . 
  the terrorists probably expect you to make that choice , because the alternative would hurt you even more . 
  trying to surprise them by picking the worse choice makes no sense . 
  no , they actually look at the output * during * q3 2014 and compare it to output q3 2015 . 
  remember , gdp is a flow , not a stock . 
  it 's like income , not wealth . 
  also gdp figures are seasonally adjusted . 
   where one of those rules could cause problems to any civil guy . 
  that 's a good slippery slope to further encroachment on civil liberties . 
  `` i do n't know how the racism ban could cause problems to any decent person '' is the logical next step . 
  and it already exists partially in many countries , and it has led to some really stupid legal cases . 
  the end game is yale university 2.0 . 
  just fucking handle it . 
  someone obscure person talking about `` holohoax '' is not the end of the world . 
  yeah but the title said she got imprisoned for holocaust denial . 
  also sending that is arguably not inciting violence , but that 's for the courts to decide . 
  i think the point here is that some of those rules are ridiculous and a sign of a weak nation . 
  in fact , it 's probably only a matter of time before the next charismatic person swoops in and off to the races with the germans again . 
  it 's completely different to threaten someone with lynching . 
  that 's inciting violence and should be very carefully regulated ( i.e. 
  if it 's credible it must be dealt with harshly , but if it 's clearly a joke then not ) . 
  denying the holocaust is factually wrong and agitating , but an opinion anyone should be * legally * allowed to hold and communicate . 
  well people are blaming putin for this in this thread and thinking the russian economy declined a further 4.1 % . 
  you made the case for why it 's external , not internal causes ( though you could argue putin should 've made the economy less oil reliant ) . 
  i made the case for why people are blowing the number out of proportion . 
  lending to greece is one of the causes of this contraction ( it contributed to fucking up * our * public finances so the government became more conservative with fiscal policy ) . 
  it 's definitely not the biggest cause though . 
  people also fail to realize that it did n't actually fall 4.1 % in third quarter , it fell 4.1 % ** annualized ** . 
  so if all quarters of a year are this bad , it will be a 4.1 % drop . 
  quarterly gdp changes are always annualized, 
   blatant falsification of history , no matter how ridiculous it seems inciting hatred is one thing , but this is done all the time everywhere . 
  no one has banned blatant falsification of history as far as i 'm aware . 
  `` there is no absolute free speech , so we should just ban random stuff because we 're too weak to hear it '', 
   american redditors telling germans how they should run their country there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  everyone is entitled to an opinion ( as should this nazi lady ) . 
  it 's not like we decide for them or anything , just saying how we think it should be . 
  up to them to take that advice or not . 
   marmalde and chocolate sprinkles wtf, 
  except you * were n't playing the immigration hot potato . 
  you were playing the `` all immigrants please come here '' before it was cool and kept increasing the ante the worse it started to look because you would lose face if you admitted it was a born to lose idea . 
  sweden has been in a collective hysteria over how great immigration is , and how anyone who disagrees must be socially sanctioned , despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary for at least 3 years now . 
  * only applies to those who voted for any of the main parties except sd, 
   letter bombed just to be clear , they did n't actually send bombs in their letters, 
  sweden fucked us over once again . 
  they 're actively putting refugees/migrants on trains to finland because they ran out of capacity ages ago . 
  most of them from afghanistan . 
  what a fucking neighbor . 
  the deeper you dig the more you realize sweden has had a track record of trying to fuck us in the ass , while acting holier than thou . 
  they are just jealous they ca n't into our successosphere . 
  looking at average rates is also misleading because firms do not have to pay taxes if they do not make a profit for a particular year . 
  if they make a loss they can carry it forward and not have to pay taxes for future years either ( until they have more historical profits than losses ) . 
  for any year there is bound to be a significant amount of firms that by design pay no taxes ( and the design described above is a must ) . 
  they would drag down the average effective tax rate a lot . 
  60 % firms paying the tax rate and 40 % firms paying 0 . 
  ( above is all simplified ), 
  what is the national security case for spying on the vatican ? 
  i know the germans got rekt in the second world war , but surely the swiss guard is not that intimidating . 
  that logic is circular as fuck . 
  `` risking the kid being taken '' is not a good reason for taking the kid . 
  yeah but the question is what 's best for the kid ? 
  being slapped some is likely not as detrimental for the kid as being separated from parents that actually care for them . 
  slapping does n't imply a lack of affection or ability to raise the kid for that matter . 
  norwegian child protective services need that budget money though , and sacrificing a few immigrant kids and families at that the altar of bureaucracy is not something they 'll lose sleep over . 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm saying she should n't lose custody just because she committed fraud . 
  the nigerian might have a legal claim because of legal bullshittery , but no reasonable individual would consider him to be a good option as a caregiver . 
  especially as he 's part of the scam too . 
  her crime is as morally reprehensible as any other white collar fraud , and does not mean you 're inept at raising a kid . 
   the `` what , i ca n't even slap my child ? '', 
  mentality is very real here . 
  not really a reason to take away kids though , if the only option is the state . 
  i 'm not a russian troll but the situation was n't really as clear cut as that . 
  same with the latvian kids . 
  participating in a sham-marriage is not really * that bad * of a crime . 
  i do n't really see why the kid should n't return to his mother . 
  the state is not really good at caring for kids and the nigerian has absolutely no claim . 
  typical scandinavian bureaucracy strikes again . 
  if it 's not norwegian government abducting lithuanian * kids , or finnish government protecting a kidnapper of a russian child , it 's the danes handing a kid to a nigerian scam artist . 
  there 's a famous [ finnish comedy movie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saatanan_radikaalit ) made of the subject . 
   accustomed to the heat of the sauna , four dead finns enjoy their days in hell so much that they are sent on a temporary leave back to earth ... 
  the only condition is that they can not get drunk on alcohol , which turns out to be the true definition of hell for a finn . 
  ph.d. in theology is just as good as a ph.d. in astrology . 
  it 's a fucking joke . 
  ( astrology , not astronomy ), 
  and even if those in critical condition survive , their lives will likely not be the same plus they 've been through truly `` hellish '' experiences . 
  you know how bad vr used to be in the 80 's and earlier ? 
   blonde-haired tatar called rinat akhmetov not blonde by finnish standards, 
  same in finland . 
  the only way you can even guess someone is a tatar is their surname .
