  switzerland 's banking sector is about wealth management . 
  it 's slow , reliable , secure . 
  it is however not a financial centre . 
  london on the other is one of the most important financial centres in the world with trillions in derivatives trades being settled yearly , almost all large european bond issues are done in london , it 's the home to some of the most important exchanges and the most important over the counter cluster . 
  london is where capital is raised and traded . 
  switzerland is where it goes to rest . 
  uk excluding london is barely above oecd average though . 
   because russia has never assassinated people before it 's that polonium is used when you want to send a message . 
  heartattack inducing methods are for when you just want someone gone without a lot of a hullaballoo, 
  france still hopes they can transform this into a uk problem . 
  your article really does n't address free will at all , but rather people 's ( antisocial ) reactions to the concept that free will does n't exist . 
  though for some reason the author concludes that he thinks free will does exist . 
  it 's also not very fair to say that science supports your assertion yet provide nothing to back it up . 
   very strong evidence that our heritage and enviroment when growing up determines to a very large if not absolute degree who we are . 
  again , in the framework of a regression analysis , those factors are highly statistically significant but their joint r ^ 2 ( explanatory power ) is not even close to 1 . 
  in other words , they almost certainly influence where we end up , but they do not determine exactly where we end up because of unobserved factors and randomness . 
  you 're the one overlooking the fact that just because you are more disposed to being ambitious does n't mean there 's a deterministic outcome . 
  this disposal only `` biases '' your choices , it does n't determine them . 
  from the point of view of an observer with perfect information about the individuals genes and environment , and who can not influence the individual in question , a probability distribution of the potential actions can be modeled . 
  however the individual itself , while likely bound by some sort of ` feasibility boundaries ' , does not care about the outside observer 's probability distribution when making the decision . 
  the end result of your way of thinking is essentially that no one is responsible for their own actions , and rewarding/punishing people for their actions ex-post ( after the action has been taken ) would be ethically wrong , though ex-ante ( before the action ) the promise of rewards/punishments might make sense in creating incentives ( which the individuals would respond to like mindless drones ) . 
  remember the first chart shows ** net ** remain ( remain minus leave , meaning a value of zero 0 is fiftyfifty ) . 
   if you are born with the capacity of have a normal intellect , you ai n't gon na be einstein no matter how hard you try . 
  you absolutely can make major discoveries , maybe not on par with einstein but certainly big enough to get published in top journals . 
  work ethics are probably more valuable than high iq in being successful in these fields . 
  again , you 're going to say laziness is all pre-programmed , but that 's a cop-out . 
  now if you 're born in a rural village in ethiopia , then yeah , you 're shit out of luck most likely . 
  maybe you should read my post which says :  you need both bad luck due to events beyond your control can absolutely fuck up your chance of success , i do n't think that 's really debatable . 
   you would n't blame a guy who has down syndrome for being unable to function in school properly that 's a bit different from saying that most people 's success is out of their control , i.e. 
  that the guy who decided to skip work because he was tired is not to blame for getting fired . 
  of course if you happen to develop cancer and die , then it 's likely to have been out of your control ( unless you decided xraying yourself every evening was a good hobby ) . 
  so again you 're saying that everything is purely deterministic ? 
  free will does n't exist ? 
  that 's just bullshit said by people who want an excuse for their own failures . 
  `` i ca n't exercise and stay fit because of my environment and my genes , sorry '' . 
  yeah , that 's my points , those traits set the bounds - but it 's your individual decisions that determine which paths you take . 
  they 're not purely probabilistic ` dice-rolls ' based on genetic or environmental factors ( not to mention environmental factors can be influenced by the individual ) . 
  the individual has the choice between a reward now or in the future . 
  just because the ( soft ) bounds might be given by external factors ( biology , genes , health ) , a lot of it is determined by whichever choice you actually make ( and your previous choices ) . 
  the reason you wo n't just sit back and relax until inevitability happens is because you do not actually believe that it 's all predetermined . 
  pure or near-pure determinism just makes no practical sense . 
  so why bother with anything then ? 
  if it 's just pre-determined , just sit back , chill and wait ( and watch how you never become successful ) . 
  also is others defined as all other cultures or certain other cultures ? 
  you need both . 
  to say that everything is essentially pre-determined is just a cop-out answer . 
  because in college they find evidence that america is best . 
  dog bless the united states of america and no one else, 
  person behind it wants the population in a frenzy , everyone salivating for war and signing up for the military . 
   we got ta find who did this crap hint : it 's erdogan, 
  false-flag by erdogan himself to get people on his side for syria invasion ? 
  some people from the genuine war zones might not even have documentation . 
  others might not be able to retrieve it or it has been destroyed . 
  well the us/canada is definitely foregoing people who would earn way above average wages due to their difficult process . 
  it absolutely would happen in the uk too . 
  [ i did labor economics as my minor in uni ], 
  what about the brain drain that uk is on the benefiting end of ? 
  if uk leaves eu , the ability to move to the uk to work from elsewhere in the eu will be harder , no ? 
  suddenly these people might go for places like the us/canada instead because it 's just as much of a hassle as the uk - or to france/germany because it 's less of a hassle than the aforementioned countries . 
  the economic argument is the only one that actually held up and benefited the uk ( and eu ) . 
  a lot of firms are making a fucking killing on servicing refugees . 
  the governments are in such a panic mode that they 'll just pay anything . 
  disposable income is not a good gauge of standard of living . 
  countries that pay high taxes usually get something in return for those taxes , reducing the need for actual disposable income . 
  $ 6000 is n't switzerland . 
  it 's liechtenstein ( mostly rich tax evaders ), 
  it 's a fucking glitch , stop with the absolutely ridiculous tinfoilhattery . 
  the clip is available in other places on the site with full audio . 
  the swedish version of the speech which follows is also full audio . 
  seriously i hope you can see how ridiculous you 're being by jumping to conclusions like this . 
  people always tend to assume rape claims are true . 
  it 's really a fucked up thing to be accused of . 
  she would probably not have been fined . 
  but i guess she talked to the cops without a lawyer . 
  sounds like fear mongering to me . 
  yes , two terrible attacks happened , but it 's a country of 66 million people . 
  the risk for the individual is abysmally small , but the negative consequences in form of stress/fear are much greater when multiplied by the huge population . 
  fyi : it 's not illegal to use an illegal weapon for self-defence ( excessive force is n't allowed though ) . 
  if she had found the pepper spray on the street during the scuffle , she would not have been fined . 
  but she clearly admitted to having it in her possession beforehand . 
  this was one of the top voted posts already yesterday ( but from a better source ) 2 . 
  while this situation clearly demonstrates the usefulness of pepper spray , the fact is that it 's currently illegal to possess one in dk . 
  the law thus states that she ought to receive a fine . 
  the law should probably be changed . 
  she did n't get fined because she hurt the aggressor , self-defense allows you to use any and all non-excessive force to protect your or someone else 's life . 
  the fine is for possession , which is unrelated to this crime . 
  of course germany can have whatever legal definitions of rape as they want ( as does saudi-arabia and iran ) , but that does n't mean it 's not * actually * rape from a moral and psychological point of view . 
   rape  ( 1 ) whosoever coerces another person  \\ 3 . 
  by exploiting a situation in which the victim is unprotected and at the mercy of the offender ,  to suffer sexual acts by the offender or a third person on their own person or to engage actively in sexual activity with the offender or a third person , shall be liable to imprisonment of not less than one year . 
  this certainly applies to the situation from an ethical point of view , even if the german law does n't interpret it as such . 
  either way , if the information in the articles are true , then she was raped , despite the label of the crime the perpetrator gets sentenced for . 
   the age of consent is n't just some arbitrary age we 've banned sex for ** because we think it 's disgusting . 
  ** it 's pretty rude to so blatantly misquote someone . 
  unhcr can go fuck itself, 
  the age of consent is n't just some arbitrary age we 've banned sex for because we think it 's disgusting . 
  sex with young children is coercive in nature even if the child says yes and even if it says it enjoyed it . 
  the child is not of mental capacity to make a yes/no decision at that age , and is extremely easily manipulatable by adults . 
  really ought not to matter whether the child says yes or no , they * can not consent * . 
  why ? 
  statutory rape absolutely involves coercion , as the child is thought not to have the necessary maturity to make a valid yes/no decision .
