  going against the flow risks you getting labeled and frozen out . 
  being at the forefront of the flow helps you gain power over others as no one dares say no . 
  so either you 're just completely silent or you go full retard . 
  from a game theory point of view , every other move is a losing move in this circlejerk . 
  i think this exodus is vastly exacerbated by the propaganda and lies of the smugglers and the general rumours that go around in middle-east regarding europe . 
  it does n't help that most people working for the child protective services in finland are bottom of the barrel talent that could n't get a meaningful job elsewhere . 
   i truly believe the cps here is doing there best that 's not how any bureaucracy that is larger than a couple persons work . 
  they are always either in one of two modes : 1 ) trying to justify their existence and need for budget increases by creating as much work/expenses as possible or 2 ) severe cost cutting due to direct political pressure . 
  the former state means bureaucracies will be overzealous , the latter means they ca n't get anything done . 
  these two modes are of course forced on the institution employees as well , for example by making the threshold to make a situation into a child abuse case much lower , and thus increasing the budget . 
  you 're right . 
  banker 's 9-5 has gone to banker 's 9-4 . 
  the new kids are too soft . 
  back when i was a fresh analyst 4 hours was plenty of sleep . 
  9 a.m. to 5 a.m. just does n't cut it anymore . 
   we are in favor of women 's right to self-determination hope it 's not just talk . 
  wonder if there are women on this forum . 
  no one is saying you ca n't set up solar panels to provide for your own electricity needs ( partially , as it wo n't cover nearly all of your needs ) if you hate energy companies so much . 
  however you 'll be paying a lot more for your electricity than if you just bought it all from dedicated producers . 
  from your personal point of view your own solar panels represent an equally bad `` single point of failure '' , except you do n't have dedicated risk management or maintenance crews to prevent it from happening or fix it once it has happened . 
  cool video, 
  are you serious ? 
  thank god i went to kauppis, 
  very few , if any , of the guys trying to get to britain are syrians anyway . 
  it is when your social system is prepared for a 0.3-0 .5 % increase in population per year and suddenly you get an 1.3-1 .5 % increase -- not to mention these guys are adults not infants , leaving you with no time to prepare for their much more complex needs . 
  it 's kind of funny how scary it is when politician 's only rebuttal to philosophical , legal or economical arguments is that we need to be compassionate and understanding . 
  compassion and understand is generally a good quality , but not when you 're ignoring all pragmatism . 
  right , and due to economies of scale you can achieve the same level of green energy production at a lower cost with dedicated solar farms . 
  dedicated solar farms where you can benefit from economies of scale . 
  it 's also why it 's not very smart for each individual to produce his own electricity , and better to have large facilities to do so . 
  no it does n't . 
  if it was economically viable people would 've already done it . 
  if you want to promote green energy you can accomplish the same level of green energy production at much lower costs by using dedicated solar farms that can benefit from ** economies of scale ** . 
  the opportunity cost of forcing people to start wondering how to set up solar panels , to actually hook them up and to buy them at expensive prices in small batches is too large . 
  this is typical `` feel good '' - legislation that destroys more value than it creates . 
  one is an infringement that you have to live with or perish by an external threat . 
  the other one is just used to promote multiculturalist agendaa . 
  i went to erasmus voluntarily and i have done military conscription but what you 're suggesting is an absolute infringement on the basic liberties of individuals , even if we completely ignore the `` cultural genocide '' part of it . 
  family ownership has both good and bad sides . 
  on one hand , family ownership is ripe for issues between majority shareholders and minority shareholders ( they extract value form minority through self-dealing ) . 
  on the other hand , they have very good incentives to monitor management and thus reduce conflicts of interest between management and shareholders . 
  small shareholders do not spend time on monitoring . 
  all jews are not israeli nor do they support or enable israel to do what it does . 
  yes he is . 
  you but it should be made clear that you need to go pretty far before you actually break the law . 
  of course also the circumstance where you say it , and what your position in society is , matters . 
  some old dude saying the jews should be gassed in his home at family dinner is not the same as the principal of a university saying it . 
  you can absolutely say that you hate muslims because they 're muslims in sweden . 
  it does n't fill the criteria of being `` missaktning '' . 
  however if you say muslims should be gassed , then you 're threading on thin ice . 
  iraq is a large country and many areas are safe enough . 
  the north is n't though . 
  mostly this was in response to deny those from the baghdad region , unless they are persecuted for some other reason . 
  apparently the area around mogadishu is relatively safe , at least for somalians . 
  why do you think there will be riots ? 
  just rid yourself of all negative thoughts , let positive emotions flow and hug it out . 
  about 70 % iraqis and 10 % balkans and the rest are from various other countries , mostly somalia . 
  in finland only 2.5 % of refugees were syrian last month . 
  yet we 're being overwhelmed by immigrants . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/miksi_syyrialaisia_turvapaikanhakijoita_ei_tule_suomeen/8298830 ( use google translate for source on that 2.5 % number ) . 
  if you watched the john oliver clip , this was clearly not just about syrian refugees . 
  syrian refugees are a small part of all immigrants . 
  a lot of leftists in general want to accept everyone who comes from the middle-east and africa ( including somalians , iraqi , afghanis and pakistanis ) . 
  you have absolutely no solutions just `` we need to help compassion emotions rational and logical thinking is racist cry cry cry '' . 
  there is absolutely no way we can help everyone . 
  we can help some syrians , but most refugees are n't syrian . 
  we are not prosperous enough and we do not have the infrastructure to take in even a small slice of all the poor people in the world . 
  there 's over 2.5 billion people living on under $ 2 per day and this number is increasing by about 50 million a year . 
  our social infrastructure will pretty much be done for after a couple million , even if they 're spread out over a few years . 
  and even though we can economically help the syrians , it will have immense negative effects on the poor of our own countries , and it will cause major social issues for years to come . 
  by setting aside your emotions you can manage these issues in ways that minimize the negative effects . 
  [ of course . 
  in fact , it makes us the true heirs of the roman empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/buenbsx.png ), 
  they need to do more than just translate it though . 
  similar to how the us does with its citizen path , one should also have them truly understand what the concepts mean in practice . 
  how about east bloc ? 
  having a bit of an identity crisis are we ? 
  ex-soviet will always be ex-soviet . 
   it 's good to help people in need you ca n't be this fucking naive . 
  most of the immigrants will not qualify for refugee status because they 're from safe areas in iraq/somalia/balkan . 
  in the real world you ca n't just be floating in the fluffy clouds on an unicorn preaching about compassion . 
  there are limited resources , there 's security ( both the locals and refugees ) to manage and so on . 
  not to mention the complex effects this will have on the countries ' that are losing all these people or the revenue stream this is for organized crime . 
  this is one issue where one could , in my opinion , easily present the absurdities of both sides for comedic effect ( people dressing up as kkk or refugees whining about shitty wifi ) and then conclude that people are kind of losing focus on what this is really about . 
  eastern europe *, 
  a russian invasion of the nordics would not include nuclear warheads . 
  only if the nordics invaded russia would they consider using warheads . 
   from what i saw in 9 months , women perform about as well as men . 
  first of all individual observations are so biased they are irrelevant . 
  second , there 's a clear bias in the kind of women who enter military service due to it being voluntary for them . 
  they will be much more motivated and in better physical shape than your average woman . 
  sure . 
  i just meant that there are blacks in finland who are culturally completely the same as his/her white peers . 
  culture sure , but what does it have to do with being white ? 
  because your parents slaved away for you to be born in a healthy and stable country . 
  so how are you going to defend yourself against outside threats in an organized manner ? 
  i pledge my loyalty to genghis khan . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-10-21/the-tax-haven-thats-saving-google-billions my transfer pricing colleagues tell me that while this method is n't available for new users , prior users can keep doing it for at least a few more years . 
  this bloomberg article explains he scheme extremely well, 
  here 's an article for coke ; http://www.wsj.com/articles/coca-cola-could-face-3-3-billion-tax-liability-over-foreign-license-accounting-1442591946,
