  i wish it was like this , but the fact is there 's actual rush hour traffic in helsinki region , and it sucks . 
  not as much as in some other countries , but it still sucks . 
  how ? 
  in finland you 're doing very low level government/other public institution jobs . 
  there 's nothing interesting about them unless you 've literally never held a job in your life , and they 're certainly not going to give you a lot of valuable experience . 
  sure , and it 's quite possible that they 're being intentionally ignorant how tax laws are set up ( and why there 's a good reason for a lot of it ) . 
  it 's not the guardian . 
  it 's virtually ever newspaper in europe and us with the exception of obviously heavily right leaning ones ( it does n't fit their ideology ) and business/finance papers like financial times ( because they know what they 're talking about ) . 
  i 'm getting so fucking tired of people not realizing you pay taxes on * taxable profits * , not revenue , not subscribers or anything else . 
  if you do n't know the terms nol , deferred tax liability , deferred tax asset etc are , you really should not be whining about `` mux tax fraud '' . 
  the article so is absolutely dishonest and did not even make an attempt to show * how * netflix supposedly was avoiding uk taxation . 
  they could 've tried to look in the annual report ( which is public ) if there was some shoddy internal transfer pricing going on , which seems unlikely because netflix is a service provider , not a vertically intergrated producer of physical goods . 
  but that 's not going to happen because the guardian does n't have people who know shit about accounting , finance or business . 
  but what is the point of all this ? 
  the intelligent people would go and do much more productive stuff on their own ( study/work in their field ) . 
  you realize why we have market economy instead of dictating roles for people like 1940s soviet , right ? 
  what the fuck man . 
  the people who 'd sign up for that would be on the less intelligent spectrum of the population ( and certainly have shittier education due to being 2 years behind ) - and they 'd be the only ones able to vote ? 
  talk about a race to the bottom . 
  kids are n't just some free resource to be tapped god damnit , all time you force them to do menial tasks like that , they could be getting education . 
  they will come out on the job market one year later ( assuming 1 year community service ) , which means that there 's they will have one year less of really productive working life ( much more productive than picking up trash ) . 
  additionally that productive year is taken from the very beginning of their careers , not the end , making it even worse due to the knock-on-effect of having to learn the same things as international peers one year older ( less able to adopt new info ) . 
   and yet the point of the finish army is just to delay until foriegn help comes . 
  that 's sweden . 
  the point of the finnish army is just to make it as expensive for the invading force as possible . 
  either way , if for some reason i 'd be forced to fight for eu due to my reservist status , i 'd desert . 
  i do n't think they could legally do that though . 
  not to mention if finland ever agreed to anything like this , it 'd be a small professional standing army . 
  conscription would be scrapped . 
  i see your point , but maybe military integration is not the correct first step in breaking that circle ? 
   national and societal cohesion military training where you spend time constantly with your mates and the military accomplishes some common smalltalk about the crazy , stupid or funny shit people went through among those who went . 
  i do n't think that does a lot for `` national and social cohesion ) . 
  some random voluntary work is probably going to be viewed in a * much more * negative light by those forced to participate , so it wont even really have the above going for it . 
  i 'd that 's a bullshit goal that wo n't even be achieved . 
  just go to work like normal - or study . 
   where kids have to do some sort of civil or volunteer job outside of their home state for a year . 
  complete waste of time . 
  there 's no reason for it , unlike military work which can only be provided by the government . 
  i think you fail to realize just how expensive it is to have a person use up a whole year on something like this instead of studying or working in their particular specialization . 
  in finland conscription training is actually quite valuable , though nowhere near as valuable as getting into uni one year earlier . 
  well i could 've chosen civil service , gone to jail or tried to weasel myself out by getting rejected due to medical reasons . 
  i do n't have an inherent issue with our mandatory conscription , except that it 's sexist as hell because it only applies to men . 
  the situation is wildly different than in the us . 
  i do n't think israel is interested . 
  as an eu citizen who has witnessed the ineptitude of eu - yeah no thanks . 
  as a reservist due to mandatory conscription - yeah definitely not what i signed up for . 
  we wuz kingz n shit, 
  you 're mistaking finland 's putin hate for hating russia . 
  yeah , if you actually look at the statistics , things are not that bad . 
  in fact , this kind of rhetoric could be found even before the financial crisis and such , it 's like the fucking `` darkness '' and `` bad times '' are supposed to be perpetual . 
   will usually move away from the parents at the age of 18 despite that . 
  nope , most people move after military which tends to end at 19-20 years old . 
  it 's also not too uncommon to move out even later because it might take a year or two after starting uni to get student housing ( which is affordable and quite good ) . 
  according to the finnish statistics central the median age of moving away was 21 years old in 2005 . 
  it 's probably a bit younger by now , though the economic situation might 've reversed the trend . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.stat.fi/artikkelit/2009/art_2009-03-16_004.html?s=0 ), 
  to me the words have becpme interchangeable, 
  it 's absolutely disgusting how much money some private firms are making on the refugees . 
  there 's zero bidding on these services . 
  it could be that 32 % support putin and 68 % have a negative view , giving a rating of -36 % . 
  lots of people with russian heritage and sympathies in ukraine . 
  ** the net rating is positive minus negative , while `` do n't knows '' are discarded ** . 
  that 's why you see so many ~ 0 % ratings for relatively unknown leaders because people say they do n't know . 
  so it could be -83 % negative and 17 % unsure . 
  83 % negative and 17 % positive would give a net rating of -66 % . 
  so you 're saying we can strip the rights ( or at least some rights ) of the groups i mentioned above because what they 're doing do not fit your definition of the * common good * ? 
  so people with the `` wrong thoughts '' on the correct economic policies should risk losing their rights ? 
  what about the muslim minority , which in western europe consists of over 50 % antisemites/homophobes and two thirds are fundamentalists according to studies by highly respected institutions ? 
  what about unions that support the good of their members at the expense of the common good ? 
  * common good * is a really tricky thing . 
   should someone be able to say that men or women are an abomination ? 
  why should n't you ? 
  but what if its in the common good to oppress the minority ? 
  what if we confiscated the property of some rich person because the poor have more use for it ? 
  what if we imprison opposition politicians because their speech is causing the country to divide ? 
  you ca n't sacrifice the rights of the individual by just saying `` it 's for the common good '' , or the rights lose their meaning . 
  it 's for this specific reasons why protecting the rights of the individuals is the goal , as what does society consist of if not many individuals ? 
  rights of the individual be damned , as long as it promotes the greater good ? 
  that line of thought could just as well have been used against the gays 20-40 years ago , because the vast majority were offended by them and because they are a small minority . 
  this . 
  tourists keep out . 
  because london . 
  it would be the centre of the whole union yet it does n't represent the nordics * at all * . 
  the whole way the government is ran is totally different , the government philosophy is distinctly anglo-saxon vs. scandinavian . 
  it 's of an entirely different legal family ( common law vs scandinavian ) . 
  it 's kind of a shitty angle but tampere is actually quite alright . 
  not as good as turku/helsinki though . 
  they are worried about the risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria in agri jumping over to humans . 
  jesus fuck , op really botched this one . 
  so they should instead use roaming data which can be like $ 0.20 / mb ? 
  what the heck are `` kurds and allies '' doing in aleppo ? 
  it has lost its meaning . 
  children 10 year from now will wonder what kind of terrible tweet this mussolini guy posted to get known as an infamous fascist . 
  that 's still a ridiculous number . 
  it can work just fine to have 15 % of your population with an immigration background . 
  but not if you introduce 15 % of your population as completely new immigrants from really troubled areas with really troubling cultures , over a really short time . 
  i do n't think this is healthy even if you want multiculturalism , it needs to be gradually built . 
  yeah and we do n't expect kids to have a reasonable independent opinion ( or be able to motivate it in any reasonable way ) anyhow , that 's why they 're not allowed to vote for example . 
   children  voice of the people what ? 
  you do realize why kids are n't allowed to vote , right ?
