  i know tatars with blonde hair even . 
  but then again they 've been here over a 100 year as an extremely small minority . 
  it 's not really a solution this time around . 
  look at long term statistics of middle-eastern/african migrants . 
  the somali that came to finland in the early 90 's have n't progressed a bit . 
  of course not , but it 's a sign that they 're able to keep the two separate . 
  but if you 're shouting on social media it not only shows that your opinion is so strong that it will decisively affect your work , but it also undermines the institution you work for . 
  of course he did , and it still calls in to question the neutrality of his reporting . 
  you think the auditor of both coke and pepsi is allowed to trash either of the companies ( not products ) on his personal twitter ? 
  of course not , it would be a huge conflict of interest issue . 
  the same goes for judges or any other profession where at least some semblance of neutrality is needed - even if you 're not actually neutral on the issue . 
  userbase was too leftwing or rightwing ? 
  as someone who lives in both finland and sweden i can definitely say that relatively measured sweden is much worse with this than finland . 
  so while the perceived suppression might be inflated due to bias , the ranking of the two countries is probably not . 
  but even in finland have a small group of extremely active and vindictive leftists who try to terrorise and ruin the lives of people who dissent . 
  ( just like on the right there a small group of people who harassed refugee volunteers , though some of them were smuggling in refugees illegally from sweden but i digress ) . 
   i would n't say `` suppressed '' necessarily , but depending on what people you talk with it 's either one extreme or the other . 
  i have hardly mmet anyone who 's not either 200 % pro refugee or 200 % against . 
  your post pretty much shows the point of suppression . 
  anyone who gives a non 200 % pro refugee opinion gets lumped with the 200 % against . 
  thus they are afraid to speak about the subject . 
  thus you only meet 200 % for or against people , everyone else is silent on the issue . 
  sure but you 're not a correspondent for state media . 
  also not unexpected from journalists . . 
  they tend to almost all be on the left ( social democrats , socialists or greens mostly ) . 
  in the middle-east , definitely . 
  if any place on earth has a male privilege , it 's there . 
   seriously how many thousand years we have to be here to be accepted as european ? 
  i 've heard the figure 3 thrown around . 
  exactly 3 . 
  it 's not justified but it 's a predictable outcome . 
  similarly if you enact policies that increase poverty in a certain area , you can predict that a certain % will turn to crime , or if you cut mental health budget you will see more violence . 
  does n't mean it 's justified . 
  that 's completely different from this . 
  organized attack motivated by racial/religious hatred is more serious than some gang scuffle in my opinion . 
  now of course some people are expecting there to be attacks on the jewish community , so i guess you 're somewhat right . 
  well mostly because it would be kind of unexpected . 
  the stuff op talks about is something everyone could see miles away as a risk . 
  good thing they stopped it . 
  see my post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pvo3e/france_traffic_accident_leaves_42_dead/cwa2fus ) . 
  one full 15 ton delivery truck that looks roughly [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1prxfl8.jpg ) , causes roughly 10,000 x the damage of a normal 1.5 ton car . 
  road repairs are generally paid for by taxes on gas and cars . 
  usually large trucks have to pay a higher tax . 
  however i 've seen a study about finland where they concluded that even with the higher taxes , large trucks pay nowhere near enough for the damage they cause . 
  they get away with it because most people do n't realize that the road wear caused trucks is thousands of times greater than of a normal personal car . 
  [ for most surfaces , the road wear can be estimated as : road wear = \u03a3 ( weight on axle ^ 4 ) . 
  ] ( http://www.pavementinteractive.org/article/equivalent-single-axle-load/ ) a normal car has about 750kg on each axle . 
  a 2 axle truck has about 5,000 kg in front and 10,000 kg in back . 
  uneven distribution makes the road wear worse . 
  doing some quick math ( 5000 ^ 4 +10000 ^ 4 ) / ( 750 ^ 4 +750 ^ 4 ) = 16790 . 
  so the road wear of the hypothetical truck is 16790 times worse than that of a normal car . 
  of course some other factors also play into this , such as the surface of the tire , the size of the tire and tire pressure , so the real figures are closer the 10,000 x worse . 
  trains generally are not very economically efficient in pratice , despite having all sorts mechanical efficiency advantages on paper . 
  maintainance , infrastructure , inflexibility , government involvement and activist unions often make it a poor alternative in many countries . . 
  the bus was full of elderly people, 
  hr has changed continuously over the last decades ( some may say it has gone too far ) , and this definitely has had different impacts on the starts of careers of women in the last few years and 10-20 years ago . 
  also , there has been an increasing number of initiatives to support women in certain fields such as finance or stem , where they are perceived to be underrepresented ( whether by choice or not ) . 
  this too has helped them in getting a better start than women 10-20 years ago . 
  whether it was actually discrimination or not back then , the prospects of young women entering the market are better now than back then . 
  you do realize this effect will follow these young women once they mature into their 30 's ? 
  older women did n't have the same advantages as women who enter the labor force today . 
  you do realize it 's because of new women entering labor force having greater advantages than their male peers , and as these women mature into their 30 's , the effect will follow . 
  the notion that `` nothing could 've been done to prevent this '' is nonsense . 
  sure , there would have been more immigrants than normal this year , but without the encouragement and the positive incentives it would 've been smaller . 
  with negative incentives and a functional border control it would 've been smaller yet . 
  it 's obviously political , but it 's not calculated ( or even scary ) in the same way as organized extreme right wing groups . 
  this is n't a popularity contest between the far-right extremists and the immigrants . 
  `` negative points '' for the far-right does n't imply `` positive points '' for the other side . 
  sounds more like he was mentally disabled than doing any calculated moves . 
  the propaganda is so powerful because it 's not all bullshit . 
  the inclusion of half truths , truths and pure fiction makes for a really convincing package if you do n't know better . 
  and in a lot of cases , the reliable information out there is rather limited . 
  all i can say is that i 'm impressed . 
  it 's not offense . 
  it 's about changing the words of a quote ( either inadvertently or on purpose ) , ever so slightly , to give the reader a different feel about what happened . 
  for example `` over 500 '' gives a reader , that actually has no idea whether 500 is a lot or little , the impression that it 's a lot . 
  contrast that to `` fewer than 600 '' which gives the opposite feel . 
  13 % u-6 unemployment is n't really that bad . 
  sounds like your department could use some cost cutting . 
  if you have so much time over , why ca n't you get the same work done with a few people less in your team ? 
   a very big online retailer ( not amazon ) here has their shipping center and their fucking trucks are destroying the road . 
  generally road maintenance is financed through taxes on vehicles and fuel , not income taxes/corporate taxes . 
  not to mention corporate taxes are paid on profits , not revenue or size . 
  unless your company is wildly profitable , you do not pay a lot in corporate taxes . 
  most educated people are n't $ 100k/year engineers but somewhere between that and those who completed elementary education . 
  highly educated in this context refers to essentially anyone with a bachelor 's degree from a university , and most of them are not going to be $ 100k engineers , but still people who bring value . 
  well to be honest i derived it from the swedish immigrant statistic ( linked in the thread ) that showed that iraqi immigrants in sweden have 2x higher percentage of highly educated persons than syrians in sweden . 
  seeing how the tables are turned in the un index , i thought there had to be some sort of bias caused by people 's choice of immigration host country/choice of leaving at all . 
  unskilled labor with no language skills is n't really employable in the modern information economy . 
  if both sources are correct , either those fleeing are predominantly lower education or then for some reason only the lower education folks go to norway . 
  how is there a 44 % missing info on polish men but 13 % on syrian ? 
  it 's worth noting that this is just want people say about themselves , not how they behave . 
  a lot of the understanding for muslim immigrants is n't real . 
  if a white person is a buddhist it 's an instant red flag that the person is some sort of spiritual hippie and not a cold calculating capitalist like us normal folks . 
   also in predominantly muslim countries socialism was and often still is the only real secularist alternative . 
  what a fucking nightmare, 
  it has nothing to do with that . 
  it has to do with her making a small kid cry on tv for saying the kid will get deported . 
  given that 80 % are iraqi , it 's unlikely that even half of those coming are actual refugees . 
  because once you get the self-feeding loop going about being tolerant , it 's hard to stop .
