  the idea of an independent finland was born only during russian rule in the late 19th century . 
  \u00c5land is more scandinavian than the northern parts of norway/sweden ever will be . 
  anglosphere is a really poor example because their dissimilarities are much greater than between all of the nordic countries ' . 
  yes and a significant portion of finns are part of all of that . 
  sweden pretty much created finland . 
  police can definitely detain you if you 're drunk driving . 
  just like they can tow a diplomat car if it 's parked in a dangerous place . 
  you just ca n't charge them with anything , it 's generally up to the diplomat 's home country to reprimand him . 
  the flow of people can be reduced to manageable levels by shipping people back to the middle east or wherever they came from . 
  just look at what australia is doing . 
  if you find a ship right outside of libya that is sinking , you obviously rescue those people but you put them right back on libyan soil , and do n't bring them to italy . 
  illegal entry to a country is a crime and should be treated as such . 
  the people in calais especially are all economic migrants . 
  they might 've been war refugees at the outset , but the second they got into a peaceful country but still wanted to to move on , that excuse flew out the window . 
  even they had to add the caveat in the second paragraph . 
  fact is that the only real difference is the lack of monarchy and the use of finnish alongside a scandinavian language . 
  though even here we see a convergence , as our president is becoming more and more a powerless figurehead who calls into radio shows and discusses flowers instead of making decisions . 
  finnish law for example belongs to the family of scandinavian law , a huge indicator of cultural proximity . 
  well that was historically inaccurate . 
  no one speaks swedish in the east , and they tend to have a more negative attitude towards it . 
  different culinary traditions . 
  i do n't know enough about the east to really answer it as well as i would like to . 
  according to whom ? 
  the term is very ambiguous and is often used to include finland . 
  you can look to wikipedia but there are no citations , and when there are , finland is argued to be `` often included '' in the concept . 
  i know a lot of finns resist being included in the concept , and it makes sense because they might not feel like they are part of scandinavian culture . 
  but in many areas of finland the culture is almost indistinguishable from other scandinavian culture . 
  not enough viking rape-babies in england . 
  finland is pretty scandinavian culturally , except for the eastern parts , and geographically part of the mountain chain in the north . 
  is n't that because according to the legend the danish flag randomly fell from the sky during a battle near tallinn ? 
  so you incorporated their legend into your coat of arms ? 
  no , i 'm not going to refrain from doing that . 
  if you think i 'm wrong about the disparity of the two cultures at the time of the australian `` discovery '' , feel free to talk about why i 'm wrong . 
  `` you 're stupid and you do n't even know about canberra '' is n't a really convincing argument . 
  nato has n't been much involved in the middle-east except for afghanistan war and no-fly zone in libya . 
  not to mention finland is n't part of nato anyway . 
  ok , so it 's kind of like fantasy football but with geopolitics ? 
  personally i do n't recognize brittany . 
  but why does it say `` federal europe '' ? 
  you 're saying if you were a good looking ( but nonthreatening ) girl/guy and you asked someone at the parking lot if they might help you get a few kilometers in some direction due to this or that , that no one would ever help you ? 
  it 's even easier if you talk with them about something else beforehand . 
  also do n't act like an autistic sperglord . 
  you do n't allow discussion , that 's the issue . 
  it would n't be unreasonable to argue that the aboriginal culture was inferior to the british culture when australia was first `` discovered '' . 
  it would also not be unreasonable to claim that certain islamic cultures ( wahabism ) are worse than more moderate islamic cultures . 
  now these claims might lack some facts and arguments that might turn the tables around -- i might not actually know everything that 's needed to make those calls -- but when you just delete one side of the discussion , we 'll never find out . 
  you guys are seriously trying to create a community where the range of acceptable opinions are extremely narrow , but with lively discussion within that range to create some sort of illusion of freedom of opinion . 
  it 's pretty sad to see such social engineering . 
  stop using `` we '' when only a few european nations were involved . 
  it was mostly the us and they sure as hell are n't letting these people in . 
  we do n't owe them shit . 
  what 's up with that flag ? 
  federal europe ? 
  you 'd be surprised how well it works in europe if you look normal . 
  people just never ask . 
  no one 's going to stop if you try it by just waving your hand next to the road though , you need to intercept someone at a parking lot . 
  vengeance against random members of the immigrant community is deserved because one of them murdered people with a knife ? 
  it 's missing [ this gordon ramsay ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y5kffm1.jpg ) lookalike accident article though . 
  far more numerous are those who think they 're the next steve jobs even though they 're unemployed or just doing normal tech work for a normal 50-150k salary . 
  that 's not what op was talking about . 
  op is about climate change exacerbating the migration . 
  political pandering to ignorant voters i guess . 
  christians in africa/middle-east have nearly as extreme values as most muslim fundamentalists . 
  the only `` positive '' with them is that they would be unlikely to contribute to the ghettoization problem as they are so few and do n't get along too well with the muslims from the same areas . 
  immigration is not a crime . 
  entering a country without permission is . 
  watch what happens if i try climb the fence near a russian border crossing . 
  heck , i might even get in trouble i try to sail to estonia without properly identifying myself with the estonian coast guard even though we 're eu . 
   see , both of our sentences are true . 
  so how about we drop the useless rhetoric ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  not to mention there 's a huge difference between `` stopping the flow '' completely and making it smaller . 
  the locals have the right to defend their property and remove trespassers . 
  and by that i mean removing trespassers who squat in warehouses and so on , not beat the immigrants with a stick until they try to swim back . 
  i do n't see how preventing predictable `` vigilante revenge '' is crazy ? 
  greece is in a political crisis and they definitely do n't have normal capacity to allocate funds on short notice to stuff like this . 
  not to mention greece has no moral obligation nor do local politicians have the political capital to accomodate criminals who are trespassing . 
  the local authorities are understandably focusing on the safety of their citizens first . 
  probably because it 's only 150 ? 
  i do n't think it 's very newsworthy outside of poland . 
  that 's now how percentages work , decimal form and percentage form is not the same : it 's 0.0006 or 0.06 % . 
  and 185 000 out of the total eu population of 508 million is actually 0.00038 or 0.038 %, 
  like most asylum seekers they 're economic migrants . 
  i do n't think thelocal.se is very credible ? 
  just like the main swedish newspapers always try to downplay the immigration issue , that site tends to overplay it . 
  the silicone valley holier than thou mentality is the most fucking irritating one there is . 
  the non-secularized ones are a majority , evidenced by the polls that show 70 % + of muslims felt deeply personally insulted by mohammed cartoons . 
  that the views change over time is kind of a moot point because we will still have a whole generation of them . 
   world superpower in humanity . 
   opened our hearts how about your own thoughts on the matter , not direct catchphrases from politicians ? 
  the immigrants undermine european values with their attitudes towards sexual minorities , women and ethnic minorities such as the jews . 
  they are not , and never have been compatible with our values . 
  there are centuries of evidence for this . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  also the plan in op is completely hypothetical and no one is planning on implementing it across eu . 
  you ca n't just move to other eu countries for extended periods . 
  you need to show proof that you can support yourself ( and any dependents ) by either having a job or enough money . 
  shipping a shitload of immigrants into a ghetto in malm\u00f6 and failing to integrate them is n't really humane for either the immigrants or locals . 
  if you 're a kennedy , it might as well be . 
  those numbers are not for how expensive it is to live in .
