  being critical of immigration does n't mean one thinks about the `` european people dying '' or `` white race disappearing '' . 
  it 's not about race , it 's about culture . 
  and not so much about preserving a culture , as it is about deflecting toxic ones . 
  not to mention to economic consequences . 
  if people do n't want this kind of stuff on the front page they should downvote it , whatever their reason . 
  much better than mods deleting threads to push their agenda . 
  the finnish public broadcasting service ( yle ) is slightly left leaning . 
  the tv news is quite neutral , but the online news are clearly favoring the left . 
  most top executives have affiliations with the social democratic party which is centre-left . 
  their news stories used to be pretty good but now they 've started to occasionally include these blatant click-bait articles about completely stupid stuff , like a front page test on whether i 'm a morning or evening person , which turn me off completely . 
  how about the fact that the current coalition government essentially made sd * the only opposition party * ? 
  not really surprising that any dissatisfaction anywhere about anything is going to be to the advantage of sd . 
  downvote and move on then . 
  it 's not like all articles are about immigration and it 's not like you have to participate in them . 
  not really comparable to be honest . 
  it does n't even account for where they are migrating . 
  getting into the us illegally is probably harder than getting into some eu country too . 
  i was n't really serious , but for it to be treason finland would need to be somehow involved in the conflict in ukraine . 
  finland might have grounds to revoke his citizenship though or charge him with certain other offenses for getting involved at such a high level in this conflict -- as this might actually cause finland to become indirectly involved . 
   not even north korea , where the family of defectors is forced into truly gruesome concentration camps for 3 generations , can stop people from leaving . 
  in the end , if there is a will , nothing is going to stop people . 
  are you seriously suggesting that because a handful of people manage to escape each year , that the north korean measures to prevent escape are useless ? 
  stop dealing in absolutes . 
  one person getting through does n't mean the system did n't work . 
  i just want to make it harder . 
  your last paragraph is nonsense . 
   this got me thinking , why are n't the men fighting ? 
  i think that was the whole question here . 
  reading between the lines , people were calling these men pussies for running instead of fighting . 
  i kind of agree with your second paragraph as a solution , but i your first paragraph does n't make much sense . 
  just because the berlin wall allowed some people to come through , does n't mean it was n't effective . 
  making it harder or less lucrative to enter is going to deter people from trying to migrate . 
  and those that do try to migrate , have a smaller chance of success , and if they succeed , will pose a smaller economic burden . 
  they 're not mirages , but they would come in even larger numbers if more of them had the means to do so . 
  also many of the original somali immigrants that arrived in the 80-90 's got international support , they did n't all travel illegally with the help of expensive smugglers . 
  wwii refugees were predominantly women , children and elderly . 
  does n't seem to work so well . 
  70 % of all asylum applicants are male . 
  in the 14-37 year old range nearly 80 % are male . 
  eurostat source for 2014 : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:share_of_male_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applicants_in_the_eu-28 , _ by_age_group_and_status_of_minors , _ 2014 _ ( % 25 ) _ yb15_iii . png when you include pure illegal immigrants who do n't even apply for asylum , the number is likely higher as most of these are economic migrants . 
  families fleeing war are probably going to try and apply for asylum instead . 
  that music was so obviously chosen to make putin look clumsy/look like a fool :p, 
  let 's make on thing clear here : no one is saying that we should cut foreign aid and starve these countries for the sole purpose of making them too weak to migrate . 
  however the effect which i described is real , and a consequence we need to be prepared for . 
   the problem is the people are coming anyway . 
  this is a complete red herring . 
  by being tougher on immigration some people will come anyway , but not in these unsustainable amounts . 
  the poorer those countries are , the harder it is for them to actually get the funds necessary to make the trip . 
  this is probably not why they 're cutting that aid , but it will `` help '' as an unintended consequence . 
  he should be charged with treason . 
   you ca n't take pictures of people without their explicit consent in germany anyway . 
  talk about an unenforceable law . 
  did some journalist/business take a photo of your or did you somehow force a private person from deleting a photo with you in it or what ? 
  how did you even know you were in that photo ? 
  you ca n't expect privacy when you 're in public space . 
  no that 's different , as it 's about privacy and not intellectual property . 
  it 's still completely impractical to legislate something like that . 
  yeah well it 's not like turkey is n't already filled to the brim . 
  by that logic taking a photo of me infringes on my copyright ( my hairstyle , my makeup , my clothing etc ) ... 
  soon plumbing contracts are gon na have some clause hidden in them that the work also constitutes art and taking pictures and shaming my crappy plumbing work on social media is a violation of my copyright . 
  money . 
  as said , the calais situation is more about uk vs france . 
  greece is about `` we got a shit ton of people stuck on one island '' . 
  then there 's the overall policy debate for europe as a whole , as well as what `` rules of engagement '' to apply on the mediterranean seas etc. 
  right , but the impact is different in different countries . 
  the calais situation is different from the situation in mediterranean countries for example . 
  illegal immigration in some countries is the biggest domestic issue right now . 
  there are at least four articles on immigration in r/worldnews frontpage too . 
  self-defense is within the rule of law . 
  self-defense also generally applies to property although the limit to excessive force is much lower . 
  that said , getting robbed in your home is for many an extremely traumatic experience , potentially with a similar impact as certain kinds sexual assault . 
  basically you ca n't feel safe anywhere anymore , you feel violated . 
  seems like google has blocked the use of street view in that area even though it shows up as if the street was mapped . 
  they stopped being political/war refugees the moment they stepped into a foreign nation where they were n't persecuted/under war - e.g. 
  turkey . 
  anything they do after that is just about trying to get to a country with better benefits/opportunities than the one they 're in right now , i.e. 
  economic migration . 
  make a deal with libya to take them if they 're caught right outside their shores . 
  australia has deals with some oceanic countries ( e.g. 
  given that they 're caught right outside their shores , they most likely originated from there . 
  how are their rights being violated ? 
  they keep trying to break the law instead of complying with the law and going back/getting deported . 
  if they did the latter they would n't have to worry about hunger/water/sanitation etc. 
  one ca n't expect to have basic necessities delivered to them while in the process of committing a crime . 
   academic community yes because this is a topic the `` academic community '' ever gets involved in . 
  yeah keep telling yourself that, 
  so finland has the culture , language and ethnicity of scandinavia , but is n't scandinavian , is that what you 're saying ? 
  `` finland '' was mostly a wilderness with a few towns and very few people but no actual nation until sweden conquered the area over the course of some crusades . 
  finland was just a remote part of sweden until it become more economically and strategically significant later on . 
  the exact divisions of what was finland and what was sweden originate from the various peace treaties sweden signed with russia . 
  scandinavia was just a term used back in the 18th century and onwards for denmark , norway and sweden ( which finland was still a part of ) . 
  when russia finally beat sweden in the 1808-1809 war , a huge chunk of sweden was ceded to russia . 
  this chunk was basically finland . 
  it was given autonomy , however , and from this sprung the idea of an eventual independence instead of a strive for reunification with sweden . 
  well it kind of does . 
  especially when the term is more and more used to mean all nordic countries . 
  that 's how concepts evolve . 
  finland was pretty much created by sweden . 
  swedish is an official finnish language and is present everywhere here . 
  finnish law is part of the unique scandinavian law family , meaning the values of finns are essentially the same as that of all other scandinavians .
