  people would be mad as fuck here if someone shot down a russian plane for just briefly entering our airspace . 
  especially if it resulted in deaths . 
  you can just give them the placebo then , saves them from the pyramid scheme, 
  that said , where 's the benefit with religions ? 
  they 're like a mix of a pyramid scheme and placebo . 
  of course russia is doing it for it 's own benefit . 
  russia is not the good guy , but it 's doing good by bombing terrorists and other groups allied with that islamofascist erdogan . 
  you 're saying the rebels are n't islamist terrorists ? 
  they just fucking shot two guys in parachutes ( or at least so they claim ) . 
  great guys , i 'm sure . 
  eh , if i was forced to take shit like that in my uni i would complain too . 
  not by wearing signs , but by not attending . 
  thank god i went to a business school and not any of these social marxism shitholes . 
  all sides are bad in this case , it 's just that russia is the only one that is doing something beneficial . 
  we do n't shoot down russian planes just because they enter our airspace for a few seconds . 
  they 're fucking al nusra . 
  turkey seems to be in bed with any terrorist group as long as it hurts the kurds . 
  it 's not just about gathering intel , but about saving fuel/avoiding storms etc , and not asking permission to do so . 
  the plane today clearly attacked ground targets to the east of that turkish area , in a westward direction . 
  they were essentially trying to save fuel by making that quick cut . 
  you do n't need to blow up a plane because of this . 
  no one in turkey was threatened . 
  russia was fighting terrorists , however turkey seems to be backing the terrorists ( and in general be pissed off about russia blowing up terrorists that fight the kurds ) . 
  i do n't know how that is relevant in this discussion ? 
  still , clearly turks are n't careful about violating airspace themselves . 
  i do n't have any clue what the japanese town thing has to do with anything . 
  i 'm pretty sure scientists would also recommend go take higher ground if there 's a fucking tsunami lol . 
  but that 's easy to say ex-post . 
  you need to look at it ex-ante . 
  ex-ante the probability for the earthquake was just as big ( according to best possible estimates ) as any other day . 
  you ca n't look at the situation in hindsight . 
  that 's not how probabilities work . 
  though unfortunately the average person has no clue how the work so they get angry at scientists . 
  why ? 
  people are n't rational , they 'll just wait outside for some weeks until they `` think it 's probably over '' and get home . 
  meanwhile in reality each day was just as likely for an earthquake as the next , and they should either have gone home the first day or left for good if the daily risk is too high . 
  then we can live on the streets forever in fear of earthquakes !, 
  so if no one had any clue , why should n't the people have gone back to their homes ? 
  if every moment is just as likely as the next , surely there 's no gain in waiting a month outside of your home . 
  living in your home is a lot nicer than living outside for nothing . 
  if earthquakes ca n't be predicted at all , then the default message to everyone should always be `` just go home '' or `` never go home '' . 
  because each moment is just as likely as the next , there 's no reason to temporarily abandon your house . 
  with `` no '' they obviously mean `` no higher than usual '' . 
  not that there is 0 % chance of an earthquake happening . 
  unless the risk of an earthquake could actually be predicted to be significantly higher than normal , sending them back the right thing to do . 
  an earthquake was just as likely that day as any other ex-ante . 
  feminists nowadays have completely abandoned the idea of actual debate . 
  the arguments should have been around whether constent/rape awareness actually has a positive effect or whether it 's just a waste of time . 
  but that requires an ounce of intelligence . 
  instead you can just shout him down and call him a racist rapist . 
  these people literally just salivate at the opportunity of pretending to get angry and exercise power over others . 
  floridaman , turkishnationalist and saudiprince, 
  if anyone 's a gypsy in finland , it 's really easy to blend into the native population once you 've renounced the gypsy lifestyle . 
  however other gypsies do n't take kindly to those gypsies who try to pursue a better life outside of their culture . 
  especially women have it hardest . 
  20 % public pension funds 13 % funds of funds 7 % corporate pension funds 4 % sovereign wealth funds 3 % union pension funds = 47 % in general roughly 5-10 % of public pension fund assets are in venture capital or leveraged buyout funds . 
  either way , the point was that pension funds are making bank on vc success . 
  pension funds and university endowments with virtually infinite investment horizons are perfect for private equity investment . 
  [ here 's a 2014 breakdown from bloomberg ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-09-23/are-public-pensions-inflating-a-venture-capital-bubble ) , i ca n't post stuff from databases directly . 
  fund of funds also have lots of pension fund investors so it 's just one more layer of pension funds . 
  sovereign wealth funds are essentially pension funds too . 
  pension funds can invest certain percentages of their capital in more risky assets . 
  vc is a very small slice of the overall capital markets while total pension funds are huge . 
  pension fund investment in other private equity than vc is much larger ( but also a less risky ) . 
  you did n't read what i wrote . 
  pension funds finance the venture capital funds . 
  almost all venture and angel capital is backed by pension funds and similar more passive investor ( they are the so called limited partners who do not participate actively , but get the equity cash flows from the target firms after fees ) . 
  fyi i work in m&a due diligence and meet with private equity firms every week . 
  it 's no secret who provides the capital to their funds . 
  if they went public , then wall street would get money through underwriting fees of ipo . 
  right now the vc fund managers and pension funds are making bank . 
  vc is very distinct from wall street investment banks ( and other wall street firms ) . 
  most investors in vc funds are pension funds and other funds such as charities , endownment funds . 
  i dont see how that translates into real world antisemitism at all . 
  not to mention the bible is n't exactly the most historically accurate work . 
  except some countries seem to stick to their guns no matter what ( i.e. 
  pun not intended, 
  tbh saint-denis ( `` 93 '' ) has always been shit and was one of the `` no-go-zones '' that fox news so infamously identified . 
  im not a christian but isnt that what it reads in the bible lol ? 
  the jews got upset with jesus so they whined to the romans . 
  i dont think thats a meaningful statistic of the relations today . 
  the german public seems quite easily swayed :d, 
  * unless they are in syria and have double citizenship, 
  some types of firms and fields simply are n't very scalable ( e.g. 
  restaurants , law firms , corporate finance houses , start-ups etc ) and this is the optimal size for them at their current stage . 
  other fields have huge economies and scales where the optimal firm size is enormous and there we hope to find enormous companies . 
  thanks to financial markets providing a pooling mechanism for capital , these companies are possible . 
  t. shill for the international financial system, 
  policies have consequences , whether those committing them were morally justified or not . 
  i do n't know anything about the french policy for muslims so i 'm not commenting on that at all . 
  just saying that a failed policy might very well lead to bad stuff like this . 
  is this part of the french constitution ? 
  i mean is there anything `` bigger '' stopping them from changing the law ( \u00e0 la op ) ? 
  disloyalty is a word btw . 
  maybe if poland was conducting the investigation, 
  because some officials said no terrorist will be coming through these channels ? 
  this way they will be `` right '' and wo n't take as large of a hit in the polls . 
  i do n't think they 're hiding it though , nor do i think it 's rational to care too much whether they came with the migrant wave or not . 
  particularly when most of them are guaranteed french . 
  only during war time .
