  but it 's not race that causes it . 
  it 's culture , poverty and similar factors . 
  in other words , skin color does n't make you a criminal . 
  only indirectly as other discriminate against you based on skin color and you are thus more likely to end up in poverty or associating with cultures that are more accepting of you ( that might encourage you to do crime ) . 
  the important part is that it has been changed last in 2012 , and in 2000 before that . 
  the thing is , even if only 50 % of people who look arab are actually muslim in the area you live in , you might be forced to make certain prejudice decisions based on that look -- anything from simply asking whether anyone does n't eat pig meat when ordering food ( you never do it with native finns ) to more dark things like avoiding the person if you 're a jew in certain german neighbourhoods . 
  it sucks for those who are unjust victims of this , but in some cases you just ca n't afford not being careful . 
  this applies to many situations where you need to use prejudice to form a profile on a person , it does n't need to be race , ethnicity or religion related at all . 
  but * hating * people of certain skin color just because they * might * be part of the group your actual hate is for ( e.g. 
  isis ) is just silly . 
  well given their internal conflicts and their disdain for jews , i 'd say many of them are semitic anti-semites . 
  aside from maybe kauppalehti , it definitely does n't . 
  and i 'm not claiming the media is biased extremely far left either . 
  yes you did . 
  i mean i doubt the poles are chiefly concerned about american blacks , though i have a feeling that the guy who wrote it is racist against everyone with different skin color regardless of their culture , origin and social standing . 
  i 'm not saying yle should discriminate journalists based on their political affiliation . 
  i 'm just saying it poses a problem with bias . 
  and you 're right about the origin of this political skewness . 
  business school students for example tend to vote more right wing ( kokoomus ) . 
  in natural sciences and stem schools , the skew varies depending on major . 
  negro refers to blacks in this case and there are many kinds of blacks in europe . 
  and what i 'm trying to say that if you for example have a beef with sub-saharan migrants for whatever reason , it might make practical sense to associate people with black skin color to them . 
  but directly hating on the black skin color , as in this case , is more of a race ideology issue than having a beef with a culture . 
  i do n't think the average muslim cares about the jihad . 
  most muslims just want to live their life . 
  however they care about upholding and maintaining their fucked up islamic laws , rules and traditions , many of which are diametrically opposed to our core values . 
  sorry i meant it 's completely evident that the youtube video is about an anti immigration * protest * . 
  i fucked that post up :d, 
  i do n't know . 
  once in a while i listen to serb patriotic songs with * high * production value on youtube because they 're hilarious , even though there is a dark history behind them . 
  my point is that a `` negro '' , a black person , from the usa is completely different culturally than a black person from sub-saharan africa . 
  to lump them up just based on skin color makes no sense and seems to be more about some sort of race ideology than about being xenophobic or disliking certain cultures . 
  yes it is . 
  but that 's because journalists in general are very left wing . 
  it 's a major problem in a democracy if the media consists of 45 % journalists who vote green while in the normal population this number is 11 % . 
  all right wing parties , including kokoomus and especially keskusta and truefinns are severely underrepresented . 
  i mean the former ceo for yle jumped ship right into the socialdemocrats as a politician after he left his ceo position , meaning he was probably quite biased while working there . 
  in countries like finland the constitution does n't matter as much as in the us , and is changed much more often . 
  you do n't need to be a genius to see that it 's an anti-immigration protest . 
  i find the serb stuff to be mostly tongue in cheek meme posting . 
  imo there 's a huge distinction between discriminating just based on skin color and discriminating based on religion/subculture . 
  of course the former might be a proxy of the latter , but to directly target the skin color makes absolutely no sense to me . 
   it 's usually much easy to gather protesters for positive messages . 
  not really . 
  protests against decisions the government has made are pretty normal in many places . 
  especially if the decisions hurt workers . 
  right but as noted above sweden is just throwing it all in the mix , making the statistics unreliable . 
  the point here is how adding data points like this fucks with its reliability in research , not about some philosophical debate whether it constitutes 2000 crimes or one incomprehensibly massive crime . 
  [ refugees know where to go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emqbtyfq3f8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=24s ), 
  of course . 
  but denmark is just shifting the problem , so on an aggregated level this movement is just becoming more and more expensive ( i 'm not blaming denmark one bit btw ) . 
  nowhere as much as it costs to try and integrate them here . 
  closing a motorway sounds pretty expensive . 
  if you kidnap someone do you record each day you 're held prisoner separately ? 
  of course the punishment ought to be higher the more severe the crime is , but from a data point of view it 's extremely misleading . 
  because it 's sarcasm and parody of the common conspiracy theory that jews are behind everything, 
  yes . 
  were thought to think critically instead of painting everything into black and white boxes of racists vs good guys, 
  yeah . 
  thats not racism . 
  though some of them are retarded opinions, 
  stop the tinfoil . 
  there 's a vanishingly small amount of racism on this board and it 's usually downvoted . 
  saying you do n't want immigrants here is n't racist in itself . 
  syriza is a political party in greece , which recently was in the government . 
  untrue , at least sweden and germany do n't have a high rate of accepting asylum applications . 
  of course it does . 
  they 're no longer seeking places that are safe , they 're moving to get better economic opportunities . 
  in sweden syrian refugees are less than 5 % of all refugees . 
  it 's still a pretty big red flag . 
  especially if he was a former commander . 
  i just hope the security services are on ball with tracking people like this , as they have the potential to rally a lot of people for whatever their cause is . 
  not just for the safety of european locals , but other refugees . 
  there 's a lot of bad blood out there . 
  you said elsewhere that  they seek fortune and who can blame them ? 
  the fact that its illegally just speaks volume that the system doesnt work it 's clear that their choice of sweden and germany over turkey and hungary are economically motivated . 
  also there are a lot of economic migrants as well ( though few get granted asylum ) . 
  i 'm sure there are deserters from all factions . 
  that always happens in war . 
  there are lots of people who were with isis who have since fled . 
  others are just visiting family in europe . 
  i 'm just saying that there might be people here affiliated with isis that are n't necessarily trying to carry out a terrorist attack . 
  they 're still monsters though . 
  hmm i actually confused you as being a reply to another parent comment ( which talked about islam ) . 
  my bad . 
  why ? 
  i personally hope the % of religious people fall in all countries in the long run . 
  firstly , it 's possible that a person is simply misinformed about the facts . 
  taking those facts at face value and then being concerned does n't mean you 're a racist . 
  this happens on all sides of the debate . 
  second , the data about immigrant/refugee employment and crime is pretty damning . 
  especially the rape statistics , and because rape is a crime people get very emotional about ( perhaps irrationally so , compared to other crimes ) , the concern/anger becomes quite large . 
  moving to another eu country for more than 3 months requires you to have a sufficient job or proof that you 're rich enough to provide for yourself and not to have to resort to their welfare system . 
  just because you and i would do the same in their shoes does n't mean we should allow it to happen . 
  helping people in economic difficulties through immigration is a born to lose proposition . 
  there are nearly 3 billion people living on less than $ 2.50 a day , and their numbers are growing by tens of millions per year ( though relative to global population , poverty is shrinking ) . 
  there 's no way for even a significant fraction of these people to integrate here . 
  a million migrants here and a million there makes no difference . 
  what is worse , those who do migrate here currently tend to be of the more wealthier , stronger and educated kind . 
  precisely the kind of people that are most needed in improving the economic conditions in their home countries .
