  and even if they were , we could n't let them in - simply not economically feasible . 
  yeah something like that is what should have been done . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous that there are ngo 's out there doing any of this shit . 
  the eu is really showing its strength on this one . 
  though to be fair , it seems many individual countries are equally confused at national level , which of course makes eu 's task somewhat difficult . 
  stop trying to confuse legal immigration with illegal immigration . 
  legal immigration is generally good , because the filters and conditions have been set so that those who are accepted here are generally an economic benefit to society . 
  illegal immigrants , right now , are mostly uneducated and are generally not employable . 
  they are a drain on our society economically . 
  if we accepted everyone who wanted to come here , their negative economic impact would be devastating . 
  our social welfare systems could not handle hundreds of millions of uneducated migrants . 
  how hard is this to understand ? 
  it 's not even about racism . 
  you do n't have to examine the cultural clashes . 
  it 's an economic impossibility . 
  what we can do , of course , is to continue with the current course where we force illegal immigrants to do the `` mediterranean gauntlet '' , which causes drownings and makes smugglers rich . 
  some twisted sort of darwinism where only the most ruthless get to sneak in illegally . 
  assuming the migrant flows stay as they are , the economic damage would be felt , but society would not collapse . 
  however if the migrant flows increase as they 've been predicted to do , then our economies will be completely fucked even with the current natural barriers in place . 
  so what is * your * solution ? 
  do we let in people until our economy is at the collapsing point and then put a hard stop on illegal immigration ? 
  or what ? 
   so why the huge anti ngo backlash ? 
  i do n't follow, 
   if you rent a boat to take refugees back to africa , you 're intentionally denying them the right to refuge . 
  that 's a basic human right . 
  it 's written in the constitution of eu states . 
  if you 're a ship who notices people who are shipwrecked , you do not have an obligation to drop them off where they wanted to go . 
  their background is irrelevant . 
  you 're right that you ca n't expect the open-borders ngo 's to go to ports where the crew risks getting killed , though . 
   they 're risking their lives in order to deny people the right to refuge . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , there are n't really any refugees coming across the mediterranean anymore . 
  the authorities have said so themselves . 
  i think he 's talking about this : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/17/world/europe/italy-migrants-mafia-edoardo-scordio.html  isola di capo rizzuto , italy -- the government provided millions of euros to care for the migrants who had arrived at the reception center at italy 's toe after traveling across deserts , war zones or choppy seas . 
  but on many days , they were served little more than rancid chicken . 
  some did not eat at all when the food ran out . 
   at the same time , the priest who founded the local branch of the charity managing the center was spending money on expensive hotels and restaurants , splurging on fine wines and stashing thousands of euros in three safes at home , the authorities say . 
  his business partners -- mobsters and their associates -- outfitted their bathtubs with golden taps . 
  some hid thousands of euros in vacuum-sealed plastic bags tucked in their fireplaces . 
   ( tunisia and malta does not , violating their obligations ) . 
  so when a foreign vessel gets hailed by their coast guards , and the vessel informs them that onboard are people rescued from the sea , those two countries ' coast guards refuse entry to the ports ? 
  but if the same ship wanted to dock without having rescued people onboard , they would likely be allowed . 
  is that what you mean ? 
  you go to the border and ask for asylum . 
  these guys are n't planning on letting them sink into the sea , from what i 'm reading . 
  usually the smugglers scuttle the boat when they get right next to a potential rescue vessel . 
  but if you pick them up and just go to an african port to drop them off , you avoid smuggling them back here . 
  afaik coast guard ca n't really do that , but private vessels can . 
  also if you stop the pro open borders ngo 's in their ports , it does n't really contribute to drownings because the smugglers only sink the ship once they see rescue vessels . 
   they come from war-torn and/or poverty stricken countries with nothing more than the clothes on their backs . 
  yeah that 's not what a refugee is . 
  moreover , while their life probably improves if they come here , it 's at our expense . 
  if everyone who wanted to come actually came , we 'd be done for , and those who came here would not even end up better off . 
  it 's just an economic impossibility to let anyone who lives in a poor country come here and enjoy our welfare . 
  i do n't think you should equate people who come here illegally with people who come here through legal channels or people who come here as ( real ) refugees . 
   only the authorities can do it . 
  anyone can do it . 
  if a finnish ship picks up shipwrecked people in the pacific ocean , they do n't have to carry them all the way back to finland ( and usually this ship would n't even get to finland for years ) . 
  now the identitarians ( or w/e they 're called ) are planning on going there , picking up the migrants who have scuttled their ship , but instead of going to eu they go back to libya . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  if they just let the smugglers scuttle the ship and left the people to drown , that 's another issue . 
  picking them up and returning them to closest port ( libya ) seems fine . 
  if we do n't care at all where anyone is from , it means anyone who wants to come to europe can come to europe . 
  do you think this is feasible ? 
  you 're not seeing the forest from the trees . 
  and this is n't even considering other potential issues with these migrants ( education level , cultural background etc ) . 
  except their motives in the mediterranean are extremely dubious - why are they shipping the people they 've rescued off the coast of libya all the way to eu ? 
  pretty crap article to be honest . 
  the only real bans mentioned were related to alcohol sales and marketing , which is common around the world . 
  i have a feeling that there 's some bias here . 
  probably some classification difference between countries or similar . 
   `` hey we need to stop this bad thing , lots of girls are at risk of it ''  lol fuck off you do this much less bad thing in your country ?? 
   erectile dysfunctions , premature ejaculation ( or the reverse ) ... we have plenty for it . 
  pretty sure there 's no proof that any of this is related to the circumcision . 
   there 's still a 3-6 % unexplained wage gap where is ? 
  grouping all forms of genital mutilation up in the same group is counterproductive , because the urgency to fix male circumcision is very low while problems with the types of fgm practiced in somalia etc. 
  are very urgent . 
  oh piss off , circumcision is not even close to the same thing . 
  everyone should be vocal critics of fgm when an opportunity presents itself . 
  and somalia, 
  male genital mutilation is not comparable . 
  male genital mutilation really has very little effect on most people 's lives . 
   the group said at least 13,000 additional girls were at risk of female genital mutilation ( fgm ) , which is banned in germany . 
   weil said that was an increase of 4,000 compared with 2015 . 
   `` it 's due to an increased influx from various countries in which fgm is practiced , especially somalia , eritrea and iraq , '' weil said . 
  this leads me to understand that there is an increased risk of fgm being carried out in germany too , not just increased fgm victims coming to germany from abroad . 
  while i 'm absolutely against all this economic migration , at least there is a huge opportunity to `` hijack '' these muslim girls from the path of islamic oppression they would have been on in their home countries . 
  not acting , and allowing them to be dragged onto the same old oppressive path - while residing in eu - would be a massive failure for the union . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  you create your own reality . 
  i 've known beggars to be kings and kings to be beggars , all because they believed it so . 
  it 's your choice . 
   not all of us are into kids you think a kiddie fiddler would ever use the term `` grow up '' ? 
  so you get called out on your ignorance and i provide you with more appropriate terms and your reaction is to label me a defender of child abusers ? 
  just because your ego got a little bit bruised ? 
  grow up . 
  still not paedophilia, 
  just fyi ; pedophilia refers to being sexually attracted to pre-pubescent looking boys and/or girls . 
  she does n't qualify for that , boys hit puberty before 14 years of age . 
  so being aroused by some 14 year old girl does n't make you a pedo , just keep your hands off .
