  in finland the anarcists did some really stupid rioting and not they have as poor of a reputation as the fascists against which they allegedly protest ( in reality they just harassed normal people ) . 
   would you rather fight with several kilos of metal tied to your arm or a feather light shield that makes you look like spartacus ? 
  the former probably works much better because my flanks are covered by other police . 
  light is of course the only reasonable option if you 're just a couple cops . 
  here 's the eu opinion : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_cje-01-55_en.htm more : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-06-1877_en.htm?locale=en even more ( use google translate ) : http://www.iltalehti.fi/autot/2015022619265714_au.shtml, 
   we also already did it with our car tax . 
  civil service man/rejection-paper man detected, 
  it 's not very unusual for other eu countries to just disregard largely irrelevant , but locally important , laws like this . 
  we also already did it with our car tax . 
  our defense minister also said that if eu adopts the gun ban , finland is not going to respect the law , i.e. 
  they will not propose it in the national parliament . 
  measured in usd or eur ? 
  [ here 's a better one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xs6ytg.jpg ) of the finnish parliament house , that shows its brutal shape properly, 
   the only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is its inefficiency, 
  working with french companies is a surefire way to ruination . 
  alcatel-lucent will probably be the final nail in the coffin for nokia . 
  your fucking link didnt let me use the back button, 
  what the actual fuck . 
  usually people pay hundreds of thousands to have shit like this removed . 
  no offence but those charts are way overcrowded with information , and the color codes are too close to each other in tone . 
  really hard to get anything meaningful from them . 
  the real victims are those brainwashed to follow islam from birth . 
  it 's worth mentioning that the guy committed the crimes in 1988 and has n't killed anyone since . 
  but it 's still ridiculous how they let him on parole given that he always tries to escape . 
  he is right in the sense that the socialist parties that fought for the poor worker 's rights seem to be all but gone . 
  the far left is nowadays busy with feminism , pro-immigration , multiculturalism and evironmental protection . 
  i think it tends to be socially acceptable to vote even for commies in the large cities of europe , however not so much if you 're living in a more rural area . 
  large cities have traditionally had the workers that supported the far left anyway , though today the far left seems to be busy with everything else and forgetting the fight for economic equality/redistribution of wealth . 
  also voting greens outside of helsinki and you get laughed at . 
  ( i will laugh at you anyway ! ), 
  certainly not if we 're the cause, 
  not really our fight . 
  i think people on both sides of the issue is blowing this way out of proportion . 
  no , fn influence will neither `` solve everything '' nor `` ruin everything '' . 
  what are you talking about lol ? 
  if eu supports erdogan , erdogan can get away with a lot more and `` win '' negotiations . 
  this makes him seem more powerful and competent . 
  it is partially yes , in that many eu leaders supported him which made it easier for him to harvest votes in his country . 
  [ `` hesen kastike '' ad by hesburger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md4g6q_q-xy ) ) hesa = rednecks ( b\u00f6ndes ) talk about helsinki hki/stadi = helsinki ylilauta es drinkers need not apply . 
  but neither is arabic , urdu and other middle-eastern languages though , right ? 
   hesess\u00e4 hesburger or what are you referring to ? 
  yes you can , but it 's hard . 
  for example you could be a cleaner , as it requires no real interaction . 
  you could also be an investment banker or some other highly skilled professional . 
  but in general it 's quite hard to get a job without knowing finnish . 
  for example in customer service or sales you ca n't expect the customer you 're trying to woo to change language . 
  similarly in many technical professions you must go through documents written in finnish and clients often might want to communicate in finnish with the firm . 
  in some areas of the country you do n't need finnish but instead swedish for day-to-day customer/client interaction . 
  that 's a long time . 
  it will never become a part of eu as long as erdogan is in charge . 
  yes because we need a certain level of hysteria so we can implement the next set of draconian security theatre legislation . 
  i think it 's pretty weird to call it `` liberal capitalism '' . 
  you 're just drawing an equally arbitrary line . 
  at least his line can be accurately determined . 
  you 're debating abortion completely fucking wrong , and making yourself look like an ass . 
  abortion is simply about the rights of women being more important than the right of the fetus . 
  in addition from a pragmatic point of view it benefits society a lot to terminate unwanted fetuses . 
  assad is the only one who can bring stability to the region , and is a far better option for europe than any islamist regime . 
  so while they 're all `` evil '' , assad is certainly the lesser evil . 
  and erdogan is indirectly supporting isis by bombing the kurds . 
  but `` muh pkk '', 
   the courage to lift a finger against russia  the generation of finns that fought in the winter war are long gone . 
  you do realize that finland had to bow very deeply to the soviet after wwii ? 
  as late as in the 1960 's the soviet had such influence that they could pressure the finnish president to dissolve the newly elected government and call re-election . 
  and this was n't because the finns were soft . 
  it was a miracle that our leadership managed navigate soviets so that we did n't become a part of the east block . 
  you need to pick your battles . 
  it 's only in the late 80 's and after the fall of the soviet that finland has been able to challenge russia . 
  so no , it has nothing to do with newer generations being more soft . 
  nationalism is a bitch when your country is supporting evil in the middle-east ( not saying russia is the good guys ) , but you 're too committed to patriotism to back down - so you just rationalize everything . 
  allegedly enters for less than 20 seconds while sending islamists to * paradise * , and shot down because those islamists are helping erdogan against the kurds/assad . 
  the border thing was just an excuse , erdogan was just pissed that his islamist allies were disrupted . 
  taking a video out of context and assuming all swedish boys are being brainwashed to become blazing queers is almost as hilarious as the video itself . 
  jesus christ what were they thinking, 
  well given that the overwhelming majority says that there is ** only one legitimate interpretation of sharia ** ( p. 44 ) , and they believe it should be the law of the land , it strongly suggest they are devoted to a fundamental version of it . 
  that of course does n't mean the fundamental `` true '' version is identical across the globe , ( given sunni and shia disagreements it is n't ) , but it very much fulfills the hallmarks of fundamentalism . 
  the same problem with fundamentalism is seen among [ european muslims as well ] ( https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread ) ( this is a summary of scientific article mentioned at the bottom ) . 
   you 're really reaching here . 
  how ? 
  christians and jews have generally not been forced to follow sharia , now - or historically . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf; page 18 and 46 . 
  [ image of one of the charts for your convenience ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2dv4t0g.png ) over 50 % of muslims globally say sharia should be official law . 
  if you do n't think that 's a good measure for fundamentalism , keep scrolling in the study and you 'll find that similar extreme opinions are held by the majority . 
  given how the vast majority of muslims are fundamentalists , `` moderate '' is n't really soothing . 
  there are no good guys in the battle , but a secular `` dictatorship '' is really the only thing that works in the region . 
  the opposition groups are just the same old islamist extremism . 
  no better than al qaida . 
  i think it 's relevant . 
  i doubt that small piece of land is ever going to be in the global media spotlight again . 
  might as well get some info on it while we 're at it . 
  al nusra ( for which these turkmen fight ) and isis for one . 
  assad is one of those necessary dictators in this region . 
  sure he can be swapped out , but another strong secular leader must take his place . 
  democracy does n't work in these areas , and i 'm not sure they even want it . 
  what russia is doing in ukraine is wrong , but do n't let that cloud your judgement about this issue . 
  i 'm not a `` pro-russian commentator '' , but was n't this information known since the beginning ? 
  us has confirmed that they heard warnings on open channels ( which russia denies ) , so that 's probably true . 
  but it still has n't been established whether they actually were in turkish airspace . 
  and the point still remains : turkey is supporting the terrorists and shooting down planes that are fighting terrorists . 
  which is n't surprising given what kind of islamofascist state turkey is developing into under erdogan .
