  thus the adult is considered to have manpilated the child into sex . 
  given the systematic nature of these sorts sexual assaults , it definitely is in the public interest to be made aware of the full extent of the phenomenon . 
  basically that it is n't just a bunch of guys using brute physical force to rape women , but that there 's this sort of coercion too - more akin to some guy with some candy and a van . 
  so exactly like statutory rape vs rape, 
  my point was exactly that , those protesting pediga vandalized the cars of pediga supporters . 
  there is zero ambiguity in the headline that the cars belonged to the pediga folks . 
  seems like my attempt at clarification did n't clarify shit lol, 
  i guess pediga demonstrators = people who protest against pediga . 
  usually there 's some pediga march and then the leftists come and throw stuff at them . 
  the police intervene against the leftists . 
  then the leftists accuse the police of supporting nazis . 
  in finland we have less than 10 cases a year . 
  essentially all related to immigrants . 
  but if they can get these vaccines delivered easily without the refugees causing trouble to the medical workers , it 's actually quite good for the planet as a whole . 
  not really . 
  these people are the same anarchist that destroy property during g8 meetings and the like . 
  there 's also the israel hating pro-palestine left . 
  [ though this sentiment is really old and generally does n't really violently target individual jews ] . 
  so there 's shit coming from all angles . 
  russian propaganda tends to be anti-refugee . 
  at least that 's the case here in finland . 
  it 's not conspiracy though , the `` alternative media '' usually has ties to russians . 
  it was particularly influential before the latest rush of refugees , when most people were still pro-refugee . 
  while the russian backed alt-media was consistently misleading , their `` outlandish '' prediction did eventually come through with all the rapes and stuff . 
  now the sentiment is mostly organic . 
  that 's a bit racist mate . 
  most of them have no real ideology , it 's just about an excuse to go out and cause trouble/destroy shit . 
  now of course life in prison is well extreme , but they 're not `` trying to be nice '' . 
  those leftists do n't partake in violence like this . 
   flags are for flag days ( independence day etc. ), 
  or if someone died ( half mast ) . 
  also for sail boats and other maritime vessels . 
   implying there 's no fascists in europe . 
  fucking deluded . 
  of course there are , but the people you see in the demonstrations are generally not fascists . 
  the people who commit the arson attacks are ( though not always , sometimes it 's just edgy teens with zero ideology , like antifa ) . 
   anti-fascists are those who protect communities from these people - almost always peacefully and in defense until antifa is attacked itself . 
  just watch the clip . 
  not to mention you implied earlier that antifa is entitled to attack because fascists are inherently so negative to society . 
  that 's also what generally comes across in interviews with antifas , that they are justified in attacking because the fascist demonstrators stand for harmful ideologies . 
  antifa along with the refugee center burning fascists should just be thrown into a garbage compactor and recycled for fertilizer biomass . 
  makes me sick that i pay taxes to support these shits . 
  yeah yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
  antifa is at least as much of a cancer as the people they protest are . 
  `` fascist '' protests are almost always without any property damage , while antifa goes around destroying cars and shop windows of big * and small * business . 
  `` we attack them because they attack us '' , while the video shows the protesters being peaceful . 
  everyone has a right to organize a demonstration without being targeted for violence . 
  also antifa has nothing to do with `` workers , labor organizations '' . 
  most of them have probably never held a job . 
  just a bunch of edgy late teens/early 20 's losers with nothing worthwhile to do . 
  very similar to neonazis/skinheads . 
  i understand the concept of a * peaceful * counter-demonstration . 
  bringing out even more people than the original demonstration means you grab the media attention and so on . 
  i guess this also grabs the media attention , but no one will want to associate with you . 
  it does n't matter . 
  the nigerian currency is definitely expected to depreciate by the difference of the lending interest rates due to the international fischer effect . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_fisher_effect . 
  nigeria has about 10 % inflation while eu has 0 % . 
  you 're right that lending * to * nigeria would require an extra risk premium . 
  but lending * from * nigeria does n't , except people might be willing to borrow at higher interest rates because the risk of total currency collapse and thus not needing to repay anything . 
  the greece example is just totally irrelevant . 
  i mean , sure if you lent to greece in 2011 you got a huge interest , but no one borrowed euros from greece at those interest rates as you could 've borrowed euros in germany at very low rates . 
   banks in nigeria pay 13 % to lend money from their national bank . 
  meaning you could easily look at 20 % yearly interest . 
  except on average , the currency exchange rate moves in the opposite direction to cancel out the effect of high interest . 
  in other words , the nigerian naira is a priori expected to depreciate against the euro by the difference in the nigerian and euro interest rate . 
  this should make sense to everyone intuitively , because otherwise every european investor should want to change their euros to nigerian nairas , lend at 13 % to the nigerian bank ( huge return ) and then convert back to euros when they 're done . 
  yet we see investors lending euros at 0 % rates to governments instead . 
  learn finance before you talk about it . 
  marginal utility . 
  spending that $ 1 correctly abroad at the right time could help ridiculously more people than it ever could at home or elsewhere . 
  also for selfish reasons , because it helps diplomatic connections with the countries receiving it ( making it more akin to an investment ) . 
  stop the boats, 
  anecdotes are anecdotes, 
  swedes are probably the worst closet racists i 've ever met . 
  in your heart , you know i 'm right . 
  in finland the cops say the current situation is unique because it 's being done in large groups , which has essentially never been the case before . 
  in finland we have almost zero syrians but a ton of iraqi . 
  mostly because syria did n't get the pr memo but the iraqi did . 
  maghreb are mostly non-existent here as well . 
  i 'm curious , how is this victim blaming any more than recommending that tourists do n't expose valuables in public in rio de janeiro ? 
  it 's not a satisfying solution , no , but it 's better than the alternative of no action at all . 
  clearly both cologne and rio seem unable to sort its shit out . 
  it 's still not victim blaming . 
  how is that victim blaming ? 
  the situation is out of their control . 
  they are too incompetent to stop these assaults . 
  if this code of conduct helps prevent assaults/harassment until cologne sorts its shit out , surely it 's a positive thing ? 
  it 's not like women will face legal repercussions for not following it . 
  ** it 's just a recommendation of how to reduce the risk of becoming a victim . 
  well if they ca n't fix the security of the city , a code of conduct is the reasonable thing to do * until they can do something about this mess * . 
  it does n't mean they are blaming the victims , it means the situation is out of their control . 
   rejected asylum claims and there on duldung ` toleration ' . 
  i.e : you have no right to be here , but deporting you is too hard/unpopular . 
  no wonder you do n't respect authorities nor care for the community, 
  i 'd expect the left to be heavily against this because it makes it more feasible for cheaper estonian labor to come here for work . 
  personally i do n't have the numbers to make a judgement . 
  hopefully these guys are new migrants , and not 2nd or 3rd generation . 
  because if it 's 2nd or 3rd generation and there are still problems like this , europe is in for a heck of a ride . 
  europe stronk,
