  for muslim apostates , there are . 
  i dislike both , but muslim ultraconservatism is clearly the bigger threat . 
  social liberals should treat islam as the ultra-conservative political ideology that it is ( similar to how other ultra-conservatives are treated ) - instead of sheltering it . 
  i 'm pretty sure erdogan has a ton of enemies . 
  turkey would likely try to make it look like a defensive war , despite being the aggressor . 
  so here are the links to the fact that being a terrorist member is not illegal : http://www.uusisuomi.fi/kotimaa/147352-ministerio-vahvistaa-terroristijarjestoon-kuulumisesta-tulee-rikos-suomessa it 's in finnish ( use google translate ) , but the key points are that the ministry of justice is planning to criminalize participation in the activities of a terrorist organization so classified by un or eu . 
  currently it is punishable to carry out certain acts , preparing terrorist crimes , leading a terrorist group etc. 
  here is the proposal that was sent in this year regarding the proposed change in the criminal law : http://www.finlex.fi/fi/esitykset/he/2016/20160093 finally here is a recent article about voluntary rehabilitation programs for isis fighters , to get them to study/work : http://www.ksml.fi/kotimaa/sis%c3%a4ministeri%c3%b6n-kansliap%c3%a4%c3%a4llikk%c3%b6-suomen-isis-taistelijat-irti-%c3%a4%c3%a4riajattelusta/799271, 
  it is not . 
  they have a law criminalizing it going through currently , so in 2017 it will be illegal , i will post link when i get to my pc it 's illegal to be a major financer , to lead one and to commit and plan terroristit acts thougj, 
  in finland it 's not even a crime to be an isis member , so of course they get asylum, 
  considering that even isis members are being granted asylum in eu nowadays , all bets are off edit so for the downvoters : so here are the links to the fact that being a terrorist member is not illegal : http://www.uusisuomi.fi/kotimaa/147352-ministerio-vahvistaa-terroristijarjestoon-kuulumisesta-tulee-rikos-suomessa it 's in finnish ( use google translate ) , but the key points are that the ministry of justice is planning to criminalize participation in the activities of a terrorist organization so classified by un or eu . 
  currently it is punishable to carry out certain acts , preparing terrorist crimes , leading a terrorist group [ etc. . . ] . 
  here is the proposal that was sent in this year regarding the change in the criminal law : http://www.finlex.fi/fi/esitykset/he/2016/20160093 finally here is a recent article about voluntary rehabilitation programs for isis fighters , to get them to study/work : http://www.ksml.fi/kotimaa/sis%c3%a4ministeri%c3%b6n-kansliap%c3%a4%c3%a4llikk%c3%b6-suomen-isis-taistelijat-irti-%c3%a4%c3%a4riajattelusta/799271 i 'm sure some other finn can confirm ( as well as confirm the validity of the sites linked ) , if you 're skeptical . 
  well if you think about it like that , sure . 
  but from my understanding there was a real risk that erdogan 's turkey would 've joined the eu some time ago . 
  this coup folded because no military big hitters backed it . 
  if the heads of the military actually wanted a coup everything would be over in an instant . 
  at least turkey will never be in the eu . 
  thank god for that . 
   mfw it 's an ` random internet guy tries to lecture cross border m&a consultant ' - episode enjoy my net contributions , polan, 
  it generally is n't in the interest of a nation to disband it 's state , unless there are lower level governments that can take over some of the vital function . 
  certainly disbanding unfavorable cooperative arrangements with other nations can be in the interest of nations . 
  either way , you 're missing the point . 
  there 's no point having eu just for the sake of eu . 
  if it 's not serving the interest of the people , and is merely a vehicle for some federalist dreamers to achieve their utopia , we should n't go on with it . 
  eu is n't a state , it 's a cooperation body . 
  the interest of the citizens of the nations in the eu should come first . 
  the eu as an organisation ought to be completely expendable , and disbanded if deemed to not be a benefit for the citizens . 
   it 's been one of the objectives of the eu for a long time not officially it has n't . 
  of course power hungry people like schulz and van rompuy was n't to concentrate all european power in their own hands against the wishes of its people , but they 're pretty far off still . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people in eu do n't want that , nor did they vote for that when they joined the eu . 
   the reason is to make european countries into one , including the people . 
  ... what ? 
  so what ? 
  they 're right about `` states should n't ban alternative viewpoints om history '' , but wrong about everything else . 
  i think it 's a bit frightening how fast you guys are all for banning free speech , especially over something that happened over a 100 years ago , about which most people will not give a shit what erdogan thinks . 
  exactly , and one day we may find ourselves in a position , where foreign nations begin to ban your point of view of history . 
  it may not seem so extreme at that point anymore , after all , countries like france had done it before . 
  well that would mean there 's something we all accept as true , except for a small band of `` fringe '' views , because someone managed to propaganda us into those views . 
  to me that sounds like even more of a reason not to let governments ban fringe views , even if they appear totally false . 
  sure , but what does banning holocaust denying achieve ? 
  they 're already anti-semites in this case , you 're just giving government more authoritarian powers without any benefit . 
  it 'll be reminiscent of some bizarre psychedelic scenery, 
  why ? 
  what kind of unhealthy road ? 
  it has been legal to deny those facts in finland , yet i ca n't see how we 've gone down an unhealthy road ? 
  education lets people decide for themselves , generally in the right direction . 
  do n't you see the problem with states deciding what is a fact and what is not , and then banning any opposing views ? 
  what if you happened to live in turkey and turkey banned the recognition of the armenian genocide ? 
  the problem here goes beyond an event that happened a 100 years ago . 
  yes because the state has historically been so great at deciding what is fact and what is not . 
  even now we have the state of turkey saying the exact opposite . 
  rather than being forced to accept the viewpoint of whatever state they happen to reside in , i 'd let people get to decide for themselves based on scholars and arguments . 
  goes for other topics as well . 
   if you do nothing about it , history will be rewritten . 
  when has this happened though ? 
  limiting free speech sounds more dangerous than erdogan foaming at his mouth about the term genocide . 
   yet there are still many holocaust deniers in europe so what ? 
  there are always some with silly or contrarian opinions . 
  it does n't mean we need to ban those . 
  the government is of course welcome to state what its view on various issues . 
  governments banning alternative views on history is much worse than a few people 's false view on history . 
  if historians have decided , then let their arguments stand , yes ? 
  it 's not so much turkish propaganda , but the fact that most europeans are n't taught a lot of caucasus history in school , which is understandable . 
  quite frankly , i think the armenian genocide is too far removed in history and geography for many europeans . 
  they are mostly satirists ( trolls ) or complete fringe lunatics . 
  you do n't need to ban flat earth theories because arguments and evidence on why the world is round is so robust . 
  if the evidence and arguments for the factual accuracy of the armenian genocide are robust enough , surely a ban on denial would not be needed to keep the revisionists as a fringe opinion ? 
  and if the evidence and arguments are not enough , maybe there are still thing to discuss ? 
  on a general level it signals insecurity about your own argument if you have to ban opposing views . 
  a shit ton of non-uk english speakers in the eu . 
  when it comes to eu regulation regarding financial markets , non-english jargon is complete jibberish - it has to be english or no one that actually uses the documents will understand . 
  oh come on . 
  the fighting and vandalizing is bad , but the chants are fine . 
  just come up with better banter . 
  lads are gon na bring the crusade to qatar , or some such . 
  they are not the ones spreading the radicalism in qatar though : /, 
  in germany the one who provides wi-fi is responsible for what it is used for just like the actual user . 
  sorry it was clumsily written by me . 
  my point was that while hand farming might save space , you 'll have to use a lot more fertilizer etc to keep up with the additional crops per m ^ 2 and it 'll likely wear out the soil quicker . 
  yeah , working by hand might allow you to grow more per area for a few years , however 1 ) total amount of nutrients in the soil remain the same 2 ) farming by hand is so inefficient most of us will have to be farmers to produce the amount of food we produce today . 
   because the biggest barriers to feminism in the eu at the moment are islamic ? 
  they are a big barrier , it does n't matter whether they 're the biggest or not . 
  most of western europe women without a migrant background already have reached equal rights . 
  the focus should be on women whose basic freedoms are limited by the threat of culturally and religously motivated violence . 
  if there are other sects that are as toxic as islam ( and related cultures ) , those should be addressed as well . 
  of course if men live under certain circumstances , those causes should also be addressed ( e.g. 
  scientology ) . 
  the euroskepticism might be bad for netherlands , but certainly more anti-islam politics is needed to secure equal rights of all eu women , including muslim . 
  also geert is not unintelligent in the same way trump is . 
  clearly something all of europe should be aware of lol, 
  m files is old as hell , i recall using their shitty software in the early 2000 's . 
  just because a vc fund invested in a company does not make that company a startup, 
   the kkk is a serious threat to this day . 
  no they are not  neo-nazis these guys may be , especially in europe . 
  but kkk is a joke . 
  any idea why these north africans were `` intercepted '' in one way or the other ? 
  why were n't they allowed to go in front of the k\u00f6lner dom ? 
  was it the aggressive attitude or lack of id ?
