  we 're really hurting their ability to get prosperous where they live , which is the only fair and effective solution , through this kind of brain drain . 
  well technically the refugees are supposed to leave once the war is over , but i guess that 's just lip service at this point . 
  in that case , integration is of course preferable . 
  but whatever the case , this sort of stuff encourages further immigration into sweden , which is definitely not economically beneficial for neither their countries of origin nor sweden . 
  the thing is that refugees from other european countries * are * generally much better at assimilating as gauged by crime/employment metrics . 
  where in this thread is the racism ? 
  being critical of immigration or the current `` open arms '' - hysteria does not equal racism . 
  this attitude is actually hurting people in poorer countries in the long run . 
  in real life sweden the silent majority are those who are skeptical ( bot not overly hostile ) towards immigration , because their relatively moderate opinions are immediately turned around as racist opinions . 
  the game of `` who is the most tolerant and progressive '' continues as being more tolerant than your neighbour gives you the ability to subject them to the suspicion of being racist . 
  it also earns you social prestige . 
  it 's why so few admit to voting for sd while they 're nearly topping the polls right now . 
  ron paul is n't a racist ... 
  except ron paul is a sweet sweet old man, 
  just like with islam , there are many interpretations , all of them retarded . 
  i do n't agree with anders breivik but i think his stance will become more popular and eventually he will seriously be seen as sort of a prophet instead of a fucking clown . 
  the 5 % was in 2009 though, 
  sure . 
  plus we should n't ignore other polls that show slightly different sults . 
  not because this one is necessarily wrong , but because we do n't know with certainty which one models the true world best . 
  so average the most recent polls , possibly with higher weights on more recent ones and possibly remove outlier poll results on both sides . 
  here 's it 's also important to note that the muslims in the uk are different from the muslims in france , and they have very different stories of how they ended up there ( except for the recent migrant waves of course , they 're similar ) . 
  do n't worry , my opinion of the far right is equally damning . 
  i would be very skeptical against armchair statisticians accusing any well known professional pollster of bias . 
  in almost all the cases it 's just a bunch of people venting about the results . 
  not to mention metro is a left leaning newspaper . 
  you really need to read into how polls are conducted by professionals . 
  yougov is not some biased right wing pollster , they were hired by the left-leaning metro newspaper ( which can be found in many large cities for free ) . 
  the people to be polled are sampled in a way that corresponds to the population they are examining . 
  professional pollsters are well aware of potential biases . 
  a 2000 sample has a very strong statistical significance in a poll like this , as can be noted by the relatively small margins of error . 
  sd was within the margin of error of at least one other party though , so we can not say with * any reasonable * statistical confidence that sd is the largest party . 
  we can say that they share the largest party place . 
  you make an important point of people jumping to conclusions without knowing the country they 're speaking about . 
   5 % muslims is still a large number though . 
  yeah but germany should stop encouraging illegal immigration as it has a lot of knock-on effects due to weakened borders ( criminal activity of all kinds enjoys these situations ) , drowning immigrants and an undesired bias in what kind of refugees we get . 
  the left does n't have a hard-on for non-muslims . 
  well it 's kind of a shitty strategy to sabotage your own economic growth just to become less of an immigration target . 
  good luck assad !, 
  economic migration is never going to solve poverty at any meaningful level . 
  there are over 3 billion people living on under $ 2.50 a day . 
  this number grows by 80 million every year , births minus deaths . 
  those who tend to do economic migration are the wealthier and more educated from these poor regions , people who are entrepreneurial and take self initiative . 
  these people are most needed in the poor countries -- not in industrialized countries . 
  we can only help them where they are . 
  any other solution will help only a fraction of those in need , and at the same time harm our own infrastructure and welfare systems , making it harder for us to invest in those developing countries . 
  eu food production is n't in a decline . 
  i was talking about problems between european countries that would disrupt trade . 
   if a country has a large portion ( double digits percentage ) of the imports of a commodity they have huge leverage . 
  depends on how easy it is to replace . 
  for example a country that is reliant on oil from russia is subject to considerable leverage unless they are close to another oil exporter . 
  however there are many food exporters , so one can simply swap to another . 
  an added benefit is that because food is perishable , if trade is cut off between two previous partners , the food exporter usually has to dump it somewhere else . 
  food prices go down in those countries and they import less from unrelated food exporters , leaving more on the table for the country whom was blockaded in the first place . 
  ok thanks . 
  it has n't been mentioned in finnish media afaik . 
  how do you propose we measure it then ? 
  price levels reflect more information than anything else in this case . 
  using prices we can compare whether the inputs are valued more elsewhere in the economy . 
  one should say that food production is too important * not to be * measured in euros and cents . 
  it 's pretty hilarious when people with no economic background start yapping about how the economy should work . 
   you can not measure `` being productive '' only in monetary value . 
  but that 's exactly what all farm economists do . 
  it 's the correct way of doing it . 
  however other forms can be used to understand how capitalism is efficiently allocating production and resources ( chiefly by looking at calorie efficiency ) :  food is literally the one thing we constantly need to produce to survive as a species . 
  yes , and we have production capacity to produce much much more than what we 'll ever need in forms of calories . 
  due to the relative prosperity of many countries , we 're producing luxury food that is not very calorie efficient . 
  these foods require huge inputs and give relatively few ( but tasty and prestigeous ) calories . 
  if we cut subsidies , and as a result many farmers would go bankrupt , we would not produce less in terms of calories . 
  the production would simply become less about luxury foods . 
  the subsidies would be employed elsewhere in the economy . 
  note by the way that producing maximum calorie efficient food is n't optimal . 
  like in other areas of life , we are willing to do some extra effort to get pleasure . 
  food is no different . 
  unless you depend on one country specifically , they do n't have leverage . 
  the food markets are mostly global , except for a few foodstuffs . 
  these foodstuffs can easily be switched out in case of a trade war . 
  no , but the euros are just a measure of how valuable something is . 
  if the value in euros of your production inputs are higher than your output , you 're wasting resources . 
  in fact , usually the value of the inputs needs to be considerably lower than the value of the output , as you need to earn a sizeable profit margin to compensate for risk , cost of capital etc. 
  if we do n't produce as much food as before , we wo n't get stuck with a bunch of euros . 
  we will get stuck with a bunch of more valuable labor , capital and raw materials which can be employed better elsewhere . 
  literally zero non-eu cow milk is sold in finland . 
  it 's the same in many other countries . 
  i bet they 're not demanding fewer subsidies for the eastern european farmers , but higher subsidies for themselves lol . 
  it 's not that the other countries are unfair , it 's that your producers are being unfairly restricted . 
  not if the inputs in terms of labor , equipment and raw materials are worth more than the output , no . 
  that 's why profitability is n't just some capitalist ploy , but a sign of whether you 're productive . 
  of course you might be profitable simply due to higher subsidies , which farmers receive a lot , but that does n't make your activity any more productive . 
  are you having an eu referendum or what ? 
  officially it 's temporary . 
  but all the somalians etc that came here in the 90 's are still here ( except those few who voluntarily wanted to return ) . 
  so in practice it 's permanent . 
  i hope you do n't mean 800 into \u00c5land lol, 
  400 scaled for population is equivalent to germany taking 24 400 . 
  we should 've done large scale fixed quotas from the start , and had a complete no-tolerance policy against illegal immigration ( send them back to turkey etc , where we 'd pick the quote refugees in the first place , and transport them safely to their destinations ) . 
  ranska on merkitykset\u00f6n kieli franska \u00e4r ett irrelevant spr\u00e5k * french is an irrelevant language *, 
  why do n't the farmers buy commodities derivatives to hedge the prices ? 
  russia banned imports * ( as a response to eu sanctions , however ) . 
   unfair competition explain,
