we had a pretty nice white cover at j\u00e4rvaf\u00e4ltet in the morning . 
  yeah , the grand cannon was dope . 
  skittish . 
  i guess this is how us americans feel when people mock them for trump . 
  what , the cinnamon or the unmarried dane ? 
  the greater great war , then . 
  oh , i did n't say that we 're * great . 
  * ( although i also think that , but for other reasons . ), 
  i just made the observation that , in terms of hard numbers , we usually have favourable ones . 
  that does n't necessarily make us better as a whole . 
  one effect of this is that no-one on reddit bats an eye when sweden performs well . 
  if we end up looking bad , however , everone goes all `` lookit sweden with its failing system of v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd !, 
  ma ' , where 's the gut cord ? 
  i need to suture my festering leg wound again . '' you react to the odd and unexpected , not to the norm . 
  the norm being sweden at the top . 
  i mean , some people argue that the first and second world war ought to be considered one great war . 
   naked breath covering one 's breath is done with a niqab , though . 
  i * did * say `` tend to '' . 
  thanks for picking up our slack , germany . 
  i hang my head in shame . 
  we do tend to come out on top in these things , do n't we ? 
  it 's because we 're * expected * to come out on top . 
  you do n't pay attention to the norm . 
  that 's how to interpret anything in the news , by the way . 
  if they report about plane crashes , that 's because they 're rare ; otherwise they would be reporting successful landings instead . 
  this ... this is some top-quality trolling . 
  i 'm touched and a little bit proud . 
  why , it almost makes the eu worthwhile !, 
  my father is old enough and from a country ghetto enough to have had a non-photo id , which instead had a brief text describing his facial features . 
  as it was * still valid * well into the 90s , he occasionally used it for shits and giggles after he had migrated to sweden . 
  amazingly , it tended to be accepted , if hesitantly . 
  well , the lowest of the riffraff of any nation would behave the same . 
  magaluf is the sort of place you would n't visit unless you happened to belong to a certain class of people . 
  edit : sorry , rather a certain * type * of people . 
  people of any class can be morons . 
  sweden here . 
  we tend to clam up and speak english with each other when we suspect the presence of other swedes , as we do n't want them to feel pressed into striking up a conversation which neither party will particularly enjoy . 
  of course , young people are a demographic of their own , and seldom respect the quirks of their forefathers . 
  really ? 
  in my experience , the british are pretty courteous and tactful when abroad . 
  not the lowest of the riffraff , obviously , but you do n't have to ascend that far on the social ladder to find gold where , at the same altitude on the social ladders of other nations , you 'd still find trash . 
  that much yellow is a bit gaudy , yes . 
  yellow details on a red bottom works pretty well , though . 
  heck , i 'm swedish with no dutch affiliations whatsoever , and * i * get irritated when * dutchmen * dumb the netherlands down to holland in front of me . 
  i find it insulting . 
   no lyrics , speeches , gestures of a political or similar nature shall be permitted during the eurovision song contest . 
  welp . 
  i agree . 
  i hope something will be done . 
  knowing the world , nothing will , but there 's always hope . 
  they are immigrants , making trouble locally . 
  yours are natives , making trouble in the rest of europe , including here . 
  sure , we both have shit to fix , but we can smell yours from all the way over here . 
  it 's either in romania or not . 
  if it is , they are your responsibility , especially since you entered the eu . 
  you want better reputation ? 
  clean up your mess . 
  indeed , but parts of nynorsk do live on in various local dialects . 
  you 're welcome . 
  the uk * is * a motley bunch of dialects , is n't it ? 
   it 's part of your charm . 
  compared to sweden , norway has about the same diversity of dialects , but in norway they have a higher status and are used more than in sweden , i guess one could say . 
  you have the whole bokm\u00e5l versus nynorsk thing , which are two * written * dialects ; bokm\u00e5l is older and more like danish , and nynorsk newer and intentionally separatist . 
  then you have the spoken dialects , which are a mixture of the aforementioned two and colloquialisms . 
  that said , everyone is taught bokm\u00e5l in school , so people should in theory be able to communicate with you using bokm\u00e5l . 
  or english , so yes . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shmuo3bd9cu ) is a good video on the subject . 
  it appears to be correct , as far as i can tell . 
  ' kona ' actually means woman in general in old/rural swedish . 
  my name has nothing to do with it , though ; it 's just japanese for ` flour ' . 
  my last name translates as `` millerson '' , see . 
  i had a bit of a weeaboo phase when i was growing up , and the name stuck . 
  swedish and norwegian are pretty similar -- i 've heard british dialects farther apart from each other than swedish is from norwegian -- so feel free to ask me about either language if you 'd like . 
  it 's not so much a hobby as a side-effect of my actual hobby , which is language history . 
  you lot had a fad a while back where you sorted words into ` u ' and ` non-u ' ( u being upperclass ) , and to read about that you have to read etiquette books . 
  still , it 's an interesting read . 
  etiquette is a secret language of sorts , and if you meet someone who have read the same books and know the same secrets you sometimes share a moment of understanding . 
  australia competes in eurovision , so that 's not really an argument . 
  ... well ? 
  in their spare time , they enjoy what you do in your work time . 
  sorry , it was a fun thing to write . 
  seriously , though , i never knew you were infamous for * that . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/longread/darfor-kommer-tiggarna/sv/livezilor-bukarest--en-plats-for-de-levande-doda/ ), 
  oh , i 'm from sweden . 
  i just read a lot of etiquette books , and the british ones are very obsessed with scones being called scons . 
  what do you call a person from montenegro , anyway ? 
  it used to to me as well , but i got used to it . 
  * for the empire *, 
   it 's scone you fools woah there ... 
  once a swede , always a swede , broder !, 
  hush , you , or we 'll flood your tulips . 
  it is ( arguably ) worth noting that the swedish anthem is n't actually formalised in law , but rather by tradition . 
  nowadays , having strong opinions on the subject is rare , as patriotism is n't very fashionable in sweden , but i believe [ one of the contenders ] ( https://youtu.be/ygmqkywcini ) is worth mentioning , simply because of its beauty . 
  there 's no pomp and circumstance , barely a beat . 
  the music is as peaceful as the lyrics , which are about peace where war once was , and it overall suits sweden quite well . 
  oh yes , i know . 
  i 'm swedish ; a lot of your northern grammar actually makes a lot of sense to us . 
  which is hardly surprising , given our history . 
  also , your contractions conjured up this passage from the depths of my memory : * wilt th ' sup with me ?
