  aye , if i be alive , and thy mind hold , and your dinner worth the eating . 
  that 's not quite the same thing , though . 
  i was referring to things like `` have you a pen ? '' as compared to the more cumbersome `` do you have a pen ? '' . 
  do you know the way to san jose ? 
  know you the way to san jose ? 
  makes perfect sense if you swap it around a bit . 
  have you something before you later ? 
  edit : let 's break it down : - * have you ... * is easy to understand , even if modern english unnecessarily complicates it with * do you have * for some reason . 
  - * ... something before you * is pretty easy too , if you take * before * as meaning * ahead of * or * in front of * . 
  do you have any work ahead of you ? 
  iceland is trying to break away . 
  wait , it does ? 
  one solution would be to improve the image of the country . 
  \\* sigh \\* it 's denmark 's turn to make the popcorn . 
  that 's why it 's done other the weekend . 
  you have plenty of time to adjust if you start on friday evening . 
  perhaps we need another system of election . 
  would it be possible to have a democratic form of government where voting would n't have to be anonymous to be safe ? 
  would n't it be nice if they could be satisfied with just ruining their own country ? 
  yes , we women a lot . 
  how can you be my fellow countryman and not understand how * v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd * works ? 
  the country feeds you , clothes you and educates you . 
  it 's not unreasonable for the country to want something back from you . 
  all right , bear with me . 
  you say the tax cuts for marriage is because the state wants you to procreate . 
  well , that 's evidently not a good strategy , as marriage is not a good indicator on whether or not someone will have children . 
  it * was , * once , but it is n't . 
  joint ownership and inheritance is another thing , too : if you make a home and family and live together with someone for the rest of your life , why should that fact affect inheritance * less * than some crusty old religious ceremony some twat in an elvis wig can cast over your drunk arse on a forlorn night in las vegas ? 
  marriage in its current form simply is n't up to speed with the reality of today . 
  with hbtq rights on the rise we are finally reassessing what marriage is , and that is all fine and good -- but ca n't we also assess * why * marriage is ? 
  yet another artifact of the past , then , since roughly half of children today are born out of wedlock . 
  and do n't you forget it . 
  ( i , of course , take all the credit for any actions pertaining to the loins of my ancestors . ), 
  she still has the power , though . 
  what if she desires not to be apolitical ? 
  what if she goes off her rocker , if you pardon my cross-channel language ? 
  in many countries , tax laws and such seem to assume an economic codependency to be present in marriages . 
  some of these are quite nice -- the tax break , for instance . 
  however , the break sort of implies the assumption of a single-employment household , and it is hardly fair on the people who choose not to marry . 
  one thing i have noticed about films from the usa is that it is really rare seeing couples where the man is black and the woman caucasian . 
  the same kind of irony as in the usa , where you for the first three years of your adult life could potentially die for a country which would not buy you a drink at a bar . 
  when i think of europe in my irrational mind 's eye , i sort of think of everything west and north of austria . 
  she still needs to give her royal assent to all bills from parliament before they are signed into law . 
  even though the power has n't been used since the 18 ^ th century , by law she still has the power to veto said bills . 
  i suppose `` conventional '' would be a good word . 
  marriage as a concept is antiquated and modelled upon conditions not present in modern life . 
  if we 're reinventing marriage , why not make it something more contemporary while we 're at it ? 
  we 'd probably call all marriages registered partnerships today if we invented the custom today . 
  you can barely learn your own language , dane . 
  well , you could have just remained ours and not have had a capital , eh ? 
   we are not gon na throw rocks and crucify whoever says so . 
  the apparently-polish user / u/murzinio replied ...  i would n't try `` polish death camps '' here either . 
  ... to a post saying ...  this will get you beaten in no time . 
  ... which kinda contradicts your assurance of non-violence over the term . 
   [ ... ] are you suggesting that poland should n't bat an eye on that and just let everyone spew that bullshit ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i have n't suggested any such thing . 
  of course you should bat an eye , just do n't hit actual eyes with actual bats . 
  oh , for crying out fuck ... have some people never heard of wikipedia ? 
   saint patty wait , is this a thing ? 
   where in sweden is finland ? 
  to the east . 
  we and russia use it as a dmz . 
  we could choose not to grow enraged over honest ignorance , but pity the transgressors and educate them where applicable . 
  parlance among learned men should n't have to suffer because of the fact that some people did n't pay attention in school , or did n't have a school paying attention to them . 
  i would assume that that person at least knows about the * concept * of war , as in `` a state of existence notorious for having shit that once was yours no longer being under your control '' , yes . 
  i do n't discuss the second world war with kindergarteners , as a rule . 
  sorry , brother . 
  then that ignorance is the real problem , is n't it ? 
  going bananas over the phrase would just look like guilt to that same ignorant person . 
  to be fair , so have you . 
  you just refuse to accept that from time to time . 
  i do n't really see the problem . 
  it 's a death camp in poland . 
  not * made * by poland , but it 's located in poland . 
  there 's no blame implied in the phrase . 
  hell , i did n't even notice . 
  sweden had another one , but populism and denmark killed her . 
  it kinda looks like blast radii . 
   north america has the largest share of countries ( 100 % ) that generate nuclear power . 
  ... what ? 
  we sure have seen a lot of weird examples of democracy lately , have n't we ? 
  obviously , but your original post made it sound like you attributed the difference to the cross being a canonical requirement , which you would agree is n't true . 
  wait , the bible says christians have to wear crosses ? 
  found the ginger . 
  ( swedes \u2260 swedes ) evaluates to false . 
  false equals rabbits ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm pretty sure ' h. ' would be met with confusion in sweden . 
  that 's because it 's never really been a * thing * here . 
  you ca n't legislate against every bizarre thing beneath the moon . 
  it has to become an issue first . 
  the market for croatian vpns just skyrocketed . 
  that map appears to be inversely related to the reliability of the local postal system . 
  i 've been to italy several times , and i hate to break it to you , but you most certainly * do n't * know how to make a proper pizza . 
  the ones in the usa are all right , if a bit hit - 'n' - miss , but sweden reigns supreme . 
  til this apparently is n't common . 
  it was a joke , expanding on the previous joke . 
  i meant no offence to you or anyone else , and i apologise if you inferred any such thing from my comment . 
  the alcohol just makes it worse . 
  * deck the halls with skulls of yankees ... *,
