  that there would be like 2 friends , 2 strangers and a christmas tree ? 
  i do n't get it . . 
  wait is this actually why ? 
  probably because over the millenia of us evolving to be better hunters , gatherers , crafters and fuckers there was no distinct evolutionary advantage to calculating the discrepancies between two theoretical numbers . 
  wow i 've listened to that song probably hundreds of times and never really thought about how close of a rhyme those two lines were . 
  drug ballad for those curious, 
   3000 years is too short a period . 
  homosexuality manifests itself in animals that have branched apart way-way earlier than that . 
  i think we indirectly agree . . 
  i think he means it tastes disgusting , but yes i agree, 
  i always thought it was the opposite , like moving more just made you sink faster ? 
  you go girl, 
  this is my favorite post all day . 
  he 's right 2 times a day, 
  which half ? 
  i 've lived all up and down the west coast . 
  if you 're going to be in the north half , be sure to go to san francisco and specifically dolores park and golden gate park . 
  dolores is more fun if you are younger as it is just a bunch of people drinking and doing psychedelics , golden gate is just a pretty walk/sights . 
  south half you obviously have to check out san diego/la . 
  in sd i would recommend moonlight beach which is a bit north of sd proper in a city called carlsbad . 
  be sure to walk down venice beach as well which is further north . 
  have fun !, 
  and now it 's come true !, 
  i do n't know if i 'm tired or retarded but i 'll just have to take your word on this , zoup . 
  edit : thanks for trying to bring it down to my level though, 
  yep , just remember the city that borders south of san diego is tijuana , which i 'm not sure if you 're familiar with but has gotten a less than stellar reputation for tourists the last 6 years or so . 
  still a super fun place if you do n't get raped or beheaded , definitely recommend !, 
  these dont work either :(, 
  i would n't say `` leader '' but the fbi and district police forces had drafted potential plans to assassinate well known occupy members . 
  do n't feel like finding the link but you can google for it and find it on reputable news sites , if you ca n't reply letting me know and i 'll get it for you . 
  oh i did n't know you were making a point i thought you were asking a question, 
   how can you be upset at being called leader-less when you claim not to need leaders ? 
  well , what if you tried to make a name for yourself and declared your house sovereign territory . 
  you said you choose to secede from the union and you are now on your own domain , and the media headlines are all about how you in fact do n't even have an olympic-sized swimming pool . 
  you never claimed to need an olympic pool and think that your point is still valid in the absence of a pool , but the media is seeking to discredit your entire movement by focusing on one aspect that you do n't even believe is an error worth focusing on . 
  that 's how you can be upset by being painted as leaderless while also claiming to not need leaders . 
  that generally does n't happen much anymore in first world countries , in fact i 'd say it 's incredible rare to find someone who enjoys eating animals while they are still alive . 
  what is this referencing ? 
  depends what you 're pushing and to who, 
  wtf has anyone been to this site before ? 
  ** fuuuuck why do i always find all these threads hours too late !, 
  all the gold has probably been depleted by now !, 
  * holds up spork *, 
  disappointed by the lack of flope , but it was alright other than that . 
  i 'll never be that cool : c, 
  mike meyers said , '' * yeah * baby ! '', 
  if you die in the car and someone pulls your body out and gets in , the ignition bomb will detonate the vehicle . 
  til, 
  if i 'm currently the most handsome and i choose strongest , does that mean i will no longer be the most handsome ? 
  only one way to find out !, 
   go have sex with a woman or something, 
  words hurt . 
  that comma made me , read the whole post twice to understand it . 
  shiit this is what im going through right now, 
  it 's all in the wrist . 
  also in sf, 
  edit : actually i should say it 's legal to be * completely * nude here in sf, 
  that sounds fun , i imagine it would be like [ when eddie murphy went undercover ] ( http://www.snotr.com/video/422/ ), 
  lisa ? 
  i do n't think i 'm understanding , what happens in the last 3 panels ? 
  i get so sad when i fly over loch modan now : c why would you drain it blizzard ? 
  to be fair i was also put off by the fact that their `` anniversary '' lasted like 4 months . 
  genghis kahn is n't in mulan, 
  well i 'm sure everyone agrees that it 's easy to tell an asian and black person apart , but i still think white people have more distinguishable features like eye/hair color . 
   found a $ 1.43 voucher from a coin star machine in the microwave . 
  that 's how you know it was a good night . 
   i 'm now what i call a tech butler . . officially , i 'm the technical advisor to an extremely wealthy individual ( .01 % - er ) . 
  this sounds like a dream job . 
   if ww2 was lost , many minority groups would be extinct . 
  every battle and war has significant consequences, 
  i appreciate the land before time terminology . 
  i would probably do something similar, 
  damn i feel really bad for the artists / programmers who spent so long working on it , i 'm sure they wanted so badly for gamers to enjoy it as much as they did , it must be devastating to see something like this on the front page of reddit . 
  same here . 
  i went the first 20 years of my life without a flu shot , then got one a couple years back . 
  had to skip classes for a few days because i just felt so shitty , and i still get sick every couple months now when i literally never got sick before getting it . 
  ignoring all the conspiracy theory bullshit , i do believe from anecdotal evidence that injecting your body with any kind of vaccination can cause some things to get wonky . 
  i fucking love this scenario , really interesting stuff !, 
   two nearby cars each with two families in them, 
  and damn we really do extreme carpooling in the future !, 
  i do n't know , the thought of having no privacy at all kind of makes me want to throw up . 
  like even with no shame , i feel like it 's only natural to want some kind of privacy as a human . 
  i imagine my great great great ... ... great grandfather in africa would take some time to get away from the rest of his tribe and go sit by a certain special/secret tree he liked or something , just some time to steal away and know that what you are doing will never be known by anyone else . 
  same here , that was great, 
  ^ ( if i had the money for gold . . ), 
  very well written and in-depth , thank you !, 
  cloudy as fuck today over in sunset , feels like it 's night time, 
  what 's the easiest way to tell if i have bones ? 
   `` i want to make sure your wife is okay with us going to the concert together . '', 
  i do n't know about this . 
  if i was the guy and thought i was just hanging out with a coworker and she said that , it might make me run for the hills . 
  that implies that this woman has been already thinking about my wife and my marriage , and her bringing it up would seem offputting . 
   i 'm not really a cold approach guy, 
  what does this even mean ? 
  you only ever talk to people who get introduced to you via icebreaker games or a mutual friend ? 
  no i get that , i 'm saying if he was/wasn ' t going to tell his wife that is his responsibility and i assume he would if he wanted to remain in good favor with his spouse . 
  what i 'm saying is since he probably already offhandedly talked to his wife about hanging out with a coworker and that it was obviously just a friendly concert , it would seem a bit unnerving to show up and have this woman start talking about his wife . 
  maybe i 'm not explaining myself in the best of ways . 
  i just do n't see how any good can come from her bringing up his marriage because if anything it just makes her look suspicious . 
  are you stupid ?
