  especially since the op used mcdonalds as an example . 
  i could get 4 double cheeseburgers for the day averaging ~ 1300 calories for under $ 5 . 
  the only way groceries could be cheaper is if i purchased uncooked rice by the pound . 
  like every amateur video out there ? 
  as a sophomore of 94 ; haha freshie, 
  i eat 6 a day , shits tasty . 
   sexist at best . 
  down with fun !, 
  down with fun !, 
  oh jeez , life is difficult with such mean spirited comics floating around, 
  i go to a decent sized school ( ~ 30,000 students ) , and no it 's not really a thing . 
  well it is , but it 's always done ironically . 
  kids will show up to parties and when it 's found out they 're a freshman everyone will feign disappointment . 
  if someone fucks up in bp sometimes jokingly called a freshman . 
  harmless dumb stuff . 
  all of the above really should be legalized though . 
  i have a * really * hard time believing that anxiety from weed has any correlation with the strain , other than perhaps it being indica or sativa having an effect . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  are you me ? 
   hangovers from alcohol cause panic attacks a couple days after the binge . 
  til , do you have a source ? 
  out of all the angry comments on both sides of the fence , i 've finally found one that 's neutral and level-headed . 
  this is amazing . 
  oh my fucking god ... 
  i have seriously been replying to people in this thread for the last like 30 minutes and never checked the title , wheres the original ? 
  what the fuck brand bacon are you buying ? 
  you 're a girl ? 
  i was really not expecting that, 
  edit - but friends is a sweet show, 
  lol sounds like someone is 19 and nervous, 
  i do n't know if i 'd say `` hangover '' is synonymous with `` alcohol withdrawal '' . 
  this was surprisingly high up in the comments actually , in a thread about virginity which is always filled with great conversations on reddit . 
  did you downvote me ? 
  lol, 
  i 'm done with this conversation . 
  i actually unsubbed ~ 9 days ago , for the content not the comments , but after exhausting my front page i tried / r/all and found this . 
  obviously not , i rather have a business major . 
  its nice when it works, 
  i think the rule of thumb is unless we have important trade agreements with a country we will always side with revolutionaries . 
  san francisco : c, 
  [ an xbox one winner . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/every2minutes/comments/1r476v/this_is_my_story/ ), 
  source : i won the same way, 
  helicopter was already flying in the area . 
  very well said . 
  actually curious why this was downvoted , might 've been an interesting discussion . 
  all twitch streams have a 15 second delay , so really the evolution happened ~ 15 seconds before assholes saw it start and had the chance to start hitting b. 
  this is also one of the main reasons this game is so awkward and hard to complete , because on top of 80,000 idiots trying to play at once you 're also playing a slightly delayed version of the game . 
  do you live in a very religious region ? 
  separate guy and girl parties just seemed to stick out for me . 
  at my high school one of the main reasons people ever went to parties was to try and get laid . 
  somewhere around the speed of push . 
  have you tagged as ` possibly autistic ' . 
  glad to see i do n't need to change that . 
  reference ? 
  i always tap the shoulders of each person one by one and quietly inform them that i have to pee , that way in the event of a major earthquake or other natural disaster like dinosaurs people wo n't forget that i 'm in the bathroom and leave me there . 
  as an american , i 've never heard someone say the word ` fanny ' in real life . 
  til public transit is for hipsters, 
  dude keep your eyes on the road !, 
  yes . 
  african american people , homosexual people , asian people , irish people and women people . 
  it 's concentrated in the us as well , 1 in 8 americans live in california , and off the top of my head i 'm pretty sure 50 % of the population could be accounted for just in the top ~ 15 metropolitan areas . 
   the us has similar controls in other areas , like not being able to see a r-rated movie until you 're 17 , etc. 
  except going to a theater to watch an r rated movie and going to the store to buy an m rated game when you are 11 years old are both perfectly legal activities and are up to the business to enforce rules . 
  pfft !, 
  but that would mean the citizen is innocent until they are * proven * guilty !, 
  preposterous !, 
  absolutely no correlation . 
   rtfa . 
  never seen that acronym before but know exactly what it means . 
  yep , i actually just found out about it a few months back myself , always assumed it was federal regulation but i guess it 's that those industries generally choose to police themselves so that the government does n't need to step in . 
  i 'll never have a ps3/4 so i 'm indifferent to spoilers of it , but the video was pretty funny , really good improv by the actors !, 
  in my opinion the one related to bieber makes more sense given the statutes we have in place and then one regarding the wbc is strictly emotionally-driven . 
  but i suppose given the signatures i am in the minority . 
   you do n't do this kind of shit for anybody else . 
  we do n't fucking know anyone else doing this shit you fucking idiot . 
  you 're the same as the people who kept fucking spouting , `` you know paul walker was n't alone in that deadly car crash , there was also person x. '', 
  yeah well nobody fucking knows person x so i 'm sorry there are n't candlelight vigils for some guy nobody has ever heard of . 
  people only give a shit about things that affect them or their loved ones and having some brat teach kids that once you become rich and/or famous you are `` above the law '' is fucking embarrassing . 
  saying people are only trying to get him deported because he 's good looking is the most mindbogglingly retarded stance you could possible take . 
  parents are lame !, 
  ah that 's true !, 
  even after reading your comment i still do n't understand how it works . 
  i prefer to think that all of the audience just have a really slow reaction time and are consistently looking at where bieber was a few seconds prior . 
  jack talking shit about reddit !, 
  and i think touting `` millions of viewers '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  edit : i 've learned my lesson, 
  he was talking about their let 's plays . 
  really ? 
  chill , guy . 
  achievement hunter is n't your baby no need to defend it from what was clearly a joke . 
  yeah but i think saying this sub only gets dozens of viewers was a little off base . 
  i just did n't know how else to annoy you as much as your comment annoyed me , but imitation is the most sincere form of flattery and colin mochrie is a funny guy . 
  very clever use of boob . 
  seriously . 
  is burnie the one who spawned it ? 
  i know i 'm saying i totally agree , some people just do n't get it . 
  are you the lone dinosaur ? 
  whose that, 
  i approve of this reference,
