  seems like a leap . 
  i 'm actually pretty sure it * does n't * depend on the hospital . 
  i know connecticut and california both use code blue for cardiac arrest , and apparently texas does as well . 
  i just do n't want any of the rt staff to see a thread talking about `` favorite lines '' . 
  i think personally they already try way too hard to be funny and when it 's obvious it 's really cringey . 
  i feel like a thread commemorating the `` best lines '' someone has said is just reinforcing their idea that everyone in the audience enjoys these exaggerated comedian characters they play . 
  though i 'm fairly sure i 'm in the minority , at least on this sub . 
  i like that one because it 's obvious he was n't trying hard to be funny . 
   you can have the same gamertag signed into xbox live on both the 360 and the one at the same time, 
  now that you say the names i believe i 've read the fall of reach and first strike many moons ago , though will definitely go through again . 
  never read ghosts of onyx i was actually under the impression that that was a recent release ? 
  which book is first chronologically or does it not really matter with the way they were written ? 
  i remember reading in one about john doing his training exercises to become a spartan , that was a pretty cool one iirc . 
  oh i misinterpreted your op , i agree . 
  nifty , i think i 'll order fall of reach from amazon now then . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i think you 're hurting yourself here . 
  i 'm trying to keep this sub focused on the important things . 
  your support means everything to me , i will frame your downvote on my wall inside of my rooster teeth memorabilia room . 
  my grandfather worked as a real estate agent who specialized in rural areas , mostly field workers and farmers . 
  he was into sell farm . 
  is this a joke ? 
  is n't that exactly the only reason for it ? 
  i 'm not being sarcastic or joking , i 'm confident that at least 95 % of the time it 's used , it 's for porn . 
  at the risk of sounding like an idiot , why would you believe a random girl who your cousin told you is a liar instead of your cousin ? 
  i would 've accepted my friends invitation to hang out instead of waiting around for this girl to show up who never did . 
  pretty sure this is a joke , but i 'm going to need you to confirm this . 
  is the baker act real or did op muff up his words, 
  . . uh so , i 'm sure you 're being serious . 
  but , how did the flu put your brother in a coma if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  we 're there any signs beforehand ? 
  damn , i just got an e-mail a few days ago about h1n1 spreading across my university campus so now i 'm terrified . 
  my thoughts are with you and your family , hope all turns out well . 
  i see a smile !, 
  damn like 6 guys just awkwardly stand around the body right after it 's been sniped , surprised no one else got shot other than the original two . 
  damn , so close . 
  ah okay , i had just never heard of it and was on mobile , did n't feel like googling . 
  thanks !, 
  hey so your friend owns a granite shop , i 'm looking for a ~ 12 x 12 inch granite slab but all of them on amazon are like upwards of $ 40 , do you think your friend could get me a better deal if i buy directly from him ? 
  also cool license plate . 
  i generally pass on flu shots since they tend to make me sick , though with op 's story and the knowledge that this strain is making a large comeback in my campus specifically makes me feel a bit worse about rolling the dice . 
  it 's vote manipulation and the images are put out by a pr team . 
  every fucking one has that stupid team coco logo in the top image but no the bottom and is laid out in the exact same 2 panel format taking from his opening monologue . 
  really makes me hate him . 
  never heard of it , i 'll look into it thanks for the tip !, 
  being attacked by a shark . 
  i live in san francisco and have been told that they are fairly similar culturally , i 'll have to visit sometime . 
  i disagree you whore . 
  this seems like a thoughtful and level-headed response , enjoy your downvotes . 
  because how the fuck are we supposed to have an informed discussion if i have to read views that differ from my own ? 
  your comment can be construed in two different ways , do you mean how is it helpful for the police to give information about a criminal to the public ? 
  where do you live ? 
  if you call a black person a negro in america , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  hey man i get what you 're saying , and honestly i think screaming ` censorship ! ', 
  for deleted comments on reddit is a little extreme , but idk what else to call it in this circumstance so i 'll just use that term . 
  when you enable or are okay with some level censorship the actual enforcing of what is/isn ' t considered ` okay ' to write about is taken away from the community , who have a built-in system of finding quality comments ( up/downvotes ) , and instead placing it into the hands of a single individual to decide what is alright to discuss or bring up in discussion . 
  this becomes an issue with such malleable topics as race and sexuality as no one person can safely speak for everyone on what is and is not acceptable behavior when discussing these topics . 
  person x might be offended if person y posts statistics linking certain ethnic groups to violent crimes , while persons a - w are not offended . 
  if person x is the moderator , then the vast majority of people have content removed that they never really disagreed with and may have led to a deeper understanding of the situation . 
  anyways , i 'm embarrassed to say i downvoted your original comment reflexively but i 've gone and fixed that . 
  for anyone else who was as shocked at that map of the us as i was , this is tracking circumcision rates of infants in hospitals . 
  meaning these are the rates for children born in 2009 - 2010 . 
  the rates were much higher for people born in say 1990 . 
  this is a hot topic so tread lightly , people get really worked up about it . 
  but it 's just a regional thing . 
  how it became popular in certain regions and unpopular in other regions over x years in y time period is for people to argue about . 
  but statistically if you 're american and you are old enough to write coherent comments on reddit , you are probably circumcised . 
  what is it , i thought he misspelled waffle . 
  you should have had one circumcised so you could compare the differences and put an end to thousands of heated debates online . 
  missed opportunity . 
  i did n't see before you edited , but i think you probably did . 
  that 's alright though sarcasm is hard to detect over the internet you fucking idiot . 
   i stopped smoking a few years back because it started to make me super paranoid . 
  i know others that experience the same thing . 
  every time i say this people act like i am somehow attacking them and they gang up on me like animals . 
  are you me ? 
  i used to think that stoners were the friendliest people you could ever meet on the planet . 
  if you and your buddies were smoking and happened to cross paths with another group that was smoking everyone could chill out together and have a little pow wow , that is until i stopped smoking for the same reasons as you . 
  i quickly realized that many of my friends were only interested in hanging out if we could get high , and that the best way to cure the anxiety i got from weed was `` just smoke more weed ! '' . 
  i have n't smoked in 1.5 years and i 'm sorry to say people who are daily tokers really often rub me the wrong way with their inconsideration for people who do n't smoke . 
  the fact that weed can induce latent mental disorders is actually widely accepted , and with some googling i 'm sure you could find some more info . 
  ooh a pilot !, 
  not sure if commercial or not , but two quick questions . 
  so if i 'm understanding this thread correctly , you 're saying east-west flights are only negligibly affected by earth 's rotation ? 
  i quite often fly from the east coast to the west coast ( us ) and i * feel * like one way is notably longer than the other , though maybe i 'm just crazy . 
  i was listening to a podcast that discussed this scenario and i wanted to ask an actual pilot . 
  in a commercial airliner ( if you are familiar ) if the plane is in an uncontrolled descent and a crash is imminent , could i open the emergency exit and jump out ? 
  i heard that the exit may not open at altitude . 
  pretty sure you just shattered his world . 
  funny how this comment does n't get hated on or linked to srs . 
  ** well whoopdey-doo for you !, 
  haha sorry that last comment was just a bit of fun . 
  i suppose the misinterpretation was my fault since i conjoined two separate ideas . 
   this seems like a thoughtful and level-headed response ,, 
  that 's the truth . 
   enjoy your downvotes . 
  you had many downvotes at the time and still have a fair amount but not as bad . 
  i 'm not saying my comment made yours look better but . . 
  wait which side do you think is trolling ? 
  finally !,
