  that 's what i thought, 
  umm . . why does it matter that he was black you fucking racist ? 
   however , if the percentage of people that vaccinate their children starts to drop significantly , i think it may end up being necessary , for the benefit of society in genera . 
  perhaps . 
  but the idea of the government forcibly taking my kid and injecting him/her with something that has a chance of killing them , regardless of how infinitesimally small that chance is , makes me feel uneasy . 
  ha , did you have your grandson set you up on the internet , old man ? 
  just looked it up on google maps , apparently it is n't in europe fyi, 
  same thing, 
  that 's actually gorgeous, 
  they all look the same , and you muffed up the apostrophe in lets or let 's . 
  but the template looks clean , hope you find some work , everyones got ta get that cash money . 
  wait how can you see other people 's tags ? 
  message me an hour before it starts or ill forget, 
  the guys at achievement hunter have been releasing more and more videos that have 0 game audio . 
  personally i find it annoying that they think they 're so funny and likable that any sound from the game would detract from they 're awesome personalities , but they routinely get over a million views on their videos so maybe i 'm just a sourpuss . 
  they 've been doing it with games that previously had audio , like gta, 
  i would n't say obvious . 
  the real one, 
  this definitely seems fabricated , but that would suck . 
  . . well now i wonna know, 
  i thought that was canadian craigslist, 
  in it for the long con , eh ? 
  well my condolences on that whole situation , just sounded so incredibly unusual if he actually came out and said it the way he did . 
  how many walkers have you killed ? 
  as someone who is currently enrolled in an online college course , could n't you just google the answers ? 
  damn , good thing my professors have n't thought of this yet . 
  were they all multiple choice ? 
  are you supposed to answer the same question twice ? 
  can you eli4 ? 
  seriously !, 
  mine were n't that bad and i had them for ~ 3 years . 
  i 'm trying to figure out how to build my first rig , but unfortunately i have n't gotten too many replies in my thread in this sub . 
  i 'm trying to play games on high settings and record while doing that , are you saying i should get 2x 4gb ram instead of 1x 8gb since there is no downside in gaming and an upside in general computing ? 
  what was the point of saying non-zero ? 
  i must say i 'm surprised at the amount of posts mentioning this when you think about how successful some of those ` techniques ' actually are . 
  but i guess aw probably is n't completely representative of women irl . 
  okay this one is a toughy . . are you agreeing with him , or not ? 
  judging by the downvotes i 've already received on my seemingly innocuous comment above , i 'd wager this is * not * the thread to test anything related to pua haha, 
  yeah this makes sense , and is along what i was thinking . 
  whether or not it 's right , i thoroughly enjoyed the analogy . 
  reminded me of story time back in like kindergarten . 
  well i do have you tagged as ` smart brain dude ' . 
  boy if i ever had $ 45 that did n't go directly to food , i would buy such things !, 
  wow that was very insightful , nice writeup !, 
  wow that 's staggering , i feel like most women do n't know how well they 've got it in the dating world . 
  what was the timeframe for that competition ? 
  i do n't do any online dating , but what 's wrong with that ? 
  at what point did people become too good for a basic greeting , do they want men to send their resume and a list of references with their first message ? 
  this ca n't be the case universally , i know at least on blogspot and wordpress that setting the alt text of an image will alter what appears on mouseover . 
  woah woah woah ... there are gen-specific challenges ? 
  i 'm almost gen 3 and had no idea . 
  i think i did it better , stop filibustering my claim to fame you limey bastard !, 
  wow i 've found the opposite to be true , i guess it must be a regional or age related thing . 
  ** it belongs in a museum !, 
  til the ` finders keepers ' law exists . 
  yeah seriously , so you got ta wade through a bunch of , to use op 's term , ` less compatible ' matches nude photos , at least you 're pretty much sorting through a basket of people you know want to fuck you and choosing which one you like best . 
  there 's no way you could convince me this is the worse deal . 
  combatting rape with rape ? 
  it 's pretty much what we already do given our prison system . 
  fuck i missed it, 
  wait i did n't get to see . 
  they sent mean messages or something ? 
  i do n't think that teenagers are stupid , but i think teenagers who frequent a sub made specifically for people in their age range are only highlighting the differences they have with adults on reddit . 
  i also think its kind of a weird place to draw the line , i almost feel like r/middleschool or r/highschool would be more appropriate . 
  the difference between a 13 year old and a 19 year old is much much greater than a 19 year old and a 25 year old . 
  i thought creepshots was banned, 
  mr definitely gets more hate than it deserves , and i 'm actually surprised to hear that the community scares you if you really frequent the sub . 
  associating mr and the red pill is like grouping r/trollxchromosomes and r/shitredditsays, 
  wow this sprang up quick, 
  if you wear provocative clothing and shove your tits in front of a camera in order to post to facebook , you should expect people to ogle at them , i mean is n't that the point ? 
  i refuse to believe dogecoin is a legitimate currency . 
   ruin their life and cause as much psychological , emotional and physical pain to them as possible, 
  do n't you think someone who does this kind of thing has already met their share of psychological , emotional or physical detriment in their life ? 
  edit 2 : thanks op !, 
  i do n't think you understand mental illness , there is n't a binary ` crazy ' or ` norma ' switch in the brain . 
  the fact that this act disgusts you , and most of society , means that we deem it an abnormality of action , the motives of which may seem legitimate to the individual who did it . 
  thanks , yeah it 's not your fault but i feel like if people can work on not perpetuating the idea that crimes are * only * committed by males it 'll probably be good for society in general . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fair , but you must realize over the past ~ 40 years in the us women 's clothing has been steadily becoming skimpier and skimpier for reasons not just having to do with ` comfort ' , but to be provocative . 
  when you 're with your buddies or family or out doing whatever you should dress however you feel like , but there 's an age old adage that i think everyone should be aware of that you do n't post any photos of yourself on the internet that you intend to keep private . 
  to be fair i do n't think a lot of these girls would be surprised if they found themselves in this subreddit , i mean as long as you are n't posting stuff like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nzn0mhl.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vrgnavn.jpg ) then you should n't worry too much . 
  again not saying that any of this is fair , or ` right ' , and i 'm definitely not saying that people should n't dress the way they want to , but when they post it online they should just be expecting that it could end up anywhere . 
  what do you think ? 
  oh sweet , thanks for the link !, 
  til, 
  out of curiosity , what laws would benefit ups / fedex while harming usps ? 
  this is exactly how i feel . 
  it always angers me when i have to deal with someone at a restaurant , bank , movie theater etc. 
  that obviously gives zero fucks about their job and fucks up whatever transaction i 'm trying to do . 
  meanwhile here i am calling the hiring manager at mcdonald 's every week to see if he has reviewed my application yet ; bad workers definitely deserve to be fired . 
   the natural components in the cannabis plant are pleasurable as they are without having to spend the extra money to manipulate them, 
  just like tobacco !, 
  why do n't you spend 5 minutes googling it instead of dogpiling on the others that are too lazy ? 
  it 's been all over the news for the last couple years , multiple states have made it illegal to grow your own veggies . 
  i think it started in florida , and a cursory google search of ` illegal vegetables florida ' should give you results . 
  groogle it, 
  why do n't you spend 5 minutes googling it instead of dogpiling on the others that are too lazy ? 
  it 's been all over the news for the last couple years , multiple states have made it illegal to grow your own veggies . 
  i think it started in florida , and a cursory google search of ` illegal vegetables florida ' should give you results . 
  cell mutation , boom !, 
   in your back yard,
