  if you do n't mind me asking , and you do n't have to answer , what do you do for work ? 
  i imagine r&d for drug companies would be the best bet . 
  it 's a long text post from a nurse in the er . 
  spoilers :, 
  it 's a gross story about a patient coming in with rectum abscesses . 
  sweet name though, 
  that 's got ta be the worst name in this thread . 
  sounds super wasp , i like it, 
  you must have hated harry potter . 
  i wish that 's what she said . 
  i hated being 6th grade but now i 'm job . 
  i know nothing about meth but my preconceptions lead me to believe getting two people cranked up on it to sit still and watch a movie as long and slow as requiem would be impossible, 
  where are you from ? 
  in socal we call them mole bowls . 
  very similar which is why i 'm curious, 
   that initial zomg do all the things feeling is n't there the whole time . 
  and not all people get like that every time or on every kind . 
  ah okay , did n't know that !, 
  wait how do i do that android thing, 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  i know you 're probably joking but he was the protagonist of [ this movie ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118655/ ) . 
  hey , not sure if you 'll see this or not but congrats on deciding you want to try out game development , for a lot of people not only is it their job but it can also be really fun !, 
  a couple other posters have mentioned in passing that this type of question gets posted here daily and they 're right , so if you 're at all interested you may want to also go back in the sub history and see some similar topics that maybe got advice that you have n't in this thread , regardless your post is much more detailed and better formatted , so good on you . 
  however to be honest if you 've never tried programming at all you might find it a bit dry and hate it . 
  a lot of people get excited at the prospect of `` making video games '' since they like playing them so much and do n't realize that it ends up being about 90 % intense algebra , on the programming side at least . 
  next , it looks like given your own research and the other user 's suggestions you are on the right track , unity 3d is a great tool for beginners to use and c # , though a bit more difficult than unityscript in my opinion , will be worth it in the long run . 
  though is this really is your * first * foray into programming at all , i would suggest checking out www.codeacademy.com and doing some of their javascript course , that was one of the first ways i learned programming . 
  do n't feel like you need to finish the whole course either , it 's * long * , but within the first few lessons you should be learning the basics of programming such as defining/setting/modifying variables . 
  i did n't plan on making it this long so i understand if you did n't read through all/any of it since you have a lot of replies , but good luck and if you are looking for help or a group to work with check out / r/gamedevclassifieds, 
  10:49 am : san francisco , california . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ included, 
  this is great !, 
  unfortunately i can totally see how most people would just ignore the situation entirely . 
  you 're a poet and you did n't even know you were !, 
  ^ ^ ^ wait, 
  what 's up with the ending ? 
  seems kind of out of place . 
  i enjoyed this story, 
  i 'm getting on a cross-country southwest flight tomorrow . . 
  i will fight to the death for that seat !, 
  ^ ( probably should n't say flight and death in the same sentence ) ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ nsa, 
  i agree that is definitely why most people probably choose to ignore these situations , they do n't want to be responsible for escalating it into something further . 
  most people on the bus probably never looked up even once so did n't know that the man was actually physically touching these women and probably thought he was just verbally harassing them , not that that is alright , but it 's not as bad . 
  personally i would never insert myself into a situation like the guy in op 's story did unless i was prepared to fight if i needed to , because you ca n't predict how some people will react . 
  it is n't just texas it 's a federal distinction across the us . 
  pizza is 1 serving of vegetables . 
  roosterteeth definitely has the highest amount of trackers i 've seen ghostery pick up on any website , it 's a little odd to be honest . 
  that seems to be the whole point of facebook , it 's a social contest . 
  it 's like digital high school . 
  you should go back to your roots , shit_nobody_says, 
  probably because you guys actually had the balls to secede when you thought the federal government was fucked , trying to save the country you love from a government that 's destroying it is super patriotic . 
  i know nothing of european history , but is this plausible ? 
  can i buy gold from mobile ? 
  out of curiosity , how did you find this comment ? 
  can confirm . 
  source : san francisco, 
  i did n't think of that movie when writing this question , but yeah that 's definitely a solid interpretation . 
  i think in that universe it seems people went to the extreme of anti-alien society and actually forced them into reservations . 
  but there does seem to be a rather consistent trend of giving more rights to more kinds of people over the last hundred years or so . 
  if you compare the rights of african americans , women of all races and homosexuals today to what they were 100 years ago you would see everything is much more equalized , so following that trajectory another 100 years maybe then we would be overly-accepting and ready for visitors !, 
  do n't you think overall the world has been steadily been more accepting of different peoples over the last 100 years or so ? 
  i mean you no longer see blacks being executed in the streets of 1st world countries or people being denied the right to vote based on their gender . 
  so if an unarmed `` civilian '' ship full of say 1 million of them came up to our space port and said they were low on food , you think we would just tell them to fuck off altogether ? 
  i just want to fit in : c, 
  in addition to the valve stuff was there anything else that helped you get started with networking in java ? 
  i 've been creating a couple projects using lwjgl and just basic java and want to try something with networking . 
  i 've created a basic client/server setup before in unity but unity is obviously a lot more built up than java is . 
  i guess what i 'm asking is , knowing next to nothing about java networking is the valve stuff you mentioned really the next step for me to learn from or is there something simpler i should be learning from first ? 
  tell me if this is jaded and ignorant :, 
  is n't the whole point of youtube that anyone in the world can pick up a camera and make something great ? 
  if you are signing contracts with these middlemen then you should be willing to accept the consequences when they fuck up , and not turn it into some huge human rights issue that could have been avoided by just managing your own shit . 
  i 'm in california and have never heard of aldi before , so i guess i 'm wondering : is there anything different between aldi and the stores i already go to like trader joe 's and safeway ? 
  like what 's their claim to fame ? 
  trader joe 's is all about healthfood and safeway delivers groceries and has a big bay area influence . 
   immediate vomiting and diarrhea , intense stomach pain to the point of lying on the ground crying , scalp peeling and cracking to bleeding , scaling of her eyelids and lips . 
  holy shit that 's brutal, 
  yeah it 's obviously nowhere near as extreme as this guy 's wife 's reaction but it 's probably still an intolerance issue and would probably be healthier if those people also avoided gluten or dairy . 
  holy shit i love your username, 
  what 's that ? 
  this picture makes me very uncomfortable . 
  yeah wait . . 
  i 'm not saying this is moral or condoning this behavior at all , but how does the photographer check the sexual orientation of her customers ? 
  could someone just say they are gay to snag a $ 100 discount ? 
  making games outside of the console is 100 % planned for future episodes , i figured that i would just start with console apps in the beginning since they are easier to make and can be completed within the span of a single video . 
  after making a few console games and covering rudimentary java such as nested loops and creating/utilizing methods i will probably start a multi-episode project that either uses native java graphics or lwjgl to make a game with graphics . 
  glad you like it !, 
  that 's great that you 've had success learning from a similar format of lessons , hopefully my series will be just as helpful for people . 
  i could n't decide whether to do rock paper scissors or guess the number for episode 2 but ended up with the latter . 
  the only thing missing that rps would have covered is input which i will probably do next time with tic tac toe . 
  thanks for the feedback !, 
  seriously , all i see in these comments are a bunch of people who should be sent to jelly school . 
  in fact i just got off the phone with jelly school and they 're actually accepting admissions from everyone in this thread . 
  hey thanks a bunch !, 
  hopefully i will only get better . 
  this only really works due to americans pronouncing t 's as d 's in just about every word . 
  i will not feed trolls . 
  if she does n't get married in the first 5 minutes of the movie i 'm gon na be bummed this was spoiled, 
  it 's an inside joke between myself and about 3.7 million other people . 
  the whole weed thing caught me off guard actually since he said in one of his specials he is no longer able to smoke at all . 
   he 's exactly the guy he plays on the show .
