   yes actually it does n't meet the fire in theater test . 
  learn the law . 
  i 'm just going to quote this in case you decide to research anything and realize how dumb you are . 
  good day . 
  he for sure did n't read it before posting , and i 'm having to sort through my inbox of 50 other morons who are posting the same argument . 
  see ? 
  i can post a link without actually reading the page it links to as well . 
   legally, 
  first amendment . 
  obviously i would move my titanium fists in front of my face to deflect any incoming projectiles . 
  yeah you sure would n't want to do anything * bad for you * your whole life , that would be a catastrophe !, 
  if you still have your card check out some of the dispensaries on haight ashbury , most of them will be able to assist you i 'm sure . 
   c'mon guy , i 've got no problem with you , so why are you responding like a dick ? 
  it 's not your fault i just came back to my computer to see 50 people yelling the same thing at me so i hastily replied to all of them without much consideration , sorry . 
  that being said , the shouting fire in a theater example is just repeated so much that it 's a tad annoying when you consider that it actually just plain is n't illegal , and that the constitution defends your right ( in the us ) to free speech in any circumstance . 
  of course nowadays `` terrorism '' is such a vague and manipulated concept that i 'm sure you could go to jail for almost anything that disrupts the normal affairs of a large group of people in public . 
  holy shit can people stop sending this to me , read the god damn article you 're linking !, 
   interestingly , the odds of someone bringing ebola onto a commercial airliner are pretty good , considering it happened last week . 
  bro there were about * 93,000 flights every day * *** in 2008 . 
  *** if you think a 1 in the millions of flights that have occurred since * this outbreak * are `` pretty good odds '' then yeah i guess you 're right . 
  panic your precious little heart out . 
  * facepalm *, 
  read carefully and mmw , that 's all . 
  if anyone is interested i 'll make a quick video showing how to find him and what he 's selling for each class . 
  no voice over bs or asking to like/subscribe annoyingly , just straight info . 
  i do n't buy it, 
   then they decided north americans like hybrids and cvt , not diesels and stick shifts . 
  kind of true, 
  not acting tough , just not allowing myself to be afraid of a word , that 's retarded . 
  is it in the tenderloin ? 
  i feel like that 's where all the strip clubs are in sf, 
  this is too ironic . 
  thats pretty good, 
  [ you look like shit . 
  let the chaos begin . . watch out sf escalator riders !, 
  ^ ( im just joking nsa ), 
  i agree with the sentiment , but i do n't think any guy has seen 1 million naked women in his lifetime . 
  literally the opposite of what redpillers think, 
  man if that was my sentence i would be hammin it up , i 'd tell all my friends to check the news and see me out there with my stupid sign . 
  but i 'm a guy so i 'd probably just go to jail : /, 
  bro you 're pretty much an astronaut, 
  what organization or government is funding your team , do you feel that you are somewhat underfunded ? 
  upvoted because you did n't include the logo of the pizzeria or mention who sold it in the comments , i 'm always skeptical of these types of images . 
  looks cool though !, 
  that 's what happens when you play from australia , mate . 
  wonder if this takes place in the past or the future . 
  you are saying dumb and irrational things , but you have `` doctor '' in your username . 
  my sexist generalizations can not possibly determine what gender you are . 
  i 'm just going to tag you as `` hmm '' and if i stumble upon you again one day perhaps i will have more evidence . 
  i just say `` r slash gaming '' . 
  probably because reddit auto puts the first slash for you when you go to the site . 
  also quoted * we like sports * by the lonely island a couple times, 
  i 'm no scientist but i * am * from california and i feel like replacing a broken heater in antarctica would rate somewhat highly on the list of priorities . 
   are we not really just sleeping in the bed that has been made for us by ~ ~ our own voting choices ~ ~ a political system that thrives on keeping the general public as uninformed and disinterested in political decisions as possible ? 
  ftfy, 
  hmm , so the one thing that government and big corporations fear is the thing that no one has any interest in , what a coincidence . 
  reddit makes me realize just how successful western propaganda is, 
  this is the funniest thing i 've seen all day, 
  you think this dude working in it brokered a deal with the leader of russia to sell state secrets ? 
  like that 's really what you think ? 
  yes , and all i got was this stupid t-shirt . 
  oh really because i 'm pretty sure it was on the front of digg.com, 
   unfortunately ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ the first world is full of generally incurious people who do n't look past the surface on many , many issues . 
  it 's a problem that ~ ~ ca n't ~ ~ can someday be fixed . 
  ^ ftfy, 
  perhaps due in part to the aforementioned propaganda ? 
  if i told you i lived at 2365 n palermo dr , would it be easier for you to travel ( possibly across the world ) to take a picture of my house or would you just type my address into google street view ? 
   anyone can come along and take a picture . 
  makes no fucking sense . 
  ur dum , thats all, 
  i honestly think the show would have worked better as a movie . 
  i mean how many tens of times can you repeat the same 30 minute plot of `` every doctor thinks the issue is x but crazy house thinks it is somehow y , we 'll just go ahead and do x. oh wait , it actually was y. '', 
  by conventional invasion are you imagining something like [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_xr6jd4tlfnq/sfeuiowa4ti/aaaaaaaaaem/mjm10he1wee/s1600-h/cowpens+6-a.jpg ) ? 
  cuz i do n't think that 's how a smaller military would invade the us or russia . 
  why are you putting hashtags after your numbers ?? 
  that is n't a turn of events at all since everyone expects a young dog to turn into an old dog . 
  it would be a turn of events if you expected jackie chan to eat the dogs originally but it turned out he decided to raise them as pets . 
  fucking fuck off with all these pictures reddit , * i ca n't just move to japan !, 
  * that 's like literally across the globe that would be ridiculous the airfare alone is probably like $ 4,000 just to get there . 
  that 's a huge amount of money to just go across the world on a whim , absolutely not possible . 
  edit : okay well i just checked the first airline site on google and apparently it 's only around $ 1,000 but that 's * still * too much i mean i ca n't just leave my apartment here and move to another country i 'd end up on the street !, 
  edit 2 : okay apparently the amount of homeless people in all of japan is just double the homeless population in my city alone . . but still moving across the world , i would have to leave my job , that 's fucking ridiculous no matter how cool . . how beautiful and exciting that country looks ... . . no reddit , i ca n't , stop showing me pictures of japan it is n't fucking happening . 
  i 'm like 6 ' 6 '' , i feel like i would n't fit in in japan . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine an `` unexplored area of porn that could attract the attention of everyone in the developed world '' . 
  edit : also why only in the developed world ? 
  is the theme to do with third world countries , is it ebola porn ? 
  ironic, 
  did he really say that ? 
  i hope he was joking , because otherwise that is some strong hubris to believe real people ca n't possibly dislike your content . 
  which one is the original and which one is op ? 
  youtube does n't track that , but that is a clever idea, 
  netherlands would dislike to leave in the future with your ass unpainted white ? 
  birth ? 
  they should put it underwater right below the bridge, 
  well that 's helpful . 
  i was looking online at their business options and it looked like they had 3 - 4 options available . 
  unfortunately it seemed like there was going to be a $ 15 service charge each month unless the account held a balance of at least $ 3,000 , something i ca n't really do right now since i 'm in college and kind of broke . 
  i 've been making ( a steady , small amount of ) money from my business for a few years now and have recently began seeing a rise in income so am planning on forming an llc and becoming a `` real business '' in a sense . 
  would you mind briefly explaining what the benefits are of having a business bank account at all , and then what are some areas wf are better than their competitors ? 
  sorry if this is too broad but i just figured you 'd be the perfect person to ask so jumped at the opportunity .
