  someone who * gets * it !, 
   i am the guy with two penises, 
  i just read that part of your post . 
  i 'm sorry but i 've already tagged you as ` literally two penises ' , i guess that 's just where we are now . 
  seriously , we 're all people and there 's like 7 billion of us , odds are a lot of us are going to look incredibly similar . 
  i like it, 
  i think the first hint at how common it is in america for other nations would just be porn . 
  how did you get the led 's inside of the balls and then how did you reseal them so that they were water proof ? 
  what ? 
  brb moving to scotland, 
  critical flaw . 
  the seat should be up by default and the lever should make it go down not up . 
  yeah what the fuck , i feel like they should have spent some more time reaching out to people . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , i 'm including amateur porn , in fact i was speaking mostly about it . 
  this guys sister had a psychotic episode immediately after smoking weed . 
  do you think i should have told him `` yeah but the same thing could have happened with alcohol '' or was i right to point him in the direction of information and resources that were actually relevant to what happened ? 
  as someone from the area/industry , i 'm familiar with this article and i 'm not really sure what point of it is . 
  i mean it would obviously never exist if it had n't been for the preconception that most people already have that google is a fantastic place to work at , and so this piece appears to desperately grab at straws with some of the most vague and qualitative data possible , in fact some of the `` worst things '' on the list i 'd actually consider a hefty advantage of working there . 
  but i do n't work for them , so just my 2 cents . 
  [ interesting . 
  ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/ron-burgundy-saying-i-dont-believe-you.gif ), 
  i 'm sure he appreciates your vote of confidence . 
  source ? 
  interesting . 
  i have an honest question and i 'm not sure if you know the answer to it . 
  but where would one go if they wanted to find just porn from britain , or australia or canada ? 
  i feel like i 've never seen a porn website that did n't end in a . com, 
  wow , one of the highest upvote : gold ratios i 've seen . 
  bondage matches, 
  i wonder how deep into my brain ambiguous spongebob quotes are ingrained . 
  it kind of worries me when i can read a sentence like 10 years later and immediately see in my head the video that went with it . 
  risk, 
  `` just kidding ! '', 
  - * amc *, 
  whose that, 
  she 's 28 apparently . 
  if it 's any consolation , i did n't downvote you . 
  [ heck i tell ya !, 
  ] ( http://quizilla.teennick.com/user_images/k/ku/kum/kumikomaeda/1302135599_6542_full.png ), 
   most people do n't really care that the nsa is hacking foreign countries . 
  they do n't really care that the nsa has access to foreign lines of communication . 
  they do n't really care that the nsa can hack iphone apps of terrorists . 
  they do n't really care that the nsa has database tools like prism which collects information from `` upstream '' or foreign sources . 
  they do n't care that the nsa hacked merkel 's phone -- that 's bnd 's fault . 
  they do n't really care that the nsa is collecting non-private metadata phone records , that is verizon 's property , which a judge recently ruled the collection of it as constitutional . 
  they do n't really care that the nsa self-reported that 12 nsa agents spied on their wives and were then referred to the department of justice after being fired . 
  um . . that 's the fucking point ? 
  are you oblivious ? 
  the entire reason behind blacking out sites or inconveniencing people is to make it something they care about . 
  sure someone might not be familiar with the development of prism information but if they try to look up a list of jim carrey 's movies and are instead greeted with a giant message telling people the site is suspended for awareness they are going to want to figure out what the fuck is so important that they ca n't get all that juicy carrey knowledge . 
  google ca n't just shut it 's doors , it has been too ingrained in modern life and now has a social responsibility to continue functioning to some reasonable degree . 
  it would be catastrophic for the general populace as well as google itself . 
  though i agree with the sentiment . 
  this is correct , too many people just hop on the bandwagon of hating on particular news organizations , nbc specifically for the olympics . 
  that being said nbc only allows a certain time limit of watching live events for free before i need to verify that i pay for cable , which i do n't , so i just use hola and watch cbc . 
  so fuck nbc . 
  interesting , i knew it was shorter one way than the other !, 
  and yes it actually was the rt podcast . 
  classic gavin question . 
  i think it 's illegal . 
  why would filing down the serial number matter if you said theres no paper trail ? 
  `` we should n't look down or judge people who ask questions out of ignorance , we should encourage them . 
  the acquisition of new knowledge should be culturally celebrated rather than simply put up with . '', 
  randrew wrendezneczhechk, 
  dead people ca n't talk . 
  did you even read the quote ? 
  / r/sixwordstories, 
  you mean you are n't familiar with wrendezneczhechk 's works ? 
   that 's the point though . 
  it will disrupt work , it will cause a lot of headaches and problems all day , but it 's pretty unlikely that anyone is going to die as a result . 
  it will be an inconvenience that directs attention towards the matter . 
  again , i agree with the idea but i do n't think people realize just how destructive it would be for google to stop their services for three hours , let alone an entire day . 
  google is n't just responsible for looking up facts online , it controls an incredibly large share of browsers meaning people would be unable to access the internet , gmail going down would be detrimental to business leaders , international relations and government authorities who rely on it for e-mail service . 
  beyond online services google now owns nest meaning if they were to truly stop service for a day people would have difficulties controlling the lights , heat , etc. 
  in their own home depending on how it was installed . 
  in the city i live in google delivers groceries to people , meaning people would n't get food that day . 
  i agree with the sentiment but there are numerous other examples and unfortunately ( depending on how you look at it ) google has become much too big to fail , meaning if they were to shutdown all of their services for an entire day it would be absolute chaos , and on the other side google would be fucked as they lose a lot of business to their competitors meaning they would never do it . 
  hooray !, 
  i 've always thought it was `` ren - dez - nehk - bay - slek '' . 
  but maybe it 's a regional pronunciation . 
  in case it gets removed again , others can find it in / r/watchitfortheplot, 
  who ? 
  austere . 
  try rotating it 405 degrees . 
  exactly, 
   a situation where a male driver is chasing two girls could end up quite badly, 
  it did n't even specify the driver 's gender you toolbag, 
  i do n't think the internet wants you to hate anything . 
  i think on the internet you are just exposed to a multitude of people of which a large amount may dislike a certain trend , topic or idea ; but that does n't mean they are trying to enroll you as part of their group . 
  you are n't on the truman show people have their own likes and dislikes . 
   anime, 
   username : seanbroney, 
  right, 
  why expressly state that it would be a bad situation if the car chasing them was driven by a male as opposed to female ? 
  edit : i can downvote you too , you son ^ of ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ bitch !, 
  holy shit is this real life ? 
  edit : how did you even find this ? 
  try being named flope . 
  you just blew my mind, 
  whoever you are i 'm glad the comment you met me on was as intellectual as this and not me being a douche in some embarrassing subreddit .
