  i agree , and the best part would be the audience watching it on tv would literally never see the plot-twists coming !, 
  like all of a sudden while escaping one guy see 's a metallic doorknob , and the next 15 minutes are of him coming to terms with inside-out gravity or some shit !, 
   ha ha ha . 
  hm , that 's an interesting thought . 
  i personally get nauseous sometimes from lsd even without drinking , and me focusing on my nausea usually leads me to a bad trip . 
  maybe it 's best to bite the bullet and throw up and get it over with ? 
  shut up !, 
  shut up !, 
  shut up !, 
  ** shut up !!!!!!, 
  shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up * shut up * *** shut up !!!!!!!!, 
  now skeeter he ai n't hurtin ' nobody . 
  a whole lot of shit that we do/don ' t know about . 
  was worried your scaretactics would not be sufficient . 
  was worried for no reason . 
  is this real life ? 
  wow congratulations !, 
   i 've always heard that 's one of the hardest substances to stop using . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 'm not on any meds atm but will inquire as to what medications i may be put on leading up to and after the surgery if i decide to have it . 
  really the only thing stopping me from the surgery is , i just feel like out of all the ways to go , that has got to be the dumbest for me . 
  purposefully walking into my doom at an operating table , as opposed to skydiving or some shit . 
  woah that 's so inspiring !, 
  i 'm happy everything turned out well for you . 
  unfortunately i know the feeling of every test coming back negative , really dissappointing each time . 
  that 's so awesome that you all of a sudden started getting healthier , must 've been a huge relief . 
  yeah dealing with family is going to be hard , i 've taken the news seemingly much better than my mother / grandmother . 
  what 's stressful in my situation as well is my mom has made it pretty clear that if i am to `` go '' she says she has nothing left to live for . 
  so i am feeling like i now have the responsibility of 2 lives on my shoulders . 
  anyways , thanks for your suggestions , and again congratulations for getting through your own turmoil as well !, 
  basically cardiologists believe i have marfan 's syndrome manifesting itself in two ways that are critical in this situation : enlarged aorta and aortic valve , and poor muscle tissue connectivity ( making it more likely that it will tear ) . 
  the procedure , from my short debriefing today , will involve them replacing what i * believe * is about the top 4 inches of my aorta beginning directly at the valve on my heart with some kind of ... idk plastic-y thing ? 
  they said you may be able to hear a little `` ticking '' inside my chest after the surgery which i 'm not too excited about , but small complaint all things considered . 
  it 's definitely reassuring to hear of your dad 's successes , though i 'm also concerned as he needed the surgery done twice ( ? ), 
  and i will ( assuming all goes well in the first place ) only need it once . 
  / crossesfingers, 
  holy shit man , you 've gone through hell and come out the other side it seems !, 
  just got ta remain positive i guess . 
   good luck with your current situation as well , i have hope it will turn out well !, 
  not out of line at all , thanks for the suggestions !, 
  that 's what i originally thought . 
  but how much can i expect to `` live the $ # !, 
  out of life '' when i probably wo n't be able to drink , go to the gym and have a lot of restrictions that would block most `` stereotypical college experiences '' . 
  note this is n't really a question targeted at you , more just me thinking out loud in rhetoric . 
  anyone know if south park made this joke first ( season 13 , episode 14 ) or louis c.k. ? 
  i was going to prove it was south park and then leave a snarky comment but realized i suck at research and there is a redditor out there infinitely more interested or knowledgeable than i am . 
  oh god so old it hurts !, 
  ahhhh !, 
  he shot him !, 
  matt damon fucking shot him !, 
  opening scene ? 
  no worries , kid was riding his bike around the desert and saw a tarantula , pulls out his trusty jar form his jacket pocket and catches it . 
  this was all before the intro sequence with the periodic table . 
  i 'm surprised no one has mentioned this yet , but ** inception !, 
  ** the whole point of the movie is to enter this guy 's dream and subliminally convince him to dissolve his father 's business , right ? 
  well , they construct this super-elaborate plan that involves multiple dreams within dreams in order to convince him to do this . 
  alright , fine . 
  well after the movie was over and i went home , let 's just say i did a bit of `` research '' and as it turns out the technology to physically transport your persona into people 's dreams does n't even really exist !, 
  seriously such a cop-out by the writers , kinda disappointed . 
  edit : i guess my sarcasm is the kind that reddit deserves , but not necessarily the kind it needs right now . 
  yeah that was more or less the point i was trying to make . 
  my comment was meant to be an analogy for how 90 % of the posts in this thread are kind of knitpicking things that do n't really matter . 
  guess my sense of humor is too * whooshy *, 
  celebrities !, 
  they 're just like us !, 
  no , wooshed wooshed wooshed . 
  edit : i 'll take my karma like a man !, 
  king ... . . philip ... came . over . . for ... . good . . soup, 
  kingdom , phylum , class , order , family , genus , species, 
  edit : added periods to make it simpler to see which matched with which . 
  ** this shit right here !, 
  ** everything about this comment makes me angry as soon as i see it !, 
  it 's regurgitated in the comments of every . 
  single . 
  link . 
  why do n't you just have a seat right over here mr. clockwork . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're upper comment is being downvoted either , you 'd think / r/trees would have more understanding when someone is genuinely interested in drug safety information . 
  the reason mortixer was incorrect in saying that it is easy to `` take too much '' of lsd is because much like marijuana there have been no negative physiological effects linked to the consumption of lsd lasting a significant amount of time after the `` trip '' expires ( those that were have been disproven ) . 
  typically , i 'd say 95 % of the time in my neck of the woods in southern california , a `` hit '' of lsd will come on a piece of paper called a tab , which has had lsd dropped onto it and absorbed into the paper , which is then orally ingested . 
  a typical tab has around 120 micrograms of lsd on average . 
  although there have been no confirmed deaths of lsd overdose , it is * believed * that a potentially fatal dose could be in the ballpark of 200,000 micrograms . 
  ( that would be the equivalent of ingesting over 1,600 tabs of acid ) . 
  if you have any more questions or feel that i may be mistaken feel free to ask . 
  most of this information can be found on the wikipedia page for lsd though . 
  i have a question . 
  * swim * has dropped acid and done shrooms ~ 8 times total , 4 each respectively . 
  each time it has been 1 or 2 tabs , or just over an eighth of shrooms . 
  i 've found myself wondering before , what the fuck does 30 tabs feel like ? 
  i want to try it but at the same time i feel like having a bad trip at that point would just be absolute `` brain death '' . 
  ( of course i mean figuratively , lsd would n't be able to cause actual neurological harm especially at that low of a dose all things considered ) but what i 'm getting at is , i do n't see myself being able to even form a comprehensive thought on that haha . 
  a bad trip at that point would have to be traumatizing . 
  less physiological harm done than marijuana , and lower dependence as well . 
  erowid is a good source of info usually or if you 're just looking for some quick facts the wikipedia page on lsd is very unbiased . 
  what dose did you take to experience these things ? 
  speaking as somebody who has done both , i * personally * found mushrooms to be a much more powerful trip . 
  they are both similar yet each have their nuances . 
  i say personally because as i 'm sure you know with shroom experience psychedellics effect everyone very differently , but for me the main differences would be :, 
  - acid seems `` speedier '' than shrooms . 
  like you have just unlocked a pool of infinite energy waiting to bound out of you and propelling you forward unto this new earth . 
  - i always feel much more `` in control '' of my trip on acid than shrooms .
