  if any future redditors from months down the line come across this petty squabble , let us know who is right . 
  sorry man , today the concensus seems to be against you . 
  i see your point though . 
  this would have really been great if they had waited until school was back in session as a lot of college students would probably make up the largest demographic protesting . 
  probably because everyone knows there is no fucking way facebook will be around in 50-80 years . 
  my bet is it will become myspace in 2.5 - 7 years . 
  you heard it here first !, 
  i think he was referring to the accident, 
   his writing style/essay structure makes his ideals very accessible, 
  here is a quote from the introduction :, 
   the traditional norms of gender are ultimately predicated on the subject-object dichotomy , with manhood conceptualized as a precarious social status that is earned and validated and reinforced via actions producing specific outcomes , and womanhood conceptualized as an innate property of female individuals . 
  maybe i 'm just tired , but i would n't call something so verbose * easily * accessible . 
  just a warning to anyone interested , its very heavy reading . 
  i am in a panda express, 
  haha just rewatched this episode , it 's one of my top 10 . 
  are you me ? 
  that 's a good point haha, 
  did they end up winning the $ 1 mil ? 
   eye contact . 
  this is huge . 
  sometimes i just want to lean my head back and enjoy it , and do n't want her to think that because i 'm not staring into her soul while she sucks my dick she 's doing a bad job . 
  also sometimes it 's 2 - 2 and my team needs me to kill the flag carrier . 
  wait what, 
  hmm , i 'm pretty sure anyone would throw up from that . 
  are you saying there 's no reason to get a degree for a career in computer science ? 
  . . you do n't kill spiders ? 
   i like funny responces to typos like / r/redphalcon, 
  for anyone else wondering , no / r/redphalcon is not a real subreddit . 
  seriously ** this ** . 
  so women are supposed to actually * put the toilet seat down before sitting ? 
  check your god damn privilege , cis scum . 
  brilliant, 
  [ this is me , not very recent but whatever . 
   ] ( http://www.fabioifc.com/2009_folder/fabio-1994-calendar/fabio-full-bike-shot-1994-web.jpg ), 
  holy shit !, 
  he played * art hipster * # * 3 * in ** scooby doo !, 
  ** i always knew that hipster had talent but i had no idea !, 
  neither are you, 
  if you really do n't see a difference , you do n't have to check . 
  i 'm telling you you 're colorblind, 
  increases gdp, 
  that 's because austin is n't * really * part of tx it 's just located in it . 
  i wish my house was 60 seconds from a supermarket : c, 
  be thankful you have a safety net that allows you to fuck up financially and still go to school . 
  my freshman year of college i exhausted my financial aid with 3 weeks left in the semester due to a transaction error that was the school 's fault . 
  i did n't eat for ~ 3 days and could just drink mass quantities of water from the tap before i found a local food bank . 
  no you 're right , his * whoosh * was fucking retarded not to mention every * whoosh * is fucking cringey . 
  everything is a repost . 
  even all of the comments are reposted on every other link , people should actually just stop pointing it out because it makes the inference that there is any original content . 
  next day must have been so awkward . 
  she politely but firmly said , `` no thank you '', 
  haha i logged in to say this, 
  now i really think she was the one on the right . 
  what lake is this , op ? 
   huffing accident , whitehall pa , 1999, 
  interestingly enough if you google this the first result is this post, 
  where is / u/linkfixerbot when you need him ? 
  hahahahahaha funny basketball video , speaking of videos try this one on for size !, 
  thank you , i would 've said this myself but did n't want to be rude haha , i guess some people just immediately complain . 
  / r/pocketsand would love you . 
  stop trying to make vine happen, 
  out of curiosity , what made him creepy ? 
  enlighten me, 
  edit : and respond to my comment , not those other two nerds or i 'll forget and never learn what you mean, 
  i admit i was nervous you would say his height , since i feel like a lot of much taller gentlemen are labelled creepy because of it . 
  relieved to hear otherwise !, 
   i 'm 6 ' 6, 
  they could have committed a crime and never been caught, 
  same : /, 
   your a mute . 
  sorry kind of a grammar nazi but ,, 
  * your should be capitalized . 
  if an exact copy of me crops up on the other side i do n't give a fuck if i get shot in the head . 
  edit : wait . . 
  what, 
   just treat the cashier like a human and they wo n't judge you, 
  one of my best friends has worked at spencers for about 4 years . 
  whenever i ask him what the most interesting thing that 's happened recently at work it 's always about an employee getting fired or someone we know walking in . 
  i imagine he sees people buy all sorts of things hundreds of times a day that it is honestly completely normal , and apparently boring . 
  you saw it here ~ 3 - 5 days ago , i believe it was the top question in an ama in / r/science regarding a scientist who had successfully altered memories of a rat . 
  i however am too lazy to verify for specifically find the post ( hence no link , i 'm afraid ), 
  are you from the bay area ? 
  i was actually hoping for the bot that comes in whenever someone says `` what '' to repeat what the person said . 
  where are all the good bots going ? 
  thank you, 
  yeah , it 's rough . 
  it was at negative karma for a bit there in the beginning , luckily some kind folk found solace in my terribly dry humor . 
  are you male or female , op ? 
  / r/pocketsand, 
   i 'm at the mid range of average, 
  you know we have a word for that, 
  half of the people there think it 's all satire , and the other half actually are there for advice and sharing experiences , and they both are unaware of the other half 's existence . 
  it 's real great i 've been a long time subscriber . 
  i knew a better man than i would deliver . 
  thank you . 
  many miles per hour , indeed !, 
  the other bay area ? 
  i did n't really want to be the one to tell you , but if your towels squeak i think you are a fucking psycho . 
  are you serious ? 
  i would be terrified of taking lsd while in significant pain .
