  had no idea he died :( . 
  but also holy shit , he was 93 when he died . 
  he was playing a jedi sith in his mid-80s and according to wikipedia was a wwii vet , what a fucking badass . 
  dear lord the writer just completely threw punctuation out the window with this sentence :, 
   because they 're a massive , entity that , in terms of audience numbers for original , premium content , deserves to be in the conversation with hbo now or amazon prime , if not netflix , but they 're also an operation where the people at the top are also the top people making creative decisions , and they 've never disappointed their audience with those decisions -- they 're not playing with house money , but they 're definitely riding an unprecedented hot streak that 's more than a decade deep at this point . 
  lol i played for like 10 seconds and it told me to buy the full game to continue . 
  ah well , i already have it on xbox anyways . 
  . . is it on the right ? 
  damn i held out long enough but you 've convinced me , i 'm gon na go out and buy some toothpaste !, 
   only source is a dead link . 
  it 's not a dead link , [ it 's the journal of the american medicine association . . ] ( http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=378199 ), 
  here 's a choice quote : `` as well as causing severe pulmonary damage , cs can also significantly damage the heart and liver . '', 
  this one 's always the scariest , i have a friend who was there . 
  i do n't know why this comment is being downvoted , you 're totally right that people say that . 
  i could n't even watch the whole thing , how embarrassing . 
  weird to see a girl in a skirt and a woman in a hijab in the same photo . 
  i 'm not sure what part of the picture i 'm supposed to be looking at here can you make it clearer ? 
  no i 'm looking for one of baseball , i swear it came out in the last like 2 weeks but i ca n't find it . 
  maybe i 'm going crazy . 
  thanks anyways . 
  that 's all i 'm finding on youtube but i couldve sworn one came out in the last like few weeks . 
  driving me mad . 
  perfectly explained . 
  never seen that thanks !, 
  but it is how you spell conumdrum . 
  hmm . . quite the conoondroom here . 
  i love your username . 
  never seen the simpsons , which episode is it, 
  actually population is going down quickly in developed nations and may even cause underpopulation issues within the next 20 years depending on the current generation 's reproduction rates . 
  quite a different story from what we were told in 2011 about how the world was gon na explode because omg too many people !, 
  we 'll see what science thinks in another 4 years . 
  then how come all the words on the screen are in english ? 
  explain that , * mr. 
  scientist !!, 
  you probably have this knowledge in part due to the 2004 tsunami which was absolutely devastating and stayed at the front of the news for a year . 
  i love bill burr , do you know what special this is from ? 
  bill burr is a comedian , i do n't think he actually wants people to die . . 
  well the 2004 and 2011 tsunamis both rank in the top 10 most destructive of all time , the next most recent one in that list was sanriku , japan in 1896 . . 
  sorry for thinking you were under 120 years old , clearly your intelligence spans centuries . 
  imaginary . 
  the guys they disagree with are chilling in the ground , not their homes . 
  the drug war is insanity , but there 's no point in picking and choosing which drugs you are/aren ' t okay with . 
  that 's what got us into this mess . 
  all drugs should be legalized , and every time that 's happened we 've seen a significant drop in overdoses / addiction rates to `` hard '' drugs like heroin . 
  almost like some kind of . . cartel . . if you will . 
  this is based on a ted talk by the same name , just fyi so people have a choice on how they consume the content . 
  edit : and by `` based on '' it 's actually word for word , i 've run into this channel before on youtube . 
  i 'm pretty sure that term was being tossed around quite often before the game even came out . 
  though maybe you could give him `` nolanbot '' , not sure that one caught on though . 
  woah i just watched the video of it happening for the first time , ryan barely even pushed her . 
  like he gently nudged her back and it looked more like she tripped on something , i hope he does n't blame himself for this . 
  [ here are the two cities compared . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+states&amp;country2=united+states&amp;city1=san+francisco%2c+ca&amp;city2=oakland%2c+ca ), 
  austin really is the sf of texas . 
  as someone who went to college in sf and now lives in sd , i 'm okay with this . 
  there 's not really a set minimum but yeah they 're always delayed by some amount of time . 
  usually a huge spike , such as a 2 day old video hitting the front page of reddit , will cause a larger delay . 
  i feel sick . 
  walmart 's headquarters are in bentonville , arkansas . 
  but that 'd be neat if it was somewhere else . 
  [ because this ] ( http://www.tkcs-collins.com/truman/monopoly/monop.gif ), 
  you 're right we should just ignore france and pretend we did n't see anything happen . 
  too little too late . 
  but it is a country , as in , if you google a list of countries in the world the uae will be listed . 
  just explaining for anyone who happens upon these comments . 
  it is right next to saudi arabia and qatar which are the two other countries that started this comment chain . 
   those 3 countries are huge when it comes to their businesses and their finances . 
  you 're talking about different people . 
   saudi arabia is america 's most important ally, 
  how in the world did this get 30 upvotes . 
  this is just plain false , and is easily refuted with * very light * googling . 
  it ranks ridiculously low on `` importance of allies '' ( if such a list were to exist ) that it 's not even our best ally in the middle east . 
  in fact , it * borders * israel which we are giving billions to annually to support their military and defense from neighboring nations . 
  a man named adolf failed out of art school . 
  one thing led to another , and the united states dropped two atomic bombs on the sovereign nation of japan . 
  just like how as long as americans keep eating at mcdonalds they support the invasion of iraq . 
  or maybe , you know , people can believe in one thing without necessarily supporting another . 
  pretty crazy idea i know . 
  you 're right we should invade france . 
  we 're all just dust in the wind . 
  glad we agree , ca n't imagine who is downvoting us . 
  pity the fool !, 
  oh wow , -160 votes for suggesting people tell their mothers they love them . 
  i weep for the mothers of redditors out there haha , i 'm going to call mine right now . 
   what makes it even more infuriating is that its hard to get revenge on these kind of people since they actually want to die, 
  maybe we should n't be focusing on `` revenge '' then , and instead on how we can prevent further attacks ? 
  so did a lot of the united states , but you would n't say an attack on the us was an attack on france . 
   we are killing each other over some crazy scribblings written by half-mad religious fanatics in some desert backwater, 
   a woman was clinging to the window of the bataclan , on the second floor . 
  i thought of those images from september 11 . 
  that part really stuck out to me . 
  it 's interesting how terror attacks can all seem so recognizable . 
  or make their cause not worth dying for . 
   i sincerely hope a league of western nations wipes isis off the face of the earth . 
  it 's funny how we 've just kind of decided as a world that killing in the name of religion is wrong but killing in the name of politics/states is okay . 
  ugh reddit is too much sometimes . 
  porridge entices many dear apple salesmen, 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  will he be able to play ranked with me and others who own the base and every expansion ? 
  i thought all the ranked multiplayer players were in the same pool regardless of expansion .
