  if she 's not a regular fuck than it 's for sure not worth it . 
  the patch did definitely improve things but nothing is 100 % fixed , still mm issues but a step in the right direction . 
  have fun tonight !, 
  be patient , so far my experience has been a noticeable improvement in match times / team makeup , but be aware ( for me at least ) matches are still taking 3 - 5 minutes to find , so do n't give up right away !, 
  everyone on my team apparently . 
  trust me , even when it works as intended the halo 4 campaign is awful . 
  why is all this shit getting removed ? 
  did you remove it ? 
  people in this subreddit have the attention span of a hamster . 
  they 're so eagerly saying `` holy shit guys i got to play two fucking matches in a row the game must be fixed ! '', 
  before trying to play a third and realizing no , they will not be able to do that , and then the cycle repeats for the next patch which will ` fix everything ' . 
  it happened right after launch , it happened when they consolidated the playlists , it 's happening now and it will happen again next week for the `` real patch '' . 
  343 blows , even if everything worked perfectly it 's still just microsoft squeezing money out of a cash bag they did n't even create , no fucking wonder they do n't know how to fix it . 
  smh, 
  your main post text just says [ removed ], 
  ** halo 4 campaign spoilers below !, 
  honestly the gameplay was alright to me , i just absolutely could not believe how terrible the story was . 
  of course this is obviously just my opinion , i know some people liked it . 
  but i think the sexualizing/romanticizing of cortana was downright retarded , halo has never been about a love story and some of the lines she said were laid on soooo thick it made me uncomfortable . 
  i get that maybe the ends justified the means , i.e. 
  they wanted to force people to care about her as if she were a person so they would feel something when she died , but the entire thing seemed really heavy handed and . . 
  i hate this word really , but cringey . 
  shit [ like this ] ( http://youtu.be/jk0i8joonsg?t=4m22s ) , my lord . 
  edit : to add on to that another nuance of the campaign that put a bad taste in my mouth is what a fucking blabbermouth they made the chief . 
  he used to but a strong , silent type but now he 's got ta mouth off some ` badass ' thing every time he talks to other characters . 
  oh and then showing his face at the end when bungie purposely hid it for 12 years was fucking retarded . 
  edit 2 : no replies but 3 downvotes , that 's about the level of discourse i 'd expect from the younglings who love halo 4 . 
  not that it makes any difference tbh . 
  wish i 'd seen updates 2 & 3 before being one of the first to upvote this , you pussy . 
  holy shit i did not see that ending coming !, 
  seriously i will have absolutely zero sympathy for people who come on this sub at midnight for halo 5 's launch complaining how none of the shit works . 
  fucking refuse to pay the $ 60 + for their shitty game and do n't let bungie 's legacy be used to market you games made by different people . 
  yeah but they also see the halo 5 preorders climbing exponentially faster than the amount of people cancelling them . 
  people need to really put their money where their mouth is , if this sub is flooded with people at midnight for the halo 5 launch complaining how shit does n't work , i will have zero fucking sympathy . 
  not directly , are you saying you think more people are cancelling halo 5 preorders than making them ? 
  what i meant is in my line of work i deal with them occasionally and am in infrequent contact with their pr team , but not enough to know anything about the specific preorder numbers the public would n't . 
  it only cost $ 240 and is half the frame rate !, 
  i know [ support 's name ] is a fake and not very uncommon name but since you 've included the timestamps you may wish to censor the name so she does n't get canned for accidentally revealing something she was n't supposed to . 
  just a thought , and that 's very interesting . 
  i am with you that whatever ` giveaway ' in-game it could be it wo n't make up for the broken game , with one exception . . if they announce that the first dlc map pack which would otherwise have costed  $ 10 will be free , that 'd make me feel a bit better and have more patience . 
  but if it 's just an armor permutation holyfuckingshit . 
  luckily for you / r/pcmasterrace has no power here . 
  09:19:28 yeah but even sometimes when if understood is the helping person does n't much always inspire greatest confidence in the . 
  only thing that would actually make me feel better is a free map ( s ) . 
  if it 's a fucking armor permutation or emblem i 'm gon na be peeved . 
  if there 's one thing mcc has taught me . . it 's to never , ever , be excited . 
  how do you feel about roosterteeth being acquired by fullscreen ? 
  luckily when ( if ) the game is actually working the quitters will sort themselves out in the trueskill ranking system of mcc , so once you break through that first bubble to say level 20 or so your experience should be much better . 
  wait , i thought this was a petition to go back to the og way it used to be , i 'm so far behind . 
  so they got rid of the baby loot system where everyone 's a winner every boss ? 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  is there a rival petition that can tell them they made the right choice in removing it ? 
  i 'm not sure how close you are with your child 's teacher , but something you might consider doing is giving the teacher a few of your daughter 's absolute favorite snack that she * can * eat , and just request the teacher to give her that in the event that everyone is eating cupcakes for a birthday or some other reason . 
  then maybe instead of sitting there doing nothing while others are eating she could say something like `` yeah i like these better than cupcakes '' if someone asks . 
  i do n't know , just a thought !, 
   var agree = true ;, 
  if i 'm not mistaken they worked together with certain affinity to make the h2a maps . 
  i would actually be surprised if they * did n't * end up offering more h2a maps as paid dlc in the future . 
  same here as dps , sorry guys but you 'll all just have to wait a bit longer . 
  ^ my ^ ^ opinion ^ ^ ^ matters ^ ^ ^ ^ too !, 
  you know what they say about intelligence , all you need to measure it is a children 's toy . 
  really do you have a source ? 
  not that i do n't believe you but would love to know the context . 
  even so i 'd bet money that through the work of * some * studio there will be dlc for mcc . 
   oh man , / r/nofap [ 1 ] is one of the darkest corners of reddit . 
  there 's really nothing inherently wrong with the sub itself . 
  it 's just about people trying to better themselves , usually due to the fact that many of the members have trouble with porn or sex addiction . 
  of course there are a few bad apples that make it seem like some crazy cult but every sub has those , it does n't mean the entire place is filled with weirdos though . 
  i think this same kind of offhand judgement is what happens to places like / r/mensrights , where most of the posts are very reasonable and positive but people just cling on to the one out of 100 that say women are evil and say the place is full of idiots . 
  pretty sure the vast majority of rt/ah 's audience is under 27 years old bro . . 
  well obama is fine right now at his secret base in the middle east , it 's his body double that is back in washington doing the speeches while he secretly is stripping away all of our rights . 
  soon they 're going to come for the elderly , the sick , anyone who can not work and euthanize them or take them to fema camps , but this is only after they manufacture an ebola vaccine exclusive to government officials in order to control the population . 
  i mean fuck dude , do you even reed ? 
  i mean . . one out of the three really does n't seem like some outlandish totally impossible idea . . it 's not like there are n't entire wikipedia articles about worse shit the us has done in the past to further it 's political agenda . 
  do you . . do you really think lizards do n't need food to live ? 
  i 'd be okay with permanently squelching certain classes . 
  i mean . . 
  that 's another point for 343 bringing their total to . . -219 !, 
  what was it ? 
  what did he say ? 
  they will continue normal ad reads . . 
  44 % of people are pre-ordering halo 5 , and that is why this kind of horseshit will never change or be fixed . 
   i work a full time 3-11 job, 
  is that like a rival gas station to 7-11 ? 
  because i honestly feel like 343 is a very unvetted , poor game developer that undeservingly is credited as being a aaa company only because they 're piggy backing on the work of a totally different studio ( bungie ) . 
  everything 343 has made themselves i have hated ( halo 4 , halo channel app , spartan assault , and now their part of mcc ) . 
  it 's unfortunate i will need to buy their games for my job as i really do not at all want to support such a shitty company who exists purely to milk a dedicated fan base of their money by taking advantage of their love of a franchise made by another developer . 
  from a gameplay perspective , halo 5 looks more like halo 4 than it does 1 , 2 or 3 so it 's just not my cup of tea regardless of who made it . 
  they 're turning halo into a game that is so similar to call of duty that i 'd honestly just rather play cod since they 're doing it better . 
  back when halo was actually a distinct shooter and did n't desperately try to include the same aspects as every other franchise to appeal to as wide of an audience as possible , it was fun . 
  now , it 's just a numbers game for them . 
  halo mcc , halo 4 , halo spartan assault, 
  could you give an example ? 
  personally i agree with the poster above , 343 was responsible for such a small portion of the overall mcc ( i.e. 
  the menus , ui , matchmaking ) and it looks like it was created by a 2 man indie studio . 
  spelling errors , incorrect descriptions , joining mm games and being booted from them , forge maps disappearing , connectivity issues , broken ranking system . 
  it 's seriously unbelievable what a pile of shit it is . 
  i 've been a part of many game launches , and though some of them have been huge letdowns , none of them have shown such a spectacular lack of regard for the quality of the product as 343 . 
  i honestly do n't know how the people working there have any morale knowing they shipped such a broken , shitty product . 
  i 'm interested in why people are pre-ordering halo 5 , i mean what the fuck people ?
