  personally i think both of my definitions are better anyways , so fuck you , world !, 
  wait . . 
  blizzard has has made some pretty significant changes and additions to the cooking profession , including a very popular hub in the valley of four winds where players can set up their own phased `` farm '' to cultivate cooking materials . 
  you 've got mail !, 
  or just , you know , act like an adult and tell the guy you are n't interested in being friends and stop messaging . 
  if the girl does n't like confrontation then she is going to have a lot more problems in life than some weirdo messaging her online . 
  managing online personas with options like `` block '' and `` ignore '' just teach people that they can literally block out or ignore anything they please and it will go away instead of actually doing anything about it or dealing with the issue responsibly . 
  and i really do n't think it 's more likely for the guy to get * more * aggressive after being told no . 
  how often does that happen compared to okay.jpg, 
  no that 's hawkeye . 
  hockey is what the first non-silent films were called . 
  i came in here to make sure this is at the top . 
  to anyone inexperienced and thinking of doing `` shrooms '' for the first time , this is not the mushroom that people are referring to 99 % of the time . 
  psilocybin mushrooms are a * psychedelic * . 
  ( relatively predictable effects ), 
  amanita muscaria is a * deleriant * . 
  ( risky , only attempt if experienced and knowledgeable ), 
  what makes amanita less appealing to newcomers ? 
  both of them are hallucinogens , and both of them will provide similar physiological and psychological effects , ** however ** : since amanita muscaria is a deleriant , these hallucinations will also be accompanied by delusions that they are real , which can lead to absolute terror if you are unprepared . 
  another reason is that they are somewhat * poisonous * if eaten raw after finding them in the wild . 
  edit : i personally can not verify this method , but for those looking at what is required to properly prepare amanita muscaria , check out [ xoodumbluckoox 's post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/15x7px/amanita_muscaria_gif/c7qswvz ) in this thread as he seems to have experience with amanita ingestion . 
  you 've never heard someone say , `` bats are n't cute '' ? 
  holy shit i did n't realize how long ago 2002 was until this comment . 
  no sarcasm , it seems like it was n't more than a decade ago . 
  idiot . 
  hey i 'm about to start my second semester , first year at sfsu and i 'm also looking to take classes geared towards game programming . 
  since i 'm about to sign up for next semester 's courses tonight/tomorrow , do you have any recommendations on where to start from what 's currently listed ? 
  it says intro to computer prog . 
  is mandatory for almost everything so i 'm adding that i suppose , even though i probably already know all of the material covered . 
  tl ; dr : i have taught myself a lot about programming in html , java , javascript and c # over the last year but ca n't find any courses in these that do n't have stupid prerequisites . 
  `` oh sorry you were stereotyping another group , not my own . 
  carry on . '', 
  clever , but you know that people are actually for real seriously animals , right ? 
  here is the base if anyone wanted to make their own reddit teacher, 
  i do n't know what it feels like to be complimented on my looks from random strangers so i 'm not sure if this will be construed as creepy or weird or what have you , but you are literally the most attractive woman i have ever seen . 
  i feel like i just had to say that . 
  edit : also if you do n't mind me asking what finally worked for clearing up your acne ? 
  when i was going through it i found almost nothing helped . 
  if i have already had the ending spoiled for me is it still worth watching ? 
  skylanders is fucking sweet and anyone who disagrees has n't played it . 
  last year i was a senior in highschool and was renting a room in a house near my school . 
  my landlord and his friends from work would come over and play in the living room , they gave me a character to play too it was awesome . 
  the game does a terrific job of appealing to older audiences ( higher than their age 5 marketed audience ) who just want to get drunk and battle the shit out of ghosts and dragons with their buddies . 
  you mean last year ? 
  i do n't get it so is 9gag like the exact same thing as reddit then ? 
  if so why do people browse both , if the content of one will inevitably be resubmitted to the other ? 
  billy baxter is his real name if anyone was wondering , video is worth a watch as well . 
  wait so , are you saying that it requires no pre-reqs as long as you take math 226 at the same time ? 
  i guess it does n't matter immediately anymore , as i 've now already picked my schedule and it 's pretty sweet . 
  but i 'd still like to know for the next semester, 
  does n't it also say though that math 109 with a c or higher is required ? 
  that 's what i 'm wondering about , since i 've never taken math 109 but my elm was high enough to get me into math 110 , is that considered taking math 109 and getting a c or higher ? 
  thanks for the help !, 
  yeah i 've had trouble finding a few things on the site , i feel like it could definitely be better organized to make it more intuitive to new users . 
  the thread is asking what most people can do to exercise their rights . 
  i do n't know about most people but i personally do n't have a close family member who is a police chief in my city . 
  people were probably downvoting because the thread is asking for tips on protecting your freedoms not references to reddit 's fotm show . 
  it obviously was . 
  which is surprising as usually a shopped image posted to / r/pics wo n't hit the front page without the top comment pointing out that it 's photoshopped . 
  but honestly . 
  where was the gopro attached , his foot ? 
  it obviously was n't a surfboard as it was underwater and the angle it 's facing would be impossible . 
  in addition to that , who the fuck goes back and rewatches hours of a surf session on there computer and happens to pause on the frame that a barely visible shark is seen at the bottom of the screen, 
  op could have at least chosen a stock image of a shark that was n't on the first page of google images . 
  although i guess he did n't really have to since every idiot on reddit just upvoted him, 
  wow !, 
  i totally thought every muslim on the planet helped bomb the world trade center !, 
  thanks for clearing the smoke so my stupid brain could see the truth !, 
  how would you feel if i replied to you and said :, 
  why he 's being downvoted i 'm not sure . 
  i think what he said was well put . 
  ugh why does reddit like this show, 
  the way you see middle school now is the way you will see high school from college . 
  let this guide you when you are stressing the fuck out over not getting invited to a party last weekend or missing an assignment in biology . 
  * whore !, 
  an avatar fan !, 
  hooray !, 
  / r/thelastairbender, 
  of course she is doing what girls always do in online photos and pushing her arms together to make her boobs look bigger . 
  are you serious ? 
  if you guys want to see more you can check out his youtube channel as well !, 
  this is a fucking fantastic idea . 
  perhaps stalking could be punishable if the victim has already filed for a restraining order , but what is illegal about going up to people and telling them to wake up ? 
  that 's common knowledge . 
  til, 
  i especially liked their reimagining of zangarmarsh in the [ second to last picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mgv7dh.jpg ) . 
  that 's what i do on rollercoasters . 
  plot twist : plottwistplottwistplottwistredditredditplottwistyouknowwherethispostwasgoinganywaysplottwist, 
  [ haha yeah , here you go  ] ( http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/4286-kill-yourself.jpg ), 
  coke has one hell of a marketing team . 
  what, 
  do you really feel that way ? 
  * edited due to leading question, 
  huh . 
  it 's nice to see he can still live his life without having to have protection around him all the time , but something in the back of my brain is telling me that andicotsteel and any other joe schmoe ca n't just walk up to this $ 66 billion man on the street without some provisions in place , visible or not . 
  wow i must 've just skimmed it . 
  thanks for explaining instead of just a * whoosh * that would have left me confused haha, 
  if i said you have a nice dick you would n't say `` but it 's attached to something else so therefore i have a nice abdomen ! '', 
  if i wanted my reddit post critiqued by a 22 year old who never went to college i would have put it in the job listings of my newspaper . 
  ( better ?
