  i 'm in total agreeance with you , the best thing 343 could do is just make bungie 's games playable on new platforms . 
  i just think looking at their two releases so far it 's preposterous to exclaim that `` 343 is doing a great job '' since they have brought 0 innovation to the market , which is sad to see after all of the seminal ideas that made the halo series great . 
  if she did n't want her vagina on the front page of reddit she should have dressed less provocatively !, 
  that one right there, 
  i downvote shit on the front page all the time , til most people do n't . 
  if anything i 'm much more likely to downvote something i see on r/all than a specific sub because i believe there should be a standard for content with thousands of upvotes . 
  obviously advice animals throws this out the window . 
   deep down a lot of people are creeps, 
  seriously !, 
  if i found out my boyfriend wanted to see a famous actress without her clothes on i would kill him !!, 
  what a creeper !!, 
  lol, 
  you 're really stoked on that ` zero-sum game ' phrase , did you recently read it somewhere ? 
  you 're complaining about racism and pinning it on one race , idiot . 
  everyone is different but looking at images is `` weird '' . 
  okay . 
  yeah it 's pretty weird . 
   more likely be creeped by the comments, 
  lol `` more likely '' , implying 99 % of the time anyone is called creepy it is n't by a female . 
  i 'm able to get off fine even if what i 'm getting off to does n't move , just ask my girlfriend . 
  if you love em so much why do n't you marry him . 
  she means she got someone in trouble . 
  hopefully they taught that kid that looking at naked women is wrong and kicked him out of school . 
  false equivalency . 
  you 're tellin me . 
  i thought that strahovski was that famous summer olympian sprinter everyone kept fawning over . 
  no no no , i know her she 's cute with the disappointed face . 
  there was a runner who was warming up on the track , i still see the gif posted around reddit occasionally . 
  oh well i 'll find out one day . 
   another nuclearbiologicalchemical detector system . 
  what is there that 's important in jeffersonville , indiana ? 
  even better it 's 1gb, 
  $ 2 - $ 4 per 1,000 views ? 
  that 's is very very rarely true . 
  maybe if you 're sponsored by audible but i can say from experience the rates are generally lower than that . 
  are there any with hdmi input ? 
  i 'm sure she 'll be fine , western media likes to pick and choose and exaggerate things so that we can always know that if we left our country or coalition of countries we would be much worse off . 
  dang a 4 bedroom house to yourself . 
  you know i 'm actually looking to rent a room somewhere , maybe we could hang out so you are n't so bored all the time . 
  i 'm 21 and a dude by the way . 
  anyways hit me up . 
  i think you 're lost . 
  hey guys !, 
  are n't they the same thing ? 
   some decent ( nsfw/l ) references here, 
  the amount of spelling errors on this page absolutely terrifies me . 
   it especially affects girls for obvious physical strength reasons . 
  watch your step shitlord, 
  because you 're a lunatic ? 
   by the fault of another 's idiocy . 
  i mean . . you could just take a shot like a normal human being without requesting it be on fire . 
  the entire allure is that fire is dangerous . 
  \\  mfw its 2014 and people still go outside, 
  that 's weird i 'm the exact opposite . 
  i 'm sorry but microsoft 's two biggest products this quarter are destiny and master chief collection , and there is no way in hell they will release the beta for one just a couple days after the release date of the other . 
  you can nitpick all you want but it should be very clear to you and everyone else that these two events will simply not happen within the same 5 day period . 
   i feel like even if they did slap a procedurally-generated boss on every world , that would n't remain compelling or hold anyone 's interest for long . 
  there 's a sentence that would 've blown my mind 6 years ago . 
  exactly , i 'm looking at you indian people . 
  oh my god we are part of the same 50 % of the population , such elite club !, 
  upvotes !, 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  i highly doubt the man would have ever injured the child , it was clearly his only bargaining chip and the mob of officers following 4 feet away from him were doing more harm than good honestly . 
  not him, 
  fireteams are only 3 people ? 
  thought they were 6 . 
  iirc the chess pieces ' attack/hp scaled with your gear , so at 70 you were pretty squishy and would end up losing a bunch of pieces almost every time . 
  just be aware that people who make a living on youtube have the same profit motivations in games coverage as those who write articles about them , there is little to no difference . 
  what 's the point in even having it if they do n't tell people it 's there ? 
  well `` white guilt '' is still a thing 150 years after slavery was abolished . 
  you 're the only one who totally wo n't now . 
  this is hilarious . 
  gotcha , so all raids like the vault of glass are 6 people ? 
  you fucking read it you faker, 
  welcome to the internet , where everything a man does regarding women is rape . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  dude i feel like i 've seen you do pixel art of a few ama 's and they go unnoticed by the people answering questions but i want you to know i notice them and they 're awesome . 
  if you 're on xb1 add urstuck i 'll be your friend . 
  this is great , how long did it take you to draw each character individually ? 
  aaa games have steadily become more and more homogeneous , with the rate halo and cod are going i fully expect the next release of both franchises to look and play almost identically . 
  i do n't think it 's right to say that cod based their system on destiny , a game that has n't even released yet when there are already massively successful titles like halo and titanfall to incorporate the same mechanics . 
   context is necesary here . 
   this video is about the microsoft parody ad for destiny fragrance that they produced because they are not allowed to advertise the game . 
  that 's not the context that 's literally the video bro . 
  did moreconsole get a different fucking box ? 
  nobody knows . 
  midnight pst , 3am est, 
  are you the guy that said japan or somewhere was likely to experience a quake real soon like the day before it happened ? 
  edit : also since i have your attention . 
  growing up in california we are continually told of `` the big one '' that supposedly is likely to occur before 2030 . 
  are you at all familiar with these predictions and if true how do you think it will affect major metro areas such as sf , la and sd ? 
  sorry but can you point me to an article depicting anthony weiner as a `` creep '' before his pictures leaked ? 
   no idea why this is being downvoted . 
  reddit is so confusing . 
  uhh probably because you just make a random claim regarding half the earth 's population and say it must be true because you 're a girl . 
  the only time a guy would ever find that argument compelling is after he had eaten two oranges at a barber shop . 
  source : guy . 
  could also be the other way around . 
  classic chicken/egg scenario . 
   he was sending them to random women from cl behind his wife 's back ...
