  like i can understand if there is an * odor * that floats around the room after the act , but she is saying he should ` wash it off in the bathroom ' , like what ? 
  hey could you explain # 1 more thoroughly please ? 
  like a tutorial ? 
  i 'm afraid to search it on my school 's network , but thanks for the post !, 
  very thorough . 
  hm , is the show worth watching ? 
  what episode is this and can i watch them out of order ? 
  i 'm not a scientist , but i think being inebriated is more than just a state of mind . 
  there are physiological effects like slower response time that likely would n't improve with your newfound confidence . 
  how would you even find yourself in this situation ? 
  * physicians * *** hate *** * him !, 
  did you die ? 
  well ? 
  / r/showerthoughts, 
  right but none of these explain why it would be necessary to still hear the caller . 
  wait lawyers are free ? 
  and i mean at what point does it become worth the hassle of going to jail to talk to a lawyer ? 
  i mean if i 'm in college and throwing a party with a lot of illegal drinking and the cops show up , is it worth telling them they ca n't come in and i want a lawyer ? 
  well , it would if you look at it the right way . 
  how high off the ground are they ? 
  i told a nurse about my drug use at the time when she asked , completely unrelated to the visit at hand and just to fill out my chart . 
  i was 18 and she told my mother in the waiting room who drove me there . 
  i do n't get it . 
  do you like looking at naked women ? 
  would you like it if the girl you 're dating sent you a nude photo ? 
  that 's why . 
  maybe you 're gay ? 
  then you say 6 !, 
  the issue here being that if you notice they 're doing it , they 're doing it wrong . 
  jesus this whole thread is making me think women would prefer interacting with a concrete wall more than a guy . 
  eh it can probably wait . 
  well now i 'm worried i 'm going to come off as arrogant when talking to a cute girl haha, 
  . . til ? 
  look up project titanfall , funded by microsoft and recently declassified . 
  just when i think i 've got the world figured out , you drop this on me . 
  but what is the daily value based on ? 
  and why would the optimal amount found in over-the-counter vitamins be up to 1000 % of the recommended daily value ? 
  imagine the chain of events that could have occurred if just 8 or 9 people had disliked his video back then , perhaps it would have not been high enough in the search results to ever get noticed . 
  i would n't even know whether or not you were right . 
  sure , but to be fair as someone who used to be a chronic user , a lot of smokers who think they 're excellent at pulling sober actually are not , and they think nobody notices since everybody just kind of ushers them through their day when interacting with them because it 's obvious they 're not quite ` using the whole engine ' so to speak . 
  that 's kind of sad, 
   will ask for antibiotics for anything and everything . 
  you probably should n't blame your average joe as much as the physicians who are writing these scripts because someone has a runny nose . 
  there 's a reason you * need * to be a medical doctor to write prescriptions . 
  okay , i never call this kind of shit out , but holy * fuck * that username . 
  i 'm amazed that would actually be able to pass all the way through the intestines without getting stuck or clogging anything . 
  incredible . 
  probably any number of a billion possible reasons ? 
  having lived on . . a tight budget before , i can confirm the most economical way for me to eat would be mcdonalds every day . 
  thankfully i had just enough where it did n't come to that , but i spent many hours calculating costs and comparing to local grocery stores etc. 
  probably because double cheeseburgers are usually a dollar here in the us , not 5, 
  i do n't have experience with either but i feel like i much rather have 10 years probation than 2 years of being in jail . 
   rare medical conditions aside ... 
  you 're saying if their weight issues are due to a medical issue than suddenly it 's attractive ? 
  eating less is all about self control . 
  if someone is morbidly obese , they could get thrown in a well or locked in a dungeon for a couple weeks and given some bread and fresh water and they would improve , since they need someone else to hold the key to their lives to get healthy . 
  people who are severely underweight often have actual * physiological * medical conditions which prevent them from gaining weight , a much greater percentage than those who are overweight . 
  if you mention weight issues could be a result of any other factor other than eating too much/too little , reddit will criticize you . 
  this whole post is so fucking ignorant i ca n't believe it 's real . 
  maybe since you are at a normal weight you should n't be commenting on issues on either side of the spectrum . 
  the issue is if you are truly underweight you wo n't often hear people admiringly say , `` wow you 're so thin , looking good ! '' . 
  it 's more `` holy shit you 're skinny , you should eat something . 
  '' , or `` are you anorexic or something ? 
  '' , or `` you look like you have bulimia '' . 
  obviously no one is going to be offended by a misguided compliment , the issue is people , specifically in the us , think it is alright to remark however they want on someone 's weight as long as they are n't * overweight * , since that is the most common issue . 
  i 've replied to a comment of his elsewhere , i 'm afraid he 's a real human being . 
  well he did say , `` for me '' . 
  huh , how did you come about deciding to get tested for that ? 
   it is n't . 
  but if the cause is a rare medical condition that they ca n't do anything about it 's probably alot more rude/inappropriate to tell them they are unattractive and should change . 
  right , but the point is there is no way of knowing whether or not this is the case short of the person wearing their diagnosis on the front of a t-shirt , so it 's not polite in any scenario to comment on someone 's weight . 
  of course my ` diet ' was a little bit of an exaggeration , but it was to offset the idea that eating too little is the same as eating too much . 
  often in underweight people in order to gain they need to physically expand their stomach to accommodate more food at once , which can cause vomiting . 
   the amount you eat is by far the biggest influence, 
  see if people just accepted this then it would all be dandy , but too often people outright to refuse there is any correlation to factors other than food intake . 
  dialect not accent . 
   that 's changed , now most doctors in decent medical centers are pretty aware of lyme , the diagnostic steps and the treatment . 
  only for short-term that can be treated with a quick course of antibiotics , trying to find a doctor who will help treat chronic lyme is terrifyingly difficult anywhere other than the east coast . 
  after unsuccessfully trying to taper down my smoking about 3 or 4 times , i finally quit cold turkey - through the rest of my pack in the trash and have n't had a cigarette in over 2 years . 
  to anyone trying to quit , i 'd recommend this method if you have not had success with tapering down . 
  just make a clear decision that you want to quit , and follow through fully . 
  i thought the japanese did that , not the us . 
  no , it is n't ? 
  what does ` catty ' mean in this instance ? 
  if you 're interested in someone who is a ` player ' then what difference does it make ? 
  i 'm not the op , but do you think what you 've written still holds true if the woman is unemployed as well ? 
  lol 12th grade, 
  this is just a simple example , and in fact this has already been possible for many years at this point . 
  it is easy for a machine to identify a friendly , you just program to scan the area for an rfid chip or recognize a specific verbal command or hand gesture . 
  hell , the latter is even possible on the xbox one . 
  there are already petitions and non-profits online whose goal is to enforce legislation that limits the combative capabilities of machines that have no human oversight , but the technology is and has been there for a while . 
   i mean , intelligence would be a beneficial trait for nearly all animals - why have n't seen it in all of them ? 
  this is a really big leap , and i 'd say actually completely false . 
  sure by some standards humans are the most successful organisms on earth , but that is a farcry from saying that if other animals were smarter they would be more succesful . 
  in all the ways our minds have aided us we have also acquired through generations a great multitude of intellectual disabilities or disorders that maim us physically and plague no other species other than humans . 
  not only that but we must n't confuse * power * with * beneficial traits * . 
  sure we have a great deal of control over the destinies of other species on the planet , but that does n't mean we are better suited for survival than they are , only that we are able to extinguish it . 
  there are huge amounts of single-celled organisms that over billions of years have achieved a lifestyle that comes pretty darn close to perfect in the eyes of darwinian evolution , achieving fast reproduction rates and high variation . 
  for species in similar positions there is no need for intelligence as it would likely be only a hindrance . 
  * ramble ramble ramble *,
