  well a few friends have been bugging me to get arma ii but unfortunately i lack the funds for such a venture . 
  why should i get it ? 
  eh , i do n't know , some guys just seem to have all the luck . 
  i was born with glass bones and paper skin . 
  every morning i break my legs , and every afternoon i break my arms . 
  at night i lay awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep . 
  but you do n't want to hear all this , i 'm sorry . 
  same here !, 
  how uplifting !, 
  wow , what a terrific audience . 
  underwater . 
  now i 'm going to feel onion-guilt for whoever has to prepare my cheeseburgers . 
  2x stellar impact for borderlands goty ? 
  wish i had the stellar impact , totally worth it . 
  more people need to see this . 
  it 's a good thing op did n't eat those expecting to have a fun trip . 
  a couple things to note however :, 
  i 'm almost sure the deliriant mushroom you are referring to is fly agaric ( [ amanita muscaria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amanita_muscaria ) ) - this is a * legal * deliriant and can be purchased at smoke shops and other stores , though from op 's picture i 'd venture to say that mushroom is from another genus - notice the difference in white patches between the two mushrooms . 
   shrooms like this are n't hallucinogens . 
  it 's clear what you meant hear , although technically deliriants are a hallucinogenic substance , though not considered psychedelic like psilocybin is . 
  your italic * placement * makes me uneasy . 
  translate ` herbivore ' . 
  you wo n't be disappointed . 
  server is awesome with great connectivity and has never gone down once to my knowledge . 
  still fairly new so i wish more players would join but it seems more are coming on each day !, 
  dehy . 
  jrbs !, 
  for history !, 
  not when they 're saying they want to try ecstacy , which is known to be extremely addicting and one of the most common substances to contain adulterants . 
  edit : oh i see now after reading a post below . 
  in america we say someone is pissed when they are angry ; literally never to refer to someone 's sobriety . 
  after unsuccesfuly trying to quit by tapering down about 4 times i was finally able to knock the habit ( quit ~ 7 months ago and have n't cheated once ) by quitting cold turkey . 
  as i hear this does n't work for everyone , but you 're in a great position of only needing 1-2 cigarettes a day , i quit from ~ 14 a day . 
  some tips :, 
  - it 's an addiction , meaning you 're body thinks you * need * it , meaning if you have them , you will smoke them . 
  give your pack to a friend that smokes and tell him not to give you any under any circumstance . 
  if you do n't feel comfortable doing this , throw your pack away ( in a public dumpster !, 
  you will never feel lower than after going through your own trash can for a cigarette . ), 
  - at some point you are going to be in a position where you just really need a smoke , but have to be able to have the willpower to say `` i know this thing is killing me , so i 'm going to choose not to go to the store and buy a pack . '', 
  if it helps , distract yourself at first !, 
  down time is more time thinking about cigs , hang out with friends who do n't smoke or just find something to occupy your time when you get a craving . 
  the feeling of pride and power when you have knocked the habit is amazing . 
  good luck !, 
  i believe in you !!!, 
  put it somewhere out of sight so that you are n't reminded when you see it , and if you get a craving just make a hot pocket and watch a movie or go for a walk around the neighborhood . 
  unfortunately there 's no trick to make it easier , got ta take the bull by the horns !, 
  dude here , can confirm . 
  ohhh ... 
  i get it . 
  so what you 're saying is that minecraft is kind of like your `` castle '' in a sense , and that it was at it 's prime when just you and a couple others were working on it . 
  you built some worthy games or wrote some decent code in the past , but when working on minecraft you feel that the energy and development game kind of rushed like water , too fast and too early in it 's youth . 
  in an attempt to get rid of the whole experience and move on , you fleed and began a new project ; only then did you realize that the rushing was not from minecraft , but from yourself , and shows on your new venture as well . 
  you do not have a pretty life . 
  like you gon ' axe someone suttin ' like dis in compton nigga ? 
  warning : do not ingest lsd before travelling down this road . 
  yeah , i 'd be jaded after 7 years too . 
  how the fuck did i not notice that until your comment . 
  i need to lie down . 
  * holded, 
  well what you described seems to be more in favor of artificial selection , not natural selection . 
  the way humans are going against natural selection ( and this may or may not be what banzaipanda meant ) is in essence almost the entire medical industry . 
  for instance thousands of years ago when someone was born with bad vision , they would be shitty hunters resulting in them not eating enough resulting in them either being found unnatractive to a mate or ultimately unsuccesful enough to die from starvation . 
  and thus the gene mutations that made this individual 's eyesight bad would die out as opposed to being passed down through generations . 
  what we do today is if someone has bad eyesight , we give them glasses . 
  and they do fine in life , find a mate and procreate and create new generations of people with bad eyesight that continue to permeate the human population . 
  note this is just a simple example but i hope it was at least a little informative !, 
  why do n't you enlighten us , wise one ? 
  i was referring to your insinuation that it is american ignorance to use the term ` paki ' colloquially when it is a slanderous word only in the uk . 
  i just found it ironic . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   paki ( united kingdom ) used as a derogatory term directed towards south asians ( and sometimes middle eastern people ) , it is usually considered offensive when used by a non-asian in the uk, 
  just be very clear on what you expect , do n't be ambiguous . 
  if you are n't really sure of what you expect than you are giving the designer more freedom which may/may not work out the way you want it to . 
  if you have something specific in mind for a project , like a particular function or graphic , perhaps provide a link to another website that already has something similar in use as a concept of what you 're looking for . 
  source : done jobs involving photoshop , javascript , css/html, 
  nice try , head of fox news public relations . 
  til the us is a man . 
  if you 're located in america , nbcnazi has the exclusive rights to the olympics so bbc coverage is literally blocked . 
  this program ( i 'm assuming since i have one similar ) will allow you to access the bbc content via proxies . 
  then fuck bbc too !, 
  thanks for the help . 
  unfortunately the instructor for this course is just listed as `` staff '' . 
  - . - am i sol ? 
  nah i 'm class of '16 and do n't know anyone yet . 
  oh well first day might be a bit awkward walking in late but hopefully after class if i talk to him/her they 'll understand . 
  because i 'm an american and i take what i want !, 
  it 's the perk that i deserve for being fucked by my own government in every other way . 
  running/biking ? 
  which reminds me , are bikes allowed on campus ? 
  i thought i was the only one !, 
  lady liberty ? 
  oh shit , i did n't see the deadline in there . 
  alright , thanks haha, 
  can you draw my heart-wrenching disappointment when the opposing team makes the last cup in beerpong ? 
  bonus : can you teach me how to draw ? 
  ( do you know of any good online resources for beginners ? ), 
  lots of people get nauseous from it . 
  combine that with a bad trip and it is n't unimaginable that he would vomit . 
   2 mirrors facing each other, 
  i must try this !,
