  * shuffles away *, 
  / r/nofap would like a word . 
  haha, 
  even better , a hot wheels car !, 
  shes totally asking for it guys, 
  i do n't think he ever did, 
  what does horny mean to you ? 
  we 'll cross that bridge when we get to it . 
  * `` woah !, 
  it must be super cold in your apartment haha . . anyway . . '' *, 
  do n't be nervous, 
  yeah but , the balls ? 
  i feel like i would fuck up in an area i really do n't want to fuck up on, 
  lol, 
  itchy ? 
  edit : and why not just keep it shaved then ? 
  thats actually exactly what it is, 
  good at avoiding penises he means . 
  i think the latter would probably solve the former . 
  . . okay but money is n't a natural resource , we are n't about to run out of it . 
  well written , thanks !, 
  i obviously agree that the victim should never be blamed for something so terrible , just like i do n't think anyone deserves to die in a car crash , but if they are drinking/not wearing a seatbelt/speeding down the wrong side of the freeway , they are definitely increasing their risk . 
  that sounds interesting , do you have a source ? 
  this was definitely the case , and it came off really strong during the video it was so awkward i could n't finish it . 
   i never left . 
  does n't anyone around here have jobs to go to ? 
  i 'd say that skews more towards mr. 
  smooth, 
  as long as she saw him do that , that was probably the greatest move that could have happened . 
  the jersey shore generation, 
   charles is a white male , so its impossible to discriminate against him . 
  can never tell if people are serious when they say this , since some people actually believe this . 
  funnyjunk , smarterchild , hollywood halo . 
  disguising links in aim to send your buddies to meatspin/lemonparty . 
  it 's a tough job but i 'm not complaining . 
  someone 's got ta be number one , baby !, 
  why the fuck would he choose to bomb brookings , oregon ? 
  edit : he could have diverted slightly right and went for san francisco and maybe google and apple would have never been born . 
  [ here ] ( http://filer.case.edu/dts8/thelastq.htm ) is a notable short story on it , the end of the universe . 
  many people find it very thought provoking , but it is a tad long if you are impatient . 
  enjoy !, 
  i gave a speech on this in college ( in san francisco where a lot of the experiments took place ) . 
  you can just google mkultra and read the wikipedia page , but here 's a tl ; dr. 
  cia trying to perfect mind control and truth serum in the late 1900s ( not long ago ! ) . 
  the part that i was focused on was their use of lsd . 
  they would plant actors ( attractive women usually ) to go into bars and lure patrons back to a hotel room , where they would drug them with varying quantities of lsd and see what happened when they asked them questions or suggested commands . 
  they also sometimes just had the actor spike their drink with lsd before leaving . 
  this was not unclassified to the public until a court leaked it more than 20 years later . 
  not to mention the experiments continued on for some years after it was officially shutdown . 
  no you do n't . 
  i think they were more interested in interrogation techniques . 
  like how to ensure the information they were being given was completely accurate . 
  no success i assume ? 
  damn i 'd hate to be signed up to test that out haha, 
  7:19 , sucker !, 
  my roommate last semester used to try and beat off while i was * in the room * . 
  be thankful . 
  i read it in bryan 's voice . 
  that 's the voice i use for everything . 
  who the fuck gives their 10 year old daughter a phone with a camera on it ? 
  never change , california . 
  this is regional in my experience , i was brought up saying * dror * but have also heard it pronounced like it 's spelled , the same word for someone who enjoys drawing . 
  i 've never seen ghandi , is he in dlc ? 
  what dlc is congress in and is it worth whatever price it is ? 
  i just started playing civ 5 recently and it 's really fun !, 
  though i have to say everything about their multiplayer that i 've experienced this far has been absolutely terrible . 
  well 4chan is pretty often both sarcastic and sexist . 
  as x , y. 
  that sounds like a nightmare of an experience , but at least * that * part is behind you !, 
  adversity makes it really tough to stay positive sometimes , but be thankful for what you do have , and since you seem to be a good writer and are passionate about your experiences , i would recommend writing this kind of stuff to a blog or something similar so that other people in the world who may be going through or are about to go through something very similar to what you did can know they are n't alone . 
  just a thought !, 
  cheers . 
  i knew a girl in school who was deathly afraid of ketchup as well , like would get really upset at lunch if people were eating it around her . 
  never really thought about it until now . 
  she might have gotten in an argument with him when he said that . 
  maybe she was asking for stronger pain medication and he explained politely but firmly that she should fuck off . 
  ah , thanks !, 
  late 1900s . 
  meaning the century . 
  that 's what i said, 
  sounds good , thanks !, 
  and how does like , `` combining '' dlc work ? 
  like when i start a game am i able to choose to just play vanilla + bnw ? 
  or vanilla + gods/kings ? 
  and how does that work where i then choose to do vanilla + gods/kings + brave new world ? 
  as far as my grief with multiplayer it 's purely from a technical standpoint , terrible execution . 
  the lobby system has you spending the better part of an hour just trying to start the game and then the networking is terrible once it starts , with intermittent load screens , terrible lag and dropped players . 
  i 'm sure if they rewrote their networking code the game itself would lend itself very well to multiplayer . 
  ** tl ; dr ** multiplayer can be fun for the game but needs a rewrite codewise . 
  which dlc should i buy first ( most enjoyment for my buck ) ? 
   i truly believe that big pharmacy only cares about one thing , and thats money . 
  if some penny costing plant from a rain forest came out tomorrow that could cure cancer , i guarantee that big pharmacy would buy the patent , and never say a fucking thing . 
  why ? 
  because what kind of profit can you make from a cure , when you can charge thousands of people hundreds of thousands of dollars for something that could '' possibly '' work . 
  this is probably the most important thing that people can understand , and is something i 'm sure both of the arguing parties here can agree upon . 
  just do a quick google search over all of the attempts to `` patent '' a cure/treatment for hiv and aids . 
  the world is run by money , and why some people believe that medicine is somehow above and better than this even though politics , government and education are n't is disheartening . 
  tread carefully , i 've never seen an anti-alternative medicine bandwagon this large on reddit before . 
  edit : holy fuck reading through the comments in this bestof is absolutely horrifying and angering . 
  you can tell that 90 % of the people here did n't even read the post that was being replied to , but instead are simply hopping on the bandwagon and quoting things that he never even said .
