  . . that * is * the white guy interpretation . 
  / r/oddlysatisfying, 
  wow what annoying editing, 
  i would n't say anyone on your street is ` broke ', 
  i have you tagged as ` genius or dumbass ' , funny i 'd see you in a thread like this . 
  how are the brain tests coming ? 
  kids these days . 
  hardly . 
  which, 
  to a 15 year old . 
  seriously what kind of horseshit is that ? 
  to all women : if you are n't asking him out , you are n't being obvious !, 
  i have absolutely zero appetite when tripping , but honey sounds like the perfect choice if i had to eat . 
  what a bitch, 
  what movie ? 
  not sure if trolling . . 
  i think those are jokes ? 
   you need to shame him into not acting like a goddamn fucking dog . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  the kid could be like 9 years old and probably does n't know any better . 
  so how about you share with us how he was finally able to do it ? 
  literally the first line of the linked article . 
  you 're a freshman ? 
  i could totally see obama secretly being really upset and hurt at the jokes so a couple days later he orchestrated a staged event that made it look like he killed ubl . 
  not probable , but not impossible ? 
  no , you would just be on a list . 
  * hugs *, 
  i think it 's a giraffe drawing girl actually, 
  that 's fucking stupid , you do n't drop out of college because a professor says something dumb or wrong , your dad is a dumbass . 
  here maybe i can cross some stuff off your list . 
  i genuinely believe vaccines should not be made mandatory , at least until the current practice of releasing them to the public with minimal to no testing is somehow reevaluated . 
  i 'm not sure if that counts for what you 're looking for , i 'm very skeptical that any vaccine thus far could have been a cause of autism in unborn children , but i think when injecting a substance that was only created a couple months ago you are inherently taking on a risk that something as complex as the human body may respond unfavorably to . 
  oh and two of my roommates are into crossfit . 
  what do you dislike about them , that they do n't think the same thing as you ? 
  it probably did actually, 
  id buy an $ 8 pack and i 'm 20 . 
  i mean is n't that the point ? 
  why would you buy a bra with polka dots unless you wanted people to see it ? 
  sounds like a specific situation , i promise you most of us do n't really care . 
  why not easy to read and easy to understand ? 
  i assure you this is a joke response as well , just because it 's about a serious topic does n't mean it 's thoughtful . 
  i just got chewed out by a mother who did n't want her son to register for a gmail account . 
  it 's required for the curriculum . 
  * swoon *, 
  no one correct her . 
  i 've tried , the substance is very viscous and too tough to blow with without a wand . 
  a bunch of black people wearing hoods disturbing him , that 'll help . 
  til . 
  one day this fact will be useful . 
  grinding like dancing ? 
  wait what, 
  that court case was an interesting read , thanks . 
  this is the first ss i checked in over a month and this is still my favorite game to see here , glad to see it 's still going well . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure there are many arguments against that mentality . 
  shit that was close, 
  holy fuck, 
  seriously , it 's pushing me klose to the edge, 
  yo i do n't usually watch soccer , anyone know how much time until the second half starts ? 
  edit : 15, 
  thanks, 
  but that 's not the point of the thread , iphones caught on huge, 
  sobrave, 
  how can you see though ? 
  i 'll occasionally shave in the shower if i 'm running late then get to work and find out i missed like a 1 square inch section of beard, 
  it 's comments like this that make me wish reddit still showed upvotes/downvotes . 
  you still like eminem though right ? 
  vice vs vice news, 
  it works , thanks !, 
  what does any % mean ? 
  does that mean that this guy did n't actually 100 % the game ? 
  nifty , thanks, 
  shit . 
  that 's the joke !, 
  you got it !, 
  yeah , thanks i edited the op . 
  fuck man i was half way through the movie when the gif started buffering from the beginning again !, 
  www.youtube.com/crosscoastgaming usually does these kinda intro videos , do n't think it 's up yet but i 'm pretty sure they said they 'll be making an intro to destiny video , 
  this post actually fascinates me . 
  it also makes me wonder if there is any advantage , within the context of modern society , to being able to or unable to imagine something more clearly in your head . 
  i 'd be curious to know if there is any correlation between those on the low end of the spectrum in regards to mental imagery with having a poorer spatial planning ability , like underestimating how much room that new couch will take up in the living room . 
  for me it 's like i can imagine/picture in my head anything i want or am asked to , but it only lasts for a couple seconds if it 's crazy . 
  like if i were to imagine a green elephant , i can instantly , but the whole picture quickly fades to white , and i need to refocus on reality and then picture it again from the start . 
  do you find yourself with a similar limitation ? 
  shit i think i 'm about to relocate sf -  boulder in like a month , any advice ? 
  source ? 
  solid username, 
   we feel that gaming in general should no longer treat women as an afterthought . 
  even if it 's *** extra *** work . 
  lol, 
  then it was n't fatal . . 
  i do n't understand how this is even geologically possible . . does this mean the beaches at the uk are like thousands of years * newer * than the ones around the us which are ground to sand ? 
  i enjoyed this more than any other heist , great editing this must have taken forever !, 
  martha stewart ? 
  the other day i heard someone mention delaware , i was like holy shit i totally forgot that was even a thing . 
  liar !, 
  layman here , but why is this not possible ? 
  from the comments i 'm reading in this thread someone could possibly be infected with the virus and fly to the us before even exhibiting symptoms . 
  one of the best , rip . 
   now he 's unidanx and everyone still knows who he is , and he 'll still get tons of upvotes, 
  their reaction is n't untypical for ambien .
