  i 'm not telling you !, 
  i do n't know why i expected it to be plausible after reading step 1 . 
  she should watch the movie yes man with jim carrey . 
  roger, 
  it 's all about the chase , my friend, 
   if you have a bounty and you hide in your apartment toss some sticky bombs outside and watch your camera 's . 
  you can detonate them from inside and watch the hilarious outcome . 
  does this work ? 
  this is genius, 
  something about this makes me feel like i 'd rather kill myself , i just ca n't put my finger on it . 
  yeah that shit was hilarious, 
  yeah but her parents probably like you better than if they walked in on her giving you head . 
  did you actually move out that same day ? 
  what was that like ? 
  dont you think thats a bit of an over reaction ? 
  as dopamingo said , go exploring !, 
  assuming you live in a safe neighborhood and/or have a buddy !, 
  dota ^ dota ^ ^ dota ^ ^ ^ dota, 
  check mate , atheists !, 
  they often die in automobile accidents ? 
  damn !, 
  only off by 3 . 
   this photo is ** unintentionally ** cool imo . 
  first sentence . 
  having moved a lot growing up , i can say it 's definitely a regional thing . 
  same, 
  well they do n't nurse , so it would reason that . . 
  snoop lion, 
  relevant name, 
   i cringed . 
  i cringed . 
  not a specific game , but party chat really killed xbox live imo . 
  there used to be a sense of community and when in a game with complete strangers it was the one kid without a mic that was the weird one , now it 's the other way around . 
  20 hours late on the thread but no one else mentioned this so figured i 'd post it . 
  have you tagged as pees in bottles , you did not disappoint . 
  christ, 
  but not every girl, 
  damn so 1.6 % of the total ? 
  you know the movie `` this is the end '' ? 
  that 's jay . 
  lol, 
  god does anyone else just want to give the person in the very back of the line a good shove and see what the resulting domino effect would look like ? 
  hm , seems odd to have a consolidated place where you put a bunch of rape victims and gangbangers together , does n't it get a little tense ? 
  what are you tripping on ? 
  theres no way that was on purpose, 
  hi i love your dad i love this video ^ ^ ^ thanks, 
  no he 'll just ruin his glasses !, 
  i just think it 's funny that this article is in r/malefashion * advice * . 
  it 's like , is op advising us to not be black when shopping ? 
  hm , i 've only experience with the first two , but for shrooms the above picture does n't seem too out of proportion . 
  of course it affects everyone differently , but shrooms always gave me a visual sense of `` hyper-reality '' and over saturation , especially when looking in the mirror . 
  lol i fukd ur mom, 
  as a programmer i ca n't write code for shit when i 'm not 100 % sober, 
  how and where did you learn lock picking ? 
  it sounds like a helpful skill , know any good online resources ? 
  black black black black black, 
  my father was n't abusive to me but was verbally/emotionally abusive to my mother , the only part of his life that affected me growing up was his drug addiction which led to an early divorce and fatherless upbringing . 
  honestly i do n't carry any baggage over his decisions , but it 's fun to see other people react when i tell them , it usually goes like this ,, 
  them : so what does your mother do ? 
  me : oh she sells real estate , she 's actually really successful in her field . 
  them : that 's awesome !, 
  what does your dad do ? 
  them : * stunned / terrified expression *, 
  it 's actually pretty funny to me , but i realize this is probably much different circumstances from what the op was asking , i just felt it was a bit relevant . 
  it does occasionally and it gives me the indescribable urge to just rip my soul out of my skin and never return to that body again . 
  this is the perfect response for this thread . 
  that is such a sweet fucking reference to pull out of nowhere , 9/10 !, 
  ^ ( what is that supposed to mean ? ), 
  what language ? 
  if you are a brand new beginner to all kinds of programming i highly recommend checking out www.codeacademy.com , that 's where i first learned and am now doing it for a living . 
  ^ ( they should really pay me for these endorsements ), 
  wait , did this ama last 7 minutes ? 
  was this pre or post dunn 's death ? 
  because from what i 'm gathering from the comments it seems like everyone who had a chill experience with him was before that . 
  fantastic and funny , subscribed, 
  thanks that 's my buddy who runs the channel with me , we 're also releasing a couple more guides in the coming days !, 
  that used to happen to my old cat as well , i gave her a bath in holy water and it cleared right up . 
  here 's a video tutorial for those interested , same concept works on various houses/garage sizes, 
  oh wow i thought you were saying you ca n't wait for the day you could get your period , which in this thread seemed out of place . 
  i understand now , i blame the us public school system for my reading comprehension . 
  hey are your friends located in california ? 
  i 've been looking for people to go cave diving with . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ completely ^ ^ ^ serious, 
  holy shit are you fucking kidding me ? 
  no spoiler tags ? 
  what the fuck i 'm only on the first half of episode one asshole !, 
  . . is it really you ? 
  i tried my darndest, 
  a few of the clips were staged but i like the concept , good music choice too, 
  the bati motorcrycle , nothing better for non-freeway driving . 
   why not just [ do suitable reparations for the victim ] , charge maybe a small fee to deter [ people ] from consistently doing it , and leave it at that ? 
  why , on top of lots of fees , put people into [ institutions ] where they get ass-fucked even further where their only choice is to do `` bad sport '' things ? 
  sorry but as i read your post i could n't help but notice a slight parallel with the real life criminal justice system , at least in my country . 
  ^ ^ ^ inb4 ^ ^ ^ 3dgy5me, 
  surely it must be more than 5 chances , i was in free mode and over the course of an hour detonated ~ 8 personal vehicles . 
  i wish there was like a meter or a countdown i could see so i know when i 'll earn my duncecap . 
  you always got my back . 
  wait so even the matchmaking lobbies are separated for bad spots ? 
  til, 
   but i never leave any type of job early,
