  i assume you are a woman . 
  so you do n't watch more than one guy because you are straight ? 
  does this mean you think men watching lesbian porn are gay ? 
  i feel the same way when asking how someone felt when writing their comment . 
  how did you by the way ? 
  i still am a little befuddled but the more i think about it the more i think it 's just something obvious i 'm not getting haha . 
  i like your username btw , i 'm studying synthetic bio at university right now !, 
  yeah that is honestly * the * best reason i can think for not wanting circumcision , but i guess it 's just specific as the op made no suggestion that her husband would play any role in her choice to not have her son circumcised , only that she found it more attractive . 
  yeah i think we 're both right , definitely a regional consideration i suppose . 
  holy shit i had no idea , what a great acquisition i was worried waze would die out due to not enough people getting on board . 
  that is completely subjective . 
  do you classify a procedure as `` necessary '' only if the person would die if they did n't have it done ? 
  circumcision * eliminates * bacterial growth that would otherwise take place under the foreskin as well as reduces the chance of contracting std 's including hiv . 
  perhaps it is n't necessary in the sense that billions of people live long healthy lives without it being done , but that 's like saying humans lived fine for millenia without prescription glasses , it still improves the health of the person who gets them . 
  i love this !, 
  super helpful for when you forget where your phone is , you can just look back . 
  what happens when the original does n't get deconstructed in the process ? 
  you know men and womens bicycle seats are made differently right ? 
  ^ ( i got this ), 
  pretty much the same thing, 
  if i recall correctly, 
  nope, 
  if i recall correctly, 
  why do people make `` troll '' accounts and try to get negative karma ? 
  and why does it seem like there has been at least a 600 % resurgence of them over the past couple months , is it just because it 's summer ? 
  i do n't get it , do they think they 're funny or something ? 
  they must , otherwise they would orgasm from just the robe rubbing against them . 
   if he won she would have to pay . 
  lol almost made me spit out my coffee . 
  do you have the comic ? 
  i just looked up the wikipedia page for mens rea and am afraid i am too stupid to understand it . 
  [ check it , this particular design is usually used by athletes but is not at all rare ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1kc5ys/serious_whats_a_dumb_question_that_you_want_an/cbnmwn7 ), 
  so . . op 's girlfriend was complaining about discomfort , and i suggested perhaps she should try a seat that was designed for women . 
  what would you suggest , jackass ? 
  someone downvoted you before me, 
  christ are you in every comment i made ? 
  can you say ^ stalker ? 
   i would n't trust my clone . 
  because it would not trust me ... so we would try to kill each other . 
  you know i never thought about this , but this is entirely correct if i was cloned . 
  interesting , i wonder who would win . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  right , but unfortunately hiv treatment is n't so simple , and is more easily contactable in uncircumcised men . 
   we live in a pretty well educated area . 
  how is that relevant without belittling other people 's choices ? 
  when did this happen with wow ? 
  ah , before my time . 
  hm , i have n't noticed it except maybe expansion days , and even that blizz is getting better at . 
  though from what noxious linked above launch day sounded like a clusterfuck . 
  i see , glad i did n't start until bc . 
  i was disappointed too , the video almost made it sound like an mmo of sorts . 
  how does a persistent 16 player world even work ? 
  i 'm afraid that 's the * only * thing they are going to have , my tiny brain ca n't comprehend how else they could have 16 player persistent worlds other than minecraft server style . 
  just because his name has a 19 in it does n't mean shit idiot, 
  i can find more links if you want , idiot ? 
  people just do n't think you 're funny . 
  ca n't argue with that logic , please see my response to your other stupid comment . 
  what ? 
  lol, 
  ^ ( did you downvote me motherfucker ? ), 
  is n't . . is n't that what this is doing ? 
  saying that they will be good based on a 3 second clip ? 
  they 've said that multiplayer takes place before singleplayer chronologically , interesting . 
   bf4 at launch, 
  i 'm never a `` pc master race '' circlejerker , but if you really like battlefield you ~ ~ would ~ ~ should play it on a computer , the console versions have never come close to comparing , as someone who does almost all his gaming on console and bought both versions past few titles . 
  we do n't know everything about the situation , just 15 seconds . 
   just a few jabs to make you reconsider your actions, 
  do you really think that would ever happen ? 
  like some dude is just going to get hit in the face a few times and think , `` hey maybe i was being a jerk back there '', 
  bus drivers always have sage advice, 
   if i were to fight with him outside of the ring i would stop and apologize . 
  is that really a smart thing to do though ? 
  i mean if some random stranger started beating the shit out of me i probably would n't just put my hands down and start appealing to his better nature . 
  well it seems like i would be fighting purely defensively , so yeah i 'm much more likely to keep fighting rather than throw my hands down and surrender when some psycho with professional training is wailing on me . 
  do n't joke about that . . 
  mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate, 
   i was preemptively banned for being a trp subscriber . 
  wait do they really do this ? 
  right , * that 's * why . 
  oh so you can still read them at least . 
  that 's odd i thought i was subbed to trp as well but think i 'm able to post in aw . . though maybe i 'm not o. 0, 
  i found it funny . 
  this is not / r/news . 
  me and a buddy just played this for about 45 minutes and we 're getting 2 more people for a 2 v 2 . 
  pretty slick thing you got goin on here , i fucking hate fifa ( any really any sports games ) but this was super fun , really like the first person . 
  i 'd say the most important thing to fix is the collision seems a little off in some areas around the head and was a little ambiguous around the arms ( since they are outstretched ) . 
  someone else said the field should be 300 % or 400 % as big but i completely disagree , this was a perfect size for a 1v1 and was really fast paced and fun , but you should definitely consider map size as either an option in the lobby or scaling it with the number of players . 
  good luck and if you ever need help working on it you can add me on skype at bcurran19 , unity is my preferred ide as well . 
  keep developing !, 
  fair enough, 
  i am by no means a political science buff , but an eli5 definition would be a group of people ( i.e. 
  a country ) 's trade ( money ) is controlled by private businesses for profit . 
  i 'm not sure if you are from the us or not , but the us is generally regarded and self-reported to be a capitalistic nation , in fact we are supposed to be the shining example of why `` capitalism works '' . 
  in reality we have been shifting back and forth on a scale between complete free market trade ( 100 % capitalism ) and government regulation , and we now reside somewhere comfy in a socialistic-capitalistic place . 
  okay maybe this is not really an eli5 , i guess i `` m no good at that . 
  if this stuff really interests you you should definitely look into it some more , real nifty stuff , and my explanation does n't even scratch the surface of all of the simultaneous factors that go into a country 's political ideologies . 
  ** basically : ** capitalism in this instance means less ( or no ) government oversight over private businesses/media , as opposed to other political political systems with strong government regulation . 
  did you not watch the video ? 
  seriously , 8 hours before even getting to the hospital ? 
  that should be a r.i.p.
