  edit : wow i actually do n't feel smart i just feel like a douche . 
   look , if you still have n't picked a side , you 're fucking retarded . 
  this is the kind of shit that helped trump win . 
   she has no empathy for the people he abuses or threatens , even me ( i 'm lgbt ), 
  can you please explain how trump has [ abused/threatened ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tpofufo.jpg ) the lgbt crowd ? 
  is there some way you could track the pens orientation/movement when it 's depressed to reconstruct whatever was written with it ? 
  think like a keylogger but for pens . 
  i could help with the software if you need a buddy !, 
  hardware/electronics is beyond me . 
  seriously . 
  sexual , maybe . 
  not weird . 
  never realized the frequency of that latter until i got this keyboard ; does n't have one . 
  is 6 ' 4 considered tall now ? 
  you 're all the same to me . 
  it 's coming . 
  jnug here atm, 
   take her to hospital, 
  not american tho , and hypersensitive to children 's mental illness so must be some nato country, 
  yes . 
  here i made a few videos on youtube that might help get you started, 
  [ make a website ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vxxmuqzueg ), 
  [ make a video game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfr09erju7u ), 
  no doubt there are better resources available online ; but at least with these ones you can direcltly pm the creator  good luck with the operation !, 
  pretty sure both versions of me would kill the other if it meant staying in my own continent with my family and friends . 
  how many people honestly had in mind that the gaming industry was dwindling ? 
  my thought is , not many . 
  unbearable, 
  redditors love to be contrarian and clever redditors like to exploit that for karma . 
  make a post on any sub saying ' x celebrity spent money so people would n't see this ! ', 
  and it gets front page . 
  or ' x company are nazis , upvote this to make it a google search result ' . 
  does n't matter the political leanings of the sub , both sides fall for it all the time . 
  yeah so weird that people would be commenting about the gif in the comments section of the gif !, 
  same that 's why i do n't own a mobile phone or use any cars after the model t. 
  lol obvi, 
   a 5 game losing streak on scii ladder . 
  omg i literally just opened scii before reading your comment , and it sounds like we 're similarly skilled we should play !, 
  to any other redditors , i 'm just a gold-platinum foreigner , you can add me at cornelius # 1701, 
  yeah definitely ca n't be because of our horizontal eyes . 
  inverse wsb proven correct yet again . 
  after listening to you dorks smugly shout about your puts i 've been sitting here with my 200 shares like \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  picked up 120 shares at 7.33 this morning , let 's go jnug !, 
  op not here to mess around . 
  i 've got around $ 1500 in nvidia as well , but it 's not my entire portfolio . 
  you may consider looking into amd as well , which is a direct competitor . 
  some people believe they have more unrealized upside , meaning the price of shares is more likely to rise . 
  but only you can make a decision on what to invest in . 
  works every time , my $ snap shares are making me a happy man . 
  i think snap is a longer play than most would believe . 
  the daily fluctuations up/down do n't really bother me . 
  it 's more ingrained in our culture than most of wsb would believe , either because they are too old or do n't have a large social circle of friends . 
  it 's the go-to social media tool when meeting someone new . 
  i work with schools and see 90 + % of high schoolers with it , as opposed to the maybe 5 % of high schoolers who had a twitter account they actually used . 
  it 's also very high with college students . 
  meet someone at a party , add on snapchat . 
  meet someone on tinder , they list their snapchat , not their facebook/twitter/etc . 
  the only competitor is instagram ( fb ) but i really do n't see it winning out in the market snap is in . 
  they have slightly different target audiences . 
  i think snapchat 's prime is still ~ 1 - 1.5 years out . 
   so was myspace . 
  that was n't my experience . 
  people at bars are adding each other on snapchat ; that rarely happened with myspace . 
  people are holding up signs with their qr snapcode at sporting events , publicizing their handle on meeting apps like tinder/okc/etc . 
  it 's currently the go-to way to change a one-time first encounter into a continuing friendship/relationship . 
  anecdotally , most of the 20 somethings i know will ask a girl for her snapchat before asking her number . 
  i think a lot of the naysayers are thinking in the back of their mind that it will go the same way as twitter or myspace when they are fundamentally different . 
  snapchat takes advantage of the smartphone revolution in a way that neither of those apps were close to doing . 
  the middle schoolers i tutor all have the app and enjoy messing with the filters and snapping their friends ; this is an entire age group that will grow up in the snap environment . 
  facebook over the last 2 years has begun to seem like an ` old person ' network by younger people , and less are hopping on as a result . 
  just my impression . 
  i actually got what you said originally and did n't realize anything was wrong until this comment lol, 
  it 's a pseudonym that a bunch of people use to make jokes under and then go to a subreddit and pretend it 's all one guy . 
   if people are using his moniker to make jokes , that 's a whole other thing . 
  it 's not a whole other thing , it is the thing . 
  i was with my friend when he wrote/screenshotted/submitted what is now one of the top posts on that sub . 
  it happens all the time . 
  do people think there is just a guy going around to random 0 vote yahooanswers questions and posting replies hoping that a random redditor will find it , screenshot it and submit it ? 
   is it really that important to you , or such an integral part of your life that is has to be real ? 
  lol it 's not important to me at all i was just casually saying that it 's posts by a bunch of people , then some really passionate ken m fans came in and started arguing with me, 
  that 's the thing about these ska band girls man . . 
  i rank up , they stay the same level , 
  always inverse wsb , liking my snap shares more each day, 
  fuck united, 
  i do some work in san diego and recently got the email of a potential client which ended in @wd40 . com, 
  i was like , `` no way is this the same thing i 'm thinking of . '', 
  but lo and behold , they 're like a 5 minute drive away from where i was . 
  not in the us , but even so , why does gold have value ? 
  how are people still finding this comment lol, 
  i do n't regularly invest or research the financial sector . 
  are you hoping that the earnings reports are better than expected then for fargo and citi , as that would also cause chase to rise ? 
  why are people still finding this post, 
  i fly at least twice a week for work , can confirm united is the most garbage airline i 've ever flown . 
  for most domestic flights where i 'm flying from , i can get virgin or southwest for the same price . 
  why the fuck would i want way less leg room , little or no in-flight entertainment and shittier seats for the same price . 
  do n't understand how they 're still in business . 
  my personal thought is that the only people who fly united are those who have never flown another airline . 
  that being said , i 'm getting tired of the nonstop united memes already . 
  cant grow a beard : c, 
  is n't it pretty unethical to put a bunch of students in a situation where you know they 'll probably fail and then record them doing it to reprimand them ?
