  shit i should do this . . 
  seeing as we do n't export cable to other countries , making laws protecting it would be absolutely retarded . 
   way more benefits to getting high than drinking alcohol, 
  having had experience with both , i could n't disagree more . 
  but i suppose it comes down to personal opinion . 
  you 're comparing two different levels of two different substances . 
  and you have n't mentioned any of the ` benefits ' of getting high . 
  paddy you need to make your own decisions in life , do n't follow the crowd !, 
  edit : if all the critics from rotten tomatoes jumped off a bridge , would you ? 
   one of them is not going to make you have the brain capacity of an infant while under the influence . 
  yeah i do n't think so , but to each his own . 
  wow . 
  what was posted ? 
   not conspicuous, 
  i swear there 's a word for that . . 
  smooth . 
  wow i actually did n't even notice until i read your comment haha, 
  i mean it is kind of relevant . 
  i mean , it 's gone now . 
  but it was a nice sentiment . 
  it 's gone . 
  wait do you actually have them ? 
  because they 're gone and i never saw them : c, 
  wait do you actually have them ? 
  they 're gone now and i never saw . 
  oh sweet could i get a link ? 
  i did n't get to see em . 
  sure you did . 
   i wrap my sandwiches with lettuce instead of bread . 
  holy shit i never thought of that , that sounds awesome !, 
  they were written in the script , very funny writers . 
   you clearly have no experience with police culture, 
  i mean , their name is dispatcher_83 . 
  not really . 
  that 's the one . 
  100 % chance , actually . 
  `` honey i really want to spice things up in the bedroom , what can i do ? '', 
  `` make your cock 4 inches longer . '', 
  lol well did she expect you to shower and drive to her house at 7 in the morning because she had a sexy dream ? 
  next time you 're up at 7 you should try this one :, 
  `` damn baby idk what happened but i have a boner . '', 
  you 're either infantilizing women or you 're no fun at all , you ca n't win with these people !, 
  i just watched don jon on netflix and it 's about this exactly , decent movie it 's just about some douche that goes to church . 
  we call it sandra bullocking where i live . 
  i 'm sure op appreciates this . 
  oh , that makes more sense . 
  i do n't know why the way you said ` reply ' just made me think you two were texting . 
  holy shit thank you i 've been trying to remember the name of this book for years , i vaguely remember reading some of the stories when i was really young . 
  only one i can recall is something about being in a bed and trying to act like you 're one of the others or some shit , i 'll need to order it from amazon . 
  til, 
  this seems oddly like you 're trying to prove something . 
  nope dont get it, 
   we only use information collected via the app to provide our service , and we never disclose it unless required by law or in an emergency . 
  if it 's not required by law , then what is an emergency ? 
  that could be literally anything . 
  way to go, 
  is there a downside ? 
  wait that was a girl ? 
  you should n't be anxious , because it is entirely possible and , if you really want to get into it , not at all unlikely . 
  it 's similar to the [ brain in a vat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brain_in_a_vat ) argument , but what it comes down to really is who gives a fuck ? 
  if you were in a coma right now and i 'm just a figment of your imagination or a character in your dream why should you give a shit ? 
  there 's really nothing to be scared of i do n't think . 
  if this is really oc , that was an incredible writeup . 
  i assume you were on either lsd or shrooms even though you never mentioned taking them explicitly . 
  what got * me * kind of weirded out was when you started by saying you were walking haight in sf with your friends , which i just did yesterday . 
  anyways great post , tagged as ` best person ' . 
  it 's called the spongebob , there 's a good tutorial on youtube, 
  just tell him that . 
  say you had a rough day at work and want to take a nap , no one wants to hang out with you if you 're trying to take a nap . 
  could definitely just be weed , but i had an inkling that you were n't stone cold sober when this idea hit you . 
  what about them makes you a fan ? 
  that 's how i killed my sister haha, 
  its not actually that funny . 
  i think its kind of horseshit he 's being fined at all , the dude had zero idea he was being recorded in the first place , i would be fucking livid . 
  surely i 'm not the only one who found that absolutely hilarious . 
  i 'm more than halfway to my college degree and this aired before i was born . 
  fascinating , my fingernails and toenails have over the past year or so gone from the usual pink to permanently a dark purple . 
  rip me !, 
  boobs . 
  that 's sad . 
  it 's funny how many people upvoted this comic but downvoted the comment it was responding to , do people really not realize that the guy who goes off on a tangent is supposed to be a total douche ? 
  what pompous dumbasses . 
  whats that from ? 
  hoooly fucking shit , i never realized taco from the league was the same guy from show me your genitals and everyday normal guy . 
  mind blown . 
  thanks , i think i only watched the first 2 seasons since that 's all that was on netflix , do you know which episode snoop appears in ? 
  ironic . 
  sf chiming in , you could move here too . 
  honestly just about any metropolitan area is super accepting of that kind of thing . 
  she had to kill them : /, 
  clearly you are not a single person in their mid 30s . 
  sheesh women wo n't even initiate when it 's * another woman . 
  if i 'm not mistaken 3 minutes is the actual average , i 'd link but i 'm on mobile but i 'm sure it 's readily available on google . 
  wow that last one , i do n't know how i would react if i were called to that . 
  yeah dude , the mean streets of palo alto !, 
  go on . . 
  would you file charges ? 
  this one does n't make sense . 
  how is this surprising ? 
  we stand to gain nothing from killing him .
