  yes , my sentiments exactly . 
  thank you !, 
  idk why no one seems to understand, 
  how does threes counteract that ? 
  seems like it would just be a flaw with the game itself , not specific implementation . 
  it 's not necessarily related to patriotism one way or the other , since that is just a love for the country and not necessarily the other citizens . 
  and yes there is a difference . 
  not popular on reddit , but i respect the honesty and wish people would n't be so dismissive of the idea that you should reap what you sow . 
  because you do n't have to own a car , but you have to live . 
  that 's because the official name of it is n't ` obamacare ' and in fact the term originated as a way for opponents of it to attack the bill , leading to mostly negative media tied to the name . 
  i think i read that too over on / r/gamedev , interesting . 
  holy shit that 's a lot of work . 
  hope he got a bj, 
  not necessarily . . 
  or wind , birds , trees or telephone lines !, 
  out of reddit ? 
  out of reddit ? 
  i thought i liked this until i dated someone in that category , the charm wore off, 
  hello there . 
  if you 're in sf we can hang out some time, 
  well . . by definition . . 
  hello, 
  technically i meet all three . 
  unrealistic standards, 
   freckles, 
  now it is !, 
  girls are so complicated !, 
  or college . 
  or twenties . 
  maybe it was already there when they discovered it in 2004 ? 
  google it you can find more credible sources i believe . 
  they like to let their feet stew in the 1.5 inches of sweat sloshing around in the boot . 
  i definitely would, 
  love playing pranks on my friends . 
  i have you tagged as * stupid douche * but this is a very reasonable idea . 
  maybe i 'll have to rethink your tag . 
  [ i guess we 'll never know now . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/20z8cw/netflix_blasts_internet_providers_consumers/cg8w5s6?context=3 ), 
  edit : if i remember correctly your deleted comment called me something like an ` autistic 16 year old pedant , whose only goal in life is to correct others ' , i 'm paraphrasing of course but apparently it was enough of an overreaction for you to delete your post . 
  you guys i think the movie is fictional . . did you cringe while watching batman or braveheart ? 
  you ca n't quantify how ` much ' of a part of the body you are using at any given moment , you are either using it or not . 
  the title of this post is just as misleading as the myth . 
   people continue to bitch at microsoft about something they have no control over . 
  they have no control over posting images online piggybacking on the success of a show that they have zero affiliation with in order to pander for popularity ? 
  because that 's what people are complaining about . 
  you 've got some mutant deer in the area, 
  owning a barn = rich, 
  all i see is a bunch of farm animals ? 
  ur a dumb guy, 
  lol, 
  * this is what men 's rights looks like !, 
  we * are * human . 
  seriously !, 
  how could a show targeted at 10 year olds possibly be associated with annoying kids ? 
  that 's pretty funny , but not the same . 
  that is pretty funny actually . 
  but is it really ` patented ' ? 
  i mean there are multitudes of companies that make them now , right ? 
  did you keep the receipt ? 
  you ca n't be certain . 
  i 'm not smart enough to appreciate this . . 
  i 've already got you tagged as ` makes math animations ' , which program do you use to create these ? 
  they 're very elegant . 
  i do n't understand the last kill , you never see the enemy right ? 
  did you shoot him through that barrier ? 
   i ca n't imagine trying to model an action figure , or even something as simple as a teacup . 
  this does n't refute your main point , but just so you know a ` teacup ' is actually one of the prime figures available in most 3d modelling applications right next to the sphere , cube , etc. 
  it 's kind of a tradition within the 3d modelling world . 
  it 's the weight of about $ 20 of marijuanas, 
  i do n't have one , i tried putting a tissue over the mic but i actually think it may have made it worse . 
  edit : the tissue was to make the mic stop picking up subtle lip-smacking noises when speaking normally , which for some reason were really accentuated in the recording . 
  both sound equally weird . 
  thanks , i 'll try that . 
  and it definitely was touching the mic before , i can see now how that does n't make sense haha . 
  well i just glanced over [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_laws_in_the_united_states_by_state ) , which says that both new york and california do , so there 's 1/5th of the country already . 
  did n't bother looking at the other states . 
  yeah what the fuck , how is brian/bryan below * declan * ? 
  kid 's shows are always ` fucked up ' to some degree . 
  invader zim is pretty tame compared to the current fotm , * rick and morty * , which in episode one shows an alcoholic grandfather vomiting . 
   the thing that makes you sound like a snake ? 
  a pop filter is not going to help with that at least i do n't think . 
  all it does it help minimize the hard p and b sounds . 
  okay that 's what i had thought , do you know of any good tutorials for adobe premier or audition de-essing ? 
  i 've never used those programs i always use audacity to record/remove white noise then vegas to edit everything else . 
  depending on region , your results may vary . 
  i imagine you kind of have to live in a bubble , i would n't have thick enough skin to put up with all the shit people give celebrities like paris hilton , justin bieber , etc. 
  ** celebs : ** *** they 're just like us !, 
  not hating fred phelps ? 
  that 's a beatin ' round these parts . 
  is this the often stated fact that 's wrong ? 
  because i think that 's definitely wrong, 
  i guess that makes sense that these are new babies that were named in 2013 , did n't really think of that . 
  i was going to say i know at least 7 different bryans but none of them are 1 year olds . 
  there are voluntary public figures and involuntary public figures . 
  and what does that even mean ? 
  anyone whose ever been part of a band practicing in their buddy 's garage has at least entertained the dream of one day having sold out concerts , are you saying they all deserve to be berated by thousands of people who have never met them simply because they 're successful ? 
  indiana has a population that is 87 % white . 
  lol, 
  the video just came out and first look is in the title , what was i supposed to do , rename the video for reddit ? 
  still a pretty solid overview,
