  looking back at history do you really consider the nazi regime successful in their ambitions ? 
  or do you think * maybe * there was some reason they needed to stop their genocide ? 
   the administration stopped abusing the nsa, 
  source ? 
  not sure , it 's an annoyance but apparently i 'm not alone . 
  then you should give this a look : [ sony 's music division sues sony 's entertainment division ] ( http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/sony-vs-sony/ ), 
  dick . 
  tagged as ` authority on lynching ', 
  i mean i was at least expecting you to provide somewhere where he says , `` i will not be using this nsa tech illegally '' or something along those lines and then we could debate about whether or not he was lying , but he does n't even say that !, 
  he just says that bush would have been * more * aggressive with it , this is like , proof against you in this discussion . 
  i 'm honestly blown away . 
  but yeah it 's cool people can believe what they want i guess . 
  i 'm not acting superior i was legitimately expecting that he had outright declared he would not pursue nsa tech in questionable practices . 
  the fact that you cited an article called `` obama 's path from critic to defender of spying '' to say anything along the lines of him stopping spying just caught me offguard . 
  yeah my bad i probably should have said something like , `` difference of opinion '' or something along those lines . 
  i mean honestly when it comes down to it neither of us know what the fuck is * really * going on behind closed doors , so all we can do is speculate with the small amount of information we have . 
  i still have you tagged as [ dumb cunt ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unexpected/comments/1ptcss/gender_roles/cd63qnd ) . 
  if you go through her ` top comments ' you can see nearly every single one is sexist against men or anti-male to some degree . 
  it 's just some extremist feminist psycho , i 'm sure she is n't bothered by the responses she gets . 
  every party is ok with x. 
  typical deadbeat fathers !, 
  what 's the point ? 
  the dragon face looks completely different than a human face . 
  white girl down . 
  no it is n't . 
  fun fact : in the timespan from when pluto was first discovered to when it was declassified as a planet , not even a year had passed on pluto . 
  kind of sad . 
  just drifting through space for billions of years astronomically close to a planet that has intelligent life just waiting to be noticed , only to be forgotten about 70 years later . 
  but . . but you can clearly see that even when they are both talking , the dragon 's lips move in completely different ways than the actor 's . 
  it 's like if i was going to paint an apple and looked at a banana for reference . 
   in most states , that age is 16 , with age of majority occurring at 18 . 
  in eleven states the age of consent is 18 . 
  wow i always thought like 45 of the states were 18 . 
   if you do a shrooms or lsd and you get mental health disorders because of it , it is your fault , and i have no sympathy . 
  why do you specifically mention marijuana as being okay in your post when just about all of the possible health concerns from lsd and psilocybin are also present with marijuana ? 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure if op really wanted his view changed he could have just spent 5 minutes googling . 
  expensive . 
   boom , 20 posts in the last half hour . 
  it now has 821 individual threads . 
  oh ^ fuck ^ its ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ cops !, 
  oh my god . . 
  i 've heard that reasonable person quote before though and wonder what it 's from , could 've sworn it was in relation to vitamin water . 
  but i mean what happens if you do n't ? 
  from what i understand what the irs does is n't strictly constitutional and people have won in court stating they do n't need to pay income tax at all , if i live in germany and do n't pay us taxes are they really going to ask for an international arrest and extradition ? 
  i 've been curious about doing something like that as well but do n't know the requirements . 
  i mean , do you and your wife both speak fluent south korean and have degrees in education ? 
  or are one or both of those things not required ? 
  probably for the best . 
  there 's certain things you do n't discuss on here if you do n't share the majority view : politics , weed , weight , etc. 
  used to be religion as well but thanks to the zealots over at / r/atheism that pendulum has kind of swung back . 
  i think he 's speaking about people who are underweight . 
  is `` serious lifting in the gym '' actually that beneficial to your overall health ? 
  i mean i 'm sure it 's better than not exercising at all but relatively speaking i was under the impression it 's actually not great at all at increasing life expectancy when compared to just running/biking/etc . 
  not sure if computer scientist or secret agent . 
  weed has actually been linked by numerous independent studies to activating latent mental disorders , most notably schizophrenia , even on first time uses . 
  i 'm on mobile so ca n't look it up but if you just google `` marijuana schizophrenia '' you 'll find plenty of material . 
  cool , thanks for the info !, 
  well , you stated that you believe trying any illicit drug harder than marijuana is incredibly idiotic . 
  you posted this in / r/changemyview . 
  what i 'm telling you is trying marijuana is just as idiotic as trying lsd , mushrooms , aspirin or even caffeine . 
   now , i do n't think trying aspirin is idiotic . 
  it 's effects are very well documented , it does n't in any way alter the mind , and it is designed to help you . 
   i see why caffeine if there , because it 's addictive , however it 's not really harmful . 
  also , it 's cheap , legal , and you an get it anywhere . 
  i think your view would probably change if you researched some of these other drugs . 
  aspirin does indeed effect the brain directly as that is how it induces pain relief , and there are hundreds of deaths each year due to aspirin overdose . 
  caffeine beyond just being addicting carries significant consequences for the heart and overall cardiovascular system , with a significant number of cases dealing with heart arrhythmia , heart murmurs and chronic heart palpitations being directly linked to caffeine use . 
  my point being every time you ingest anything you are making a risk-reward decision . 
  aspirin , acetaminophen ( tylenol ) and ibuprofen ( motrin ) are all shitty for your liver , have fatal overdose amounts and * can * lead to physical addictive qualities . 
  but people weigh the considerably low risk of these severe side effects happening compared to the amount of pain they are currently in . 
  the same goes for more intense pain that is treated with opiates like morphine and oxycontin , both of which have * extremely * high addiction rates . 
  what is this for ? 
  you never gilded it . 
  perhaps that explains the success of [ this game ] ( http://www.desura.com/games/ctdv ), 
  i do n't think it says that . 
  oooh interesting, 
  do n't be so anti-establishment, 
  i like your smile op, 
  oh nifty , i glanced right over that . 
  a couple lines down it also says the opposite though . 
   as a means of discouraging masturbation or other socially proscribed sexual behaviors , as a means of removing `` excess '' pleasure ,, 
  i knew it op is ugly !, 
  thanks for lying to us all with that marvelous ass you deceptive wench !, 
  holy shit you guys are perfect for eachother !, 
  after listening to that podcast i found out the city i live in also has a chief innovation officer . 
  i want that job . 
   largest consumer of beer, 
  this caught me off guard , for some reason i 've never heard of alcohol being common in modern china . 
  i always figured russia would be the biggest , or india due to population . 
  as someone living in san francisco , i love the sweet smell of chinese factories in the morning before class . 
  til it is n't `` loftly wedded wife '' . 
  homie is different , it does n't imply a certain gender, 
  i do n't know i probably first saw people getting married in a movie or something when i was like 3 years old , and at that point it seemed like a lot of words were used only when people got married since i had n't heard them before . 
  also thought the crime `` breaking and entering '' was `` breaking an entry '' until i was 18 . 
  i like my version better . 
  i like the username . 
  ha no it 's just a nifty sounding name i chose as an alias , though i 've been reminded many times of it 's similarity to that . 
  ha that show looks pretty funny but i find one of the actors too different looking to watch it . 
  at least you were only one letter off . 
  psh i 'm just ahead of the curve,
