  but no , disabling shadows is not really there for anyone since it requires you literally editing the game files . 
  you 're forcing the shadows to load on an unsupported version of directx so they do n't load . 
  just do n't see how that can be fun , but to each their own . 
  that 's fine . 
  even setting shadows to very low does n't completely disable them . 
  if you go into a house and it 's at all darker than it is outside , you do n't have shadows disabled . 
  it 's a very clear effect that can only be achieved by editing the config file . 
   the platform is at least 50 % christian ideals . 
  i forgot the bible dictated how we should manage the environment , education , fiscal policy , foreign affairs , gun rights and immigration . 
   if you support abortion and lgbt rights , why do you vote republican , which is completely opposed to the abortion and lgbt rights , instead of the democratic party which actively campaigns for those rights ? 
  because as a straight white male , those issues are hardly a blip on my radar . 
  things like healthcare , the economy , military , etc. 
  * do * have the potential to affect me and i generally disagree with the democratic ticket on how to handle those issues . 
  for what it 's worth , trump 's stance on abortion was `` leave it up to the states '' and he was also the first republican runner to bring an lgbt flag to campaign events and spoke out in favor of gay rights . 
  so honestly i think the idea that he is `` completely opposed '' to those rights is ridiculous . 
  if anything he may be similar to me and just not care that much one way or the other . 
  hopefully i do n't get too heavily downvoted for being honest . 
  i use alien blue still . 
  can confirm its good . 
  who 'd have guessed it, 
   the us literally only uses landmines in the korean dmz, 
  i fly 4-6 times a week for work , usually san-sfo . 
  since you mentioned sfo , i 'd like to say , that virgin is by far the objectively superior option for this flight . 
  they charge * the same amount of money * for more leg room , nicer seats and newer planes , in-flight entertainment , free wifi , etc. 
  the real lpt is in the comments . 
  buy a stock when it dips ? 
  stay away from / r/wallstreetbets, 
  do n't believe you . 
  send it . 
  that 's not how the stock price really works . 
  the value of the stock is defined by united 's customers , not the other way around . 
  if people actually stopped flying united in protest , the share price would drop . 
  he was running fast in the same direction as the players , he slipped as he tried to stop . 
  think of the karma !, 
  those classic potato computers that run recording software and still get 60fps . 
  i think that 's kind of a lame attitude . 
  you remind me of the people who use x-ray hacks in minecraft to get diamonds because `` everyone can do it '' . 
  just takes some of the fun out of the game , imo . 
  i 've had no problem getting chicken dinner without needing to edit the config files on my system to mess up the graphics . 
  but i guess to each their own . 
  too late to buy a ticket ? 
  can you explain how the iv % correlates to the predicted underlying movement amounts ? 
  honest question . 
  like i get why iv rises and falls , but is there an actual direct ratio of iv : predicted price movement ? 
  like how did you know a 10-12 % move was priced ? 
   you have a chance of paying back the loan eventually . 
  well i 'm sold . 
  also said by people who voted romney , mccain , john kerry , etc. 
  that i did n't steal a thing , so baby do n't keep my plane . . 
  relevant username, 
  this is very different from california . 
  and elephant rafts !, 
   musicisn , yeah . 
  that 's good . 
  sick so did you come to the comments to discuss world politics or what ? 
  are you trying to create really smart ants ? 
  i 'm reading that book right now per reddit 's suggestion , actually . 
  not bad / 10, 
  were god to exist , i do n't see why it would be weird for each life-harboring planet to have been given their own creation story . 
  what would be the point of telling us how he created the xarquads in gollyshwop if they are 100 lightyears away from us ? 
  can you only use one version of there/they 're / their per day or something ? 
  that argument is ridiculous lol, 
  you could fill it in with sand, 
  i know i just want to wear it to the mall, 
  spectacular !, 
  this comment chain is like a train wreck i ca n't look away from, 
  i mean . . $ 100/hr . . 
   they probably were awake during the entire fall . 
  as comforting a thought as that is . . 
  i do n't think it 's very likely . 
  the 104th floor would not have collapsed if the 105th floor did not make contact with it . 
  i 'd guess that each floor 's occupants almost certainly died before a couple floors beneath them gave out . 
  we have the best tweets , do n't we folks ? 
   their reproductive organs are internal like ours , not chillin ' on the outside of their bodies like chimps . 
  are you female by chance ? 
  unlike an actual trench it went over her head so i tried [ making it more obvious . 
  whatever works !, 
  [ you would get along with my friend . 
  marianna , unfortunately . 
  you could downvote this comment, 
  in all aspects except tinder , brother . 
  [ this is for you ] ( http://bfy.tw/4zk9 ), 
  [ war is hell . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l30yiq3fn94 ), 
  what the fuck ? 
  how long do you spend on each place ? 
  this is insane, 
   3 hours on the phone every night for 4-5 weeks, 
  holy shit, 
  complete anarchy !, 
  pvp !, 
  no rules !, 
  epic world !, 
  24/7 uptime !, 
  a famous man once said , `` art is the triumph over chaos . 
  '' , then somebody killed him , stole his items , and griefed his house . 
  if that sounds like a good time to you, 
  or you enjoy the thrill of building a base on a server where your life and loot is in constant jeapardy , then craft chaos might be the, 
  right server for you . 
  we have no rules .
