  i was under the impression they ported it -  pc, 
  im sure people will improve as the game is out longer, 
  not too much ` new ' about titanfall tbh , though they have excellent pr to make people feel otherwise . 
  that being said i 'm not considering returning it, 
  i got it on xbox but upvoted , hopefully someone can help . 
  out of curiosity why do n't you like playing in russian ? 
  same here !, 
  been at 49 % a while : c, 
  mine is more zoomed in than op 's , unfortunately neither shitty xbox nor my shitty tv allow any settings to change it . 
  going through xbox 's display guide at least was able to diagnose the problem though . 
  eh , once you get to my age you learn to just let whatever happens happen . 
  i 've had a good run, 
  yes, 
  to be fair that 's pretty much my strategy as well, 
   you should see his sick 10 minute roach/ling timing attack, 
  god dammit now whenever that attack decimates me i 'm going to be thinking `` i could have just been destroyed by a 6 year old . . '', 
  explain, 
  congratulations to her !, 
  never seen that shira girl before but this podcast made me really dislike her , the sexist comment about men and constantly trying to bring members of her own crew on stage . 
  that being said im just a cynical douche , and her under the bus reaction was pretty funny . 
  how can you even reddit ? 
  not even, 
  i found this post beautiful in its simplicity . 
  i disagree , as a former young kid i think it was easier to grasp `` no college = mcdonald 's employee '' rather than `` this person has their own life and ambitions and is just taking a part-time job to help pay for college tuition '' . 
  too complicated, 
  that 's how every argument i get into with this guy ends , dudes a lunatic, 
   i think it 's strange that a lot of my customers here post in subs like the red pill . 
  they act all macho in their public comments and then are generally the most timid once they message you privately . 
  they 're the ones that i can charge the most and they do n't normally argue on price . 
  they 're depressing and i 'd feel bad for doing that to them if they did n't publicly put down women so much . 
  have you ever actually been to trp ? 
  sorry my dude !, 
  what 's your degree in if you do n't mind me asking, 
  check his post history he 's just some extremist feminist troll, 
  i feel like woman  lady . 
  and the syllables would still work in the context . 
   i just assumed it was a hoodie pocket . 
  . . you guys all know that this did n't really happen right ? 
  same , professor just have me a look, 
  ** frisbee was invented by college students in connecticut who would buy apple pies from ms. frisbee and throw the tin around after it had been eaten . 
  yeah i wonna hear a story, 
  is that jake gylenhal ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  interesting , it looks pretty much the same as [ deja vu ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li5u-syyg-c ), 
  oh my god that last sentence , what a twist . 
  o.o that whole story is pretty funny though , seems like straight out of a sitcom . 
  i never announce to other people that i 'm ` dating ' someone unless i 've already explicitly confirmed that with the girl i 'm with , so luckily this kind of thing has n't happened to me haha, 
  sounds more like ignorance . 
  jeeze dude why do n't you just tell us your whole life story, 
  perhaps not , but judging by the nearly 2,000 upvotes of this meme and some of the ridiculous comments in here i 'd say a large amount of women * do * use the word more liberally than what is probably fair . 
   like its okay to feel down or upset about being called creepy , because being turned down or insulted is lame . 
  but acting like its the greatest injustice that no woman could ever understand . . well . . `` do n't stick your dick in crazy '' hurr hurr hurr, 
  hm , i 'm glad to see you acknowledge that the term ` creepy ' is pretty insulting , though i 'd say not nearly as bad as being called a ` creep ' . 
  but i 'm not sure it 's fair to compare it to ` do n't stick your dick in crazy ' since the latter is general advice said from one guy to another , probably a friend ; whereas calling someone creepy either to their face or someone else is directly making them feel like total shit and probably making them doubt future interactions with the opposite sex . 
  what do you think ? 
  you 're my favorite person . 
  wow that quoted part was very well put , really puts things in perspective to be honest . 
  i 'd still say that due to the fact that ` creepy ' is often used to describe someone 's immediate presence to either themselves or the people around them it has , at least partially , a more significant short-term ` shotgun ' impact where that individual will immediately feel shameful for actions that they may have not even interpreted as unusual in the first place . 
  for example i was at a house party ( college ) and saw a guy near the center of the room standing next to two women who were talking to eachother . 
  it looked like he was trying hard to think of a segway to start chatting with one of them when all of a sudden the girl talking says , `` can you go away you fucking creep ? '', 
  guy was completely destroyed , people around heard and looked at him and i could tell a couple guys who heard were ready to pounce on this guy because they thought he was harassing these women , so he left the party immediately . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is both are really unfair and damaging to a person 's character and reputation , and the beautiful way you 've written your last post clearly shows that , but i feel like the immediate repercussions of being called ` creepy ' are pretty severe for men , while an ex-girlfriend or something being called ` crazy ' is almost a common trope in society just like ` the lazy dumb dad ' in sitcoms . 
  do you think this idea holds any water ? 
  oh wow one smoke detector can set off the whole building 's alarms ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  did you finish watching it , what did you think ? 
  that whole ` woah man there 's a car that runs on water ' was pretty much what all four of them were talking about the entire podcast . 
  as far as any kind of immaturity which i think is what you meant to say when you said druggie personality , i did n't notice much except maybe from rogan 's buddy . 
  what specifically do n't you like about him ? 
  what specifically did n't you like about rogan ? 
  ca n't say i 'm too excited since i 'm kind of jelly of that cash cow . 
   i 'm not trying to shit on the guy, 
  i see that , and trust me when i say i 'm not trying to defend the guy , i 've only ever seen 2 of his podcasts , but i think iirc he said about everest `` only crazy fucks do it that want to risk their life '' or something along those lines , not that people wo n't do it anymore . 
  i think burnie is the guy who brought up people not doing it anymore because they can just chase the high with technology . 
  but maybe i 'm misinterpreting things , technical difficulties aside i think it might be worth the watch . 
  the conversation topics definitely steer more towards jre than rt podcast though . 
  i 'm 19 and poor how the fuck am i supposed to file taxes ? 
  wow . 
  i read online it 's 400 , which i did make over . 
  oh shit i did n't know you guys posted videos on reddit, 
  well it did n't really start as a ` joke ' per se , reddit just made it into a joke when it started saying it . 
  pearson is the biggest piece of shit monopoly in this country and i 'm actually taking screenshots and writing detailed notes as i go through courses with them of every fuckup they have in the hopes that i can inspire some venture capitalist to create competition for them . 
   when the kid does n't have to fear criminal repercussions for admitting using it . 
  . . what ? 
  there would be the same repercussions as there are for having alcohol in high school . 
   often program or read books while high, 
  i could not possibly program when i used to smoke . 
  or , i could but it would take like 10x longer for marginally worse results . 
  holy fuck i 'm glad orwellian psychos like you are n't making decisions that affect me . 
   if you choose not to vaccinate your kids . . you should go to jail and have your child taken away from you, 
   how is that orwellian ? 
  thank you for your input , unfortunately the hivemind does not agree with what either of us have said . 
  i 'm saying a lot of vaccines are pushed out extremely early and people are getting them when there has been 0 testing on the long-term effects of these drugs . 
  this is n't just a government `` oversight '' but is actually a necessity when dealing with vaccines against viruses such as the flu ; since the flu mutates so rapidly there is no possibility for extended testing phases because by the time it 's been thoroughly tested it will no longer be effective . 
  and this is n't zeitgeist paranoia-speak , this is just a fact that is corroborated by the cdc and the people who manufacture these vaccines . 
  that being said , it 's great that the vaccines we have now have been as successful as they are , but i 'm pretty sure people wo n't be so happy when one day 2 , 3 or 10 years from now their child contracts a severe illness or dies from a vaccine that was required or they would lose parental custody . 
   have you read 1984 ? 
  yeah because she looked 11 during the series, 
  are you a robot ? 
  chuckled,
