  that makes sense , thanks !, 
  thanks for explaining and going in so much depth !, 
  i think i 'm starting to understand now . 
  bummer you 're getting downvoted , i think it 'd obvious he was mimicking ownagepranks since he even said the same exact phrases with the same inflection . 
  i think i 'm just tired of so many people impersonating an impersonator and thinking they 're funny . 
  why would you even test that if you thought that 's what would happen ? 
  i think he 's saying that a double standard would be if a girl attempted to excuse her behavior or actions due to the fact that she was `` pms ` ing '' while at the same time the guy would be unable to ask , `` are you on your period ? '', 
  when she becomes unreasonably worked up, 
  right , but you could also have pms and have an illegitimate reason to be upset , correct ? 
  you should know now to post something like that in a thread with so many female redditors lurking about , at least it looks like 6 honest fellows upvoted you . 
  for what it 's worth i thought it was kinda funny . 
  mathematically , would n't that just be a single point ? 
  warning : tastes like stale apple juice with a hint of urine . 
  that being said i like it better than natty ice or coors light, 
  honestly no matter how you word it or start the conversation it 's going to come off as , `` so after you left the house i started snooping through your emails and . . '', 
  obviously in this scenario that is n't the case , but i 'm not sure how else it could possibly be interpreted that you just `` opened the computer and could n't help but notice right in front of me these grouper emails '' . 
  so be prepared for that . 
  i think the point is , if any of his hobbies were previously able to take place in the home ( i.e. 
  he does n't care if there 's a little sawdust on the living room floor ) and then it suddenly becomes * unable * or not allowed to happen in his home , that 's trading down . 
  i 'm an ab + guy myself . 
  where on earth are you finding $ 1 bread ? 
  omg youve been misinterpreting it all along !, 
  appearance is always the easiest insult to make , whether you 're fat , skinny , tall , short , have buck teeth , braces , dyed hair , bad skin etc. 
   there are many counter-examples of not-so fat people who gained weight due to emotional eating after being fat shamed, 
  at what point is it socially acceptable to say i just do n't give a fuck and it 's not my problem ? 
  if i called someone an ugly idiot ( i would never ) and they killed themselves that night , i 'm not about to let that rest on my conscience for one minute . 
  at what point is it reasonable to assume that , `` it 's pretty clear this person already had mental issues and that they were n't just a few weeks away from accepting their `` happiest person on earth ! '', 
  award before i completely transformed the course of events and caused their cheerful life to spiral down with my offhanded comment '', 
  just like if you are going to eat your life away if i call you fat ( i would n't ) , there 's clearly some kind of psychological disconnect that ca n't be blamed on my stupid remark . 
  i have severe allergies to certain clothing materials so much so that i would be effected just by accidentally brushing past someone wearing it . 
  this caused issues as a kid going through school , but i did n't form organizations and support groups and have school assemblies in my honor making other children not wear what they wanted to , i took responsibility for my own hand that i was dealt . 
  sounds like a cool girl . 
   the `` i 'm trying to win a bet '' thing, 
  could you be more specific ? 
  like did you lean in and whisper , `` hey my buddies over there do n't believe that i can date you for 6 months '', 
  no no no that 's a napkin . 
  this is really something you do when your parents are n't home , it 's late at night and your sisters in the next room . 
  hm , only way to know for certain is if we repeat the procedure using my account . 
  i 'm with geoff , except i also feel the same way about vine . 
  so if anyone around the office asks what flope thinks you can tell em that . 
  well as it so happens , gavin , michael , ray and others * have * been on it . 
   i 'm just curious what sorts of things around the ah office would you want to see more of in the form of social media . 
  you should embed a live feed of gus ' webcam in his house on the front page of the site . 
  i know you 're joking but might want to make it more clear in case others do n't , do n't want people who actually believe this to think they are being validated . 
  and the guy did n't press charges , which many women in this type of situation are likely to do . 
  sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but demographically reddit is predominantly male . 
   it 's fucking infantile and weak and pathetic . 
  well , honestly your exaggeration was pretty infantile , something i 'd expect a 14 year old to have written . 
  it 's interesting how you can identify so many aspects of his life from just the single word , `` nice '' . 
  the story goes deeper . 
  this could be the longest con i 've ever seen !, 
  love your username . 
  that 's better . 
   and grab me a sandwich while you 're in the kitchen bitch . 
  and *** what 's *** the deal with airline food ? 
  i still dont get it, 
  if he 's forgiven and you 're thecuntlicker , then who am i ? 
  yeah but why birds and bees ? 
  it seems so arbitrary , why not the babes and the bronies ? 
  ahh okay thanks !, 
  i did n't realize it was * two different * teachers , i kept thinking , `` would n't the teacher remember giving the kid fucking porn ? '', 
  cheers, 
  holy shit , it 's so funny that you said that haha . 
  i literally wrote out the comment , and then read it to myself before hitting reply and thought , `` hm , fucking sounds a little forced behind teacher , i should really put it behind porn since that 's the more unusual word , teachers are pretty average in a school setting '' . 
  i guess it 's just one of those times when there 's no comfortable place to put it . 
   glad i 'm not crazy . 
  christ how can people watch this show, 
  i wonder what backstage snooty is like , i hope he has n't let all of the fame get to him . 
  so saying something is n't real gives credibility ? 
  the holocaust never happened . 
  seriously when will games start incorporating high fives ? 
  what 's what ? 
  aa is alcoholics anonymous . 
  i think he 's saying that one leads to the other . 
  so does it make you angry when people who did overcome an addiction are praised ? 
  no no no , now i see why you think it 's silly . 
  you see they are n't getting credit for making better choices now per se , they are getting congratulated on recovering from addiction , which is objectively incredibly difficult to do . 
  it 's like if you liked to do extreme biking as a hobby , and one day when you were alone dirt biking in a mountain you slipped and fell off a cliff and broke both of your legs . 
  over the next 5 days you crawled and clawed your way up out of the ditch you fell in and slid your way back to cvilization , that 's super impressive !, 
  you might not want to go biking near cliffs anymore , or at least not alone , which would be you `` stopping making shit choices '' but no one is going to run up and say , `` congratulations on not biking near cliffs anymore , that 's really great ! '', 
  though they might congratulate you on not giving up when fighting your way out of a barren gorge with two broken legs . 
  does that make sense ? 
   if you create you 're own problem there 's nothing amazing about overcoming it . 
  i ca n't believe you really think that . 
  but when you make one of those mistakes that could affect you for years , or the rest of your life , you do n't think it 's a bit special if you somehow remedy the mistake before it brings you down with it ? 
  i just, 
   if you create you 're own problem there 's nothing amazing about overcoming it . 
  i think that is way too general . 
  there 's a million examples of mistakes people make that i still think is amazing when they overcome it . 
  mothers who lift crashed cars off of their children even though they knew the risks of bringing them on a busy street . 
  doctors getting sick from malaria and other diseases and then recovering , even though they knew the risks when travelling to southern africa to help . 
  i do n't understand , are you saying that when you get addicted to drugs you are putting more potential risk/harm on others or less than doing `` every day life '' ? 
  i think it could be argued either way . 
  so on that note , what if i meet a girl at a party and we talk for a long time and i 'd just like to be friends with her and hang out with her again so i ask her number ? 
  am i leading her on in this case ? 
  how else am i supposed to assure that i will see her in the future if i do n't have her number ? 
  it 's not like we 're guaranteed to go to the same party again ( big university ) . 
  i 've enjoyed our civil discourse , but unfortunately it 's 3am where i am and my brain is becoming foggy from sleepiness . 
  my next thoughts would have been a more elaborate/better written :, 
  - something something - many movies modern/classic have a key plot characteristic of the protagonist making mistakes and bad decisions early in the movie , only to take corrective action and admirably make amends with the situation .
