  everytime he would smoke the dog would run up and put his nose up to my friends mouth for when he exhaled . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a conscious decision , but even pets know that if something is unpleasant for them they wo n't repeat the decision over/over/over . 
   i think everyone ( * of sound mind ) should try acid or shrooms once, 
  i tell this to all of my friends who have n't tried it . 
  not pressuring them , but letting them know that if they did ever want to try it i have been there and would be there to support them and make sure it 's a fantastic experience !, 
  note : what you put in parenthesis is very important as well . 
  nightmares : activated, 
  i ca n't seem to find any credible sources other than an old tale of an elephant tripping out , but perhaps i have n't looked long enough . 
  hm , i 'm not sure where you are getting this information from , but there have been no recorded human fatal overdoses from lsd , and as a consequence of this there is actually no agreed upon fatal dose , though estimates for what one may be are much higher than what you have written . 
  to give you an idea , there is only one - suspected - overdose of lsd , which took place in 1975 where upon arriving on the scene police found that the victim had already perished . 
  there are indications that this individual had injected ~ ** 320,000 micrograms ** intravenously . 
  edit - source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lysergic_acid_diethylamide#dosage, 
  i 'm assuming you may have come upon your information from erowid ? 
  they seem to have similar figures, 
  hey is this true ? 
  i 'm really curious about this especially given the videos that have been posted above about cats on lsd . 
  did you notice your dog exhibiting any weird behavior ? 
  ( i.e. 
  did you think she felt it ? ), 
  ouch, 
  - put the following on the same line, 
  [ hey this could be your link ! ], 
  ( http://xkcd.com/557/ ), 
  haha you totally just stole that guys entire mean of existing on reddit and have more karma from your single comment than his entire account, 
  hm , fancy meeting you here . 
  sorry i killed you, 
  that was my 11th grade history book !, 
  hi laotion i 'm bryan . 
  i never thought of it that way : ' c, 
  would you rather have a crime committed against you or be punished for a crime you did n't commit ? 
  guess that 's what it boils down to . 
  do n't be so crabby . 
  ^ i 'm ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  ha sounds about my speed as well . 
  gold . 
  enjoy . 
  oh fuck , i have no clue why i was expecting an answer in the ballpark for a couple weeks . 
  edit : does this mean you generally receive spurts of commission every half a year or so ? 
  or do you have a stable income annually ? 
  i think they 're serious . 
  i agree 100 % , i am in disbelief that people still find it funny at all . 
  that picture is one of the top 3 overused reddit things that make me rage . 
  why the fuck do people upvote this shit ? 
  maybe if i make a novelty that literally just posts these everywhere everyone will get sick of it and the fad will die !, 
  * loose -  lose, 
  someone please explain this joke to me . 
  edit : looking back i think it has to do with the title of the listing , but do please confirm if i am right , world . 
  do cars just grow on trees over there ? 
  wow this is incredible !, 
  wish i had thought of it first, 
  haha, 
  this man speaks the truth !, 
  [ 1 in 5,000 people worldwide have this . ], 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marfan_syndrome ), 
  does n't exhibit any of the physical characteristics of a `` junkie '' other than being thin . 
  i 'm almost certain it 's marfan syndrome . 
  nope . 
  nope, 
  for how long do you think you guys will milk your 10th anniversary ? 
  was n't the first post about it on roosterteeth like over 2 months ago , or is the 10th anniversary the entire 10th year that the show is running ? 
  love , bryan, 
  dude he already said he feels bad you do n't need to make him feel worse . 
  sorry if this is common knowledge or was answered previously , but what exactly were you doing when rooster teeth reached out to you ? 
  were you managing social media for another company and they liked your style or something else ? 
  -- bryan ( i 'm putting my name too ), 
  damn there goes my shot . 
  people can never look past the horns . 
  or is it , a great idea ? 
  edit : just have a mirror office in the uk with stunt doubles for the entire staff , but instead everyone will be english except for gavin 's replacement , john , who is the only american . 
  bum bum , tsh !, 
  i believe in you . 
  theskyishigh is probably from murica therefore his definitions are world definitions . 
  is this yet to be weaponized ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110112054333/batman/images/a/a3/nealadamsbatman.jpg ), 
  never have i seen a comment like this on reddit that had more upvotes than downvotes . 
  i think you are imagining it , probably because you are on your period , wench . 
  do n't worry you are . 
  maybe to you . 
  how much money did you make on an average `` bond '' ( if i am understanding right ) ? 
  and , what did your annual income end up being around ? 
  is it common for bounty hunters to work solo or with partners like in the video ? 
  i would feel scared for my safety if i had to go alone and apprehend an unwitting meth addict . 
  how the fuck is this world news ? 
  i like the username , does it by chance stem from the south park episode where jimmy joins the crips ? 
  some people just do n't walk the walk, 
  well if you go into it like it 's an `` experiment '' it must have been pretty obvious she would have acted badly when she found out . 
   i hated being skinny as shit growing up, 
  until when ? 
  this for sure, 
  you probably just did n't hear him down there . 
  not for men . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  `` omg i just happened to be reading up on missed connections to see if you had posted !, 
  i 'm so glad i saw this , and - oh !, 
  there you are behind the window like you said !, 
  let 's get married ! '', 
  i think i 've unearthed some kind of correlation . 
  zombie jesus is for real . 
  the best . 
  because the people that read them then go to reddit and pass off the joke as their own , only for the next poster to find a relevant ( read : source ) xkcd,
