  i 'm learning japanese right now and this threw me for a loop . 
  this comment , dude . 
  good for you . 
  have some karma , you kind soul !, 
  a chair . 
  okay then , i have a question . 
  how should i respond to a lifeguard/rescue swimmer if they are coming towards me when i 'm about to drown ? 
  i mean , i can swim , but if i were drowning i think the first instinct would obviously be to grab onto something/someone who * is n't * drowning . 
  the problem i have with this meme is that it does n't dispel this notion that obama does n't know what he 's doing . 
  he knows exactly what he 's doing . 
  he is trying to change this country . 
  he wants america to become more like the rest of the world . 
  we do n't want to be like the rest of the world ; we want to be the united states of america . 
  [ there may not be an opportunity to do so ] ( http://www.kare11.com/traffic/road-buckle-sends-vehicles-airborne-on-mn-highway/240125853 ), 
  seems like that does n't happen that often . 
  seems like there is just one particular group of people doing a lot of the killing . 
  i live in a state where there is no ` passing lane ' , just a fast lane . 
  if i 'm going 80mph already then no one should be riding my ass . 
  call 911 if it 's an emergency . 
  excessive alcohol and drug use will do that to you . 
  the tattoos , that is . 
  pretty sure she does n't want hand sanitizer rubbed all over/in her pussy . 
  holy shit this explains so much . 
  was always curious why the bottom of my tongue would hurt for days , the tooth thing makes perfect sense . 
  excuse me sir this is / r/politics , please leave . 
  some say he 's still returning that ps2 game to this day . 
  my first grade teacher told the entire class that santa was n't real . 
  some kids knew ; some did n't . 
  christian school . 
  fun day . 
   what 's the difference , you can see your feet ? 
  feet quality really did shoot up in halo 2 though . 
  no more sliding off of player 's heads or warthogs . 
  you could double jump teammates onto buildings and stuff or superbounce . 
  man nothing fills me with nostalgia like halo 2 . 
  everyone is ken m. 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm glad that he is now free of pain . 
   you 're currently living in an unprecedented era of peace for humanity . 
  that would depend on what you define as an ` era ' . 
  you could say today there was more violence in the world than yesterday . 
  likewise this month has had more terrorism-related deaths than july of last year . 
  this year has had more violence than last year as a whole . 
  if you 're just saying that we are n't killing each other with sticks or putting people in concentration camps or nuking japan then yeah , i guess this is the most peaceful era . 
  but that does n't change the fact that right now , in this small timeframe of a couple years or so , the world has been seeing a steady increase in these kinds of attacks . 
  i think it 's the person who is out of scale . 
  there are no l 's in it . 
  wait wut how old are you ? 
  a better analogy would be that you are n't gay but you also think homosexuals should have an equal voice and rights . 
  it seems from most of his tweets that he is n't actively pro-repub or pro-dem . 
  i guess the fact that he mentions trump in a lot in his tweets in a non-disparaging way is enough for most redditors to label him a trump supporter . 
  based on the protests/riots i 've seen from anti-trumpers this year , i 'd tend to agree . 
  username, 
  for real , are we really stooping so low as to say that anyone who disagrees with us simply does n't `` understand '' the topic ? 
  which one ? 
  was going to say this . 
  i was recently hiring for a teaching position and decided to reach out on facebook . 
  the first few messages i got were from people asking , `` do you drug test ? '', 
  i mean , no we do n't , but i do n't really want you working with kids now either . 
   also made fun of someone today, 
  socal confirmed . 
  i used to smoke weed ; i know what it 's like . 
  i still do not think it 's wise to have someone who is in the midst of using illicit substances join an organization that is supposed to provide a positive influence for an impressionable child . 
  i would n't have done it back when i used to smoke , and i do n't think those who currently do should either . 
  once it is legalized , in my mind i would be more comfortable with the situation . 
  though i would n't want someone who is getting drunk off their ass more than 2 nights a week to be a role model for my kid either , for what it 's worth . 
   i 've married a bear, 
  you and me both buddy ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  we just are n't understanding each other i think , but i appreciate the discussion !, 
  i think you need an anatomy class . 
   hahahaha . 
  i 'm sorry man . 
  good for her for sticking to what she believes in and not caving to peer pressure ; otherwise that 's the kind of shit that gives us the patriot act . 
   also there 's that pesky wage gap issue . 
  do you feel like that has affected you personally ? 
  how polite . 
  they are n't mutually exclusive . 
  nms starts with randomly generated seed values that build procedurally , each with randomized outcomes . 
  yo if some other intelligent species is poking around our shit after humans are extinct i fucking hope they unleash nuclear fallout and die off . 
  earth is our planet , \\ #rideordie, 
  [ reminded me of this comic . 
  ] ( http://extrafabulouscomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/sports.png ), 
  it 's actually still the london olympics even if they did know . 
  [ i 've been found out . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrypn2cpay8 ), 
  trying to think how the fuck i could possibly do this without immediately spilling an entire mouthful of wine down my chin and onto my shirt . 
  i guess the former . 
  someone called me out for being a programmer , so i figured i 'd share my tutorials in case other wanted to learn to be as pedantic as i am !, 
   i see ... you just worded it strangely , like you were there or something, 
  insecurity ^ ^ tm, 
  is your penis 0 inches ? 
   change both every hour . 
  til how girls work . 
  thought like 2 per day would do the trick . 
  that 's more than i 'm making now !, 
  sounds like a dream !, 
  where do i apply ? 
  post history does not check out, 
  wow . 
  just another day in maine .
