  since each deck consists of 30 cards , you can only draw that many ( minus your starting hand ) during the game . 
  when you run out of cards to draw , you take an increasing amount of damage each time you are * supposed * to draw a card . 
  the first time it 's 1 damage , then 2 , then 3 , then 4 , etc. 
  classes that do well with fatigue games generally have ways of healing themselves so they can live longer than their opponent while they both take damage from running out of cards . 
  for instance if a warlock with 15hp and a warrior with 15hp and 30 armor run out of cards on the same turn , it will take the warlock only 5 turns until he dies of fatigue damage , while the warrior could last an additional 4 turns . 
  cards like reno jackson which restore your hero to full health are also good in these decks . 
  in general it might be a good idea to just make a ` basic ' zoo deck from what you can find online and then compare the minions/spells in it with the ones you have in your collection to substitute better cards in . 
  for instance you have 2 forbidden rituals and 2 darkshire councilmans which are both doing very well in zoolock right now . 
  if you 're ever unsure if a specific card is good or not you could always look up that card on youtube to see what popular streamers think of it . 
  i know kripparrian and trump do card reviews and i 'm sure many others . 
  is renounce actually good ? 
  i imagine it 'd be too random . 
  not sure if there 's a conversion between dollars and pounds in hearthstone but i 'll assume not . 
  a bundle of 7 packs costs $ 9.99 . 
  that means you can buy 3 bundles of 7 , or 21 packs . 
  in order to get the * most amount of different cards * and avoid duplicates as often as possible , i would buy a 7 pack bundle of each of the 3 types . 
  the other option would be to buy a 15 pack bundle for $ 19.99 and a 7 pack bundle for $ 9.99 . 
  i do n't think the one extra pack is worth the high possibility of getting duplicate cards , but if you do choose to go this route i 'd get 15 of the whispers of the old gods packs and 7 of the grand tournament packs . 
  or if you do n't want to go the pack route you can buy the league of explorers adventure and see what you have left . 
  you can look up online which cards you get as rewards for that adventure so you can see what cards your ' e guaranteed to get . 
   i would probably see him amongst legend players . 
  he actually was part of a tournament which mixed streamers and pro players and he ended up winning , much to his surprise haha, 
   at this point , you only really see c'thun druid on the ladder . 
  i 'm playing rank 3 with cthun warrior . 
  that sounds interesting , could i see your decklist ? 
  i meant if you were to make your opponent draw cards like with coldlight oracle or naturalize for example . 
  fixed . 
  * friend catches on fire *, 
  me : * puts a glass on their head and throws tissues at them *, 
  wow , i honestly expected him to look worse than he does . 
  still terribly tragic , and abhorrent of the father . 
  good to see the guy survived though and is using his experience to help others . 
  i have insulated hands . 
  you should always have an emergency doorknob in your house in case of a fire . 
  you can pick one up at your local home depot . 
  people in general are a very reactionary species , so yeah this did lead to improved regulation but it 's unfortunate that regulation was n't there before the tragedy . 
  just like [ the triangle shirtwaist factory fire which killed around 150 people in new york city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triangle_shirtwaist_factory_fire ) . 
  multiple exits to the building were * locked * to prevent possible theft by the workers . 
  so as people rushed to these exits they were trapped and burned alive . 
  this is of course illegal now . 
  there was also [ the station nightclub fire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_station_nightclub_fire ) which killed 100 people and injured another 230 . 
  this was mostly due to poor/non-existant exit signs guiding people out , in addition to some other bizarre stuff such as :, 
   a number of survivors later stated that a bouncer stopped people trying to escape via the stage exit , stating that that door was `` for the band only . '', 
  [ for those with netflix ] ( https://www.netflix.com/watch/80001104?trackid=13752289&amp;tctx=0%2c0%2cb98ad7e9d6ede33286cd147d45388c6a6388f138%3a6a8d4f94455f62de3ac59a77954b98689072e681 ), 
   two of the most flawed candidates in history, 
  give me a fucking break dude . 
  how many elections have you been alive for ? 
  woah i did n't know this card existed, 
  i was thinking elite tauren chieftain , but i can see sylvanas as well . 
  username checks out, 
  wait what ? 
  where is this one that you need 1k for ? 
  have n't heard about it . 
   7-9 $ is a ton to a 14 year old . 
  not for most californians i 'd say . 
   i 'd probably find someone my age more interesting if they said that they did n't smoke weed . 
  that was me going to college in san francisco . 
  i had quit smoking weed/cigarettes back in high school . 
  people looked at me like i had 2 heads when i said i did n't smoke . 
   source : i 'm a medical student, 
  this scares me . 
  why not quit ? 
  before you get to a pack a day ? 
  looks like a guy flipping me off while snorkeling . 
  well shit now i need to do something better . 
  carlsbad , california . 
  reminds me [ of this fucking dope song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq0zdnshyku ) . 
  the video contains definition for a good chunk of bay area slang words . 
  i actually first saw it when my professor showed the class in a class called ` hip-hop workshop ' . 
  good times . 
   i 've seen this happen to women , and it ends badly if the guy is n't interested . 
  jokes about her being slutty and a psycho and then the jokes with other guys that she is giving it away . 
  sounds like the same shit that a guy would have to deal with when being rejected by a girl . 
  `` oh my god , he 's such a creeper . 
  '' , etc. 
  that being said , i 've still never seen this `` slut shaming '' in real life , and i 've been through high school and college where i imagine that type of immature behavior is most likely to come up . 
  maybe you just hang out with shitheads . 
   it 's rare that we have literally no thoughts, 
  maybe rare but not impossible !, 
  what a cool map !, 
  i grew up partly in lake tahoe and would always try to catch these `` crawdads '' as a kid . 
  then i moved to maine and heard `` crayfish '' and now in socal people say `` crawfish '' . 
  personally i think crayfish is the best . 
  went to high school in san diego and college in san francisco . 
  i get that the * stereotype * is that girls who are extraordinarily aggressive sexually are seen as sluts , i 've just never heard or seen a scenario where a girl asking a guy out or trying to have sex with a guy makes people think she 's a slut . 
  i honestly think this idea only persists because it gives women an ` out ' so they do n't have to do the approaching . 
  though i 've never seen this response from either gender i have heard from reddit that apparently it 's much more common among women to call other women sluts , loose , etc. 
  if they have multiple sexual partners in a small time period . 
  and it 's not like i 'm a shut-in who has n't been exposed to that stuff , i was into the party scene all throughout school . 
  but i 've just never been talking to someone and heard anything remotely close to , `` yeah sally tried to have sex with me tonight , such a whore . '', 
  i 've missed you so muuuuuuuchhhh !!!!!, 
  who the fuck says docu then ? 
   kinda surprised they did n't cut that in editing , especially with burnie 's pause making it seem like he noticed gavin slipped up . 
  if they cut it out , it would have 100 % been a dead giveaway and the people who watched it live would 've pointed it out . 
  i think he was talking to me , 
  perhaps but it 's not really utilized in any way . 
  i 've had an iphone 6s since launch and have only ever used 3d touch on accident , other than the first day i got the phone and was playing around with it . 
  no no no :(, 
  for what ? 
  only about 0.015 % of people have seen it actually !,
