  just like the police !, 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  that the alarm could only be real if i look out my window and see a ~ 15 story building engulfed in flames ? 
  only if our team color is red and white . 
  as someone from san diego , is there really a lot , or any , cartel action in detroit ? 
  are you talking about canadian cartels ? 
  lol, 
  oh that makes much more sense haha, 
   she wants to get healthy, 
  lol no she wants to be skinny . 
  if she wanted to be healthy she would n't have needed gastric bypass surgery to remove excess lard . 
  was very confused why this was n't removed , then i i noticed i was in reddit 's excellent scientific subreddit !, 
  i knew there must be some reason why such solid science had n't been downvoted and replaced by a meme or joke , and as you touched on this is actually a serious issue : due to the fact that kanye , nor any other human to have ever lived has been born on another planet , scientists fear that the observable universe may indeed become too observable from earth and that rocks and other non-living things will be unable to observe us from their own homeworlds . 
  it 's purple for me , this must be due to the potential energy your clicking transferred into the already electronically charged link appearing on your computer screen . 
  \\ - bs in computer science, 
  but . . why ? 
  wait so . . did you get an extra 2 cents or lose 2 cents ? 
  it seems like this would just be a bigger annoyance than having pennies until as a country you can ensure that prices wo n't fall on amounts between 5 cent increments . 
  op should follow you around, 
  how intriguing . . it 's like a primitive civilization . 
  [ \\ ^ . - ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=ganga ), 
  who rounds up though ? 
  the cashier or the customer ? 
  nope do n't understand . 
  so , if i was a merchant i could just set all my prices to $ 5.03 and pocket an extra 2 cents per purchase ? 
  brb moving to canada, 
  one voice chat full of let 's players ? 
  i think i 'd kill myself, 
  putting aside how impossibly fake this scenario is for a moment , you both must be retarded to not recognize the difference between feet from a 90 degree angle and feet at a 180 degree angle . 
  lsd . . 
  did they introduce yourself as unidan ? 
  to be fair , bieber pulls in mad pussy so in the grand scheme of things i 'd say there have been people trying to sleep with women by spending more money on worse ideas . 
  but yeah this is stupid . 
  forgive my ignorance , and given the thread we 're in this question may be ironic coming from an american who does n't know shit about the world , but what exactly is denmark 's relationship to sweden ? 
  i always kind of lump you guys together along with holland ( now the netherlands right ? 
  god i hope so ) , were you guys the same country at some point or just friendly neighbors ? 
  what exactly would you say you * do * here , washington ? 
  ^ ( other than seattle ), 
  perhaps some , but not all . 
  i 'd say it 's a lot more accurate to compare the entirety of the us to the eu than say the us to france . 
  til they are n't the same . 
  edit : i guess now that i think about it it makes sense , europe being the physical landmass and the eu only counting the landmasses of the countries which are part of that group . 
  honestly all of europe has too may groups/coalitions for me to keep track of , it 's hard enough just with britain/england/the united kingdom . 
  is the internet really a plane ? 
  i always visualized it as a sphere, 
  ah , i see it 's finland , sweden and norway i should be mixing up . 
  i had thought two of those countries were denmark / the netherlands . 
  ah now i see , thank you . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting my question but it appears i 've brought you down with me , i 'll save you !, 
  oh sweet i lived in new hampshire briefly and i thought they were the only state to not have sales tax , was n't aware that could be changed based on the county . 
   none of the countries you mentioned are connected to eachother geographically, 
  perhaps not geographically , but . . spiritually ? 
  the prequel to ape escape ? 
  wow i was expecting something from fossey , that video was absolutely incredible !, 
  [ the perfect society !, 
  i think his point is you are obsessed with them in part due to the fact that they are scarcely able to be viewed . 
  if you look at indigenous peoples of africa who do n't wear clothes or even nudist colonies in europe/north america there are n't hoards of guys ogling at women 's boobs as they walk by . 
  pretty sure you 've got the chicken and the egg mixed up here . 
  sf reporting in , full public nudity is legal . 
  it is kind of a silly law when you think about it . 
  i mean the only reason clothes are necessary are for protection / privacy . 
  i think for a community so bent out of shape over strict religious ideologies ( reddit ) people around here would be less tolerant of the idea that the human body is shameful . 
  imo women/men should have the same rules for being shirtless in public . 
  you would n't do it at a business meeting , at the house of someone you do n't know , etc. 
  but swimming , hanging out in the park on a hot day and the like should be fine . 
  yes, 
  easy , marry all three !, 
  i would n't ask you about licking manatees . 
   bloody hell ... 
  * casually pukes *, 
  can i buy that ? 
  thats hot, 
  i do n't think most people consider texas a ` southern state ' . 
  lol some human being died but because i have religious differences it 's funny lolol, 
  nope : x, 
  red rocket !, 
  red rocket !, 
  we 've got abbey for that . 
  lol auditions, 
  though i agree with you i imagine most women ( at least on reddit ) would take offense to that as it seems to fall into the whole , `` nothing the woman does can contribute to her likelihood of being raped '' kinda thing . 
  i do n't think that makes much sense when you think about it , though maybe you worded what you meant poorly . 
  pretty sure that 's not a real quote . 
  so i understand there 's been 0 deaths from these substances , but i thought it was widely accepted among scientists as well as the general population that they could induce psychological abnormalities such as schizophrenia in those susceptible to them , the same way marijuana does . 
   the effects can be turned off if a person takes a benzodiazepine based drug , it 's an off switch, 
  i heard that was just a rumor and not actually guaranteed to work , i think even erowid said that . 
  not sure , no source . 
  i 'm sorry , i should have given a source :, 
   . . people with such conditions as schizophrenia and depression can worsen with lsd . 
  * [ source ] ( http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/lsd/lsd_health1.shtml ) *, 
  do you think this is not credible ? 
  not really , i mean maybe they both were n't trained in the current ` k-12 -  college ' model , but in this case i think we are assuming the shaman has near a lifetime experience with these substances and how himself and those around him react to it , while the doctor , as op said , has `` no training about psychedelics '' . 
  i guess this could be interpreted two different ways but i think what he was saying the doc would have no anecdotal experiences either , leaving just the shaman with experience . 
  i 'd rather trust a homeless hippie on the street whose done acid a thousand times than some md who has no clue what it does and how people react to it . 
  wow if i was the pm i would n't have even shook his hand , show some respect . 
  i do n't think we 're quite understanding each other here , but it 's been an enlightening discussion . 
  are they really morons ? 
  i mean pretty much all the diseases vaccinated against are now easily treatable in first world countries , maybe we 're the morons . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , reddit . 
  i said pretty much the same thing in another vaccination thread a couple days ago and got downvoted/berated for the rest of the day . 
  now that the atheism pendulum has swung the other way on reddit the new * in * thing to hate on instead of religion is anti-vac parents , though this too shall pass .
