  it would be more like everyone who owned a home phone having to pay extra so that those who live out in the woods could get phone service for the same price . 
  which we already do . 
  it sounds like she was having fun and enjoying herself , that must have been hard for you . 
  i wanted to see how far away they were but it never even zoomed out !, 
  i am so triggered . 
  redditor for 16 days . 
  100 % of posts on / r/politics bashing trump . 
  seems legit . 
   trump has historically had disdain for the lower classes ( which you can tell by his platform ) . 
  how so ? 
  are you being serious ? 
   a racist authoritarian demagogue for president . 
  just remembered what sub i 'm in . 
  welcome to reddit , where the upvotes are made up and everything is the republican 's fault !, 
   well , he sure is a confusing guy . 
  here 's a couple examples of him not being in favor of gay rights . 
   on the issue of gay marriage , donald trump said during a november 2013 interview on msnbc , `` i think i 'm evolving , and i think i 'm a very fair person , but i have been for traditional marriage . 
  i am for traditional marriage , i am for a marriage between a man and a woman . '', 
  seems a lot more reasonable [ than this guy . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4onvxjocus4?t=13s ) :\\ ^ ), 
  cheer up buddy , gay marriage is n't going anywhere . 
   the pollsters try to be as accurate as possible , their jobs literally depend on being accurate . 
  there must be a lot of unemployed pollsters right now . 
  the best , even . 
  the best words . 
  nobody has better words than him . 
  you live in the us and do n't know who just won the election ? 
  dude how old are you ? 
  he actually said he would let the states decide . 
  but do n't let me get in the way of the circlejerk !, 
  [ as for presidents who ran against gay marriage and later changed their mind . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4onvxjocus4?t=14s ), 
  but that was the funniest part, 
  trump says mexicans are rapists !, 
  who the fuck are you people who actually * run into * another person ? 
  pay attention to where you 're going . 
   i sat down at a bench with a couple sodas . 
  are you fat ? 
  when the quote looks like this : '' [ mexicans ] are . . rapists . . 
  there is a lot of room for artsy manipulation . 
  ca n't get much better proof than that !, 
  i wanted to go to a rally but i live in california and thought i 'd get the shit beat out of me . 
  that 's what they 're debating . . either could be grammatically correct . 
   when mexico sends it 's people to cross the border they are n't sending their best . 
  their rapists , criminals . . 
  who knows . 
  this comment is so self absorbed i think i just threw up a little . 
  yeah but in the us you need to use the public restroom that matches your gender so it 's basically just as bad . 
   sad thing is , most brits do n't even care . 
  there 's no media coverage or anything . 
  if there 's one thing the recent us presidential election has taught us , it 's that what the media shows in no way reflects how most people feel . 
   sad thing is , most brits do n't even care . 
  there 's no media coverage or anything . 
  if there 's one thing the recent us presidential election has taught us , it 's that what the media shows in no way reflects how most people feel . 
  just look at elon musk . 
  watching that guy try to fumble his way through a coherent sentence is a chore , but no doubt he 's a very smart and successful businessman . 
  oh * here we go *, 
  pretty sure there 's some nuance being lost here . 
  `` agree . 
  agree . 
  agree . 
  accept . 
  yes . 
  agree . 
  install . 
  ah there we go . 
  holy shi - '' * crash *, 
  how much does it cost after that ? 
   and on their website it says if you preorder now you should expect delivery mid 2018, 
  okay great so let 's just add the elon musk time inflation factor ( emtif ) and we should be seeing these things on the road in just under 6 years !, 
  do you work from home ? 
  lol, 
   i hope you 're excited for four years of bought-and-sold elitists in charge . 
  what an exciting twist on american democracy !, 
  no way that would have happened with clinton or has happened for the past 50 years !, 
  to be fair this graph was likely just made as an easily shareable pro-bernie image during the primaries . 
  there 's literally no unit of measurement that you can graph to show each candidates position on such a vague dual-axis . 
   he rejects the founding principle of the united states that all men are created equal and endowed with inalienable rights . 
  what makes you say this ? 
  bruh do n't you watch cnn ? 
  thanks for the source !, 
  goodbye all australian sites . 
  does trp support opting out or are they against it ? 
  little confused , sorry . 
  we can try / r/redditsharks , just made it . 
  with a good moderation team it would be interesting to see if we could actually provide a service of connecting small businesses to investors . 
  anyone interested should subscribe and we 'll see where this thing goes . 
  / u/discgo / u/dhndeveloper etc. 
  except for everyone who lives there who does n't have a high paying job , so , you know , * most * people there . 
  dude . 
  well that was pretty rude . 
  they 've acquired themselves over the past 20 years !, 
   similar to how dirt and odours build up in your bedroom . 
  you do n't know anything about me . 
  10 days, 
  the mods/admins did n't seem to mind when sanders4pres was the entire front page . 
  how would i know ? 
  there 's also no indication that the family was in the us illegally , so it 's rather disingenuous to try and use the story as a way to make people feel bad about trump 's stance on illegal immigration . 
  likely due to one sex doing more hunting ( chasing fast animals ) and one doing more gathering where one green berry is nutritional and one slightly greener berry is poisonous . 
  i 've heard this exact story on reddit before .
