  this made me realize i just prefer whichever side was shown first . 
  * minnepop, 
  tagged as joe, 
  - the comments in this thread have reminded me of those english language proficiency tests that i once took in school . 
  - the comments in this thread have reminded me of those english language proficiency tests that i once taked in school . 
  - the comments in this thread have reminded me of those english language proficiency tests that i once have tooken in school . 
  - the comments in this thread have reminded me of those english language proficiency tests that i once have taken in school . 
  i mean , just because something would put them in the .01 % range does n't mean it 's not true . 
  we all believed that kid who was the first person with a new type of cancer and that 's * way way * less likely than .01 % . 
  is it that you have n't learned how to do basic algebra or that you 've tried learning and failed ? 
  i could have a high iq but ca n't count to 10 in french because i 've never been taught that before ; that 's not what iq measures . 
  oh you people are all the same !, 
   it a surprisingly screw, 
  umm ... what ? 
  / r/subsarehashbrowns, 
  leonardo dicaprio will have just as many lines as he did in the revenant . 
  another oscar , perhaps ? 
  or just a kid . 
  i used to rub that stuff all over my leg but that did n't work too well so now i keep it in a jar next to the bleach . 
  this does n't seem right , but i do n't know enough about spoons to dispute it . 
   i used to work remotely for this company based out of maryland , from my home in san diego . 
  can i ask how you got that job in the first place ? 
  like were you looking at the job listings in the maryland craigslist or something ? 
  lol . 
   technically one can live in a cave on water and bread . 
  that 's how cavemen did it . 
  those dastardly cavemen and their bakeries . 
  we 've reached the point in the thread where everyone realizes how many europeans are * legitimately * racist while americans are busy calling each other bigots for wanting to drug test welfare recipients . 
  to make americans feel better about their teeth . 
  dude this is fucking nuts . . 
  i literally just lost the game like 20 minutes ago for the first time in 4 years and posted it on my snap story . . 
  i think this means a new wave of game losing is sweeping over the nation right now . . 
  i 'd be curious to know more about this if you do n't mind . 
  what are some of your easiest low-fat , non-dairy food recommendation for a bunch of protein/calories ? 
  how does this have 100 upvotes . . [ youtube is the second most popular website in the world , with # 1 being the company that owns youtube , by a significant margin . 
  youtube is not going to die if 1 or 10 or 5,000 content creators leave their site , not that that would happen anyways . 
  consider the fact that * at it 's peak * , aol had about 35 million users worldwide . 
  youtube has over * 1 billion users * currently . 
  the properties are completely incomparable . 
  it 's like if my lemonade stand went out of business and i used that experience to predict the downfall of dole fruit company . 
  youtube has over 1 billion users . 
  even if the top 100 content creators all left , the views lost would be hardly a drop in the bucket . 
  myspace at it 's peak had ~ 75 million users . 
  youtube has over 1 billion . 
  they are numbers of a completely different magnitude . 
  where is that 4th pic taken ? 
  everyone immediately stops and stares to see if this dude just pushed her off a bike for no reason , then as soon as they realize he 's in fact a hero who saved her life they just walk away . 
  where 's that stupid sideglance emoji when i need it . 
   they searched me , the people i was with , my car ... found nothing . 
  that 's when they told me i was under arrest for open intox ... 
  are you not white ? 
   i politely refused, 
  i 'm curious how this actually works . 
  i feel like if i refused my car being searched they would just do it anyway . 
  or the more likely scenario ( which has happened to me before ) where their buddy takes me to their cruiser so that they can just search my car without asking in the first place . 
  i was n't breaking any laws btw . 
  i snore . 
  wife feels bad, 
  did you read anything about her ? 
  in this context it means she killed 5 children in 2001 , was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006 and moved to a `` low security '' mental hospital in 2007 . 
  if it was a dude he would 've gotten the chair , no question . 
  are you submitting reddit comments via telegraph ? 
  source ? 
  thanks !, 
  is colombia a fairly cheap vacation destination ? 
  like did you find in your experience that the dollar goes pretty far due to the exchange rate ? 
  would love to visit . 
   i 'm getting calls from recruiters and direct hire companies almost daily since i updated my resume with automation about 2 years ago . 
  what does this even really entail ? 
  i have a bs in comp sci and can write basic apps , do some email and google drive magic , etc. 
  not sure what else would really be required for a job like this . . 
  and when you say you 're getting calls , do you mind me asking where exactly people are seeing your resume ? 
  do you just mean like on linkedin or something ? 
  thanks !, 
  something i 'd be interested in as well . 
  it 'd be awesome if you could let me know if you find any good resources online explaining more about this line of work , and i 'll do the same . 
  this motivated me to get off of reddit and back to work . 
   for the record , they 've had some infighting and some skilled people recently left r * so i 'm not holding out for the next one being anything special :(, 
  same thing was said about gta v though . 
  i know someone who left the company after iv . 
  something about his `` english twat bosses '' not knowing anything about realistic deadlines and employee morale . 
  i get sad when i think about how i 'll probably never experience another gaming community as great as halo 2 . 
  back when playing online video games was still a * new * thing ( for console players ) . 
  back then you 'd get in a lobby with 15 random people and if you * did n't * have your mic plugged in , you were the weird one . 
  i look at comments like / u/ihaveanusername and / u/pariah1981 just made and it makes me sad . 
  party chat killed xbox live ; it was apparent within like a month of it coming out . 
  i actually just saw it for the first time a couple months ago before watching 10 cloverfield lane . 
  i liked it a lot . 
  but obviously ymmv . 
  they are so so so different . 
  i think 10 cloverfield lane is probably in my top 10 favorite movies of all time , if just barely . 
  it 's also a little more , `` conventionally '' appealing i suppose . 
  if you can only watch one i 'd say 10 cloverfield lane ; john goodman is terrific in it . 
  do n't read anything about it or watch trailers if you have n't yet . 
  now i do . 
  sounds like he does n't know how to publish it without having google & friends find and `` steal '' it without paying . 
   now he has leukemia ( the kind that 's just annoying ? 
  they said it 's easily controlled ), 
  science is neat . 
  there 's a like , 4 hour documentary on netflix by pbs called ` cancer the emperor of all maladies ' or something similar .
