  i 've only seen avatar , which i loved , and attack on titan , which i thought was good as well but the end of the last season was kind of lame . 
  wow thanks for the list !, 
  boccano sounds cool so i 'll probably check that out first, 
  thanks , i 'll check these out !, 
  thank you !, 
  theoretically . 
  unless the organization eventually is able to cure or rehabilitate als sufferers to the point that they are able to join the workforce the positive effects on society of donations are only marginal . 
  sure but you ca n't justify a course of action based on unforeseeable events that may or may not occur . 
  no , i 'm just saying that bandit 's assertion :, 
   if you actually donate which is the whole point then it does add more value to society than it uses . 
  may not necessarily be true . 
  of course we should try to cure most diseases . 
  people are crazy man ; i admire that you respect other people 's wishes to not tell anyone else something private . 
  they will make news stories out of anything bad in the states, 
  gold goal ! = operating cost, 
  holy shit i thought i just had like a stroke or something , i came straight from [ that ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2eaknk/firefighters_give_cpr_to_koala_hit_by_car_revive/cjxo68u?context=3 ) thread and this confused the fuck out of me . 
  canada , right ? 
  i once knew a gay man . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  who would n't ? 
  yep , right now my biggest complaint with changing my gamertag is that any stranger on the internet ca n't view my rap sheet of every alias i 've used . 
  you give em an inch , they take a mile, 
  exactly , people that buy a sombrero while visiting baja california are n't going to go home and read the tag and think , `` well fuck . . guess i 'll just throw it out then . '', 
  if you get this sensitive due to an innocuous reddit comment you probably should n't be involved in the industry at all . 
  nahh mine have been deep purple for a couple years now and i 'm still , relatively alive . 
  she is n't the only one to appear nude , but she is pretty good looking . 
  so many winky faces , we get it . 
  holy shit i * just * realized what ` shrimp on the barbie ' means !, 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  give me a break . 
  * raises hand *, 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  where at, 
  dude seriously what is this shit ? 
  how convenient this gets posted the day amazon announces a major acquisition of a site whose user base has major crossover with reddit . 
  and the top comment reads straight out of an adwords campaign , from an account with barely any activity . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat *, 
  idk what counts as ` very young ' but i 'm in my mid 20s , what is it referencing ? 
   i 've never understood why people act like girls ca n't do it . 
  . . because they do n't want to fucking do it ? 
  i 'm a prime member myself , i just hate when multi-billion dollar corporations try to trick my feeble mind . 
  these are the comments for the video , idiot . 
  did you expect people to be talking about foreign policy ? 
  wow , threatening him for not rising in front of the judge is actually pretty fucking infuriating . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong the kid is a total toolbag , but ordering him to stand or face penalty is just ridiculous . 
  very few people would rather mow the grass than , say , not mow the grass . 
  i 'm not saying these people do n't exist , but they are few and far between . 
  for the rest of us , we would rather come up with an excuse not to mow it , and since most people still believe manual labor is more suited for women it is easy for us to just say , `` that 's not a girls job . '', 
  there are actually very intelligent and informative people all over reddit believe it or not . 
  it 's only because he was ` popular ' that you saw his comments spring up so often , regardless if they were informative or not . 
  gosh that seems crazy to me in a circumstance like this . 
  i mean it makes sense as a tool to keep everyone orderly and prevent any obstruction of justice but in this scenario it seemed like the judge was clearly trying to find a way to get the kid in the trouble . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  apparently when i was like 2 or so years old i was pulling on the tv stand and caused a huge tv to fall over on top of me ( this was in the days before flat screens mind you , mother warned dad to baby proof it ) . 
  she says when she looked over and saw it start to fall she sprinted from the kitchen and leaped over the couch and coffee table in one jump and lifted it off me . 
  and here i am today with my brain intact kind of . 
  i 'm saying girls are lazy and know they can get away with it , are you retarded ? 
  ** do n't tell me to chill out i 'm chill as fuck !!, 
  you 're telling me the plane that went missing is n't the one that was shot down ? 
  no one can sense your sarcasm . 
  it 's the thought that counts , but really the hero of the story was my mom anyways so i 'll give her a high five next time i see her and tell her it 's from cocksparrow . 
  that 's not the other way around that 's exactly what he said . 
  as someone whose moved all over the us , you 're totally right . 
  what difference does it make ? 
  is your point that an alien from outer space would n't find human babies cute ? 
  nice teeth though, 
  thank god, 
  i just think having batman and james bond be the same person would be weird when both franchises are releasing movies every couple years . 
  did n't the original creators claim legal ownership of the forgehub brand ? 
  i make a living on the internet working from home in a business that is affected by internet speeds , would i have a case for claiming financial loss ? 
  if there 's anything old movies have taught me , it 's that every woman was beautiful back then . 
  i 'm sorry but could you explain what you mean here , or is there a link to where i can see this in action ? 
  it sounds interesting, 
  such a good video , i revisit it once every 6 months or so . 
  i must 've missed it , but where is the op , what is this thing and how did you make it ? 
  huh , i do n't eat dairy at all , do you think i would still smell like milk ? 
  it does n't need commercials, 
  it 's just a movie , bro . 
  holy shit reddit is so fucking excited that they finally read one thing on til that ended up becoming a topic of conversation . 
  you 're right dude i 'm sure this experienced hollywood director attracted millions of dollars from producers , attended a hundred interviews and hired some incredible actors and no one along the way let him know people might misinterpret the concept . 
  which company ? 
  always put bad customer service on blast, 
  who cares ? 
  is there a serial killer who goes after childhood teeball stars ? 
  do n't worry about it , this site went through a long phase where being atheist was just the * cool * fotm thing to do , which we are just at the tail end of as / r/atheism got removed as a default subscription . 
  i thought your experience was heartwarming , as do the vast majority of others judging by how high it 's rated ; thanks for sharing . 
  tagged as savant, 
  edit : holy shit i disregarded the first part of your comment and just saw the picture and went `` meh '' , but if you actually look at the comment above it you can totally see it !, 
  tell me this , why would n't you just scratch off every ticket after closing ? 
  if you do n't win , say someone stole them , if you do win more than their worth , pay for them . 
  that 's a great story . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how do you suppose they knew you could use the money ? 
  were you visibly upset or do you think perhaps it was a random act ? 
  you are awesome . 
  okay , have your friend come in and break the camera ? 
  i mean sometimes the megalotto gets up to millions of dollars , there 's some shit i would take advantage of if i worked at a minimum wage job in charge of lottery tickets . 
  okay i feel like i should n't have to spell this out for you . 
  if you could n't get away with this then never take up a life of crime . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever find myself in a minimum wage job , so they can be at ease . 
  i knew there must be a reason people did n't do it .
