  just got it thanks to this comment, 
  oh shit were you there ? 
  what happened ? 
  ouch, 
  i 'm here to answer any questions about the tutorial as well if anyone gets stuck . 
  check out this video for any rare vehicle trading , it 's where i got my space docker . 
  i too am a fan of `` catch and release '' karmanimals . 
  only if the mustache is shopped out, 
  if you are hiring software engineers , pm me for a resume , i 've been meaning to relocate . 
  tune in to our all new series to find out !, 
  the way that sign perfectly borders the right side of this photo strangely made me feel like this picture was ripped out of a notebook or binder . 
  if you 're an attractive girl in california i 'll kiss you for $ 5 . 
  i 've been told i 'm great at it . 
  edit : oh and you should be 18 + , i 'm in college . 
  edit 2 : actually it would also be great if you could meet me around where i live so i do n't have to travel . 
  okay let me know !, 
  is there a really a point to distinguish the two ? 
  i mean the two stories are so similar i 'm not sure it 's worth correcting someone when they say the apple fell maybe a foot from where it actually did . 
  hey that 's cool man i too am definitely not gay ( though i live in san francisco ) , and no problem just let all your attractive female friends know that for the low price of $ 5 i will kiss them . 
  i 'm 6 ' 7 '' , i 'll just yell from across the bar . 
  `` hey !, 
  yeah , you !, 
  hey do you want to ^ grab ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ drink ? '', 
  come to / r/tall , we accept you . 
   a stranger i do n't want to intimidate, 
  the opposite applies , stand underneath her . 
  san francisco ? 
  i 'm actually kind of surprised that this is on the front page , i mean would everyone really shove the person off them if they fell asleep leaning against them ? 
  wow , nice find . 
  now find me one that has alcohol ( preferably beer or irish whiskey ) and hookah . 
  how much ? 
  trust . 
  lol iq tests do n't mean shit , it has literally nothing to do with how `` enlightened '' you are in regard to your world view which is what the picture is trying to portray . 
  to which i would say iq has no bearing on how much `` knowledge '' a person has . 
  jesus after just two days ? 
  how much were you taking , were you drinking water ? 
   i can get a full set of antibiotics and 20 5:50 oxycodones by complaining enough about some kind of genital pain, 
  so then how are people able to sell it for so much ? 
  also i have you tagged as `` nifty '' , so i guess you 're a nifty dude . 
  but neither was / r/niggers and that was taken down, 
   your comment hit on my current coursework so i thought i 'd share , 
  what is your current coursework ? 
   somehow it does n't often come up in conversation ... 
  dude that is so weird !, 
  i 've heard in the us you can go to prison for even accidentally viewing images like that on 4chan or similar sites even if you did n't download or mean to view them in the first place . 
  sketchy stuff . 
  what are some situations where it would be perfect to be carrying a concealed firearm ? 
  i think they do n't make the signs clear enough . 
  `` no homicide '' should definitely be in bigger font than `` no skateboarding '', 
  i 've never seen your show but these are some of the best ama answers i 've ever seen . 
   the attacker is at a distance with a melee weapon and there are no bystanders near or behind them . 
   the attacker has a gun , but they are n't facing you , and there are no bystanders near or behind them . 
  i feel like in both of these situations i would end up spending a long time in prison though , no ? 
  maybe just the movies are getting to me , but it seems like if there is any possible 1 % chance of you living by running away , and you choose to shoot - murderer . 
  i also would n't carry , just because i feel like the risk of me or whoever is carrying a gun fucking up and hurting someone or going to prison is greater than being in a situation where you could save someone 's life . 
  however i have been meaning to get a gun for the house , seems more reasonable to have one for home defense than walking around ready to fight crime . 
  why did you put your cheez-its on his dick ? 
  * it 's my poop in a ^ box !, 
  you consider this an * innocent * assumption ? 
  huh ? 
  i think they were right , but i agree i also felt uncomfortable during that portion . 
  i think that 's just mimicking what happens off of the internet already though , at least in the us . 
  like if i walked up to you and a couple of your friends and said , `` how are you girls doing ? '', 
  it carries a specific connotation that i chose to accentuate the fact that you are all women instead of , what is the generic , `` how are you guys doing ? '', 
  i do n't understand how people are saying that both `` i 'm tired of pictures of women being upvoted to the front page simply because they 're female '' and `` i 'm afraid of posting a picture with me in it because i 'll be downvoted if it 's obvious i 'm a girl '', 
  hm , just a difference of opinion i suppose then . 
  i think too often people , particularly women but often men as well , resort to physical violence way too quickly when it 's unnecessary . 
  she probably should have just immediately left and went to the principal , which it looks like she did anyways so that 's good that the asshole responsible got kicked off the team for his behavior . 
  yet if he had only 3 pounds more his bmi would place him as normal and not underweight , which is why bmi is horseshit, 
  ** hello there **, 
  ha wow you really are reading all these comments . 
  what made you ask the op ? 
  this is fantastic i ca n't believe i 've never seen it, 
  wow so the older you get the more likely to live in emergencies you are ? 
  how overpowered, 
  i hope we never work together, 
  or your last moments are your face in the dirt , a broken neck/spine , bleeding out . 
  edit : i should clarify i 'm talking about the windmill , obviously those who jumped from the wtc died on impact . 
  reminds me of this :, 
   how can you tell if someone is an atheist ? 
   * they 'll tell you !, 
  itt : i 'm an atheist but still think religious people can be good sometimes . 
  god this post made me uncomfortable , i hate that shit . 
  chandler bing ? 
  i also think that season 2 was much better than season 3 , i think hating season 2 is just the `` cool '' thing to do since the show had a lower budget and was location-restricted during it . 
  wait what the fuck seriously ? 
  except everyone fucking hated him for his last stupid thing with the twerking fire . 
  kind of scummy pr imo , putting out fake videos and then being like `` aha ! '', 
  mother of god . . 
  ha i usually do n't laugh out loud at stuff but the first time he said `` no way ! '', 
  i cracked up, 
  3 upvotes and gold , that 's got ta be the lowest i 've ever seen, 
  never seen a comment with less than 3 upvotes get gold before , i think you broke a record, 
  hey man if you 're in the bay area in california i 'll come clap for you !, 
  there was a 1999 ? 
  are you fishing for ants ? 
  well , it 's on the front page of reddit in / r/funny so apparently enough people found it humorous enough that they decided to do it . 
  i was going to say i would n't be old enough to use a computer , but i guess . . time happened, 
  it 's in the top half of what gets to the front of / r/funny, 
  i have the person you replied to tagged as `` dumb cunt '' .
