  curious , how often did you smoke , and would you say quitting smoking or losing weight was more difficult ? 
  the president does this , see : official white house photographer . 
  a documentary actually just recently came out about this guy whose been the photographer for a couple decades now . 
  can you teach me ? 
  is n't this kind of bad news for you ? 
  now if you come up with some revolutionary idea that would make you a millionaire in the us or europe it is instead able to be legally copied and produced by all of your competitors . 
  except that they can simply renew it for another 25 years . 
  what is a fairly regular product made by a programmer ? 
  was n't this stan ? 
  how can you possibly claim that it is n't ? 
  i 'm actually shocked by this . 
  seriously , with the amount of domestic technology and military strength the opponent the us is in the best position to win against is the us . 
  it should n't be , i suppose , but it * does * kind of have that obligation since we are the ones best fit ( military wise ) to enforce international law . 
  we have to make due in an imperfect world , i 'm afraid . 
  well i was just trying to end the discussion as there are plenty of opportunities and readily available resources for you to read up on some of the factors that go into a decision like this . 
  it 's naive to suggest that every action worldwide needs to be approved by the un since the un itself is a terribly broken system being held together by glue and scotch tape to provide the illusion of world order . 
  everyone 's moral compass will vary and you can look at a predicament such as this from multiple angles . 
  from one perspective we could simply say , `` we do n't care . 
  it 's not our country '' but many people feel the us also has a moral responsibility to prevent the suffering of an innocent populace being bombarded by their own military ( possibly with chemical weapons ) if we are able to do so ( we are ) . 
  so why do n't we just wait for un approval ? 
  well , the un security council has five permanent members , each with the power to `` veto '' any suggestion of military involvement by another member . 
  we know already that if we were to seek permission that at least initially we would face a veto by 1-2 permanent members , and that even if we were to try and make a deal with these members it would take a long time , all the while children are still being slaughtered in the streets . 
  now this is not the approach the us has committed to as of yet ( we will find out soon ) but one way to get around this is simply by avoiding asking permission by citing some ambiguous or archaic order that gives us permission ( such as the case of invading iraq ) . 
  this may seem worse than asking the un first , but in fact it is n't . 
  if we were to go to the un with our proposal and be vetoed by say , russia and china , we would then be publicly slapping them in the face if we decided later we had to intervene . 
  this would outrage the countries which vetoed us and may cause them to secede ( temporarily or permanently ) from the un . 
  and guess what , the only reason the un is even `` a thing '' is because these 5 permanent members are sitting in it , if one leaves then everyone will leave and there is no longer international law . 
  what is a wheelie bin ? 
  well i was n't talking to you either !, 
  that is seriously one of my favorite bits . 
  why not a flope ? 
  you saved me a click !, 
  if you look at each of their faces individually it looks like they all have some stupid shit-eating grin on their face , like this is only phase one of their camel attack plan . 
  holy cow !, 
  the things i would do with 1,000 karma . . 
  except you usually are n't speaking to the drivers when you call and the sales associates will have none of that shit . 
  there 's always some reason no goals are scored in 90 minutes . 
  i did n't . 
  noted . 
  shut the fuck up with this risky click horseshit ** fuck **, 
  it is a lot worse way to die , and even worse it 's a lot worse way to live if you are unfortunate enough to not be killed by it . 
  not to mention these things can have lasting generational effects on unborn children in the future . 
  look into the us 's use of napalm in vietnam, 
  sounds great !, 
  hope you 're in northern california !, 
  lets do it !, 
  a few buddies and i are headed to dolores park on labor day , maybe i 'll see you there if you 're in that area, 
  ** cnn special report : is your child getting high using grammar ? 
  more at eleven . 
  did you hear about the goldfish who went bankrupt ? 
  now he 's a bronzefish !, 
  ^ bum ^ ^ bum ^ ^ tsh !, 
  ^ ^ ^ im ^ ^ ^ begging ^ ^ ^ you, 
  knock knock !, 
  we all know that discovery would never * actually * allow your life to be in danger , so my question is : how much interaction was there really with the camera/crew that we do n't see on tv ? 
  did you ever actually talk and have conversations with the crew during your 21 days ? 
  and where did they sleep during the night , was there a nearby rv or something similar ? 
  edit : and thanks for doing this ama very interesting !, 
  in case anyone else was wondering what `` bravada '' means :, 
  * the bravada is a mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle ( suv ) from the now retired oldsmobile marque of general motors . 
  there have been two different vehicles to bear this model name , the first and second-generation gmt330 , and the 2002 to 2004 gmt360 . 
  a camera, 
   i should have known the subtlety of the neologism would escape this readership just as the defunct oldsmobile escapes functionality . 
  looks like you still do n't get it . 
  also why the downcoats ? 
  actually the consensus on a lot of / r/askwomen threads would agree , and judging by your downvotes i 'd say it is you who hang out with abnormal women . 
  i mean at least he takes the time to explain his claims rather than resort to playground insults . 
  okay , but i could google and find 4 credible sources with ease that say women are more emotionally persuaded while men are more based on concrete data , do you have any sources to support your side ? 
  this is awesome i 'm really jealous !, 
  do you have any good resources for someone interested in getting into this kind of thing ? 
  i 've tried meditating at different parts of my life but it usually ends up with me just sitting quietly for 5 or so minutes and i do n't feel any better , obviously i 'm not grasping it . 
  just like how aol keeps making money, 
  it already does n't have context, 
  ** ha but does anyone else think maybe the cat is though ? 
  hahaha !, 
  this is exactly how i feel , real shame as i 'm sure if i and others had gotten the chance to play the game when we were most excited about it then it would 've been a great experience for both parties . 
  log off and dial 9-1-1 . 
  seriously , i get a bit motion sick just from looking at the wall too long i could n't imagine * ingesting * something , especially meat . 
  if you have a lot of anxiety about drugs or letting loose in general i would caution against it . 
  make sure you do it with people that you genuinely * like * !, 
  do n't be pressured into doing it with people you do n't know or dislike , also in my personal experience being around a bunch of drunk people is n't too fun . 
  anyways have fun with it !, 
  it can work to your advantage to have a `` trip sitter '' or someone who has tripped before but is sober hanging out with you guys to help steer away from negative trips . 
  but if that is n't an option , the best thing you can do is just go to a new room and smile , literally changing location even if it 's only by 10 feet is a new world , and life is hilarious . 
  have fun !, 
  ha but it 's always fun when you go somewhere for a short period of time and then emerge in tripping-land . 
  see how the world has changed since you were last there . 
  seriously i think whatever works for you is what you should keep doing , do n't listen to naysayers and congratulations !, 
  yeah suck his dick , op !, 
  even if they died they would still get a beta invite unfortunately , it 's not fair . 
  whats that, 
  edit : i get it now thanks guys, 
  we did n't get it man . 
  wow , spoilers ? 
  seriously , i 've been waiting for the 3d release . 
  what 's this from again ? 
  thank you , i did n't understand why the fuck they were still shooting when walt said no . 
  could be an alamo drafthouse . 
  i love all of the rewards for your kickstarter campaign , seems like something i would write . 
  also it 's very generous of you to fly people to kuwait for just $ 1 , though i 'm not looking forward to paying for accommodation and lunch expenses .
