  long time user , first time caller but a huge fan of your site . 
  do you have any estimate on how long it usually takes for links in / r/redditrequest to be processed ? 
  i just tried it for the first time . 
  reddit is predominantly american . 
  wow thanks !, 
  cool thanks . 
  reporting for duty , sir !, 
  this is why snowboarding is superior . 
  wow , congratulations !, 
  and you can go ahead and add me to the list of moderator volunteers if you end up needing help around here , i love this game/community . 
  have fun on your honeymoon !, 
  depending on the situation that 's kind of fucked up to sue a friend who accidentally hurt you . 
  you just proved his . 
   the spy cables also reveal that in many cases , intelligence agencies are over-classifying information and hiding behind an unnecessary veil of secrecy . 
  did n't we already know this was happening ? 
  i swear i read this exact headline in like 2004 . 
  thanks !, 
  i like this ; this is sneaky . 
  it 's because it 's the top post of all time here . 
  some of us work hard for our karma thank you very much . 
  i ca n't believe they have n't started using 60fps video yet , it seems like probably this channel is probably one of the most likely to benefit from it . 
  i do alright . 
  this is a * safe * trap . 
  hey there , i 'm one of the mods over at / r/rt _ theknow !, 
  i like your idea for weekly discussion threads but i do n't know how realistic it is to expect a new show to be created which takes those threads into account , probably not likely . 
  unfortunately ( ? ), 
  the only way the sub will grow into it 's own and become more popular is just by more users slowly but steadily using it more or mentioning it here on / r/roosterteeth when it 's relevant . 
  right now the mod team is just 2 of us which is totally manageable given it 's current traffic but once that bumps up we 'll probably add a couple and then we 'll be growing right along with the rt / fh subs . 
  just need to get over this first hump . 
  thanks for the ideas !, 
  thanks !, 
  pm 'd on ram . 
  that 's us !, 
   we call him `` toes '' for obvious reasons, 
  i 'm sure he loves that, 
   drive south and west, 
  instructions unclear . 
  in the pacific . 
  * battery, 
  til there are other types of otters . 
  from what i can tell / u/madbulldawg was the first to respond , and sent a pm . 
  so i 've sold it to him . 
  not sure how i 'm supposed to mark the thread as closed or whatever . 
  sorry , already sold . 
  next time !, 
   the lesser of two evils is still better than not showing up at all . 
  i see no `` lesser '' of two evils , so i disagree . 
  that being said , i still vote . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  thank you so much for the ideas , i 'll discuss these with the other mod and maybe we can get something like this rolling in the near future . 
  til , thanks . 
  i 'm 21 and have an inkling . 
  along with half of reddit . 
  sold 2x 4gb ram to / u/madbulldawg, 
  this was interesting , thanks !, 
  probably did when you were put under . 
  it 'll definitely be interesting to see how this all pans out , could be huge or fail spectacularly . 
  rip my heart, 
  penis, 
  red dead redemption reporting in . 
  weird to think thats what it sounded like during filming . 
  boxing day is the day after christmas . 
  black friday is the day after thanksgiving . 
   and you are blaming the victims . 
  coors raped my liver . 
   also , ** it ** says `` harry potter book , nigga '', 
  we mostly consider them people now . 
  pastor is a little different than a priest , but yes i agree with what you 're saying . 
  the flash photography would probably make the walls cave in . 
  more like reddit, 
  im just a kid , and life is a nightmare, 
  kid . . d :, 
  i think it 's more likely that once one person accuses him , others realize they can hop on the bandwagon and hope to get some of that sweet sweet money . 
  innocent until proven guilty , for one reason . 
  we 'll never know, 
  why the downvotes , have people not seen the movie ? 
  lol, 
  holy shit . 
   egyptians used crushed bugs to make eye liner . 
  pretty sure that 's still a common ingredient in certain shadows/liners . 
  is this north or south or china ? 
  the ifunny bots are in full force, 
  this post got me high, 
  what 's that ? 
  pretty much . 
  i always cringe when i hear stories of people who `` tripped balls on cid '' and saw a dragon or a leprechaun or some shit . 
  then the kid grows up not fearing cranes and gets killed by a flock of wild birds, 
  thank you !, 
   i find myself wishing american culture still celebrated things like may day, 
  holy shit i 'm pretty sure the last time i heard of may day may have literally been in kindergarten or 1st grade . . this is like some super far gone memory i 've never thought of until now . 
  seriously is n't that kind of the point of school , to teach kids these things ? 
  source : not a parent, 
  hi dad, 
   i need to stop clicking on the comments section . 
  the comments section is all i read on reddit . 
  sometimes i 'll click it before viewing the image and try to guess what stupid thing op is trying to say . 
   can carry on a conversation like a 5-year-old, 
  i hope one day i will receive such a compliment . 
  til, 
   another term , the `` make my day law '' , arose in the usa at the time of the 1985 colorado statute that shielded people from any criminal/civil suits for using force -- including deadly force -- against an invader of the home .
