  so it 's possible that either op is retelling it , and simply copy/pasted it from last time and forgot to change the amount of years , or someone else copy/pasted it and did n't change the amount of years . 
  just speculating . 
  can someone explain to me how the fuck a group of ~ 100 college students witnessed a man running around stabbing people and literally 0 people got a video of it ? 
  like no snapchats either ? 
  i might just be slow but i ca n't believe that no one thought to start recording the incident in a huge group of college aged kids . 
  i think you mean the warlizard gaming forums . 
  they sell guns . 
  this whole stunt just proves that the cold war is alive and well . 
  interesting stuff . 
  can we adjust this for the per-capita likelihood of being within killing range of a police officer vs a first generation muslim immigrant ? 
  so they can wear our blue jeans and listen to our pop music !, 
  woah, 
   momento is a good example . 
   drink every time dolores has a flashback, 
  when do i start ? 
  hey , you , do n't mess with the past !, 
  like sex stuff ? 
  i think your k is trying to run away . 
  mind posting the deck list ? 
  so you never play dirty rat turn 2 then , right ? 
  the top comments in this thread . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  how did women do it for the last 100,000 years ? 
  wow that was just 3 days ago too . 
  the karma hunt begins again !, 
  ^ ( * side eyes * ), 
  ( hand slowly raising higher ), 
  i should find someone to read me to sleep . 
  this is why the voting system sucks sometimes on reddit . 
  people see a comment with anything below 0 and assume they must be wrong and so downvote as well , it 's a slide effect . 
  / u/emanresol actually has a good point , and while it is possible that they were both wearing wedding rings at the time , it does still have an effect on the story . 
  my first inclination was to ask this as well , actually . 
  they shout at the top of their lungs . 
  who the fuck drives to their mailbox ? 
   calling for a ban on all muslims ( including american muslims ) , a muslim registry, 
  muslim is not a race . 
   calling mexicans rapists, 
  intentionally misquoted . 
   wanting to deport every illegal mexican immigrant . 
  obeying the law = racist lol, 
   i need to make about 100k . 
  $ 95k for me , i 'm a bit away from that : c. 
   the hardest gangbangers scream and cower in fear because i 'm walking down the hallway with a 9 ' snake, 
  this is an every day occurrence for me . 
  preventing those with known connections to the taliban or other terrorist organizations would be a good start . 
  you get it , it 's the person you 're replying to who did n't get it . 
  the dude was probably watching wraith babes, 
   it actually stimulates your senses, 
  * meanwhile in the us . . *, 
  `` the court has decided that due to the nature of this crime it is in the best interest of justice that this 11 year old be tried as an adult . '', 
  * police bring boy into back room and say he just needs to plead guilty to felony burglary and they 'll only give him 4 years in prison , otherwise they will pursue the death penalty *, 
  i see you 're in your mid 20s and like blizzard games , maybe we ca - * sees moderated subreddits *, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/9lbuf/i_lost_my_penis_due_to_priapism_ama/?st=iwtqgrdp&amp;sh=2bd9294d ), 
  i feel like plenty of `` straight '' women must not know what being a straight man is like if they use that term . 
   even the americans are n't supposed to finish it in one sitting . 
  oops, 
  no offense , but why would you ? 
  nothing in here is remotely bad you pussy . 
  this is some world war z shit, 
  seems the guy you replied to deleted their comment . 
  whoever they were , we may never know . 
   cloud specialist, 
  i hate to be that guy , but i 'm pretty sure there 's more than one type of ` cloud ' that nasa might have specialists in . 
  i always wonder how these things get started . 
  like is it just some dude randomly cheering for a baby across the street and hoping others join in ? 
  what would happen if the baby just kept walking and the guy had to explain to everyone what he was cheering for . . 
  attention spans are shorter nowada, 
  / r/whyweretheyfilming, 
  the crowd volume is terribly edited, 
  motherfucking fuck i had somehow avoided spoilers for dear zachary for 2 years and then the last god damn sentence of that wikipedia summary says that * this * is the same zachary . 
   they keep it from you that this until the very end of the documentary, 
  i know i ca n't fucking believe i just had this shit spoiled for me in the most unbelievable way . 
  literally read the whole top section of the wikipedia article going , `` oh wow that 's terrible , wow , oh man . . '' and then out of fucking nowhere * this is the basis of dear zachary * . 
  might as well watch it now . 
  ca n't believe i wasted my time doing that but i got to 15 % of us population around the top 20 cities as of 2012 . 
  had to age it like a fine wine . 
  it was recommended to me by my mother . 
  maybe she 's trying to tell me something actually . 
  the same thing happened with narcos . 
  i purposefully left out all the spoilers though !, 
  lol, 
  all you know now is that something went wrong and somehow the canadian-american border is involved . 
  are you for real ? 
  yup this is me !, 
  ( it 's on netflix btw , watching now , we can totally talk about it later and stuff , if you have vr you can come watch it in my underwater space movie theater ), 
  my father recently got laid off from the factory so our family can only afford 1 - 2 trips to the cinema each year . 
  i wish i could just watch it online but the coffee shop that i get internet from does n't allow me to stay long enough to download an entire film since i can never afford to buy anything there . 
  for anyone else reading this , what happened to zachary is he ended up being canada 's first gay refugee . 
  now it all makes sense, 
  i just did !, 
  very sad . 
  virtual desktop has actually been the best i 've seen for watching movies but i do n't think it 's multiplayer , and you can change the environment you 're in . 
  bigscreen is super neat because you 're in a virtual livingroom with your buddies ( or strangers ) and can see each others computer screens . 
  i 'm not on often but feel free to add urstuck on steam if you wonna play some vr stuff sometime . 
  bark, 
   i do n't really see the point in buying virtual desktop when bigscreen is free . 
  360 degree porn . 
  or so i 've been told . 
   i guess for the redneck folk who rely on wwe for their entire entertainment needs . 
  they are n't as refined as us esteemed redditors * twirls m ` stache *,
