  if you click op 's username you 'll see it no longer exists , likely due to reddit 's strict self-promotion policing . 
  is n't that what prestiging is anyways ? 
  2 . who honestly uses the broken melee in this game ? 
  can you please tell me where the ak12 is ? 
  i swear i 'm looking at assault rifles and submachine guns and do n't see it listed under either category . . o. 0, 
  that 's what i 'm saying , hopefully more people agree with us . 
  cake ? 
  yep !, 
  tldr . 
  tagged you as super hero . 
  but what about her mother ? 
  those who do n't pee in the shower , and filthy animals . 
  what 's your first language out of curiosity ? 
  relevant username ? 
   would/would have bitten me . 
  even earlier as the eyeballs are developed before the eyelids . . so really they do n't * close * their eyes until a while into pregnancy . . ^ semantic ^ ^ man ^ ^ ^ awwaayyy !, 
  i 've never heard of this game before but it seems interesting so i have a couple questions . 
  how much does it cost , and is it easy to get into ? 
  of course the voice did n't * detract * from the video , hell i used to make machinima videos back in halo 2 's prime and my voice was crazy high , it seemed to be the case with the majority of those types of videos in the community though . 
  the point would be that even if you are 18 now that means you were 8 when halo 2 came out , which some people think is too young to get a real appreciation of the game/it 's community . 
  but to each their own . 
   those cityscape rugs that every kid had, 
  get out of my life . 
  i hope you never have to manage money for other people . 
  fuck same here . 
  but / u/wimmyjales seems so stoked about it . 
  edit : fuck it , i 'm 15 minutes in so far . 
  it 's not bad . 
  sweet thanks !, 
  `` to be , not too be . '', 
  - * shakespeare *, 
  i do n't think a cow 's favorite football team would be the cowboys . 
  this man knows !, 
  i know . 
   reddit believed it could find the boston marathon bombers through its own brilliance before the fbi could . 
  to be fair i have more faith in a community of millions of people working together over any us government agency . 
  if something like a family member was kidnapped , i 'd obviously report it to the police , but would have much more faith in reddit helping me track the captor if the post were to receive a lot of attention . 
  i mean , you 're browsing a subreddit made to show fucked up images . . 
  fda approved inoculations can cause severe and permanent ailments or other bodily harm . 
  ^ fight ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ reddit, 
  one of the guys is white and the other is n't, 
  wow i should have listened to the spoiler tag now the show is ruined for me , for anyone else do n't mouse over the spoiler !, 
  disney , viacom and comcast are the 3 owners of almost all online media / television / movies . 
  fuck people that do this shit . 
  how does one get a non-organic mushroom ? 
  the apple does n't fall far from the tree . 
  any modder worth his salt would have a bridger with him to ensure host . 
  source : made money modding people to high levels, 
  makes it more fun for me , just boosting each other up , already level 14, 
  ^ just ^ ^ kidding, 
  this video explains the playlists pretty well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajjnyw8q6l4, 
  lem me know if you have any questions after watching that, 
  this guy gets it, 
  that 's really impressive . 
  right now i 'm the only one in a ffa matchmaking game , so just waiting out the 12 minute time limit until i win with -1 . :|, 
  i have a different issue . 
  the proximity chat ( < - by description in mcc ) is actually a match-wide global chat . 
  so if you set it so that your team / the enemy team can hear you , you 're pretty much talking to them from anywhere on the map . 
  sorry i do n't know a better way to explain it , but players of og halo 2 should understand what i mean . 
  do you think it is any better than yesterday ? 
  you should have been on my team when i was playing 2 vs 6 and my only teammate was afk . 
  that was a fun match . 
  spoiler : i did n't win . 
  when ? 
  i hit level 6 just a few hours after launch and am still 6 . 
  damn , now i really want to play but it feels so useless since our ranks will be reset at any point anyways . 
  glad it 's working for you though !, 
  would you mind telling me how you made the cave to the bottom left of the ` jersey barrier ' text ? 
  is it really just all cliffs ? 
  looks good man , i forge a bit myself and made a map kind of similar to what you got going on here , hmu if you ever want to work on something together . 
  everyone downvoted this guy but he was right , patch hardly fixed the issue . 
  some people are claiming that they 've already been reset a few times but mine never has . 
  anyways they did n't say when they would reset , just as soon as all of the issues are fixed so i 'd guess not before the patch scheduled for this weekend . 
  yeah i just played a game with unplayable lag , everyone quit . 
  but the lag was very dedicated servery . 
   how is it unfinished ? 
  it 's a server issue . 
  - big team battle says 8 v 8 but only allows 6 v 6, 
  - h2a anniversay says 5 v 5 but only allows 4 v 4, 
  - backing out of score screen exits matchmaking, 
  - forge maps being deleted, 
  - no way to stay in party when exiting matchmaking , even if leader, 
  - host of matchmaking games can kick players / end game, 
  and a laundry list of other issues , these are not server issues 343 is just incompetent to the highest degree . 
  they thought they did n't need a qa team because they 're releasing already finished games and they failed hard . 
  if it was 4 instead of 2 it would be a campaign sedan . 
  this is a very unpressing issue but i too am upset that 343 outright lied to people about having a 100 % unaltered experience in halo 2 classic , there are other instances as well . 
  i just came here to ask this , is there a more active forge community anywhere that might know ? 
  i am also having trouble getting spawns to work in my game , very disappointed in 343 's work so far . 
  how did you find this video ? 
  can you get in touch with the creator for me somehow ? 
  message me, 
  i love the way halo 2 looks as it is , the whole point is for it to look old , that was the idea . 
  people are fine with the resolution bump because that 's the resolution it ran on in the pc version , but changing the graphical fidelity past resolution/fps is going too far imo . 
  that 's what h2a is for . 
  god seeing how much better the ui and matchmaking was 10 years ago hurts a lot . 
  760 for life, 
  i actually have a video specifically detailing spawning/despawning objects with scripting uploading right now . 
  i 'll update this post when it 's done . 
  i 've got a video about spawning/despawning objects with scripting uploading right now .
