  four more years !, 
  i really wish the mods here would take more care about the content they remove relating to politics , seeing as this is the only default subreddit on the site where politics can legitimately be discussed . 
  but muh cgp grey, 
   same , except exactly the opposite, 
  perfect, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mshv_74fnwu ), 
  was n't aware clinton was trying to attack the whites . 
  til, 
  wooah that picture makes new zealand look way bigger than i thought it was, 
  if you got on top of that mountain i 'm sure you could , right ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  do n't usually watch ao and have never seen maggie before but she was definitely the star of the show . 
  felt awesome hearing someone be so open and self confident when talking about their experiences , hope she 's a return guest . 
  why is the parent just standing there filming though ? 
  lol, 
  like , `` i stopped you crying earlier , i 'll let the dog handle this one . '', 
  are you not worried your kids are going to come out looking like agent orange superstars ? 
  we have the best pores , do n't we folks ? 
  that 's true we did n't consider you . 
  the edit is what killed you, 
  it actually seems so much less sinister in video ; thanks . 
  just seems like a couple dudes shootin the shit actually . 
  apparently everything 's savage these days . 
  [ the real takeaway here . 
  void start ( ), 
  man i picked the wrong thread to open while having a nosebleed . 
  may i ask why you 're on warfarin ? 
  i 'll likely have to be on it someday in the not too distant future . 
  glad to hear you can still drink alcohol with it !, 
   had my aortic valve replaced with a mechanical valve when i was 16, 
  that 's gon na be me !, 
  except i 'm 22 . 
  always fun to see someone on the other side . 
  thanks for the reply , 
  ^ ( let the bodies hit the floor ), 
  maybe, 
  nothing on the internet is gone forever . 
  i love you . 
  i like your username . 
  do you play any online games ? 
  we could talk on skype or discord if you want some english practice . 
  my steam name is `` urstuck '', 
  your writing is perfect by the way . 
  we still need a blackfish-equivalent documentary for those other animals to be set free . 
  the cove apparently was n't popular enough for the dolphins . 
  well trump suspended refugees from select mid-eastern countries in the us so he 's basically hitler , that much i think we can all agree on . 
  where 's my picket sign i have commuters to inconvenience . 
  you can change the voting system on reddit , too . 
  if you want to see a liberal point of view , sort by top . 
  if you want to see a conservative point of view , sort by controversial . 
  i 'll give you a hot tip . 
  website called google.com, 
  i went to it and typed `` fishermen support brexit '', 
  this was the first link : https://www.rt.com/uk/353569-scotland-fishermen-brexit-sturgeon/, 
  you can actually do that same process for just about any information you would want to be more knowledgeable about !, 
   wow . 
  so for all the shitty things , he actually wants to give money to nasa . 
   not going to lie , i agree with him there . 
  however , this does n't make up for quite literally everything else . 
  this website makes me have such disdain for future generations . 
  if you are just now hearing about trump 's position on space exploration maybe you should look at some of his other policies that are n't discussed on / r/politics ( which i see you frequent ) ; you may find a few others you like as well . 
  okay but at a certain point you have to admit that some things can be taken for granted given context . 
  if you need evidence to support that people hurt by the eu are against the eu , should n't that be on you to find it ? 
   horses only mate when the female is in heat . 
  during this time the female wants to , and is able to , mate and the male knows it . 
  so basically you could say that 's the only time they can `` give '' consent , at least through their body language . 
  i thought we could n't regress any further as a society after 2016 , but are people now seriously seeking informed consent from horses before having them mate ? 
  should we have a horse whisperer rape counselor on retainer at every track ? 
  confirmed, 
  i think the first one works because it 's easy to see trump doing a shitty job with disaster relief and causing general disorganization ; the second one does n't work as much because nuclear war was probably a more likely scenario under clinton than trump . 
  still funny though . 
  she has been very outspokenly anti-russian , and has advocated ( and executed as secretary of state ) many actions in the mideast that provoke russia . 
  comparatively , no one can possibly claim that ru does n't like trump much much more than her . 
  on phone but here 's first result from google - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/25/hillary-clinton-syria-no-fly-zones-russia-us-war, 
  you can find many more, 
  so then what was the point of your comment above ? 
  [ oh my god this post history ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/5qr0f0/the_terrorists_won/ ) hahahaha, 
  i think you 're misunderstanding the comment chain . 
  i only postulated that nuclear war was more likely under hillary than donald . 
  given that you are aware that clinton was in favor of many anti-russian policies in the region , and likely aware of russia 's favoritism towards trump , i 'm not sure why you feel that is n't the case . 
  did you just call pepe 's frogs ? 
  reeeeeeeee, 
  sounds like that guy just is n't very social . 
  if you 're playing with your buddies or someone you know i do n't think there 's anything wrong with filling the dead air with conversation so long as it is n't overtly annoying ( memes , bomb ass dank ass , triggered , etc. ), 
  though i 'm just entering my mid-20s so perhaps i 'm also too young to realize how annoying we all are to the older folk . 
  at any rate i 'd say if you 're playing games your primary objective should be to have fun , not to worry about accidentally annoying someone you do n't even know . 
  i 'm not an expert , and am not advising you on what to do . 
  but i sold about 25 % of my shares at peak today ; plan on selling more throughout the week . 
  it 's been a fun ride , and i have no doubts that amd is a solidly  $ 10 company , but i think the market will correct down a couple dollars , at which point i 'll buy back in . 
  best of luck !, 
  tough morning :p, 
  thanks , [ edited post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5t39mh/nvda_cry_thread/?st=iyyyeev0&amp;sh=ef2f9f47 ), 
  i really hope so , i took out a third mortgage on my condo and rented my eldest daughter out to afford a few more shares of this . 
  really hope it was n't all for naught . 
  thanks for reminding me my soxl is also down almost 3 % today : '' (, 
  til my taste in movies is very tame, 
  san diego here ; went to the bar a couple weeks ago with some friends and realized all 5 of us were like 6 ' 2 '' +, 
   the status just makes all your flaws disappear and highlights your good features . 
  trump disagrees, 
  ding ding ding , we have a winner !,
