  great channel overall , dattodoesdestiny is another solid one . 
  okay i 'll bite . 
  who is msf and why should i donate ? 
  uh did you even watch the video ? 
  an hour and a half in he says he likes to take breaks every 90 minutes or so to get up and walk around and eat and he 'll return to it later . 
   and is it worth the cost ? 
  is it a clean , well run city ? 
  i 'm just a college student so i may have a different experience with sf than you will , but i 've been there for 2 years so far . 
  the city is very well run and `` clean '' assuming you do n't go to the worst 5 % of neighborhoods , they also try to be very `` eco friendly '' clean as well , i.e. 
  no plastic shopping bags etc. 
   is there lots to do ? 
  what 's the nightlife like ? 
  comedy clubs , how about music festivals ? 
  yes that is one thing it 's definitely got going for it , there is always something going on . 
  in addition to the average day of the week stuff you can do ( zoo , golden gate park / dolores park , fisherman 's wharf , comedy clubs , etc. ), 
  it seems that at any point in the year you are always looking forward to the next big event that will be taking place in the city . 
  as a student that meant right after the semester semester started i 'd be looking forward to the hardly strictly bluegrass festival that takes place annually in golden gate park , where an unbelievable amount of people flood the area with 6 + different stages setup through the park featuring different artists , interesting food and alcohol . 
  the first year i went to it the blue angels did fly bys overhead . 
   how about the people , you mentioned it 's almost the cost of manhattan , well people in nyc tend to be very self centered and in their own world , is sf like that ? 
  yes/no . 
  in any big city you likely wo n't have as personal of a connection with people as you would in a small town in a rural area . 
  the culture is * very * liberal and embraces ideas of acceptance , self expression and community . 
  it 's a terrific art hub as well with incredible local music , painters , rappers , micro breweries , etc. 
   if the value of life is worth the cost of it then the trade off seems plausible at least . 
  it 's just a very `` fun '' place to live . 
  i 've moved all over , been to 46 states in my life and lived in ~ 18 of them and sf is probably where i 'd choose to live long term of anywhere i 've been ( if i had the money !! ) . 
  good luck on your search for good housing , if money really is n't an issue for you i 'd recommend getting in touch with a realtor in the area since they can better describe which neighborhoods you might enjoy better , there are a lot of differences depending on where you live however the cheap and efficient public transit system ( muni ) allows you to pretty much get anywhere in the city without the need of a car as long as you do n't mind a little walking . 
  yep , you can buy an adult muni pass for $ 2.00 from a machine and it lasts for 3 - 4 hours , during which time you have access to any of the subways/cable cars/buses before it expires . 
  as someone who relocated from san diego -  san francisco i was surprised by the lack of earth quakes . 
   i 'm sure if all we had to worry about was an area that size , things would be much easier . 
  not to mention the population density is much higher , so they can just plug in a building and provide service to a ton of people vs running fiber for miles just to service a handful due to the urban sprawl in the us . 
  then how come our most densely populated cities : new york city , los angeles , san francisco have lower speeds than the national average ? 
  oh right it 's because the monopolies in that area know if they jack up the price and lower the quality in densely populated areas they can make a fortune compared to their relatively minor fuckery of more rural areas . 
  it 's because we 've had two important and massively succesful waves of feminism ( and one wave of overkill ) that have made women 's rights a staple issue in the us . 
  but we still think of gamers as losers in their parent 's basement at 30 years old . 
  it 's funny to think but this is kind of reversed in other cultures , south korean pro gamers are regarded as highly as nfl players are in the us . 
  check out the documentary `` free to play '' on youtube . 
  of course it 's the one south korean city i 've ever heard of . 
  i 've been thinking of moving to asia from the us , though mostly looking at japan . 
  what made you move to sk and what do you do there for work if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  what region do you live in ? 
  shit , is it worth it ? 
   some drugs actually enhance your abilities . 
  `` weed * enhances * my work productivity . '', 
  til if i 'm going to drink and drive to stop at a convenience store first . 
  it 's because shops are basing their prices on what the average rate was for bud when it was illegal in the area , not the cost of production . 
  when it was illegal it cost significantly more than the cost of production due to the increased risk the seller was taking , and now the legal shops are taking advantage of that due to public perception being `` well that 's just what weed costs '' . 
  nice try , man . 
  oh my god i 've seen those movies !!, 
  how do you feel about tall dudes who play video games ? 
  edit : so , i think we need to talk about [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rxxmice.jpg ) . . 
  oh gosh i was n't actually prepared for questions . 
  hmm , let 's see here . 
  okay well , what was the name of the account ? 
  oh no i had no idea !, 
  yeah that 's crazy . 
  but wait i wonna see though . 
  i 'm doing well , thanks for asking . 
  my feet are pretty cold because i got my socks wet earlier when cruising around on my yacht but it happens . 
  usually it would n't be an issue but the maid who cleans my right socks had to cover for the maid who cleans my left socks so there was a bit of miscommunication and i 'm now only wearing half a sock on each foot so it 's taking a while to warm up . 
  luckily the weather is pretty nice right now at my hollywood estate so i 'm able to dry my feet in the sunshine from the hammock i 'm writing this from , but i 'm sure this kind of thing happens to you all the time . 
  how are * you * doing ? 
  the girl on the left is already checking him out ... or she 's checking me out , i 'm not sure . 
  would you be interested in becoming the head of our marketing department ? 
  keep dreaming, 
  10 years, 
  that 's pretty ignorant . 
   usa = radical christians, 
  give me a break . 
  the chinese ? 
  they played the phone interviews for the class to hear ` anonymously ' with no name attached , but obviously everyone would recognize op as he was the only male in the class so had a deeper voice . 
  i 've never been trained nor been in a position where i 've had to perform cpr , but say for some reason the need arises . . 
  i always hear things like , `` if you do n't break a rib you are n't doing it hard enough '' . 
  is this true ? 
  and if so should i just be compressing as hard as i can , what are the risks of exerting too much force vs not enough ? 
  dude that ellen clip . . the two women got a trip to hawaii and new phones and the guys got nothing haha, 
  i 'm pretty sure if i played a voice recording of the 30 most important women in your life you would n't be able to identify 100 % of them . 
  let alone a class of people you have known for at most a year or so . 
  the last panel was added later by someone else . 
  i have you tagged as ` dumb slut ' . 
  so to your credit i guess you would have some authority on the thought process of some women . 
  actually if you click the tag you can see a link to the post where you first tagged the person , tyl . 
  all my tags are generally snap judgments and overreactions though . 
  tube ... galore ? 
  edit : oh my god . 
  that means it 's * your * responsibility to ignore the family pet . 
  do n't focus on the pricks who will show it off to new hires or business partners in the building . 
  think about how good it makes op feel to have a letter written about him from a customer he helped framed in the building he works at . 
  well now i 'm not going to read the story , so thanks for the spoilers bro !, 
  serious question : do you about how much money i 'd need to spend to buy a house in thailand that is somewhat comparable to a 1 bedroom apartment in america ? 
  trollx does n't typically care about gay men . 
  well the poster above got -52 karma for mentioning that what someone said could come across as homophobic , and i got -72 karma for informing him that you will often be downvoted in this sub for mentioning anything like that . 
  surely no one can disagree with that assessment when looking at the downvotes our seemingly benign comments have accrued ; although i love this sub i 'm afraid it suffers from bandwagoning more than most . 
  yep seriously disappointed , i say we boycott their next concert . 
  you 've spoiled it . 
  yeah same , that guy is hilarious . 
  someone should buy him gold !, 
  false equivalency , you 're genetically predisposed to feel sick at the thought of eating other humans due to uncountable millenia of evolution . 
  literally the opposite of what he is saying . 
  this gif looks better than my game .
