  not offensive , just dumb . 
  they were probably black . 
  i mean . . 
  do i really need to say it ? 
   / u/flope probably meant the former, 
  you know what they say about assuming things ? 
  it makes an ass out of u and me !, 
  jeeze idk why everyone took my comment negatively , they make really snap judgements with almost no information , which i thought only black people did . 
  [ you 'd like this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrxqy4wuthw ), 
  living in san francisco , can confirm diversity . 
  why ? 
  i thought there were 7 . 
  i wonder what that would be like , do you generally find 16 and 17 year old girls more attractive than 18 + ? 
  meh , i 'm probably on worse lists than that . 
  yeah i do n't think she 's too familiar with that crowd , to each their own . 
  it might be more suitable to say she does n't want to date someone who experiments with psychedelics , since the way she put it makes it sound more like someone is addicted to mushrooms haha, 
  you have to tame that strange , eh ? 
  i do n't even . . 
   forza is a single player game, 
  get some friends bro . 
  holy fuck . . 
  i assure you no one will lie about being 6 ' 4 '' +, 
  i do the same thing . 
  it 's fun to watch drunk girls get a confused look on their face as they try to decipher the meaning of `` 5 foot 18 inches '' . 
  at what point did you begin rounding down instead of up ? 
  for me i think it was like 6 ' 5 '' . 
   but imo mentioning to someone that has poor reasoning skills ( ie a teenager or preteen ) that condoms do n't feel as good is basically giving them an excuse not to use them . 
  this is awful i 'm sorry . 
  this is the same reasoning as , `` well if we tell kids that weed wo n't really kill you then they will all become stoners ! '' . 
  kids are smart enough to know that if people need to be told to wear a condom , there 's obviously * some * reason not to , it 's best to be honest . 
  on the piss . . 
  we see through your lies, 
  there 's no division involved . 
  ryan was taking no shit today . 
  2 year old video with over a million views ? 
  san francisco does alright, 
  wow . 
  this is fairly clever . 
  yeah that 's what it is, 
  is n't that white ? 
  if you think bringing up slavery is racist against blacks and not whites i 'd wager you live in one of the confederate states . 
  nice url , had me going for a second . 
  why would you be mad ? 
  only one of his examples is an explicit violation of consent . 
  not analogous . 
  i believe he is saying the legal union between two people of the same sex would still be a show of commitment , just like marriage , but would just be called something else to remain at peace with the bible 's intentions , which is likely where the word first originated . 
  i must have missed something . 
  never seen someone with over 100k have a negative comment, 
  is the japanese original or the english remake better ? 
  i do n't generally like subtitles but if it 's much greater quality then i 'd be down . 
  there it is again !, 
   it seems a step too far to combine `` man as torture victim '' with `` obviously sexually mutilated man . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure theon 's entire ordeal is proof against this ? 
  i was a bit bummed they did n't show it as well but honestly it might have been for a reason as innocuous as not being able to do the makeup and special effects needed in order to make a convincing mutilated penis before the deadline . 
  where are these interviews ? 
  i 'm skeptical they explicitly said neither was rape . 
  i think usually when people make a claim online they provide a source , so i suggest doing that next time my dear . 
  nobody counts hawaii . 
  stay true to your flair , babe . 
  oh snap i do n't even remember the scene you 're referring to , do you know which episode it was in ? 
   the `` problem '' is , that ipods are just so freakin good . 
  they are nicely built , easy to use , just overall very polished and consumer-friendly . 
  i 'm not saying your opinion is invalid , but i bought a 1st gen zune , and have used apple products since ( i have an iphone ) , and the zune was/is just slick as fuck . 
  very nice and comfortable ui and design , easy to use . 
  yeah but i mean , there 's got ta be something there . 
  i mean the dude 's got ta pee . 
  i got ta be honest it was kind of funny the first time , though i was a freshman in high school at the time . . 
  op craves attention, 
   humans do n't really use pheromones . 
  yes they do . 
  tyl, 
   but if i ever touch a soda or a bar of chocolate , it clogs right back up again . 
  just so you know the chocolate = acne thing is n't really true , it is actually the dairy that is the problem in chocolate . 
  probably not very helpful for 90 % of chocolate products you 'll see , but there are other cocoa products out there other than milk chocolate . 
  i know you 're speaking from personal experience but for others who are looking for possible dietary causes : wheat ( as mentioned above ) and * dairy * are the two most likely contributors to cystic acne . 
  technically it is , but you can get pretty much the same drug ( isotretinoin ) under different brand names . 
  at least in the usa . 
  * / pedant *, 
   edit : um , thanks for the downvotes for just sharing an anecdote ? 
  you got something to say , say it to ma face !, 
  people are downvoting you because you are literally the person being described in this thread . 
  the `` oh why do n't you just try x , my skin is flawless !, 
  '' , probably rubs a lot of people the wrong way , especially when x is `` do nothing '' since if that was the solution there would have never been a need to start any treatment in the first place . 
  it makes sense and i do agree there are some people who are only making their situation worse by putting a bunch of chemicals and shit on their face , just mentioning that given the context that is why your op had downvotes . 
  seriously how would you get a speeding ticket back during the french revolution , walking too fast ? 
  pineapple does n't make your dick look better . 
  lol, 
  yeah no one knows what the fuck a lati is . 
  i mean why would n't it be ? 
  with that thread title am i crazy to believe eugenics should be number one every time ? 
  it is now . 
  i mean there are adults who choose to get circumcised in their 30s , my understanding is that they reported little to no difference in feeling during intercourse . 
  is n't there a law in some states that says in any dv call to the police the man must be arrested , though not necessarily charged ? 
  saving for later, 
  wait i thought he was talking about the american one . . 
  sorry about the kid though . 
  why did you do it ? 
  who has n't been gay or who has n't sucked dick ? 
  it 's true .
