  but i 'm sure it will happen within 2 presidents . 
  it seems kind if gross when you put it that way . 
  what about goats ? 
  go to a doctor now !, 
  exactly , look at the photo again and tell me if he was just some nobody that this would n't be on the top of cringepics right now . 
  what is an nbome ? 
  what were you wearing when you learned to ride a bike ? 
  the edit is the best part . 
  did he know you were a 15 year old boy ? 
  dude i bet the tip of his dick kept touching the concrete , that ca n't be sanitary . 
  holy shit 2ci and mescaline are this dangerous ? 
  i was under the impression they were no more dangerous than lsd or mushies, 
  twelve and three quarters . 
  well now i 'm just confused . 
  you mean his actual * dick * smells ? 
  i thought you just meant the room . 
  is he uncircumcised or something ? 
  but 2ci is definitely dangerous ? 
  an acquaintance was telling me i should try it sometime if i liked lsd . 
  edit : and how can you tell mescaline apart from mescaline-nbome on the street ? 
  you 're right , we should get rid of all trash cans , they clearly are n't working out . 
  ... i want one, 
  i thought i was still in the thread about teen suicide and was expecting a dark turn of events near the end . 
  though this is also pretty depressing . 
  can confirm : actual strategy . 
  what 's your favorite episode ? 
  did you like drew or lana better as the host ? 
  oh that was pitbull ? 
  til, 
  solid song though , at least the chorus, 
  the office ? 
  edit : or was it office space ? 
  that 's bonkers . 
  ca n't wait until i have kids . 
  `` if you 're under 6 and a half feet , you have to take out the garbage ! '', 
  those dorks will be doing chores their entire life !, 
  good thing i remembered to sign out of my history , he 'll never guess my yahoo !, 
  i 'm sure i do n't need to tell you this but if your daughter is gay or even if she 's having trouble forming relationships regardless of that stuff you should really look for colleges that are in more `` open and liberal '' areas than the deep south , no offense obviously . 
  sites like ratemyprofessor list every american university with ratings and comments by actual students regarding a lot of info about the atmosphere and values of those who attend , i 'm sure you guys will find a good match . 
  but she was talking about weed, 
  what about the tail , * mr. * *** scientist !? 
  whenever i use a sharp knife or scissors a small part of me is still like , `` ha , look at all this responsibility ! '', 
  i 'm in my 20s . 
  i actually think k this kind of childhood is more regionally locked than bound by time . 
  it is much more common on the east coast or in the south than on the west coast , generally . 
  this would be a good example if flights were n't actually still getting high jacked and terrorist attacks were n't happening anymore . 
  wow i have n't heard about poison dart frogs since i was like 12 . 
  throwback !, 
  i honestly think the human brain is n't meant to pick from so many options . 
  i 'll prepare a meal and then sit down to watch some netflix or any show/movie online and by the time i 've chosen something my food is ice cold . 
  i 've lived up and down both coasts and the east * generally * has a lot more of those ` old timey ' towns where ol' rick runs his own body shop down the street and everyone in the neighborhood knows each other . 
  from very brief visits to the south i 'm inclined to say they have a culture more similar to the east coast than the west . 
  good for him , the best thing he can probably do to lead a fulfilling life is take the millions he made from the show and quit while he 's ahead , though that 's not to say he would n't be a great actor if he continued . 
  hm , pretty good for a 21 year old . 
  you misunderstand . 
  edit : right , i 'm not deleting this comment , but i want to publicly say that everyone is wrong except for me . 
  you are all incorrect and viral was used at the very least awkwardly , and more likely completely incorrectly in this context . 
  go fuck yourselves . 
   ever seen a white person win ? 
  yes , more than a few times . 
  do you watch the olympics ? 
  yes ? 
  oh did n't see the username . 
  almost got me . 
   far be it for me to argue with wikipedia , god knows not just anyone can go there and write things . 
  you should become a teacher . 
  hahaha, 
  that 's illegal , right ? 
  holy shit and you can talk and everything !, 
  i suddenly feel old . 
  go on . . 
  why the fuck would you want to trip while in armed combat ? 
  that sounds fucking terrifying . 
   i guess my new password is weird awkward snake teeth . 
  just checked , no it is n't . 
  ... 99 % off ? 
  $ 357 cheaper than the ` normal ' price ? 
  how is this legal ? 
   in his mind tinder is cheating . 
  you mean there 's a way i can cheat !? 
  brb downloading tinder, 
  yeah i was gon na say , this seems like something that could happen quite innocently . 
  * sigh * some people , man . 
  yes this is exactly what he 's talking about . 
  because who gives a shit . 
  30k karma ai n't nothin to cry over . 
  i do n't understand, 
  what if i want to see the unedited version ? 
  why am i paying money to see a watered down podcast a day later if i miss the stream ? 
  but the service they use is bliptv , which if i 'm not mistaken automatically saves a copy of the stream to the servers . 
  they would have to explicitly forbid this from happening . 
  i 'd just prefer the unedited version , that 's kind of the point anyways . 
  it should be an option . 
  funny how they envisioned us having incredible wireless technology to talk to people however far away , but it had to be connected via wires to a battery pack / headphones , pretty accurate really . 
  also interesting that every person is adorned in flight gear since they all obviously have their own super powerful personal airplanes , but it was unthinkable that the role of servants would ever go away . 
  let me know if they do respond and how much they expect for shipping , i might be interested in getting one as well in the us . 
  sorry we all took a group vote and decided you were too much of a liability . 
  actually looks pretty solid if the buns were the correct color . 
  that 's kind of racist . 
  that 's what i 'm saying exactly !,
