  seriously it 's like the pokemon mmo that i 've always wanted !, 
  also , cross realm zones . 
  you can now play with people from other realms . 
  also , very immature content . 
  lots of `` drunk pandas '' and monkeys yelling `` i 'm going to ook you in the dooker ! '', 
  * criiinnge * clearly marketed towards ages 6 - 13 , but it 's still fun . 
  i like this . 
  as i sat silently atop a mountain , a lone gnome started giving me attitude at it 's peak . 
  upon nearly killing the rogue adversary , he leaped off the cliff into a goblin glider to escape , only to discover i had done the same . 
  in the end , it was an expertly aimed rocket that ended this gnome 's life . 
  rip, 
  i 'm not very smart . 
  15 , an 85 % chance of living is pretty much 100 % . 
  business major here . 
  this seems like an awesome idea !, 
  any idea when people will get to play it ? 
  beating an addiction to cigarettes . 
  i do n't think it 's right to sneakily take a picture of her and post it online for everyone , possible friends or family , to see . 
  so if you 're in public that 's a golden ticket for people to take pictures of you and post them online ? 
  do you feel the same way about people who follow around girls wearing skirts with an upward-facing camera , that because they were not in a `` private coach '' they deserve it ? 
  only 20k ? 
  jealous . 
  i 'm only a freshman and have more than that . 
  wow i just realized after posting this image that the first two times i tried printing did actually work , i just did n't see them until now . 
  holy shit , we should just get all of reddit to move their mouse around the center of the screen whenever they 're on youtube !, 
  `` please just hurry up . '', 
  downstairs cesar chavez building, 
  tell you in three years, 
  all the more reason to take advantage of it now while you still can !, 
  in all seriousness , the spot almost seems intentionally designed for this kind of farming . 
  i ca n't think of anywhere else in the world where npc 's are spawning in groups 10 yards in front of you , pathing past you 20 yards and despawning over and over again . 
  sorry should have clarified , it 's in the southeast of townlong steppes , the beginning of the video shows the path directly from two moon 's capitol city . 
  it 's in southeastern townlong steppes in pandaria , see my reply to kalmaltor . 
  if i 'm not mistaken there is a quest-chain in kun lai summit near the wall that eventually leads you into the new zone to begin questing once you are the appropriate level . 
  alternatively you could find someone with a two-seater flying mount to get you over there :p, 
  have you considered the possibility that maybe so many people started picking their pockets that they simply ran out of money ? 
  well do you really think it makes sense that if i pay $ 15 every month to play a game , i should have my account revoked for utilizing a technique that is completely within the boundaries of fair play ? 
  shutup . 
  . . then why did you say it was employed by the male privileged class ? 
  you can be completely naked in san francisco . 
  source : yep, 
  yeah every supporter of men 's rights always blame women for their issues !, 
  why are they so sexist !, 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  the opposite is also true . 
  when you live in a society with a paradigm such as gender that emphasizes differences between two roles , i.e. 
  masculinity and femininity , members of each label are undoubtedly going to blame all of the misfortunes set upon their own gender for reasons belonging to the opposing one . 
  tl ; dr men oppress women . 
  but it is foolish to say that women do not oppress men as well . 
  you do n't know what art school is . 
  and that 's okay . 
  yeah because louisville and girls high school sounds so good right ? 
  i 've always found shrooms to be way more intense than lsd actually . 
  i 'm talking about just your average ~ 140 - 200 microgram tabs compared to ~ 3.6 grams of shrooms . 
  whenever i have a friend or know someone interested in experimenting with psychedelics i always recommend lsd first , it seems pretty mellow in comparison and i have always felt much more `` in control '' , lowering the risk of bad trips . 
  just my two cents though , and everyone reacts differently . 
  do you have a similar amount of experience with lsd by chance ? 
  if so , which do you prefer and why ? 
  right ? 
  seven, 
  that 's a really interesting way of looking at it , mushrooms being another organism and therefor having a bit of control of it 's own . 
  it definitely jives with how i feel when i 've eaten them . 
  i also could n't agree more with your last couple sentences , but i find it 's hard to explain to people . 
  the last time i took mushrooms , about a couple months ago , i ended up in a terrifying panic attack state ( looking back it 's easy to tell it was terrible set / setting ) , but even after going through that , and right near the end of the trip as the effects started to dwindle , i was glad i went through it . 
  it felt like i had flushed out a lot of garbage that had been sitting in my mind making me anxious . 
  ^ everyone should read this before trying for the first time . 
  i 've done both a handful of times now over the past ~ 18 months , and the last sentence of your post is really important . 
  i do n't know about this . 
  i think life in prison is pretty fucked up , for anyone , mass murderers included . 
  it is a type of psychological torture that will , literally , last as long as they live . 
  i wish we just had a `` prison island '' where people who were sentenced to life could just go and fend for themselves . 
  it would be much cheaper than penitentiaries as we save money on food , shelter , guards etc. 
  and it guarantees that they will not bring harm to any more innocent people again , but perhaps to other criminals . 
  i do n't understand . 
  when it found out it was going to lose it would have had to assume that the opposing player was about to make the correct move every turn , right ? 
  say i have every piece still on the board and the computer only has a king and it 's pawn . 
  it would most likely give up , right ? 
  but what is stopping me from just moving my king center field and getting checkmated ? 
  my exact thought right before he shot it . 
  i do n't even know what reddit gold does . 
  sure wish i could find out though . 
  do n't feel too bad . 
  people are reacting to your crass statement in reply to something that honestly , is despicable human behavior and disgusting . 
  it did seem a bit `` immature '' to just post an overused slogan of anti-establishment nonsense with no real content or reason why as a catch-all response to any problem in the country . 
  that was your first post that got downvoted , then when you said you were 15 everyone was real excited to hop on the karma train of `` ha you are only 15 ? 
  i am : _______ and therefor more intelligent and experienced . '', 
  no use arguing with these kinds of people as you can see due to the fact that many are actually younger than you or less socially-developed as they have detrimented to such a state that they crave self-validation from other internet users by offering a demographic other than themselves as a scapegoat to hate . 
  tl ; dr - people were mad at your overused slogan in an otherwise serious comment-thread . 
  they did n't have much to get angry about though , until they found out you were 15 . 
  then it 's all aboard the teen-hating karma train !, 
  do you guys have . . battletoads ? 
  sadly , no it is n't . 
  we have the same thing in parts of socal , i was getting the mail in front of my house when out of the corner of my eye i saw something move . 
  i looked down a tarantula was just starting to crawl onto my shoe haha, 
  this was when i lived in palm springs . 
  it 's pretty much just desert there , giant sand dunes just a couple miles from my house so it 's expected . 
  we also had a terrible infestation of [ wind scorpions ] ( http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/007/cache/sun-scorpion_786_600x450.jpg ) , which kept getting inside until we moved . 
  a couple phrases that i had been saying wrong for years ( not necessarily recent ) :, 
  - it is `` breaking and entering '' not `` breaking an entry '', 
  - it is `` gang up on someone '' not `` gain up on someone '',
