  should we carry around a cup ? 
  then it just costs the back of your throat . 
  what the fuck did it say ? 
  maybe they enjoy it ? 
  that 's legal in pretty much every country unless you 're talking about underclassmen . 
  aka cancer, 
  at least he asked first . 
  his sister still brings it up . 
  is that you nsa ? 
  why supper ? 
  have you been to the east coast ? 
  only when drunk . 
  perfect you wo n't be able to detect eachothers awful smoker breath . 
  i 'm predicting this one will be the most successful , but that gavin will mess something up , michael will yell at gavin , and ray will die . 
  let 's see . 
  edit : nevermind just heard jack 's plan . 
  this is for sure not going to be successful . 
  i thought so, 
  fuck i would totally do that shit . 
  i mean if i do n't blow up the cow i 'm sure the next guy will anyways . 
  story for # 2 ? 
  i feel like if you did this anywhere public you would get your ass handed to you by a bunch of onlookers . 
  and most people are n't gay ? 
  honestly the comments i 've received in this thread have kind of turned me off of the idea . 
  not to be like a sourpuss or anything but i was hoping the atmosphere would be more chill and friendly i guess . 
  lol i do n't think having sex without a condom is really a `` fetish '', 
  so the joke did n't fly over your head . 
  sounds like a personal issue . 
  nope , i 'm 20 . 
  that parking lot thing , you have a lot more commitment than i do to being in shape , good for you . 
  how the fuck do you even recognize mila kunis ' voice over ventrilo ? 
  i mean , i would have to be watching that 70s show while playing to make the connection . 
  see i did n't know that , this is exactly what i 'm talking about !, 
  i 'm sure by the time i have kids the gaming console will just exist in the cloud . 
  i teach at a summer camp . 
  like fianc\u00e9 and fianc\u00e9e . 
  way more believable . 
  6 ' 6 '' , the benefits start to fall off . 
  dude this is fantastic , i 've no doubt your stuff is gon na blow up soon . 
   she 's gon na end up in the hospital having to explain why a cork is stuck in her rectum, 
  i 'm pretty sure they could figure it out . 
  or if they just casually go seal clubbing on the weekends , who gives a shit . 
  i do . 
  i 'm sorry but , this is n't real . 
  this kind of stuff is never real , look how slowly she is taking out her drink . 
  because if reddit is to believed there 's a high probability i 'll get to see naked pictures of the person ? 
  wait ... gmail has an undo send feature ? 
  ** o.o **, 
  i dont get it, 
  i think the forgot attachment thing is default now , saved me when sending my resume a few times haha . 
  i 'll have to look around for that undo feature . 
  ^ much excite, 
  i think it would take a while to die of asphyxiation with a chex mix piece in your trachea , but i 'm sure it would still * feel * like you 're about to die and the fight or flight response would induce a real panic , probably similar to how waterboarding victims usually are n't actually in danger of drowning , but the body and mind reacts as if it was . 
  would n't the needle had to have been used to extract blood containing hep or aids in order to transmit it ? 
  why would you have an aids needle in your hand ? 
  do you know why this is unacceptable now ? 
  i mean obviously any alcohol is unhealthy but surely a tiny bit is less harmful than some other medications that are prescribed to children ? 
  keep reading, 
  maybe he was talking about a piece of legislation ? 
  what 's a tower climber ? 
  how many would i think ? 
  i bet that 's pretty common . 
  but cutting your finger a few times is life changing . 
  yeah everyone there seems really relaxed . 
  love this song , [ my darling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5aw_jukubq ) is also similar and really good . 
  1 bag = .1 grams, 
  one is further north than the other . 
  where are you from ? 
  in my experience using * mad * to mean ` very ' is usually only done around the east coast us , while * radical * is on the west coast . 
  not that it matters at all , but was just curious . 
  ` fans destroy lapd drone ' = cops are bad ? 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's terrifying . 
  not sure if on purpose , but the double meaning here is fantastic . 
  did you ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i get that you guys are friends but would it have been too much to just let her sleep in the bathroom and clean herself up in the morning ? 
  kind of a cunt to tell other people he said that . 
  source ? 
  are the police legally allowed to apprehend people like this while off duty ? 
  if so what does off duty even mean ? 
  me too !, 
  what brought you to the er in the first place ? 
  how did you know it was n't just a sore throat ? 
  did n't notice it was penguins until this comment . 
  keeper for sure, 
  where do you live ? 
  i bet you do as well . 
   edit : fuck nope :(, 
  you really think rome is better than san diego ? 
  having been to both i can tell you that is n't the case ,, 
   i can hop in a car and drive to san diego . 
  not everybody has that luxury though , for some people in the us san diego might as well be on another continent . 
  because misogyny shitlord, 
  had me for a second, 
  if you are actually baffled you should look into the actual account of what happened sometime . 
  mary was not a virgin who gave birth , her mother was . 
  according to the bible mary 's body was an appropriate vessel to carry christ because it was brought into the world without original sin , she still had sex and got pregnant from it . 
  i think that 's the point , do you get nervous when talking to an attractive guy ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how did you get into that field and about how much did that job pay ?
