  ha no problem , i 'm excited they 're building one up in san francisco !, 
  a too bad not dress looking ? 
  idiot, 
  clever, 
  either this chart is specifically for females or terribly inaccurate . 
  is it really that tragic ? 
  i imagine he ca n't fully grasp the implications of his situation . 
  though i agree it must be terrible circumstances for everyone who knows and loves him , but to him it would seem he just keeps moving forward without being burdened by the past . 
  weird , doctors all my life have been telling me i 'm underweight but that graph and this calculator say i 'm normal . 
  perhaps the accuracy dwindles the further outlier you are on height , i 'm very tall . 
  that 's what i was hoping as well . 
  oh well , hello fellow san franciscan !, 
  can someone tell me how these guys earned the nickname `` the nazis '' ? 
  edit : was there a swastika tattoo that i missed or something ? 
  edit : wow 13 downvotes , there must be some elitist faggots who browse this sub , i guess i 'll keep my pleb mouth shut when i do n't understand something next time , enjoy the show !, 
  sounds relaxing, 
  i feel like he probably would n't like this nickname . 
  sad , but it sounds fascinating from a medical point of view . 
  i bet we could stand to learn a lot about human emotions/behavior from studying him , though i 'm not sure on the ethical dilemma of getting consent from someone who will forget 2 seconds later . 
  right , but if he honestly ca n't remember anything bad , then ignorance is bliss . 
  he 'll never have to stress out about not paying the bills , or not having enough money for food , or having his heart broken , or having ptsd from any manner of things that happen to people . 
  there are literally entire books written on how to `` live only in the present and do n't dwell on the past '' . 
  obviously it 's an imperfect situation but i could think of 100 worse scenarios i would rather find myself in . 
   he would take all of that back for the chance to make a real connection with another human being, 
  again , ignorance is bliss , he does n't fully comprehend what he 's missing . 
  i do n't find it tragic that some species of bats are blind and will never behold the beauty of a rainbow , or a wide open landscape , because they do n't completely understand or spend sleepless nights pondering it 's importance . 
  i still think, 
   obviously it 's an imperfect situation but i could think of 100 worse scenarios i would rather find myself in . 
  and i suppose if you disagree , then there is n't a whole bunch that can be said that will change either of our stances . 
  damn over 50 % downvotes , i thought this was hilarious haha, 
  when you say topdecks , you just mean draws right ? 
  idk but it has one of those domains where i 'd bet it 's either some fucked up weird image or a page just to get ad views / infect your computer . 
  either way i 'll pass . 
  fuck you and everyone who uses this fucking term !, 
  he thinks you 're someone from outside of the us sending to the us . 
  do n't worry , i understood this miscommunication . 
  actually the wife/mother died last year , this was the first time either has been to pax and a random stranger is taking the photo . 
  sad stuff : /, 
  you should see his top rated comments . 
  all he does is post the most overused and cringey things redditor 's love to post a million times a day , and a bunch of circlejerking dumbfucks think he 's being serious and upvote him . 
  he does what i wish i could do if i had more time , or a longer attention span . 
  i definitely see what you mean , though youtube tutorials and other video resources are how i learned programming myself , so i guess it varies person to person . 
  thorough thanks for the feedback !, 
  god told me in a dream . 
  wow , ca n't believe the amount of redditors who are pro-censorship on the site to be honest , especially with the seemingly broad distaste for anything limiting freedom of speech on the internet . 
  bad enough that they banned / r/niggers , now all of the people who were happy just posting in there are spreading their bigotry to other subreddits . 
  seriously , people seem to think that censorship is only applicable if they remove something that they personally enjoy . 
  no one is willing to stand up for the rights of others which is why we 're all fucked . 
  edit : also according to the dictionary :, 
  ** censor : **, 
  a person who examines books , movies , letters , etc. 
  [ websites ] , and * removes things that are considered to be offensive , immoral , harmful to society , * etc. 
  out of curiosity , what country do you reside in ? 
  in my experience these kinds of things vary depending on what part of the world people are from . 
  for instance i know a lot of people from the uk who are less worried about government surveillance than my friends in the us ( where i 'm from ) , they commonly and un-ironically say `` if you are n't doing anything wrong then there 's nothing to worry about '' when i ask them how they feel about the mass amount of security cameras in the uk . 
  in the us however people lose their shit over stuff like that which is why the government tries as best as possible to do it stealthily and without the press bringing it to the front page . 
  one thing i think we can both agree on though , is that removing subreddits like those referred to above * is * textbook censorship , see my post below where i copy pasted the dictionary definition . 
  how you doin, 
  everyone knows people who watch porn do n't get invited to parties !, 
  story of my masturbatory life . 
  damn 0 upvotes and 17 downvotes , people are really emotional in this subreddit with such little time left before release, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  get it from the microsoft store nerd you have 4 hours as of this post , they deliver it on release day and you get 1600 points, 
  edit : yeah guys make sure you downvote this post so other people who want to get the game ca n't see the best online deal at the moment , fucking idiots, 
  nifty , is there like an actual binary difference in the game where it says , `` would you like to do a heist or a robbery ? '', 
  or is it more just based on how much effort and planning you put into it decides the difference ? 
   planned heist aka mission . 
  ah now i understand , thanks, 
  yeah it 's a great deal , wonder why 4 people downvoted me, 
  bay area is n't in socal , just fyi, 
  seriously , i 'm more terrified that one of my roommates wo n't be home to get the delivery since i 'll be in class , then i would have to fucking pick it up from somewhere the next day or something . 
  i 've lived in san diego ( as far socal as you can get ) for years and just recently moved up here to the bay last year . 
  in my experience everyone agrees that the whole bay area is in fact in `` norcal '' . 
  i 'm actually not really sure where people would consider the cut off between southern/northern but i do know people in each part strongly dislike being considered in the other part haha . 
  i would say socal is probably only the bottom 10 % of the state probably starting around los angeles to be honest , since that 's where every stereotypical southern californian city is . 
  yeah that works out . 
  i do n't think i 'd want to leave a copy of gta v out on my door step right next to a huge college campus haha , way too many people would be interested . 
  well good luck dude maybe i 'll see you online !, 
  gamertag is urstuck, 
  whats this from ? 
  where do you think the cutoff is then ? 
  i 'm from sd and everyone i talk to says they 're sad that i live in norcal now . 
  in fact they would be flabbergasted if i tried to say sf was in socal , does n't make any sense . 
  i wonder how many people read that in those 30 seconds and never bothered to check again . 
  is there a further purpose or meaning ? 
  or just for funsies ? 
  damn how did you even sign into the app ? 
  i keep getting errors i assume from the thousands of other nerds trying to sign in simultaneously . 
  that shit will clog your pores !, 
   other nerds, 
  i said that !, 
  this reminds me , you guys need to fix ^ ^ ( paranthesis when making text smaller ), 
  obviously, 
  if you want to type ^ ^ this small or ^ ^ ^ smaller the parenthesis wont work . 
  ^ ^ ( unless i 'm doing it wrong ), 
  no i think that i am misunderstanding you , where does this backslash go because from the comment preview i do n't seem to be getting it right, 
  also the country that had a congress that declared pizza as a vegetable . 
  its not, 
  ^ ( thanks for your help , but i just want to know how i can write long sentences like this except one size ^ smaller without putting an up arrow behind every word ), 
  right that 's what i 'm saying , so it 's broken right ?
