  holy shit that 's a lot of gold . 
  also , how did you find this comment ? 
  wait , where is that thread ? 
  i 've been thinking about doing this , broke college student . 
  what 's the most legal trouble you could get in for this ? 
  i imagine they would just fire you, 
  why ? 
  i 'm sure he still pays taxes . 
  i 'm curious , were there any legal ramifications other than getting the video removed eventually ? 
  i swear there 's a word for that . . 
  do n't read too much into it . 
  that 's / u/here _ comes_the_king, 
   it 's like having a lolita fetish for dora - fucked up . 
  i personally do n't identify with any of the groups you 've brought up here , so maybe it 's not fair for me to comment , but do you really believe that fucking animals is less ` fucked up ' than that ? 
  do you think there 's something wrong with looking at child porn ? 
  edit : downvote me for starting a discussion , did n't mean to step on anyone 's paws . 
  pretty sure he/she was saying they 're the same . 
  how the fuck would you know ? 
  but i gave you a disguise , it 's hardly identifiable !, 
   the usa ( i am australian ) is more like europe as a whole , than one small country . 
  as an american , i 've seen europeans get surprisingly outraged by this assertion , but i agree . 
  i did the same thing , took a bunch of benzos ( kolonopin iirc ) and was drinking liquor all night with some friends . 
  i shit you not , 3 years later i was taking a shower and for the first time remembered the events of that night perfectly clear . 
  interesting , 350 seems really small ( granted i know nothing about this stuff ) , the dell pc i got 6 years ago has a 750w one , overkill i suppose . 
  i 'd like to spend as little as possible without cutting into performance or my stuff just shutting down like you mentioned , would like 500w be a safe bet ? 
  do you know or recommend any good ones that are cheap at the moment ? 
  i can tell you as a past user who had a short term binge with advertisemetaphine that the high was very underwhelming the money i had spent on the stuff bummed me out for such a small bang for my buck . 
  i thought that maybe i had just a higher tolerance than most users but upon visiting aa ( advertisers anonymous ) found that a very small percentage of people were happy spending their money on the reddit strain . 
  one makes one power supply ` better ' than another ? 
  i mean as long as it 's above the point where the system would shut down there is n't really any other concerns right ? 
  for sure , i think i 'll order the xfx one right now thanks for the help . 
  but speaking of cases , do you have any recommendations for a case i could get ? 
  no problem , thanks for the help !, 
  but , your vag . 
  just watched click today since it 's new on netflix . 
  solid movie and actually made me tear up at one point which sandler never does . 
  what would you prefer ? 
  let me help you with that ,, 
  hahahafafsgaha everyone look at this guys dick loool more like , stick amirite ? 
  now how do you feel ? 
  though i 'm pretty sure everyone cringes when i say it . 
  we are men of fine taste . 
  not really that crazy when you consider the fact that there is a fetish for everything . 
  i 'm sure this kind of thing was pretty common sometime in our evolutionary history . 
   rubbing the old penis, 
  edit : also no , as others have said it does n't work . 
   i was a strange girl, 
  i have you tagged as ` gives blowjobs at gunpoint ' . 
  e is literally the worst looking letter in the alphabet you fucking nerd . 
  followed closely by z and n. 
  surely there 's nothing in the world that would look better on 4 titans than 3 , right ? 
  can confirm , quit smoking ~ a year ago , was at hippie hill for 4:20 4/20 and felt it . 
  definitely nowhere near stoned , but also not stone cold sober . 
  edit : granted the place i was at was n't quite as wide open as the op, 
  whats this from ? 
   i love being acutely aware of the fact that i truly am in control , and that she would not be able to stop me without me allowing it . 
  so struggling is nice , but i mean real struggling , not kind-of-moving-around-a-bit-but-not-really-doing-anything . 
  do you ever fear you 've accidentally raped someone after finishing ? 
  what planet do you guys live on where employers look at your grades ? 
  i 've never had to show mine at any job i 've ever worked at , even while still in high school . 
  i found this pretty boring , and not really that informative past the basics . . maybe i 'm the problem . 
  that 's too bad , it starts as a dumb comedy but turns into a poignant message, 
  have you ever been caught before ? 
  i 'm still in college and feel like i would fuck up the dates during the interview , like `` yeah back when in my high school internship in 2011 , er , i mean 2009 . 
  o.o '', 
  my mom just took the train from new york to california for like a hundred bucks . 
  ca n't find flights that cheap . 
  eh not really , most states have minimum wages of at least $ 8.00 / hr , which would be $ 1,386.67 / month . 
  where i live specifically the minimum wage is $ 10.50 / hr , so $ 1,820.00 / month . 
   but i have 2 options for internet which is rare in the us . 
  it 's really not as rare as reddit would like to make it seem . 
  i thought you said you did n't watch it, 
  i was talking about the us . 
  i think you just pissed off a lot of people from the united kingdom haha, 
  surely you must be female, 
  i agree with everything you 've written , particularly the foreword . 
  teenagers , sometimes , will go and read one article online and combine that with anecdotal stuff their friends at school have said and suddenly their experts on foreign policy , oil companies , etc. 
  this is why teenagers are retarded , but that 's okay we were all there . 
  i helped her book it , may have been a temporary deal . 
  i 'm on mobile but will look it up when i 'm home . 
  3 days iirc . 
  free meals on the train . 
  yeah, 
  seriously i could fuck a deer up , and i 've seen them in person i ai n't no city slicker . 
  just time a good punch or chokehold . 
  apparently it was the dog of an elderly ( mid 60s ) woman , add to that the fact that she is french and a fight is just clearly not going to happen . 
  as a relatively young man i 'd definitely run at the deer and try to intervene . 
  i 've never fought a deer so might get my ass handed to me but i feel like i could just get a quick couple punches or shove it hard enough and it would run away . 
  who patented it ? 
  i 'm not sure i 'm following you . 
  i 'm saying if i looked outside and a deer was beating the shit out of my dog , i would go fuck that thing up . 
  i do n't care about deer those things are pests . 
   ( free cookies for everyone getting the `` deepah '' reference ), 
  ` deeper ' but in black ? 
  up his butt and around the corner ? 
  this made me lol, 
  this is why you ca n't trust women with public office . 
  * saturation *, 
  my condolences , though to be fair the cost of living generally stays pretty proportional to the local minimum wage . 
  the only way to really benefit would be if i stopped paying all of my bills for a couple months while still working , then took all of my $ 10.50 / hour monopoly money and moved somewhere with a lower wage .
