  no you wo n't . 
  that was great , is there a video ? 
  unfortunately this is what most people think , due to the aforementioned downplaying by the media . 
   i 'm pretty sure history started 6,000 years ago, 
  it 's only 2014 you fucking idiot . 
  that was really cool , thanks !, 
  relevant name . 
  how does barbara feel about your latest book ? 
  no just lizard boners . 
  the only reasonable explanation . 
  my buddy claims he 's top 5 on the jungle level in mario kart double dash . 
   you do like 50 of those a say and then you will be ... really good at making your cock bounce . 
  i thought they were saying it would make you jizz further . 
  7/10 no sneeze or fart . 
  that does n't sound at all like what the op implied the movie was like . . 
  sounds kind of fun to me , especially if me and my buddies were drunk and went . 
  i think everyone either consciously or subconsciously just has a chip on their shoulder regarding how some venues treat the animals , but i do n't think that detracts from the fun of the event as a whole . 
  source : i 've never been but it sounds kinda cool, 
  why did you even check the source code for his post ? 
  yeah i was jealous when i read that they do n't start until after school completion . 
  just accept your mother for who she is , not everyone cares to be up to date on the latest government scandals . 
  it 's not like people are rioting in the streets , as long as no social movement is happening there really is n't any harm in her willingly remaining ignorant . 
  hey so my friend and i want to go but we ` lost our ids ' , if we just bring some beers ourselves to enjoy and share i hope it wo n't be an issue . 
  sounds like fun !, 
  fosh breh make sure to bring that bomb ass green ass dank ass dope ass budsies bru, 
  wow that 's incredibly harsh , i 'm surprised . 
  i could understand if it were an indoor venue , but to report someone and have them removed from a park seems a bit excessive . 
  right , she might accidentally vote for the candidate who does n't support snowden . 
  what , why ? 
  if he bought the property and rightfully owns it why should he let people trespass ? 
  how would you feel if people from the street casually started hanging out on your patio or in front of your door all the time ? 
  are you in middle school ? 
  i disagree , but obviously we 're both biased . 
  you 're bias is that you support a law that does not prevent you from doing anything but does prevent others . 
  everyone ( generally ) would like to drink alcohol at a social event where others are doing the same , not everyone wants to have sex with kids . 
  your logic , is rather , * remarkable . 
  again , cocaine/meth are illegal to * everyone * while alcohol is illegal to * someone * . 
  you are continually falling into the same logical fallacies in your examples that i said was the issue in the first place . 
  regardless , it 's obviously illegal , i was just surprised by the austerity of a group of people from the internet meeting in a park . 
  to me it seems similar to placing someone under citizen 's arrest if you see them jaywalking and waiting with them for the police to arrive . 
  what are you into ? 
  if you 're in sf you should come to the meetup , otherwise my buddy and i are always looking for some internet strangers to play online monopoly with !, 
  look , all i 'm saying is it seems unnecessarily harsh to remove people who bring their own beer to share and report them to the authorities just because they do n't have an id . 
  i 'm not trying to justify a bunch of high schoolers showing up and getting wasted off of someone else 's beer , but i turn 21 in a couple months and find the idea that a reddit meetup in golden gate park would call the authorities if i showed up with beer kind of ridiculous . 
  again , i 'm not arguing , i just think it 's kind of silly . 
  which, 
  also the sun . 
  i 'd bet it was ` rape ' . 
  `` baby '', 
  i really do n't think that 's what people are upset about at all . 
  i 'll take your word for it , i generally do n't browse through this subreddit , but i 'm saying in this specific instance it seems obvious ( at least to me ) that people would be more fearful or upset that someone was hired who is n't a good fit or match for the show just because they are dating someone who works there , thereby reducing the quality of content . 
  i would be surprised if any reasonable amount of backlash was due to the fact that people felt the spot of being a host on the patch or another rt show was stolen from them . 
   most people will instinctively say `` no !, 
  of course not ! '', 
  well fuck me . 
  my girlfriend lives in san francisco . 
  preposterous . 
  i actually had to stop smoking weed after taking mushies a couple times as every time i toked it gave me acute anxiety and became ultimately an unpleasurable experience . 
  i 'm not completely convinced the change in high was caused by the psychedelics but the timeframe would make sense . 
  i am only now a couple years later able to handle small amounts of bud without getting anxious , though i generally avoid it altogether . 
  used to smoke every day . 
  wait , which has multiplied ? 
  shit i did n't even think about googling with the number on the back , i figured it was unique to each pill . 
  i do n't suppose there 's anyway to tell if it 's expired via some kind of test ? 
  or to see if it contains any adulterants ? 
  or is that not really any issue with this kind of thing, 
  edit : and would you recommend taking 1 on two separate occasions or both at once ? 
  i dont get it ? 
  is she a deer ? 
  ` premium beef ', 
  ramsay skin flakes poisoning, 
  they have that here in iran . 
  i heard if you have two customers order the same thing in a row there is a chance that there food could be mixed up before giving it to them . 
  now i 'm not one to latch on to scandals , but is there any truth behind this ? 
  oh , i think i get it . 
  i mean at my job my employment is based on an hourly wage , but i also have a standard 40 hour work week , so i just say my salary is my hourly wage x the amount of hours i work per year . 
  fair enough , i make an hourly wage but just say my salary is my wage x the amount of hours i work per year . 
  yeah that makes sense , i guess i 'd just be concerned about the sudden 650mg of acetaminophen , do you recall how much of that was in yours ? 
  i was waiting for a bus and he approached me and asked if i wanted vicodin . 
  i instinctually said no thanks as it comes naturally to strangers on the street asking me stuff ( i live in a big city ) but when he started walking away i was like , `` wait . . how much ? '', 
  he gave me 2 / $ 5 , said he was just trying to buy lunch for him and his girl . 
  i also live in san francisco so drug offers from strangers are n't necessarily uncommon . 
  you 're telling me toronto and ontario are n't on opposite sides of canada ? 
  the title implies one is within the boundaries of the other, 
  niggers ? 
  that 's some orwellian shit, 
  ` the swedes will never look here ! ', 
  wow cool a pharmacist , perfect !, 
  i [ recently got a couple vicodin ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/drugs/comments/270jlh/got_a_couple_vicodin_from_a_possibly_homeless/ ) and was wondering what the downside was to taking expired vicodin ? 
  oh and should i eat before taking them ? 
  thanks buddy !, 
  i was actually just in a group project that had to make a video and we decided to do something like it . 
  it 's not very good and i would n't actually * recommend * it to anyone but i just thought it was funny that it was actually relevant to something . 
  where do you live ? 
  how much can i expect for shipping because i 'd totally buy a few for 57 cents each . 
  my what really did n't want to see it !?!, 
  you make $ 16 a day ? 
  seriously though would n't he ? 
  what kind of crazy well can kill 7 people, 
  how is that the opposite ?
