  it 's a theme that 's been repeated thousands of times and probably one of the 6 unique plots movies write , so perhaps i 've been influenced by this line of thinking to believe that corrective action is admirable regardless of what the cause . 
  - on that note , i think the example you gave with the drunk mother was pretty good , i 90 % want to agree with you , but there 's still a small part of me that thinks , in that exact moment with the mother thrown from the window and looking at the car trying to find her child , she can either drunkenly begin to sob and mourn the death , helplessly slap at the sides of the vehicle and wait for help , or she can step the fuck up and immediately sober up and lift that shit to save her kid . 
  the decisions she made to get to that situation are objectively terrible and i think we both agree stupid as fuck , but i personally still find her way of remedying the situation admirable . 
  - oh and something something depending on your social/economic/geographic environment , doing drugs is as `` everyday normal '' to some people as walking the dog is to others . 
  good discussion , i 'm not an addict but enjoyed the debate , cheers !, 
  except she is n't going to be sent home she 'll be kept in a psych ward for at least a little while while they monitor her . 
  so yeah , if someones trying to kill themselves everyone else should just fuck off . 
  either they 're doing it for attention , in which case , we do n't want to show that this kind of behavior awards it and they 'll grow tired of pretending . 
  or they 're actually suicidal and should have rule over their own life . 
  did a quick search and found [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mensrights/comments/18nqf0/girlfriend_stopped_taking_the_pill_without/ ) story from a few months ago , i 'm sure that subreddit has a bunch more though as i recall reading a couple not too long ago . 
  anyone who does this kind of thing is batshit crazy . 
  enlightening . 
  edit : i 'm curious to know why i 'm `` a fucking idiot '' . 
  is it because my opinion is different than yours ? 
  do you think every person about to commit suicide is worth `` saving '' ? 
  interesting . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1h36a8/ ) is the reference in case anyone was curious as i was . 
  how do you know they have n't already planned it out months ahead ? 
  do n't you think it 's a bit selfish to stop someone from ending their life if they wanted to ? 
   the costs of delaying the death of someone who will commit suicide eventually are much lower than not acting and allowing someone to die who should n't have . 
  i guess this discussion ends here then , as i definitely do n't see it that way . 
  when looking at the individual , if they decide to end their life , then there is no more suffering emotional/physically for them , it is an end . 
  how can you possibly claim that there is a greater cost for them by preventing this end ? 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  well * you * are the personal bitch/sextoy to the person you are hiring , not the other way around . 
  so she is basically being paid to be dominant over another person/persons . 
  damn if i was at the bar and that happened i would just feel extremely uncomfortable , especially with those mask things they sometimes wear . 
  i would : c, 
  shutup, 
   so much whoosh itt . 
  til * squirrelslaughter *, 
  maybe they were just standing near the water and got hit by a cannon ball ? 
  well it would 've sounded weird if he had said he would go around tables and ask politely . 
  most people when they hear duck they just assume `` quack '' , they did n't know george specifically knew how to say 7 human words . 
  exactly !, 
  man if i was blackout drunk i would have hugged him so hard !, 
  i love the little guy !, 
  then i would take him back with me and my friends for the night to feed him some real food . 
  but , * dude * . 
  i mean , ducks ? 
  really ? 
  that 's kinda fucked up . 
  wait you guys spent the night in an aquarium ? 
  lol where did you sleep ? 
  i thought imgur was made by a redditor a few years back, 
   making money is not the only `` use '' that a company can have, 
  though it should be noted that the only responsibility a business has is to make it 's shareholders as profitable as possible . 
  yeah , i was a college student who had run out of financial aid and had no money for 4 days / no food . 
  i sometimes let my pride get in the way so it was a big deal for me to ask strangers for help . 
  got 1 reply asking for an address , i gave it to him and never heard back and never got a reply when i followed up . 
  so that momentary excitement made the hunger much worse . 
  does n't the cook usually knead pizza ? 
  ^ ( bum bum tsh ! ), 
  in all seriousness i made a post there when i had no money and had n't eaten in a couple days . 
  so , i guess * i needed * that pizza . 
  though the post never got answered . 
  what voice were the first 22 words in ? 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  yeah that would 've been a godsend , i think i must have checked and they might not have had one at the time , though maybe this semester they will !, 
  ( though hopefully i wo n't need it :p ), 
  my best to you and your husband !, 
  knew what this link would be before clicking it , i 'm bummed they did n't do more pranks , only like 6 total last i checked ( 2 years ago haha ), 
  oh god, 
  thought i knew him but then saw the teeth , i 'm from the u.s. 
  hm , i filtered out any link with the word `` royal '' in it and you cleverly skipped past me with your vague title !, 
  bravo , fellow murican !, 
  lol, 
   adult women in skimpy clothing being sexually assaulted ? 
  neither theory holds any water, 
  i find this hard to believe , do you have a source or a specific study i should google for ? 
  edit : with what i quoted it 's a bit confusing , but what i find hard to believe is that it has proven that there is not a correlation with frequency of sexual assault related to conservativeness of clothing worn by victim . 
   way too many people think dance is so sexual, 
  our ancestors included . 
  damn i 've never grown up as a girl but i imagine that would be confusing as fuck . 
  i mean if you do n't even fully comprehend the sexual nature of adult female breasts , and you do n't have any yourself , i would be angry as hell if i was the only one who had to put a shirt on when swimming . 
  hm , i 'm not convinced . 
  would n't you be `` vulnerable and accessible '' if you were wearing just a short skirt with no underwear as opposed to jeans and a belt ? 
  9 people upvoted you but i bet 0 read that . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
   over 2/3 of rape victims knew their attacker beforehand , and probably thought that they were safe company . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's really relevant , but yes that 's quite a scary thought . 
  so you are saying that if a moderately attractive woman went out wearing just her underwear , she has the exact same chance of being sexually assaulted as an objectively * un * attractive woman wearing a trench coat ? 
  perhaps we will just have to agree to disagree . 
  do n't ask questions . 
  wait a minute . . 
   we waste trillions killing each other, 
  trillions what ? 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing that we do n't have enough dollars or missiles for everyone , they are probably talking more in terms of habitable land mass , sustainable food and energy . 
  i know someone who did , op !, 
  we were going to grad night ( high school ) at disney land ( cali ) . 
  if anyone is unfamiliar :, 
  they shut the whole park down for everyone except that year 's graduating class and 3-4 teachers per school to help chaperone the park , then they leave the park open until like 3 am . 
  it 's awesome . 
  anyways pretty much everyone who is going has some elaborate scheme on how they are going to get shitfaced or high while in the park , and disney knows this so they have some pretty intense security to get in ( think airport + searching bags etc ) . 
  well , this girl who was in my class and went to grad night got 3-4 pills of ecstasy for her and her friends , but was so worried about being caught and getting arrested/kicked out , she hid it somewhere she knew they would n't search . 
  you 're just sick of incompetent doofuses coming up to you and stammering nonsense . 
  * i 'm on to you !!, 
  `` hey , i noticed you 're wearing a giant sign that says ` do not approach me ' for your costume !, 
  wow , that 's ... 
  . . yeah . .
