  hooray i 'm not alone !, 
  whats the server info ? 
  yeah they just really messed up on this whole shipping thing . 
  they should have had clear timetables or at least * some * way to easily look online for a resource that showed you when your stuff was getting processed . 
  i watched people who won * after * me receive their xbox more than a week ago which had me worried . 
  not to mention my buddy who won just a few days before me got his before christmas . 
  but it looks like i 'll finally be getting mine soon hopefully . 
  wow til , this might clear up some missed conceptions i had about life . 
  i 'll be blown away if it 's day 1 edition . 
   that 's how fights should be . 
  no fights should n't happen at all , you should always remove yourself from the situation if possible . 
  but if a dude is coming at me with a baseball bat i 'll gouge his fucking eyes out . 
  that was some planet of the apes shit, 
  i feel ya man . 
  second only to depleted uranium for tooth health !, 
  unexciting lifestyle, 
  what would you do if no one saw this comment but the person you replied to, 
  walmart 100 % gets too much hate on reddit from people that do n't know what they 're talking about ; bandwagon mentality . 
  his question still applies . 
  seems fine to me . 
  the costs of living are built around minimum wage , not the other way around . 
  i 'm sure even though the minimum wage numbers may look far different in the us and aus the the actual standard of living probably is n't too different . 
  also minimum wage varies by state and county in the us , that is just the federal minimum that nowhere can go lower than . 
  in my city the minimum is $ 10.50 / hr . 
  what 's that, 
  sup whose this ? 
  i do n't understand how to read this chart , even though its colored like it 's made for four year olds . 
  fuck i was too late, 
  really what you are usually seeing in the movies with the father whose struggling to make ends meet and send his kid to school etc etc , is that when the economy crashed it became really hard to find a 40 hour work week . 
  many lay offs occurred and so people that were living at their means when they had a $ 20/hr job were then forced to find a $ 8/hr job and still try to pay their rent/car/bills etc , which would often lead to them needing multiple salaries . 
  it also became much more common to see people working multiple part-time jobs instead of one full time job since that 's the majority of what was hiring during the depression . 
  ** edit : ** incidentally there 's now a front page post about switzerland instituting the world 's highest minimum wage , and here is the top comment which reinforces the fact that minimum wage ca n't really be compared between countries due to affected living expenses . 
  i do n't think the doorman was sitting there wishing some punk would come up with a baseball bat and give him a chance to healthily vent his emotions and work it out with the guy . 
  if you assault a stranger with a baseball bat you should n't complain if they beat the shit out of you , regardless of what conceptions you had about a `` fair fight '' . 
  how did you find this thread ? 
  also this is thorough as fuck , i bet it feels a little better to get it all off your chest . 
  enjoy the gold, 
  nope not me !, 
  not often you see a post with negative karma get it though , you earned it . 
  logic, 
  how come people say you 're on a train but in a car, 
  you should have been there when red was trying to walk along a cliff without jumping off . 
   what kind of a life do you think $ 966 a month gets you ? 
  around here that would n't even pay for a month 's rent for a room in a shared house, 
  lol where the fuck do you live ? 
  i live in the second most expensive city in the country for housing , and i have multitudes of options of bedrooms in shared houses for $ 966 or less a month . 
  i 've lived in areas in the us that got about the same amount of snow , if not worse . 
  the only thing that truly is worse are those road conditions , severe flooding is never fun . 
  usually in the us anywhere relatively populated that snows has road/drainage systems to handle runoff . 
   the usa still only has text warnings as well , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  you 're correct . 
  i quit a few years back but iirc it 's along the lines of , `` surgeon general 's warning : this product contains chemicals known to cause cancer . '', 
  in bold text . 
  to be fair the same thing is posted on the sides of our mcdonalds and jack in the box restaurants . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  do you know if changing to these aggressive warnings has worked as intended and reduced nationwide smoking ? 
  i feel like in the us if we had packs like that it would have a bit of an impact , not because people would be afraid of the consequences but because it would no longer seem ` cool ' , there 's nothing cool about carrying around a box that has rotting teeth or a dying kid on it . 
  also did you mean * was n't ? 
   short of places like san francisco . 
  represent !, 
  but our minimum wage is $ 10.50 / hr so that definitely helps . 
  that 's the point, 
  that sounds awesome , but did they still serve the ham/cheese sandwich ? 
  what was the difference ? 
  yeah that 's my point, 
  dude what if . . 
  you 're right we should just be telling victims of sexual harassment to grow some balls and stand up for themselves !, 
  why has no one thought of this before ? 
   smart people, 
   so much yay . 
  * hangs self *, 
  ca n't believe the downvotes , i legitimately did n't understand what he was saying until i read your comment . 
  lol mummies, 
  dad ? 
  amazon is good , but unfortunately suffers from the same issue that every other human tech support team does : your results vary based on who you talk to . 
  and it 's not their fault as a company , it 's just a human error . 
  and i 'm glad i get the opportunity to talk to real people instead of just an online impersonal questionnaire that does n't help me , but it 's frustrating when you need to ask 4 or 5 techs the same thing before you find one with experience with your issue that can help . 
  seeing as you 've been on reddit for just a little over 13 months , i hope it was n't our fault . 
  dangerous moderation . 
  ray 's shotgun kills are so satisfying to watch . 
  i 'm definitely using that gun when i get the game . 
  he did n't say this . 
   i 'm glad seth has taken his popularity and utilized it for shining a light on this terrible disease and open up a charity centered around it . 
  it seems recently there 's been a tiny surge of celebrities starting to do a lot more good with their fame . 
  ellen page just gave an amazing speech at a conference and used the opportunity to personally come out as well to the world , which is an extremely brave thing to do . 
  a good amount of the celebrity ama 's on reddit have recently been using prizeo or other organizations to crowdsource donations for charities which never used to happen before just 4-5 months ago . 
  hopefully more will catch on because i think they 're doing some real good . 
  he gets aids, 
  i 'm a doctor . 
  ooh i love this game !, 
  intermediary . 
  better alive though . 
  can i have it ? 
   but the confederate states all listed slavery as their number one concern in their statements of secession, 
  where, 
  pretty sure that 's every war , history is always written by the winners . 
  nice one !, 
  interdisciplinary !, 
   ie `` japan attacked china during the second world war because it was fascist and mean '', 
  yup , i 'm amazed at how many people , on this site included , write off major events in history and acts of war as a black and white , `` well hitler only did x because he was evil '' , or `` the only reason the us invaded y was due to z '' .
