  . . this is fascinating . 
  shutup, 
  ha ben you have 0 kills . 
  you mean you will logout and cry for 4 more people to come save your ass ? 
  i believe it . 
  i 've just finished watching 5 broken cameras and how to survive a plague over the past few days . 
  initial reactions/warnings to viewers :, 
  both :, 
  - excellent stories told in both , which should be obvious due to their oscar nomination . 
  - sad . 
  sad sad sad . 
  5 broken cameras was really good , but also really slow . 
  it felt like it was taking forever for one thing to happen and the entirety of the documentary follows them trying to solve just one issue . 
  that being said i thought it was worth the watch . 
  ( specifically he got some incredible shots of tear gas mortars raining down on protestors ), 
  how to survive a plague is my favorite of the two . 
  faster paced and much , louder ? , definitely easier to stay interested in . 
  however it is also ** long ** . 
  like , literally a real long film . 
  it was definitely sad but at the end i am filled with hope and have such admiration for everyone in the film . 
  had the coordinates to the end portal marked on his screen . 
  he censored it in the first pic so figured he must not have realized they were shown in the 3rd . 
  i 'm shaking in my leather boots . 
  hm , why take away the fun of finding it on your own for people ? 
   noma can also affect the genitals , spreading to the genital skin, 
  i guarantee you going from a net worth of $ 0 to $ 50,000 is unfathomably more difficult than getting from $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 . 
  money makes money . 
  seems inefficient . 
  kind of like enslaving hamsters . 
  except none of those civilizations would be as far or `` to scale '' as you suggest . 
  you ca n't expect pre-tech humans to have traveled hundreds of thousands of miles to settle around the globe . 
  we would likely all inhabit the same ~ 10 % of land mass at the 19th century . 
  just think of how many `` steps '' it would take to reach a number , from any starting number . 
  the higher the number you start with the easier your goal will be to achieve . 
  since you used the term doubling , look at it this way :, 
  - if i had $ 50,000 went to a casino in vegas and put all of it on the table on black and won , i would then have doubled my money in ~ 45 seconds . 
  - if i had $ 0 , i would not be able to place any bets at all . 
  metaphorically i would not have the same options available to me , i 'm not even in the same playing field as those who have $ 50,000 to start . 
  imagine sitting down for a game of monopoly with 3 friends . 
  except half of you begin with $ 5,000 and half begin with nothing . 
  the people who have capital to start with have the ability to immediately gobble up all of the property on the board that they land on , while those who began with no money have to rely on `` chance '' and `` community chest '' to get enough money to even begin playing the game . 
  quite applicable now that i think about the terms used in monopoly actually . 
  edit : also , i 'm not the one who downvoted you . 
  i always recommend the social animal by david brooks ( columnist for the new york times ), 
  he summarizes it best so i 'll just put some of what he wrote on the back :, 
   this is the happiest story you 'll ever read . 
  it 's about two people who lead wonderfully fulfilling lives . 
  most success stories are told at the surface level of life . 
  they describe getting good grades , learning certain skills , getting the right jobs , and learning the right techniques to get ahead . 
  this story is told one level down , at the level of emotions , intuitions , biases , and deep inner longings , where character is formed and seeds of accomplishment grow . 
  who else thought that vinyl made a gigantic comeback in 2011 ? 
  has this ever happened before ? 
  right , but the sun was created on what , the 4th day ? 
  so how did you measure days before then ? 
  what in society do you think is specifically leading to a possible increase in attempted suicide ? 
  yes !!, 
  yep , it 's the worst feeling in the world when it first happens too . 
  i find the best thing to do is sit outside ( climate/weather permitting ) to get some fresh air , do n't close your eyes but just focus on one nonmoving object within 20 feet of you and think hard about said object . 
  90 % of the time it works every time . 
  for those looking for a happier video about a dog and a deer :, 
  exactly how i felt when i found it . 
  ask her , from a fellow person over 6 ' 6 '' , where the fuck does she buy sweaters that long and thin ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  pretty sure the2010og has literally , 4 times the amount of kills that i do , yet he 's not on your list . 
  i think i get a lot of notoriety because i will jokingly try to lure people into my base in global chat for comedic value , when really i 'm just a bad pvper . 
  jaycow listen to exactly what goon is saying , except where he says `` me '' or `` i '' replace it with `` flope '' . 
  i like this guy . 
  whose dick do i have to suck to be able to make a thread saying `` hey guys i might play on the same server as you '' and have all of these nerds fawning over me . 
  shit how did our internal ranking system leak ? 
  not allowed to best of comments from default subreddits anymore . 
  i believe he is speaking about saddam hussein , who is believed to have fairly won in a fair election for office as the leader of iraq . 
  we killed him because we felt that the people did n't want him there ( also mostly oil ) . 
  he is right that many of our actions in the middle-east are widely regarded as complete fuckups , but he is not giving enough attention to the idea of a world without the us . 
  whether he likes it or not , if his country is not the us he is either with us or against us . 
  if he is with us he is fortunate , and he may just not realize it . 
  the us has been extensively ridiculed as being the `` world police '' but it really is a full time job , i 've given extensive presentations about this kind of thing and could go on , but we 're about 7 comments down in a downvote thread so i 'll leave it at that . 
  i thought we were going to have a discussion , but i see you 've downvoted my post when i have upvoted yours , and from experience i know i wo n't get much further with an angry nationalist than i would a brick wall . 
  so , you win . 
  what did you search for ? 
  i just googled : saddam hussein election, 
  the first three are bbc , wikipedia and cbs all announcing his election . 
  it is n't real guys , move along . 
  i do n't get it , were people expecting him to be some blubbering idiot that won over a nation of people ? 
  this is an excellent strategy , twice the karma !, 
  damn , had you been an hour sooner . 
  all my this v, 
  there 's no turning back now !, 
  it takes more muscles to frown than to smile . 
  does that mean that toasters do n't toast toast ;, 
  post a pic here of a porn actress of the same weight as the woman in this ad please , i 'm interested . 
  this is so dumb . 
  iq does n't mean shit if they measure it any way similar to how we do in america . 
  i shattered my middle school 's record for highest score on the test , was told i have a genius iq etc etc and i 'm a fucking idiot . 
  if they were smart they would spend less time getting dna from people who did well on a test and spend more time searching for some kind of link between genetics and favorable traits like perseverance , hard work , socialness etc and bank those instead . 
  how did you have bluestarmako 's head ? 
  my hands are actually pretty fucking cold right now . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  are you serious ? 
  have you ever really looked at a 5 ? 
  it 's a nightmare , its almost a vertical mirror image between the top and bottom half . . except . . just a little . . ^ little bit off . .
