   another term , the `` make my day law '' , arose in the usa at the time of the 1985 colorado statute that shielded people from any criminal/civil suits for using force -- including deadly force -- against an invader of the home . 
  that 's not true . 
  they still exist btw, 
  i bet you ca n't direct me to one . 
  shit dude i probably encounter at least 7 unfamiliar boxes every day . 
  looks like a toe to me . 
  or maybe megan fox 's finger . 
  lol, 
  wow , big fan of your gaming forums !, 
   donald glover ( childish gambino ) 's character in the show ( troy ), 
  i 'm too high for this shit . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  god damn that fight was so much better than pacquiao vs mayweather . 
  and based on that a typical `` dose '' for the casual user would be 1 tab per person , for anyone curious . 
  10/10 with rice, 
  there 's obviously a lot of strong feelings on this issue which pour into discussions on reddit . 
  i 've seen a few of your posts in this thread and think you 're being reasonable and bringing up valid points which do n't diminish the importance of gay marriage ; but be aware that others may see any discussion outside of `` finally gay marriage '' is explicitly * anti * gay marriage . 
   only argument i can see is to appease those who falsely believe marriage is inherently religious . 
  i always thought it was , do you have a source that states otherwise ? 
  evidence of what ? 
  i always thought marriage had a religious origination and had only recently been co-opted by governments and now used as a battleground for equality by marginalized groups of people . 
  i thought you were saying you had evidence against this , but i must have misunderstood . 
  fuck you blues , red army !, 
  it would make sense , they 're pretty close and share a body of water between them . 
  it 's okay buddy , we 'll get her next time . 
  woah !, 
  how can you do this ? 
  i hope this is n't insensitive , but how did you know for sure that you had a problem ? 
  was it glaringly obvious or was it just subtle hints over time that led you to stop ? 
  also congrats on quitting !, 
  / r/retiredgif, 
  would that work for you fucking a man ? 
  damn what year is it ? 
  thanks so much for the reply !, 
  i was just curious since , out of my group of friends/acquaintances , i definitely drink the most/most often . 
  still quite young ( college aged ) and do n't think it 's much of an issue for me personally at the moment , but my father had issues with it so i 'm always on the lookout . 
  thanks again for the open/honest response !, 
  thank you , robot . 
  now leave us please . 
  press enter twice, 
  to write on separate lines . 
  thanks for the answers !, 
   here 's the thing . 
  i feel a great disturbance in the force , as though thousands of jackdaws were suddenly silenced . 
  damn some of those maps look sick , makes me wish i had the expansions . 
  also having never gotten a single sraw kill in my life , this shit seems like magic . 
  the dude has literally been talking for 7 hours now . 
  it does n't matter that the seats are empty , that 's the point . 
  lol this dude is getting tired , he just pronounced encryption as `` in-krypt-eon '', 
  i enjoy this humor, 
  i second this ; good idea !, 
  i do n't got no time to play around what is this ? 
  garage looks like precision collisions . . 
   natch . 
  kill me . 
  you ca n't even see his face . . does reddit think just being in shape is enough to hook 10s ? 
  ( _ =-) . = = =o - ~ ~ a ~ y ~ y ~ ~ - lmao -, 
  but i do n't want to change , i just want to keep living my life the exact same way i always have and have everything work out fine . 
  keep us posted . 
  thanks for this , i almost went out and had a kid . 
  where exactly in europe was this ? 
  clever idea, 
   i 'll go with calling her ` old enough ' . 
  lol i 'd expect a post like this to be downvoted ; pleasantly surprised because i thought it was hilarious . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i 'm relatively new to the area , what could i punch in my phone 's gps that will take me to that general area ? 
  i 'll check it out, 
  that 's awesome , what time are you guys open until ? 
  edit : oh my god your first comment in 2 years ; i 'm honored . 
  sorry i have nothing to contribute ; i just like naming all the - stans . 
  thanks so much for the help !, 
  since i 'm closing the restaraunt i usually do n't get off work until 10 - 10:30 pm so i 'm not sure this would work perfectly . 
  i 'll take a look at the drive-in later tonight , do you know what it 's by that could help me find it ? 
  how about this : this bull is now semi famous on the internet . 
  he is by far the most popular bull among all his little bull friends and looks handsome as hell in his big photo shoot . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's a picture of 9/11 , the infamous jew attack . 
  * shudder *, 
  i hate that i know that . 
  i 'm 12 and what is this, 
  why would someone who ca n't read have texting ? 
  it 's all coming back to me now . 
  me too thanks, 
  he 's was movie him that self starred . 
  i agree with the other commenters ; at first when i went to the page i thought , `` no way am i reading all this '' , but it 's actually quite well written . 
   ( druid sea form quest was a nightmare ), 
  all of the druid form quests were super hard , but it made it that much cooler when you beat them . 
  i could go up to some other ugly seal and be like , `` yeah this guy had to do the same bullshit quest as me . '', 
  judging by the fact that they were dying to level 30 - 40 creatures i 'd say it 's likely he was n't high enough level , which imo makes it cooler since they 're both * somewhat * new . 
   especially if you did it before/without questhelper / ~ ~ wowhead ~ ~ thottbot, 
  `` hey guys ! '', 
  `` shhh '', 
  a thousand times this !, 
  are we talking about coke or coke ^ ^ tm ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  on a side note : if you want to return to the next line of a comment you need to, 
  skip two lines while writing like this . 
  optionally you could leave 2 spaces at the end of a line, 
  and only press enter/return once like this . 
  thanks , happy to help out !,
