  that 's actually . . really impressive looking . 
  i 've only ever been taken up on my offer to help a new player once , and he killed me with a wooden sword . 
  wow what a fantastic before/after !, 
  he looks so much happier and healthier now !, 
  something something scott, 
  ^ ^ ^ give ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ karma, 
  ha , let 's just say you 're both lucky to not have met me yet !, 
  i 'm the worst !, 
   i 'm paranoid, 
  ** run away op !!, 
  please explain , i thought it was a monopoly joke but now i think it 's not a monopoly joke . 
  edit : okay it 's a play on bohemian rhapsody by queen , thanks !, 
  that 's not always the case . 
  i 'm 18 and in san francisco , my family is across the country on the east coast and as poor as me and i 'm getting kicked out of my apartment in 6 days . 
  ca n't really just `` fuck around and have fun '' at this point i 'm afraid . 
  do n't listen to that stupid longhorse . 
  dumb geraffes . 
  ymmv, 
  no , we 'll call * you * . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : i swear this subreddit is the worst about following downvote reddiquette . 
  every post i make in every thread here is always negative . 
  what judgmental nerds . 
  something something gold if i had the money . 
  / tips le fedora, 
  can confirm . 
  source : poor man with recent iphone 4 acquisition . 
  no if the general consensus is that it * is * related to gender you would be required to provide evidence to the contrary . 
  like how the church did n't have to consistently provide evidence that the earth was flat back in the middle ages , someone needed to provide evidence to support it was a sphere . 
  general consensus in whatever environment you are trying to prove the opposite , in this case reddit , if the upvote ratio is to be any indicator of popular opinion . 
  such good memories , 
  the college student looking for a first job field . 
  i have extensive experience in game design/programming/etc which is why i originally moved to sf , but i 've applied to be a janitor , chef , house cleaner , dog trainer and everything in between haha, 
  i must have rewatched that part 10 times . 
  with that kind of talent why is this guy not robbing banks ? 
  i assure you that is n't the case . 
   oldfag detected . 
  pretty sure most of what was said is general knowledge . 
   / r/abbits, 
  wasted opportunity . 
  i 'd love if you could resend it , i have n't received a message from someone with your name in the last 32 days , though i have n't checked further back . 
  edit :, 
   my future self 'n' me '' , season 6 episode 16 . 
  thanks , / u/stferago !, 
  i 'm sorry i could n't tell you the name , but it is the episode where stan 's future self arrives and lives with the family . 
  perhaps something along the lines of , `` future me '' or something else ? 
  not to be confused with the goobacks where aliens from the future come back looking for work . 
  the episode you are looking for is more recent than season 6 i believe . 
  hope this helps !, 
  suddenly grandmother . 
   r/niggers, 
  u/linkfixerbot where are you !, 
  if the idea i was trying to get was like a complicated jungle with twisty and confusing hills , mountains and rivers ; an analogy would kind of be like a simple map from a bird 's eye view to make me understand it better . 
  right ? 
  no it 's an analogy !, 
  or is it a metaphor ? 
  damn , if i was lagging as badly as you were i would not be such a good sport about it . 
  nice video . 
  itt absolutely everybody things `` platonic '' means the opposite of what it really does . 
  can confirm , friendships have been severed over heated mario party decisions . 
  do n't you ? 
  there is clearly a line on the horizon . 
  stop trying to make fetch happen . 
  how experienced are the other three team members ? 
  do any of you have examples of past experience ? 
  what level of compensation does [ paid ] mean ? 
  best ,, 
  bryan, 
  best i can do is unpaid . 
  excellent answers . 
  minimal experience with it , i do almost all of my work in unity3d , and rarely xna, 
  us , gmt - 5, 
  do you ever listen to the rooster teeth podcast ? 
  they seem to be quite big fans of your franchise . 
  jesus christ man so much respect for coming this far down into the comments to answer this !, 
  best of luck for your company moving forward !, 
  if you are ever hiring for any position , let me know . 
  she does n't look that bad . 
  do you play miniature golf ? 
  edit : sorry shortstack . 
  i like to imagine that you literally made this meme on your phone while standing next to her , she probably looked over and saw you do it and got really uncomfortable . 
  `` last week . '', 
  ** no chicks to bang **, 
  i remember when donations used to be about helping out a cause of free service . 
  then entities started offering `` rewards '' for donating and now it 's almost always expected . 
  similar to how `` gratuity '' used to be something extra that you could give to a waiter , driver etc. 
  if you thought they did a good job and could spare the cash . 
  now it 's mandatory and in some cases automatically added to a bill before you even get serviced . 
  it knew . 
  why would they ? 
  they would rather have people buy all new games for a new system . 
  for anyone interested : he does n't find the octopus for the first 40 minutes . 
  tell him to put up some other examples of stuff he 's done , or just talk about the passion he has for making games over at / r/gamedevclassifieds . 
  a bunch of talented folks over there looking to get involved in projects , also send along my compliments !, 
  it 's better than anything i could do . 
  if only this response was the norm . 
  edit : no i do n't play basketball, 
  i just played this game for 40 minutes and thought it was great except now i 'm going to have the most awkward nightmares . 
  edit : just finished it . 
  if you 're reading this , play it .
