  `` might be an easy raid . '', 
  i think most people answering these threads ( there 's been a lot of them by the way ) are n't actually knowledgeable . 
  as someone who has maxed voidwalker/sunsinger specializations i can tell you from a pvp perspective vw is the way to go just due to the instant-kill super . 
  nothing can make up for the fact that it has a guaranteed 1 + kills every time it 's off cooldown . 
  however , i often pvp as ss despite it not being as powerful because it 's more fun . 
  the radiance effect is fun in particular , i suggest only using it after you have died allowing you to come back to life and deliver some instant karma to your assailants . 
  according to destinydb these results seem to be pretty accurate . 
  unfortunately it 'll kick you for inactivity . 
  god forbid you be forced to meet people, 
  because it would be the most efficient way to gear up due to the skill-doesn ` t-count distribution system . 
  and for those who just want to pvp , it 's always more fun when the enemy has more team members than your own team , more heads to shoot . 
  solid answer . 
  i 'm a few engrams away from 11 as well . 
  also if you are level 26 + and want to raid tonight add urstuck on xbl . 
   maybe it 's just me , but watching the first vidoc bungie made made me think the game was going to be absolutely huge with exploration and tons of locations . 
  it was n't just you , and that was the point . 
  of course a company will always exaggerate how grand their game is before it 's release . 
  okay, 
   female exo titan, 
  literally the least common combination in the game . 
  dave sounds like a funny guy , solid take on ` be brave ' . 
  xbone , add urstuck, 
  stuck in the labyrinth as well, 
  now ? 
  you 're a hero . 
  you 're right that they seem to be attracted to `` noise '' , but i 'm fairly confident the video shows the fastest route possible since their locations reset each attempt . 
  we might put out a tiny video of the two chests but just wanted to get this out here asap for any fireteams lost in the abyss out there . 
   i have no clue what these people are thinking , nor do i think these people deserve better, 
  compassionate . 
  thanks !, 
   that 51 % pole, 
  * eye twitch *, 
  so close . 
  i took the survey , but i felt none of the answers to number 7 represented how i feel . 
  i wish you had made included a simple `` no '' answer , as i believe the loot system is flawed but not the cryptarch . 
  [ you should give credit to the people who discovered the templar trick . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yacjpjql8fg ), 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i hear the cp genre is rather niche these days . 
  no , you also need to be michael fucking caine, 
  personally i think it 's really sad how paranoid everyone is , it hurts to see the reaction to this thread . 
  the media really has warped people 's minds to believe every hitchhiker is a murderer or escaped convict , there 's a pedophile at every playground and any stranger who wants to hang out is literally trying to kill you . 
  just awful . 
  that being said i 'm on the east coast right now or a buddy and i might 've swung by , oh well a night alone in a hotel can be relaxing , as long as they have wifi . 
  well it is before 7:00 am in the morning in almost all of the us right now . 
  well there 's your problem , but congrats on keeping the scotts !, 
  destiny 's community has been the best i 've interacted with on a console , perhaps due to the lack of voice chat everyone seems really helpful and nice once you get together in a party . 
  it 's too bad the game itself is rather horseshit . 
  op is that you in the picture ? 
  i thought any use of unregistered firearms led to a guilty verdict with the death of a person ; must be by state . 
  you 're right , i was assuming that because it was snoop dogg it was an unregistered weapon . 
  ** i do n't wonna fuck ya man , errbody know he ma number one fan !, 
  girl in the back is checkin out that thor ass . 
  or `` hitler '' in germany ? 
  happen to have a link ? 
  i could n't find it on yt . 
  i do n't understand . 
  it looks to me like both the shirt and table have 4 distinct shades . 
  thanks , solid video but i think it would 've been better without the commentary . 
  i 've no doubt self driving will be commonplace within my lifetime ( and likely yours ) but i would n't expect to have a self driving car in the public market for at least 10 years , let alone at a price that more than the top 10 % could afford . 
  this is coming from someone whose followed google 's development of their auto somewhat closely , but i am no expert in the field . 
  do n't worry about it man , accidents happen and that kind of thing can be scary . 
  just hang in there and as others have said 99 % of this will have blown over within a couple weeks . 
  edit : i like your username though . 
  he 's not that polite . 
  i think it 's the grenade button . 
  edit : its for sure either l , r , lb or rb so just try all 4 . 
  this is why this sub is text-only . 
  yes it needs to be defended from minotaurs . 
  we had our shieldbearers doing most of the damage as soon as they got out of the portal , you can see that in action [ in this video of my clan beating the encounter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl2ugtfryae ) at around the 6 minute mark . 
  good luck !, 
  they could very well be a girl . 
  yeah i 've been wishing for this since the beta , i ca n't imagine why bungie would n't want to include it other than they are afraid more people will enjoy it than the regular modes . 
  this gametype would go hand in hand with a ranking system . 
  no , it does n't explain either of those . 
  if you [ learn what the strange coin vendor is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evasq2xdua4 ) you 'll know that he only sells 1 class specific item per week as well as a random exotic engram . 
  so the most someone could have gotten from him using this glitch is 1 exotic , since you ca n't wear two at once . 
  also gear/weapons are equalized in pvp so attack/defense does n't mean anything . 
  right , i guess they just do n't want to make what people want . 
  i should 've thought of that . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding something , but whatever . 
  lol `` crucible weapons '', 
   things like this have happened to me and other lgbtq and straight female gamers i know . 
  bro it 's part of the culture of a lot of online games , to think that you are only being trash talked because you 're bi is preposterous , everyone gets shit yelled at them and unless your gamertag is `` bi man 93 '' i really do n't think your sexuality has anything to do with it . 
  also the guarantees you want are ridiculous , see you starside guardian !, 
  actually it 's 5am est, 
  why do n't you kill atheism and find out ? 
  because [ snowflakes like this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/2h0uvd/im_glad_there_is_no_chat_in_the_game/ ) would become the vocal minority about how bad they think the community is . 
  and to be honest i think destiny 's great community is due almost entirely to the fact that you are n't talking to people you do n't want to . 
  every time i 've joined a fireteam everyone has been so nice and helpful . 
  yeah the loot distribution system blows but bungie obviously thinks it 's fantastic and believes we are a very small vocal minority so threads like this are kind of useless and annoying at this point . 
   american education at its finest . 
  [ right . . ] ( https://warosu.org/data/biz/img/0004/26/1406635906461.jpg ), 
  oh shit you 're the idiot who did n't get my obvious timezone joke , are there only 2 of us browsing new right now ? 
  i 'm going to sleep . 
  also if you are n't using a fusion rifle in pvp , you 're fucking up , it does n't matter what rarity it is . 
  was about to post this , i love cross coast gaming . 
  my buddies and i watched that coming down from our first acid trip , pretty solid movie considering how low our expectations were going in . 
  unfortunately that part of the video was staged , along with a lot of other parts . 
  but yeah getting shards can be pretty frustrating .
