  got ta respect that . 
  this is what i was replying to . 
  who gives a fuck, 
  people just need to get a grip i think . 
  i do n't believe if the feds busted down your door and detained you in a holding cell for years without telling you why you would be thanking the president for signing off on the budget to give democrats a better chance next election . 
  but i found this link in r/all so i do n't really belong commenting on politics . 
  op post pics pls, 
  til there are wow books . 
  which one is the shortest and/or best do you think ? 
  and even then there are some outliers, 
  what does ` retract ' mean ? 
  this fight is fixed . 
   humanoids that look like animals, 
  i think it 's the opposite of this actually , like anthropomorphic animals . 
  a lot of people misunderstood your comment i think . 
  wait . . 
  i always assumed dogecoins were a joke and had 0 value , where do they tie into actual currency ? 
  this looks great , i remember seeing it a while ago and admiring how clean it felt . 
  it gives a very polished vibe . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what did you use to write this game ? 
  have you never been on / b / ? 
   i thought we were better than this . 
  well this link has 11 downvotes so i guess i stepped on the toes of some of the rt first responders who went and brigaded the guy 's youtube haha . 
  i like it, 
  edit : also i like the name mr. t. roll, 
   hard as fuck to come by when yer white and middle class with other boring white middle class friends . 
  not at all , it must just be where you live . 
  being white in california i found them extremely easy to come by in san diego and now even easier since i 've moved to san francisco . 
   all i did was just feel really relaxed and good for like 40 minutes . 
  bummer, 
  out of curiosity , how much is a `` high dose '' ? 
  i was speaking more in terms of micrograms , but yeah that makes sense . 
  not really . 
  god that would be a dream . 
  i forgive him too, 
  to be fair most people probably figured they would just include `` europe '' since there are so many countries so packed together . 
  japan however is a large island right off of china . 
  i am surprised that no one drew hawaii though , good catch . 
  same with greenland . 
  nice dick bro, 
  hey did the film come out ? 
  what 's it called ? 
  they probably only talked about the important stuff, 
  just sent an e-mail . 
  edit : i 'm the genius who offered to join your team to make the game you already made . 
  where the fuck is waldo you fuck ? 
  also did you ever used to play wow ? 
  when was this spruced up and vocabularized ? 
  relevant 4chan thread ? 
  probably not safe for sleep, 
  okay okay okay so . . if eventually a cloud is formed due to so many droplets meeting together , and then when the cloud reaches max capacity it all rains and the cloud is gone , how come when it reaches max capacity it does n't just expel the last droplet ? 
  like if there are 4 billion water droplets in a cloud , and 1 more joins , how come all 4 billion decide `` alright well time to abide by gravity now '' ? 
  that 's actually what i originally thought haha, 
  it 's actually a real person and not photoshopped, 
  [ for those curious ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_schlitte ), 
  interesting good writeup , thanks !, 
  i do n't read german either but if you are on a modern internet browser there should be an option to translate the page near the top . 
  but then you have two mondays . 
  probably not going to happen unfortunately . 
  as if prism did n't have enough control without computer access to your brain . 
  do you try this often ? 
  ** get out while you still can !!, 
  what game is it ? 
   3,676,091,578 comment votes, 
   3,037,413,635 link votes, 
   6.7 billion total votes, 
  do n't patronize me , reddit . 
  what happened ? 
  as a californian , could you actually annex like 40 states ? 
  haha, 
  oh , i thought the last state that threatened to secede was texas just a few years ago . 
  when the south seceded it was more a group . 
  ** `` california names oregon it 's state state '' **, 
  i 'm not sure thats the case, 
  wow that is interesting !, 
  thanks for the link, 
  are you religious ? 
  yeah i just woke up and see 13 people downvoted me . 
  i did n't think what i asked was so charged haha , just genuine curiosity . 
  at least she responded nicely, 
  yeah it would probably just be subscription based , and they would have one hell of a marketing gimmick . 
  ** `` pain and afflictions are a thing of the past , now for just $ 199.99 / month you can focus on the things that really matter !, 
  in case you 're still curious it seems a few other people have posted the answer above you , it seems their saliva contains anti-coagulant properties that can stimulate bloodflow to grafts and transplants . 
  not only are we not actively preventing it but just think of all of the contractors , construction workers , maintenance men etc. 
  average joes who are being commissioned to build this thing . 
  i think the majority of earth 's population actually . 
  and her friend . 
  for me this was probably the best things to do i 've ever seen them make in gta v. i much prefer where they are competing or actively trying to win at something as opposed to just fucking around , because then it seems like they have more time to do this kind of `` forced humor '' or unaccidental accidents . 
  competitive gameplay seems to make that impossible . 
  great job to them, 
   i did n't even know this was a thing until about a week ago . 
  vaginas ? 
  i do n't think you used literally incorrectly correctly . 
  this is so super fantastic and interesting !, 
  great job !, 
  edit : i specifically liked the animated images showing how your spritesheet-like system works . 
  hey op i was able to pretty easily find this guy . 
  i know you did n't do it on purpose but you should always double check when editing out info in your pictures , one unusual name is all it takes and the people on / r/cringepics are the last ones you would want anywhere near your real life . 
  edit : also you missed [ a couple good ones ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stgnp1r.png ) . 
  edit2 : [ couldv ' e raised your karma at least 2 % op ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6vlnezz.png ),
