  why would you read his comment first ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ better ? 
  til, 
  insightful !, 
  hoppin ' on this train early ... 
  . . cos i deserve karma too . 
  til, 
  bummer your comment is negative karma , you 're absolutely correct . 
  i can totally imagine this playing out . 
  date : `` and so you see , dear , that is why you should never lock your keys inside of your car . '', 
  same_spot : `` right , but what do you mean lock ? 
  like with the keys ? 
  damn , how heated was she after you said that ? 
  damn had you been just 3 minutes earlier you would have only been the second least original guy on reddit . 
  nice try , jack . 
  this should have been a paranoid parrot . 
  i guess i would n't know how i would feel . 
  fuck i would not want to bring up some crazy emotional baggage during a shroom trip . 
  sounds terrifying . 
  how do you treat it ? 
  lol, 
  roller coasters make me nauseous : c, 
  just moved from san diego to san francisco . 
  100 % a norcal thing and everyone i 've talked to in both regions agrees . 
  little of this , little of that . 
  so it 's probably safe to assume he 's seen it ? 
  damn , this is just like that other ama , david grohl . 
  some kid typed out like a page explaining how david saved his life when he was depressed and friendless in highschool , and grohl just responded , `` too long !, 
  to go against the reddit grain of unfaltering louislove , this ama is shaping poorly imo . 
  probably not for awhile , due to the aforementioned fan-hitting shit . 
  i love sony vegas , but i 'm not a professional . 
  . . flawless . 
  yeah he 's really not going too indepth with this it seems . 
  people naturally feel empathy when they see other people go through situations or interactions where they intrinsically can imagine themselves going through the same thing . 
  this is the same reason some people cry during sad movies or scream during scary movies . 
  if you do n't have this response , you may be apathetic and/or a serial killer . 
  ^ ^ inb4escalatedquickly, 
  we mind . 
  yeah and sometimes adding a little tuna-covered pizza to your cold cereal hit 's the spot . 
  the best option . 
  a lot of comedians bring up death statistics in their acts , seems to be a popular fad lately . 
  louis ck 's live at the beacon theatre is partly him talking about how at least two people in the audience will die before next christmas and ruin the holidays for their family . 
  damn , looks like a few of your comments here have been downvoted by some srs brigade or some shit . 
  guess that 's what starting a calm levelheaded conversation about any hot-button topic on reddit will get you . 
  a neck beard is hair on the front of your neck , not the back . 
  hence , the `` beard '' . 
  i mean , your father was 100 % in the right here , but it 's still kind of sad . 
  you wo n't be able to . 
  she was probably speaking to someone else . 
  you clearly did n't read it . 
  what 's broken every time it 's spoken ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ** silence **, 
  i do n't get it, 
  i dont get it, 
  he came . 
  he saw . 
  i have no problem with this . 
  have you been on reddit , facebook , google , myspace or youtube ever ? 
  at least it 's not the entire continent . 
  hahaha, 
  ^ pst !, 
  ^ ^ mail ^ ^ it ^ ^ to ^ ^ me ^ ^ instead, 
  this man speaks the truth . 
  which sucks because the paper bags always rip . 
  ca n't speak for most people , but i 've lived in sf for about 8 months now and whenever i go shopping i just ask for paper bags from the checkout , its a 10 cent fee . 
  i do kind of miss plastic bags since the paper handles always rip , but i think most people who shop regularly around here bring their own shopping bags like the kind you can buy at trader joe 's . 
  it would accomplish the same thing, 
  which shot do you love the most ? 
  yeah i go to sf state and there already is one not too far from here , not sure if that 's the one you 're referring to . 
  no there 's just one there now . 
  right but these are exceptions , as evidenced in the url . 
  countries like the uk literally do n't have freedom of speech in their constitution ( or idk uk equivalent , magna carta ? 
  probably referring to the fact that up until 9/11 the word terrorist was very rarely used and almost never heard , and has since become a political buzzword to push unpopular policies through the door . 
  on a sidewalk in new york . 
  it 's all true . 
  i moved from boston to san diego about 4 years ago , and moved up from san diego to san francisco one year ago . 
  i still ca n't get into saying hella , because it 's something me and my friends stopped saying in like middle school . 
  easiest way to spot someone from the bay area down in san diego is when they say hella . 
  try, 
  but saddam hussein was elected . 
  is n't that democracy ? 
  this is 100 % bullshit op and you know it . 
  if you decided to just randomly `` try out a new pub '' you would n't have already had a tab there , and probably would n't pay or put down a deposit to get one to just try it out . 
  you talked to this random guy for the entire night and never worked into the conversation , `` so what brings you here ? '', 
  or `` so what do you do for a living ? '', 
  how is that not the first fucking question you ask ? 
  sure this shit happens in romantic comedies , but honestly who the fuck gives away a night 's worth of drinks to two people for sitting and talking to him for a couple minutes , especially when they did n't even ask what his job is ? 
  i 'll be seeing you in / r/karmacourt , op, 
  i know what a tab is . 
  most bars i 've been in do n't let you just walk in and start ordering drink after drink without asking for payment , you usually order a drink and they 'll say , `` that will be $ 6 '' and go and get it for you . 
  a tab usually requires either a history with someone working there so they know you wo n't run off without paying or some kind of deposit . 
  is this not the case where you 've been ? 
  hm , well i live next to a pretty large college campus so maybe the student body around here ca n't be trusted with such leniency . 
  i think you 're broken . 
  or trying to communicate with other illuminati members in this thread . 
  i see it in the code but do n't get how to activate it , by opening the console ? 
  how do i do that ? 
  butters is by far my favorite character . 
  my two favorite of him would be the one where he hides in a bomb shelter so cartman can go to casa bonita , and when his mother tries to kill him when she finds out her husband is gay . 
  this .
