  because this would be a terrible joke . 
  great suggestion !, 
  i 've actually watched the first 5 or so episodes and really like it , though i must admit it feels a bit slow for me . 
  very similar to mad men , well-made and high quality but so slow . 
  hey i 've been looking for a subreddit like this for a while , thanks !, 
   calm down there son , do n't want you to pop a blood vessel now . 
   sorta feels like he 's under pressure to do silly things, 
  he definitely is and it 's so cringey to see sometimes , though i must say in this let 's play as well as the most recent gta iv one ( wanted ) it seemed much much better which is cool . 
   i 've been to parties on dxm, 
  that sounds awful, 
  my xbox harddrive is broken so i cant play any games except halo 4 campaign which ive been trying to do on solo legendary , you should too since you havent beaten it yet . 
  also i lost my headphones so i cant listen to shit on my computer past like 11pm . 
  you should look through my game history on xbox to see how bored ive been haha . 
  need for speed , graw , halo 4 campaign, 
   holy fuck , this is the comment i [ 6 ] was making sure somebody made , glad i 'm not the only one hahahaha, 
   in the mission and people were saying they were going to turn it into a alamo drafthouse . 
  what !, 
  i live in sf and never knew this !, 
  * googling *, 
  til becoming a rapist is something one can just `` pick up '' depending on the environment . 
  you do n't think maybe those people were already psychologically predisposed to doing something like that , and perhaps with a war going on they just found it easier ? 
  i would n't group rape with `` crime in general '' . 
  i can positively say i would n't feel remorseful for going in a store and taking food/water/medicine without paying for it if there was a war or no other way to get it , but i still would n't consider raping someone . 
  maybe i 'm the outlier though . 
  input lag how many times are you going to forget nerd . 
  and i dont have any other games without a hdd like peggle/trials/etc, 
   i think that a decent percentage of potential rapists are dissuaded by laws and especially social exile . 
  if neither were a threat , its possible that the percentage of people who would consider rape would be dramatically different . 
  that makes complete sense , i guess i was just caught offguard because it seemed like op was insinuating that if there were 50 men left on the earth , her saying `` no '' would not be good enough dissuasion for any of them . 
  100 % of men are just rapists being held back by laws, 
  do n't rain on his american healthcare circlejerk !, 
  well it does look kind of silly to be honest . 
  male here . 
  where are you from ? 
  well i 'm just glad you seem to have found * some * way to put yourself above others . 
  tl ; dr : no body has any fucking clue because all of the statistics vary so widely , somewhere between 40 % - 80 % . 
  ~ ~ do n't you think it 's kind of weird to make a decision about your sons penis based on your own sexual attraction ? ~ ~, 
  edit : after being downvoted ten times consecutively i retract my question . 
  my curiosity is bad and i should feel bad , can i please have my karma back now ? 
  you seem pretty jaded over the whole ordeal , you clearly ca n't have remembered it if you were only a baby . 
  pretty charged sentence . 
  to each their own i suppose . 
  how can it be unheard of ? 
  does australia not watch porn ? 
  i think the us pushed it for weird religious reasons hundreds of years ago and then kind of stuck with it after learning how much cleaner it was to have it done . 
  uncut can lead to more than one interesting issue , not the least of which is a constant odor . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say you are uncircumcised . 
  well doing it for that reason alone probably is n't a great idea . 
  that 's so weird i would have thought it 'd be the opposite . 
  that site is obviously pretty slanted , wikipedia and the cdc both say that statistics are too varied to have a real idea , but somewhere between 40 % -70 % is likely . 
   then people got informed, 
  lol, 
   an uncut guy who is erect looks pretty much exactly like a guy who is cut . 
  so in porn , you probably would n't notice that there 's a foreskin . 
  hahaha speaking of having no idea what you 're talking about , it is immediately noticeable . 
  you are welcome to find any picture in the world and reply to this comment and i will tell you with 100 % accuracy if it is or is n't circumcised . 
  what else am i incorrect about ? 
  bacteria grows inside the foreskin , fact . 
  being uncut increases the risk of std 's including hiv , fact . 
  i understand that this thread has brought in the anti-circumcision circlejerk but since no one is reading down this far you will need to actually substantiate what you 're saying with data instead of just negating what i 'm saying . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  so i guess we should just not even practice medicine if we 're perfect as of 200,000 years ago . 
  god people are so sue-happy . 
  what will suing get you ? 
  what 's the dollar amount for a mistake being made and your son not having foreskin anymore ? 
  it 's just a way for people to take advantage of some minor misfortune to make a huge sum of money that they did n't work for . 
  as a software engineer , i have to say , if the vast majority of male babies are circumcised , it makes perfect sense for it to be the default option . 
  wow , shivers . 
  this could be a movie, 
   of course there 's a noticeable difference when flacid , but erect , really not, 
   find any picture in the world and reply to this comment and i will tell you with 100 % accuracy if it is or is n't circumcised . 
  it 's not even about looks really , though i do find it ridiculous to assert that there is n't a visual difference . 
  what it comes down to is a trade between slight reduced sexual pleasure vs * edit : slight * reduced risk of bacterial/virus contraction , with extenuating circumstances/debunking arguments applying to both options . 
  i suppose people just have different priorities . 
  believe it or not , some people even * swallow * the stuff or put it in their ... vagina !, 
  i think he understood what he said , i think he just realizes how fucking gross that is . 
  is this a joke ? 
  you do n't need it either . 
  i do n't think a woman who is comfortable saying , `` wow i 'm so glad you 're circumcised '' necessarily means she is also comfortable saying , `` oh bummer , you 're uncut '' . 
  you know , politeness and all . 
  i guess you ca n't really explain to someone why something is gross , it 's just preference . 
  if someone had gone through life thinking that trapping a pool of cum in the tip of their dicks was just business as usual , they probably would n't find it repulsive . 
  i 'd think most mothers would just be listening to doctors recommendations or doing what they perceive as `` normal '' ( if in the us ) . 
  however in the case of the person i was replying to , she explicitly stated that she would be going * against the grain * and cited her attraction to uncut dick . 
   it 's ejaculating out that should be considered gross . 
  o. 0 how do you figure ? 
  that 's literally what ejaculating means . 
  alternatives for what ? 
  sure , i suppose the charge for cleaning the afterbirth off of the newborn should also not be default due to the 0.01 % of children who are allergic to the cleaning solution and wo n't need to be billed for it . 
  i 'm glad your first reply was so childish , i wo n't hold my breath hoping for any intellectual discourse from you . 
  keep telling facts to fuck off and good luck in life , kiddo . 
  file a report ? 
  talk to a local news outlet ? 
  spread awareness to your area or globally via the internet of medical malpractice in general or just the dangers or why you think circumcision should n't be allowed . 
  you do n't just * deserve * money because someone else fucked up . 
  why not file for a legal investigation or talk to a local news agency ? 
  surely the bad press would do more damage than a punitive fine to an industry making hundreds of billions annually . 
  and you do n't think uncircumcised penises look a little bit like goofy anteaters ? 
  theoretically , would n't a 100 % heterosexual person only find the opposite gender attractive ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't understand .
