  yeah i just skimmed through that site , it seems to be that instead of a binary yes/no they were asked along a 5 point scale how appropriate force would be and the data was extrapolated from that . 
  but to be honest should n't the answer to all of those questions be an absolute 0 regardless ? 
  i 'm surprised at the amount of people who thought that there was gray area in between . 
   he already thought it was a stupid marketing gimmick that all the plebs would fall for before even playing, 
  is that not what it is ? 
  the whole game is a joke , is n't it supposed to be so bad that people buy it because it 's just stupid ? 
  what is this from ? 
  [ is the flag impaled through the eagle 's wing ? 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9r9mcpuiy1r3hqil.jpg ), 
  okay i do n't watch baseball but , why the fuck did the guy not just touch the base when he got up ? 
  did he think he was hot shit just standing next to it ? 
  so why are you saying it must suck to be sober ? 
  right but who cares ? 
  the intention here obviously is n't malicious , what if people flipped out every time friends said the word ` nigga ' to each other ? 
  there is seriously no reason to be upset over something that is n't being done to harm another person , regardless of it 's similarities to what may have happened in the past . 
  now i want to watch seinfeld . . 
   who cares ? 
  well , natives care . 
  they care about their heritage being turned into a costume , their culture becoming a cartoon . 
  pretty sure there is not a single race/ethnicity/sexuality / age group that has not been caricatured in one way or another . 
  i 'm half irish and see plenty of ` kiss me i 'm irish ' shirts and lucky charms cereal and plenty of other distorted ideas of irish history . 
   it 's bad enough that white men slaughtered millions of native americans , to the point that native americans were almost made extinct . 
  this kind of stuff feels like just more shitting on native culture . 
  this all seems so backwards , like why would people choose to dwell on the negative parts of their history instead of embracing the positive aspects of native american culture ? 
  just like we ` know ' life must exist elsewhere in the universe . 
  there 's no way to know until we find it ( no way to know if computers will rival the brain until we achieve it ) , but it 's pretty likely given what we already know . 
   you see the painful effects in your community of that history, 
  like white goofs wearing headdresses ? 
  i 'm not usually a party pooper but , it 's worth mentioning that the above two posts are completely false and will result in you/your kid suffocating to death . 
  so pia ? 
  i appreciate the work , man . 
  that 's the only one in the us that has all green ? 
  edit - or should i be looking for non usa ones, 
  sticking your hand up a girl 's skirt and tearing her panties off after she says no to sex is tame ? 
  wow . 
  oh wow , never thought if meet you . 
  you come off as much less evil than i imagined . 
  it kind of is, 
  you still programming today ? 
  what kind of stuff are you working on ? 
  - comp sci student, 
  shit you mean it 's too late to get those now ? 
  how can i get it now on ios ? 
  sounds like he had to create original content for it, 
  someone got a little too excited with the blur tool on the kids left knee . 
  ** detective fmenop on the case !, 
   because women ca n't have bitches for mothers . 
  wow , you 're english is fucking sick !, 
  [ we 've seen it used since we were kids !, 
  i had a blast taking calculus in high school , the teacher turned the whole thing into a game and we all got to do our own project that tied in something we learned throughout the year . 
  now i 'm in college and have failed two calculus classes , and need to take pre-calc . 
   most smartest, 
  hahahahaha, 
  did you write this preemptively ? 
  i do n't see anyone complaining . . 
  same thing, 
   i was expecting a drone strike . 
  same here, 
  would n't that mean both are extensions of the same entity , not the us being an extension of britain ? 
  so britain controls the us ? 
  what 's this from ? 
  edit : okay you guys , thanks . . 
  i wonder if my n64 is still in my grandma 's closet . . 
  what was wrong with that woman though ? 
  like , it did n't sound like she was saying any words . . 
  hey man i 'm half 50 % irish , 25 % english and 25 % american and i 'm sayin they 're pretty much the same place . 
  edit : fuck i should have removed these comments before europe woke up . 
  okay . . at first i thought you were trolling but , i 'm sorry to have to be the one to tell you that they are , in fact , the same place . 
  that 's not true man , you licked a manatee for pete 's sake !, 
  are you a swingset operator ? 
  ** what . 
  the . 
  there is no longer any context . 
  what was the context ? 
  i must know . 
  seriously !, 
  the nerve of some people , like excuse us for not providing the god damned * inquirer * right away , those kinds of organizations need time to get all the facts straight . 
  not clicking that , no list for me thank you very much !, 
  not really . 
  you ca n't just take a stat that represents the general populace and apply it to a specific industry or business . 
  the school i go to has ~ 30,000 students , but we do n't have 3 suicides each year . 
  wait why is this so good , just got to 7100 doing that lol, 
  i 'm so done with this life . 
  sorry i was using ^ his math . 
  lol so completely disregarding how fucked up that is , what kind of success rate do these people have that go up to parents with their children and try to buy them ? 
  i 'm sorry this is n't particularly relevant like the other comments , but i really like your username . 
  ca n't believe it was available up until a year ago . 
  * casually vomits *, 
  pretty sure this violates at least two of the rules , guess the mods do n't care, 
  be thankful it 's socially acceptable for you to wear makeup , when i ( male ) had acne i had to wear that shit out in the open every day . 
  lol is this in sf ? 
  you 're saying if i want to get fit there 's no difference between eating a mcdouble from mcdonalds or 2 bananas ? 
  jesus these comments are bad , that must suck when you 're looking for actual advice . 
  you said in a comment you are n't explicitly trying to gain weight so maybe the folks at / r/fitness would be more helpful , and hopefully more mature . 
  i understand the sub i 'm posting in , but you must surely realize that it is not socially acceptable for boys to wear makeup like it is for girls , especially at the age that acne most commonly occurs . 
  where did you find it ? 
  damn , well i 'll keep an eye on em, 
  why do n't you come over here to pakistan and say that shit , dawg ? 
  i 'll muff you up !, 
  okay,
