  damn i 'm not a professional quote maker or anything but that 's a pretty dope line . 
  guess you 're right , if only the axis powers had had jdepps113 leading them , i 'd be writing this on my swastika shaped keyboard . 
  that 's what he said, 
  or if not enough 8th grade students really care enough to research any specific part of history further than what is glossed over in the span of a few days . 
  that 's a tough situation since your wife 's condition means she wants to spend the least amount of time outside as possible in cold weather . 
  so people would see this lady park in the handicap spot and then watch as she literally * runs * into the store . 
  only partially true . 
  embryonic stem cells are yet to be found elsewhere or artificially created with 100 % accuracy . 
  there are also asc ( adult stem cells ) which can be found in places like bone marrow and more recently the transmutation of other cells into `` stem cells '' , but nothing beats the good old fashioned embryonic brand i 'm afraid , which is why the first executive order of obama 's presidency was lifting the ban of stem cell research . 
  it 's my job . 
  if you go back just a decade people would 've said china would be * the * super power right now . 
  but ( luckily ? ), 
  the technological innovations that took place in the west over the last 20 years have severely loosened china 's grip on the world consumer market . 
  you see china was never expected to overwhelm other nations with military might , like the us or russia would , people were worried china would use it 's massive manufacturing power to literally sell products to other nations that they could no longer afford to buy . 
  this is already the case if you look at the massive amount of debt the us owes to china , and how fucked everything would be ( including them ) if they were to suddenly call in that debt . 
  the way america was successful in wwii was by pure manufacturing and economic power . 
  we were producing millions of explosive shells every day , hundreds of planes and thousands of tanks . 
  while we sent most of our able-bodied men to the front lines we had a nation full of women who , many for the first time , went to work in munition plants and military factories to keep a continuous line of supplies headed to the front . 
  this is the way china would become a threat to be reckoned with , not by having the biggest military on the bloc ( lol ) , but by having a large enough presence that is also unfinishable . 
  a military that grows back stronger after each defeat , making it impossible for enemies to land a decisive blow . 
   everybody goes home happy with bribery . 
  yeah , i 'm so pleased with all the money private companies are dumping into the pockets of my elected officials , it totally benefits me !, 
  as another poster said we have economic and regional persuasion in the un , but really the most severe and world changing thing the us could do is simply secede from the united nations . 
  the un was formed as a way to prevent world conflicts by inviting every ( at the time ) super powerful nation to a single place where negotiations could be made , and vetoes could occur on new resolutions . 
  basically what i 'm saying is , the un only exists to * limit * the reach of superpowers , and if the us seceded you can bet your ass china , russia wo n't want to stay in just to have sanctions placed on them and ask permission to attack the us . 
  once these 3 nations leave the un becomes a total joke , as it can no longer prevent warfare instigated by deadly nations against each other or smaller countries . 
   because the us does n't really disregard internationally recognized borders and the respective sovereignty of said border, 
  exactly , we all remember when the us waited for the approval of governments in the middle east before launching freedom missiles inside of afghanistan , iraq , syria , libya and egypt . 
  such borders . 
  much respect . 
  so permission . 
   the us does n't invade countries that ~ ~ people ~ ~ americans like . 
   it used to be required that one must be well versed into a topic before speaking on it . 
  exactly , we all remember calling 711 on our phones to ring the well versed police ( wvp ) when we thought someone was wrong . 
  idiot . 
  who the fuck would fight on anyone 's behalf against the us ? 
  it does n't mean they did n't have friends , it means if your friend is burning in a pit of lava you are n't going to jump in and try to save him no matter how much you like him . 
  yes exactly . 
  totally thought those were just random sounds . . 
  well , back to my civ game . 
  it 's ringing still . . 
  edit : i got a voicemail message with an annoying robot lady, 
  how will they make their next series : the legend of gorgamesh ? 
  so i 've been going to 4chan on/off for about 6 years now . 
  what the fuck is 8chan ? 
  is this some kind of joke that 's just flying by me ? 
  bro where do you buy your jeans ? 
  wow this is great , expensive shipping though for the us, 
  so it 's a totally separate image board ? 
  why not come up with a more original name ? 
   reddit you could learn a thing or two, 
  this * is * reddit . . 
   do n't pull it out and there 's no blood , pull it out and there 's all the blood . 
  obviously not always true . 
  mcdonald 's fries are the real victim . 
  after 17 shots of tequila your body probably wanted it in your airway so it could stop breathing and end it all . 
  yeah like red . . yellow . . brown i think ? 
  to be fair he tried to go to the er earlier and was sent home , i 'd be pissed at the hospital . 
  definitely just viewed the top 30 posts on that sub . 
  unbelievable . 
  it still plays , it 's a law in japan due to the rampant issue of people taking pictures up girl 's skirts or in bathrooms . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible but the vast majority of people , like op here , probably do n't think it 's worth breaking the law over . 
  not to mention if anyone sees you taking a picture of something and does n't hear the sound go off you 'd look like a real creep . 
  what are these `` smaller cable providers '' you speak of ? 
  what message is that , pray tell ? 
  ah yes , bakken ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ? 
  that 's not true . 
  i do n't see why it would be any of her business if he had it , it 's not like it 's contagious or commonly deadly . 
   i think having a serious disease is something you bring up with your so, 
  at what point during a date do you shoehorn your medical history into the conversation ? 
  this was much more civil than what happens when the issue gets brought up on 4chan . 
  do you have something the rest of us do n't ? 
  right , and based on the wording i 'm pretty sure it 's the former . 
  oh gotcha , north dakota . . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ? 
  actress ? 
  that makes sense , i was n't aware it was that severe so i figured it might presumably never come up in conversation . 
  his girlfriend . 
  so by that reasoning , he told her he had another girlfriend when he really did n't ? 
  good luck !, 
  that 'd help raise awareness as well , unless you have some deep belief that this guy should under no circumstances get any money for all of this work he 's doing . 
  or stood on 2 feet , or drank gatorade . 
  it 's almost like that was the point of the videos . 
  no you 're right , everyone knows once companies reach a certain level of success they dissolve their pr department and layoff everyone who coordinated sponsorship and publicity deals . 
  i mean why would they ever want more people than what they have ? 
  if only riot had hired sillymemeuser as their head executive i bet they 'd have thought of this . 
  i mean she is in oklahoma , there 's probably only like , 5 mean people there ? 
  it would behoove both riot and ah for them to make a video of it , but personally i think ah did it upon their own volition . 
  smite however is for sure paid for . 
  you ca n't fool me, 
   they eat all organic matter, 
  i wish mine only ate organic matter , i always need to hide all the plastic in my room . 
   what determines when this happens vs what that lady got ? 
  you know i was having a kind of crummy day but this really cheered me up , thanks . 
  well , time to go cash out !, 
  the maximum level currently possible to reach in destiny is 30 , though only a very small percentage of the playerbase has reached it yet . 
  i know at least a couple of them are level 28 now which is more than enough to do the raid , given that in this video jack is only like 24 i think . 
  what if i ca n't afford no phone , nigga ? 
  pretty sure alcohol consumption actually lowers your body temperature . 
   as long as they die before they do n't breed . 
  first thing to make me laugh out loud on reddit in months .
