  well sorry maslow , but the one cave man who focused all of his energy on breathing and eating , and never fucked anything , fell off the gene pool with no affect on modern man . 
  i do n't care if you 're starving to death with your head caught in a dryer bag , if you can fuck , you should do it . 
  now , you may be thinking , `` forget millions of years of evolution , i am sentient !, 
  i have been given a brain with which i can find deeper meaning and serve a greater purpose , something even better than sex ! '', 
  to that i say fine , you want to take a stance that is that self important to you species and yourself ? 
  then lets do just that . 
  we 're gon na need a yard stick though . 
  because human endeavor is based on many factors such as glory , honor , bravery , and altruism . 
  i think our yard stick should simply be the number of other human lives you touch . 
  well even the greatest celebrity , poet , inventor , or politician has an influence that is limited to the collective human memory . 
  but , if you fuck just a handful of time in your life , you have the potential to not just affect , but literally create 268,435,456 over the next 800 years ( assuming an average of 2 children per person with an average childbearing age of 30 , which i think is generous ) . 
  so , the next time you think you 're better than sex , think again . 
  we 're all just here to fuck . 
  i got it from there as well , pretty sure that was the op . 
   california has it bad , though , and maybe san francisco as well, 
  so exactly how much time did you say you spent on the west coast ? 
  a man walks up to a hooker and says , `` how much ? '', 
  the hooker , surprised , replies `` if i was a woman id be rich lol '', 
  he 's at about 2,200 now . 
  i have a degree in math and still could n't invent bitcoin today . 
  fun fact : frisbee was a woman . 
  the original frisbee was invented on my school campus by throwing around empty pie containers . 
  a lady merchant named miss frisbee would sell pies ; students bought/ate the pies and threw the containers . 
  frisbee history . 
  * drops mic *, 
  no that 's george costanza . 
  told ya !, 
  i had to do a report on the history of it believe it or not . 
  this threads great , thank you !, 
  i like the part where users are saying car keys will scratch the device in your pocket , so you 'd have to `` put keys in one pocket and your phone in the other . '', 
  [ this whole string of comments is great . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/auw6b/the_ipad_sucks_there_i_said_it/c0jipnn ), 
  as someone with an iphone 4 i feel like i need to mention we 're only * technically * being allowed to get ios 9 . 
  even upgrading to 8 required completely wiping your phone of all data/photos due to there not being enough flash memory on the device for the os installation . 
  tonight on . . too late for the karma train . 
  guarantee it wo n't be deleted because sanders . 
   bernie wants to dismantle the privacy destroying tentacles of the nsa monster, 
  wow just like obama !, 
   it 's more important to you that a candidate allows you to watch porn in peace, 
  username, 
  are n't you forgetting blowjobs ? 
  someone must 've uploaded it to the forum or something, 
  pakistan has 0 active warheads , compared to the us 's ~ 2,000 . 
   people have argued that much of the latter 20th century was actually a ` hot war ' between the us and the soviet union in various places like vietnam , korea and afghanistan . 
  not sure if serious . . 
   it would pretty much come down to who has more fuel and weapons . 
  is n't that a lot like the current war-landscape with pax americana ? 
  we killed it , reddit !, 
  exhibit a, 
  it seems like their idea of medicine was n't far off from what steve jobs followed . 
  perhaps your browser cached it for you ? 
  i 'm getting a timeout error, 
  edit : it 's working after refreshing a few times , i think reddit is indeed hugging it, 
   you 've been lazy in your research . 
  as have you . 
  70 - 90 warheads maybe , 0 active . 
  it 's an important distinction . 
  the us has approx . 
  4,000 with only half that number active . 
  it 's only illegal if the work you 're doing is of direct benefit to the company . 
  unpaid internships are supposed to be 100 % for the benefit of the intern * only * . 
  that being said , in my experience most internships do n't work out that way and you 're probably better off just staying on good terms and having a solid reference when you 're finished . 
  did you suddenly get handsome at 26 or something ? 
  genuinely curious , those numbers are interesting . 
  as someone who stumbled in from / r/all and does n't watch soccer , this comment helped . . a bit . . 
  what 's offside mean ? 
  im from / r/all, 
  wait but in the second pic would n't pedro clearly be offsides as he 's behind the defenders ? 
  i bet that means , `` what 's the problem dude ? '', 
   rubber cement, 
  shit you mean i could 've been accidentally vasectomying myself every time i did my normal jerk off routine !, 
  thanks for this, 
  if your fetish involved you dying , i 'm sorry . 
  so because some people ca n't handle them responsible , no one should be allowed to have them obviously !, 
  since some people get high and do stupid shit , drugs should carry felony repercussions !, 
  because some fucktards would drive 140mph everyone now has to follow a speed limit . 
  society can only go as far as it 's stupidest individuals will allow . 
  saw this , decided to read it . 
  was not disappointed . 
   i hate haunted houses around halloween time . 
  what about the rest of the year ? 
  i do n't know what kind of weird high school you went to , but at mine the kids were fucking each other , not getting undressed and striking artistic poses . 
  bless you . 
  boom !, 
  match made . 
  have you seen ... ? 
  let 's go check up on them . 
  what 's that smell ? 
  what smell ? 
  nevermind . 
  * edits wikipedia page *, 
  old office hype, 
  this typo is hilarious . 
  lower your standards until you find a friend !, 
  this has got to be the dumbest movie i 've ever really enjoyed . 
  very funny scenes and i believe it 's on netflix for those who have n't seen it : the dictator, 
  ladies first and all . 
  i thought today was all about marriage equality ? 
  rip, 
  [ hi cgp grey ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bsif9wcigaagpbc.jpg ),
