  how come you are n't still part of england ? 
  53 year old checking in , how are you 14 year olds doing ? 
   so long as they also recognize the crown as the head of state . 
  hm , i 'm sorry i do n't completely follow . 
  australia and canada both have prime ministers that federally are in charge of the countries , correct ? 
  i guess i 'm curious , how does the crown being your head of state actually affect you ? 
  do they ever actually impose regulations or laws on all of the commonwealth ? 
  bonus question : if aus/ca one day decided `` fuck the common wealth we 're independent '' does the crown currently actually have enough power that they would be infuriated over this and declare war ? 
  fair enough , thanks for your help !, 
  i 'm curious as to how you got the mobile link for cultural mosaic , but the desktop link for melting pot . 
  did you switch devices mid post or something ? 
  well with the news that came out today about gta v being pushed back * again * i would n't hold my breath for a digital download at all . 
  let 's just wait for the disc first , but october never seemed so far away . 
  * sigh *, 
  damn 10 downvotes . 
  thanks for your support , pal . 
   reminds me of a story that showed up on / r/minecraft [ 1 ] earlier this week . 
  it was basically a rather brilliant computer programmer , who writes code for a living , creating a mechanism in minecraft whose ultimate last step would render the first step impossible to start . 
  i 'm interested , do you have a link ? 
  the birds and the bees . 
  i bet the fellows at / r/tall would n't think this is a horrible idea , they ask for it all the time . 
   unless you 're over 6 ' 4 '', 
  i think that 's the target audience of the subreddit , i honestly do n't know why anyone else would feel that the subreddit is made for them unless they meet that . 
  at least that 's my opinion . 
  edit : i mean 6 ' 3 '' is n't incredibly uncommon , and anything below that i 'd say is pretty average . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  any data the computer is looking at will be able to be reported to any human overseers if the predictive technology at all resembles the programming of today , the only hangup would be if the computer is comparing thousands of variables then who would have the time to sit down and recheck all of them for accuracy and to make sure the computer was right ? 
  and if we get to the point where we have experts looking over the computer 's shoulder all the time and deciding when it is and is n't right , what 's the point in having it in the first place ? 
  holy fuck where are you finding these ambulances that only run $ 400 ? 
   they 're $ 2000 in the us, 
  if you 're lucky maybe, 
  as a couple other redditors around us have said , i 've only seen them for around $ 3,000 - $ 8,000 . 
   the video is unlisted on youtube so how did op find the video, 
  another case of someone purposely setting up a fake cringe video for internet points . 
  it is fake , the video is unlisted so the op must have had access to the account or creator to get the link . 
   we n't, 
  we not ? 
  if you 're teaching in san francisco , add me to your class , please . 
  get some inspiration from / r/dadjokes, 
  was that really incredible acting ? 
  i could do that shit, 
  earth ? 
  not applicable . 
  ^ ( i love this thread ), 
  twins, 
  fat ? 
  i mean yeah if you need to go and get a fresh coat of white paint on your teeth every couple months i do n't think you could * really * claim that your teeth are white , at least not in the context that 360walk is talking about . 
  what he means is that teeth that are white just from frequent brushing/toothpaste/mouthwash have been partially stripped of their protective coating . 
  ^ ^ ^ lol, 
  it 's just part of it , not all of it . 
  yes , we deploy cat strikes against our foes , domestic and foreign . 
  on my phone but look up a documentary called weed by cnn i think on youtube . 
  it 's the story you 're talking about, 
  i think he is just covering incidentals . 
  we all go through our own entropy daily losing cells in every part of our body , most notably skin cells . 
  did you know that the dust in your house is composed mostly of sloughed off skin cells ? 
  i thought the government could n't buy patents ? 
   more pleasant and quick ways to fake an unintentional death, 
   whoops-i-fell-into-a-woodchipper, 
  pleasant . 
  walt said himself in an earlier season that he wished he was dead , and that he had missed the `` perfect moment to die '' . 
  i believe it was in the episode where walt / jesse get stranded in the rv out in the desert . 
  woah i must have missed this haha , i 'll need to rewatch s1 . 
  i knew i recognized him from somewhere . 
  probably not the same guy but definitely extremely similar mannerisms . 
  commenting here to reference this when it comes true . 
  first episode of the simpsons, 
  wtf ? 
  talking bad or breaking bad ? 
  that 's crazy !, 
  netflix in the us rarely has titles made in the last few years , i ca n't imagine something being on there that just aired a week or so ago . 
  where are these $ 20 - $ 50 cars ? 
  damn i 'm jealous . 
  i wonder since there 's a difference in uk and us netflix selections , do you need to register a `` uk account '' on the site to see those titles or just access netflix.com from the uk ? 
  i approve of this account . 
  so then what would be the correct equation for a punch ? 
   not yours . 
  you are the one that enjoys trying to correct people . 
  why do n't you come back with some triangles and divide by some square roots and shit . 
  fartlicker . 
  are you retarded ? 
  edit : i 'm not the op you fucking idiot . 
  i think so , i mean we force people with vision issues to wear glasses while driving . 
  legal limit where i 'm from is you need at least 20/40 vision in one eye . 
  apple products are still overpriced , including iphones unless you buy previous generations . 
  i mean , surely the game must have been developed by somebody , right ? 
  otherwise what are we even playing right now ? 
  / u/organic posts to srs frequently it seems . 
  define : dimensionize, 
  a for effort !, 
  i thought foxfire e-mail did n't have a mouse ? 
  see : the south park episode `` going native '' . 
  as a white guy who was born and partially grew up in hawaii , it 's surprisingly accurate about a good portion of people . 
  i always love when the places a group of people live is described as `` distribution '' . 
  makes me think their home country packs them up in tiny boxes and ships them to all parts of the globe to make sure their quota is maintained . 
  god i know right ? 
  it 's like every time a porno starts getting good i see the guy start waddling over to the sock drawer and i 'm like , `` oh here we go again '' . 
  well , actually , are you guys facebook friends ? 
  wait can i actually do this ? 
  i like this joke .
