  he 's more of a turd sandwich . 
  are people on reddit incapable of reading things in their own god damn voices ? 
  join us . 
  not that carl, 
  yoda called , he wants his ears back !, 
  that, 
  well i mean , i 've never heard of this `` movement '' until reading your post . 
  but if we have no leads on who the perpetrator is , do n't you think it 's a bit naive to automatically assume there was no federal involvement ? 
  it 's like if someone 's spouse get 's accused of something and you immediately jump in and say , `` what !? 
  no it could n't be them they are too nice ! '', 
  to be honest i do n't understand the people that blindly shout that it was n't the government before any evidence has been gathered to the contrary . 
  but to each his own . 
  well the suspects allegedly have automatic rifles , so it is likely they could be the ones discharging rounds . 
  `` yeah i mean , my ex used to send me sexy pics and stuff but , it 's no big deal you 're right you do n't need to take any . 
  some people are just less secure than others baby . 
  man it seems just over half the people who saw my comment did n't get my joke . 
  i 've discovered a comedic niche that is 40 % of reddit !, 
  damn , 10 months here and still have occasional cravings . 
  was hoping those would eventually go away but i guess not . 
  : / still worth it . 
  you have never been through airport security ? 
  if you came 2 weeks ago be aware that it may have been sunny and warm outside , and the majority of the year looks nothing like that , particularly on campus which is usually inside a cloud due to microclimates . 
   people like to say this , but then we line up and voluntarily submit ourselves to invasions of liberties for an illusion of safety all the time . 
   i 'm ok with submitting to security in airports for the sake of not dying a fiery plunging death . 
  this is exactly what he 's saying ? 
  and specifically you are forgoing your right to unreasonable search without suspicion or evidence and other privacy issues found in the 4th amendment . 
  ( assuming you are american ), 
  well . 
  i do n't believe they had full body imaging devices in the 80s , though i would hardly remember . 
  but , to give you the benfit of the doubt we 'll just assume that you have n't been to any major airport in the last few years . 
  if you do n't think having you , and everything you 're carrying in your bags analyzed via x-ray is considered violating your privacy , then i guess we are n't seeing eye to eye on this , so i ca n't possible convince you otherwise . 
  so hypothetically speaking , where would someone go to find something bigger ? 
  20 minutes before the video was uploaded . 
  i hope getting slatered is as [ appealing as i imagine . 
  ] ( http://www.zackattacks.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/slater-max-stool.jpg ), 
  is your house not heated ? 
  you betcha !, 
  i suppose you 've already tried playing without optifine ? 
  i was getting about 10-15 fps with optifine everything lowest possible settings , but when running without optifine i get about 50fps . 
   punishable by a fine and possibly up to 5 years in prison , or more, 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of `` up to '' . 
  i 've had the same experience as you with optifine , running on a dell laptop . 
  mind elaborating ? 
  i 've been resuscitated once before as well . 
  ^ zombie ^ high-five !, 
  nope . 
  tldr : clinton is looking amazing ( i 'll let you guess which ) and world 's most terrifying beast was photographed in 1933 . 
  obligatory `` scott '' . 
  fuck no one has commented yet and i ca n't think of anything witty to say !, 
  this was my big chance !, 
  i do n't understand how you can go undiagnosed until age 21 . 
  is it something that can develop later ? 
  i was under the impression you were born with the effects , what made you decide after 20 years you should probably be evaluated ? 
  genuine curiosity, 
  it 's probably different when she 's your girlfriend . 
  had she not been wearing any makeup when you first met her things may have turned out differently . 
  why, 
  probably only second degree unless you were female . 
  that should be illegal . 
  let 's focus on the eyes . 
  i would not do shots with someone who fucked my sister and then told everyone she works with she 's like a prostitute . 
  finally . 
  now i just need someone to chew the food for me . 
   i 'm very conventionally clever, 
  i love your choice of words , beautifully written post overall . 
  well with your numbers , * you * would n't . 
  i do n't know what kind of stats you 're hoping to gather from this , but you seem to have deeply offended many women in this thread by asking , to the point many are just posting to let you know they wo n't tell you . 
  i assume this kind of reaction is what got you interested in the question in the first place . 
  do you tell them tha -, 
  how is this world news and the boston bombings were n't ? 
  you know , when you put it that way . . 
  god is bugtesting . 
  best bot ever, 
  i came here 12 hours too late !, 
  perhaps one day when you are lying on your death bed you will be looking back and reading all of these comments at the very bottom for the first time to remember when people knew who you were . . 
  my friends say that you and i are very similar . 
  i know , `` whose this idiot online who thinks he knows anything about me ? '' . 
  still there 's something about the comedy you do that i have n't quite seen anywhere else . 
  must be some kind of hidden autism . 
  huh ? 
  r.i.p lol, 
  til there are only 1 to 2 `` gays per town '' . 
  either you or i have weird priorities . 
  why did n't they drive her car to the house ? 
   the crowd identified that man as the person who threw said object . 
  actually as soon as the cop got there someone yelled , `` what ? 
  no , that was not him ! '', 
  he was crazy . 
  source : i 'm not that guy, 
  / r/mensrights would hate you, 
  the game is much more fun out in the open rather than hiding in a ditch all day . 
  i 'm one of the people who built with aninnocentcat last map , [ here 's a small album of our shenanigans with some pictures of our house ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hardcoresmp/comments/18s60d/the_life_and_times_of_flope_a_small_chronological/ ) . 
  [ completely . 
  what do you mean it does n't open ? 
  nigger . 
  ^ ^ there ^ ^ you ^ ^ go, 
  too bad you do n't have the elusive flope head . 
  someone does , that 'd be a prized possession . 
  if i play next month i 'm going to try and get it back to put it on my wall . 
  or yes !,
