  this is so awesome . 
   not giving people the choice to get a play kitchen in any other color besides pink is kind of offensive, 
  thank you this makes sense . 
  so it seems to me the issue is more that all toys that are marketed towards girls are pink , not that toys generally marketed to both genders favor boys . 
  yeah i honestly do n't see injustice in producing the same toy in a different color , i mean each boy/girl can play with whichever version they want . 
  but i am not a girl nor do i have a daughter , so i could just be some misinformed douche . 
  it 's fucked up but there * are * people who do this sort of thing to get attention , so if anything you should be calling them assholes not the people who are skeptical . 
  i 'm 20 and know him as prof x. 
  so i think we 've found the cutoff . 
  i thought it was a boy . 
  how do you know it 's a girl ? 
  16 million now buddy !, 
   omg do n't walk off that cliff friend, 
  hahaha this is the funniest scenario i could possibly imagine . 
  you 're alright , toomblar . 
  i ran out of money freshman year of college and had to ration out what little food i had over the course of a week . 
  ran out with 2 days left and the only calories i had for an entire day was beer . 
  i was so hungry that i could n't just keep drinking water . 
  i threw up . 
  ** do n't be fooled , keep the sound low **, 
  yeah that makes sense , i thought it was a good example . 
  * true-american *, 
  because i was going to post a terrorist/bomb name to trick the nsa but pussied out because i do n't want to get flagged as a suspicious person . 
  replied to wrong person , but now that i see this comment , just what are you trying to say about flope ? 
  strictly anecdotal . 
  i knew a girl in high school who did n't talk to anyone for the first month of school , and when asked if she had a speech impediment would just stare at you blankly . 
  she was fine . 
  also had plenty of people pretend to be from different countries to make friends and fit in ; nope . 
  of course this spoils the bunch for genuine people like op . 
  go to settings -  system -  system info and check your os version , and match that with the os version of the latest update . 
  i do n't know it off hand but you can google it . 
  what makes you think it 's a girl ? 
  i think i just default to calling things by my own gender if it 's not clear which it is i guess . 
  do n't tell your son that , because my mom said that to me and that sucks . 
  i 've got the weight of two lives on my shoulders . 
  the downvotes on this are pretty ironic . 
  have you ever tried mixing it with alcohol ? 
  know any good recipes ? 
  i feel like mixing alcohol and that much sugar is asking for a hangover , but . . maybe just . . one drink . . 
  sell me on it , why should i spend $ 10/month when every song on it is on youtube for free ? 
  what 's junior college ? 
  * starcraft 1 zerg sound *, 
  ah , i believe our version in the us is called ` community college ' . 
  edit : unless you are in the us , your use of uni threw me off , but where i 'm from what you described is called community college . 
  anyone else find it weird that every new hire is a redditor , but the gender demographic does n't at all represent reddit ? 
  like is there some kind of affirmative action thing going on or are the women on this site just * way * more spectacular than the men on average ? 
  i know you 're trolling , but really their is some weird diversity with the fact that they are hiring a proportionate amount of women : men when men far outnumber women in computer science , marketing and business management ; as well as the fact that each new hire is a redditor and this does not at all add up to what the reddit demographics represent . 
  thank god we got those firefighters there to put out that water . 
  if the idea was yours it 's a great one , real funny, 
   assuming it 's longish , no issues with cleanliness . 
  not sure i understand this . 
  i have you tagged as manliest man , so i do n't think you need to worry about it, 
  oh yeah i 've heard of that school , it 's name actually has junior college in it so i can see how that makes sense haha . 
  i 'm down in sf :p, 
   despite not being a christian , i have a great respect for him . 
  ^ wow ^ ^ ^ how ^ ^ ^ brave, 
  sounds about right, 
   you ca n't prevent everything, 
  uh we are n't preventing everything we are preventing a fucking pope assassination, 
  he 's white, 
  seems like the pope has personally had a negative effect on your life . 
  some extremists will hate religion no matter what but from some light googling i 've gathered that francis is in favor of gay ` civil unions ' which previous popes were not ; so if anything be joyful that the overall trend of catholic leaders seems to be leaning further towards acceptance of different sexual orientations . 
  i 'm personally curious however since you seem to despise the catholic church so much why you are so worried about your sexual preferences being accepted by them ? 
  ohhh now i get it , 
  seriously this was such a nice change of pace , i 'm not even going to read the further replies to their comments in case it spoils the goodness . 
  edit : [ god dammit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1zur6k/malaysia_airlines_plane_loses_contact_malaysia/cfx7lhj ), 
  i understand the sentiment , but i do n't think this is real, 
   the one time they did have a beer sponsor they told us . 
  just for funsies , which episode was that ? 
  do you mean the tequila one or was there an actual beer sponsor ? 
   they would n't go around hyping a product without explicitly saying so . 
  they will promote products that sponsor them but they are n't going to be shills for corporations . 
  they car thing is a bit different and to me having the description is them telling the audience scion sponsored them . 
  what about the short with matt and joel at the movie theater where coca cola makes a clear appearance every 30 seconds ? 
  oh snap did n't even notice he was skinny , in fact the shirt he was wearing made him look kinda fat, 
  ouch, 
  i 'm the idiot . 
  what 's the joke ? 
  um , not really . 
  wow 41 + downvotes , what 's the delio, 
  ^ ( edit : i guess it makes sense anyways ), 
  this has got to be embarrassing for you . 
  anyways that makes sense , was just saying from a surface point of view it seemed a bit odd given the demographics of the site but obviously the applicant pool wo n't be the same . 
  i 'm going to school at sfsu , do you guys every do internships ? 
  okay i thought it was something like that . . now i can sleep . 
  yeah that bit was pretty bad, 
  is that an order ? 
  pretty sure you should still do cpr while waiting for the ambulance, 
  not all pigs that get made into bacon are treated poorly though, 
  bad place for an earthquake, 
  that would scare the fuck out of me . 
  the audio sync issue with chris made my mind turn inside out . 
  for some reason i think this might be my favorite picture on the internet . . maybe it 's just because i 'm listening to music while looking at it , so inspiring, 
  thanks , i 'll try that !, 
  this community is built on old and overused jokes, 
  i want to know who this kind soul is that 's giving everyone gold , they deserve some for themselves . 
  i think it would be kinda cool , like time travel . 
  plus i believe the lifespan will be much higher for most people in 10 years , hopefully cancer research has been nearly perfected and aids has a vaccine . 
  i 'd just be bummed about being 10 years behind financially, 
  am i being raped ?
