  tell this `` google '' that zthoughtcrime wants them to get their shit together . 
  343 developers . 
  how do the people working at 343 even have the morale to continue going to work each day ? 
  what an embarrassment of a product . 
  that shit looks straight out of dayz . 
  english is one of the most complex * spoken * languages , with over 5,000 + specific `` sounds '' that make up the language ( we do n't actually know how many exactly , too many to count ) . 
  compare that to say , japanese , where the entire language is made up of 110 unique sounds . 
  source : know english/japanese . 
  would n't the translation of the correct spanish grammar be `` why not * the * both '' ? 
  ! remindme 1 year, 
  see : the one dissenting comment . 
  marry me . 
   jesus , why has the internet not ruined these women yet ? 
  if anyone deserves to be put through the full 4chan ringer , it 's these bitches . 
  because they are n't fucking with animals , just a child . 
  yes but did he consent ? 
  university of hawaii , i believe . 
  dude what, 
  i enjoyed this comment . 
  ah yes , ` the two ' is what i meant to say . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  i 'm catching up to you !, 
  here i goooo ^ oooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooooo ^ oooo ^ oooo ^ ooo, 
  the irony is palpable . 
  really just views / minutes watched . 
   and it did n't even require propaganda . 
  lol, 
  if you have ad block then the video creator will not receive any ad revenue from you watching their videos , but they will gain views/minutes watched which will make their videos appear higher in youtube search results and be more often suggested as a similar video on the right . 
  friendly reminder : if you find one or two channels that you really enjoy and like the content creators , especially smaller ones , you can choose to disable adblock for their videos specifically and it really helps them out !, 
  are you joking ? 
   how 's my black people, 
  woah man , take it easy, 
  this seems like a wrong answer to an sat question . . 
  wait what, 
  was living in sf at the time , that was a bummer . 
  * nostalgia : engaged *, 
  this is actually a little suspicious . . 
  i 'd wager op has something to gain from the publicity of this story . 
  i do n't understand what the guy at the head of the table is holding and i think it 's integral to the overall picture . 
  i 'm going to / r/adviceanimals to try it out !, 
  edit : it works !, 
   current estimated firearms held by civilians in the united states is 270,000,0001 to 310,000,0002, 
  hmm, 
  your brother and sister ? 
  yeah , okay buddy . 
  *** what year is it !? 
  this is some poor recursive syntax . 
  this is exactly what he 's talking about hahaha, 
  i could actually see this growing more popular than some of their other channels . 
  their about page just says :, 
   game kids is a channel . 
   halo 4s campaign was amazing, 
  vehemently disagree , but to each their own . 
  yep , no other studio could possibly handle halo other than the industry veterans over at 343 . 
  type : in-game ( h2 / h2a ), 
  description : ghost no longer moves/flies around before ` dying ', 
  reproduce : destroy a ghost , watch as it just sits there before detonating . 
  reproduction rate : 100 %, 
  not for me . 
  i 've never had a better experience than the first 4 hours after launch , where me and my buddy managed to play 12 + perfect games in a row . 
  i ranked to level 7 in those 4 hours , and since then i 've been burdened with the same issues as everyone else . 
  exactly . 
  um what , is that real ? 
  if you pretty much google what the above pictures are showing , you 'll see a video recorded by her pop up on xvids, 
  i ca n't tell . 
  how big are the fucking soybeans in italy !, 
  but who cares the ranks will be reset at some unannounced point in the future which , no offense to anyone this does n't describe , but is probably a big fucking deal to 95 % of the people playing matchmaking . 
   last week we could n't even get into matchmaking . 
   now its issues like uneven teams and parties, 
  shit i forgot the entire world revolves around raintimeallover 's experience . 
  nevermind the hundreds of posts claiming the patch not only did n't fix anything , but in many cases * worsened * the issues . 
  just to be clear , you do n't have a `` right '' to vote in the elections of any school representatives unless explicitly stated in an agreement between you and the school . 
  you only have a right to vote in federal and state elections . 
  that being said , it 's still pretty fucked up . 
  except the `` this is awesome '' part . 
  that 's way fairer than what most people would do . 
  ** huh !? 
  seriously op where is the trigger warning ? 
  i do n't know how you people can sleep at night while supporting the matriarchy . 
  do you pronounce it san marcus or san marcose ? 
  i ask because i lived in a city in socal for a good many years by the same name , and everyone there pronounces it san marcose , but i listen to a podcast by some nerds who live in austin , tx and they pronounce it san marcus . 
  what is this from ? 
  that 's what he said, 
   that fateful day in east la, 
  too late fuckers i just copyrighted it so everyone else can fuck off, 
  indeed . 
  never heard of him , why am i supposed to hate him ? 
  over there , quick !, 
  well it 's not * our * profit . 
  dude i heard !, 
  right after i moved away haha, 
  i honestly could n't even look at the score while playing , i was just too zoned in to what was happening in the center of the screen and trying not to lose focus of the area around my ship . 
  about 3 minutes in is when i started thinking in the back of my head `` this run has been going on for a while , i bet i 'm in the world record range '' and then had to really try to not get distracted and muscle through the next 2 - 3 minutes . 
  thanks !, 
  could n't believe i had did it when the level finished and i saw my score . 
  ha that 's what i was thinking , but i just woke up and am still number one baby !, 
  thanks i could n't have done it without your love & support !, 
  tag !, 
  now * you 're * it !, 
  hahaha , wait how do i play ?
