here is the news broadcast :, 
  `` it ai n't right ! '', 
  been a fan/subscriber for a while now but have n't been playing much starcraft as of late . 
  if you ever feel like you need a true 1v1 challenge add corneliusflope@yahoo.com on realid . 
  i do n't mean to brag but i am near the top of gold league ( basically grandmasters ) . 
  keep having fun and doing what you do best !, 
  this one is a fairly long explanation but well worth the read i would say . 
  it was perpetrated over reddit yet still one of the best ones i 've seen . 
  alright so about a year and a half ago i had just discovered reddit for the first time , and still was n't really quite sure on how to use it . 
  for a few months i would logon occasionally every few days and just browse / r/funny and have a good chuckle at some of the pictures posted there . 
  so my friend who showed me reddit attends the same school as i do , and the school that we go to has hundreds of macbooks for all of the students to use in their classes , so we would basically just ride along through the day signing out of our computers at the end of each period , walking to our next class , opening new computers and browsing reddit for the entire period until we had to sign out again and repeat the process ; it made the days go by much faster . 
  however , one day my friend and i were sitting near the back of the class when he leans over to me and whispers something in my ear , quiet enough for the teacher not to hear but unfortunately too quiet for me to hear as well . 
  `` what ? 
  '' , i whispered back . 
  `` that kid a few rows in front of us is on reddit ! '', 
  he said . 
  now , just to clarify , this is still when i was new to reddit so i had no idea how many people visited the site daily , so i felt like i had just discovered tasty airline food . 
  about 30 minutes goes by and we notice the teacher walking back through the rows while the students were given time to work freely on whichever project they thought they needed to . 
  my friend and i can see the teacher slowly walking towards the row 3 in front of us and we shudder , the last time a teacher found out that a student was using the computers for something non-work related the website was instantly banned from the proxy our school operates on . 
  we were chilled , because if we had yelled to the poor soul the teacher would 've heard us and it would not have helped at all . 
  skip forward ~ eighteen months and a thread reaches the front page of reddit , `` what 's the best prank you 've ever heard of/seen/experienced ? '', 
  and i knew that this was my chance . 
  so i immediately began writing the most elaborate fictional story that my 20 minute attention span would allow in the hopes that someone would appreciate my terrible sense of humor . 
  and that 's the best prank i 've seen in a while . 
  [ soon . 
  damn i wanted to follow this guy but you censored his name !, 
  now i 'll never know who he is !, 
  perhaps i should start a thread asking redditors to decode his identity , they seem to be good at that lately . 
  upvoted for `` hater blockers '', 
  in my preschool ( ~ 1996 ) , there are two moments that stick out to me that would definitely not happen now :, 
  it was the only time in my life i had my mouth washed with soap , except they used some kind of gross sanitizing purell or something similar . 
  so they had me take a big gulp of sanitizer and rinse with hot water . 
  to be fair i did tell a kid to `` shutup '' . 
  me and this kid were picking grass around the playground at school during recess , and the teachers saw us . 
  i understand that in severe cases this kind of activity can be harmful to the landscaping at the school , but we were only 4 years old and had been doing it for about 5 minutes . 
  anyways , this one austere instructor comes up to us , who looked like a skyscraper from our view on the grass , and bellows , `` only cows eat grass , since you picked it out of the ground , you have to eat it now !, 
  '' , and he made this other kid and i eat the grass as like 20 other kids watched . 
  tl ; dr preschool was lame, 
  this is the happiest story you 've ever read . 
  - * the social animal * , david brooks, 
  forgot to clarify , it 's a smp server . 
  my buddy ( pictured ) and i had the armor delivered to us by a griefer who after destroying part of our house fell down a 1x40 hole we dug near our backdoor . 
  the stone bricks we made ourselves , why is that hard to believe ? 
  i 'll never understand why people complain so much about how generic popular titles are . 
  they 're generic because millions of people like those same ideas and are willing to shell out money to replay them over and over . 
  no one is forcing you to play these popular franchises , but the fact that they are around and selling is testament that the general public is not displeased with their content ; when the populace does indeed tire of it they still stop buying it , the company will begin losing money , and they will come up with new ideas . 
  at least post where you got it from , i saw this on facebook ~ a week ago . 
  i 've seen it yes , but i failed to notice the family made an appearance in the first episode of season 3 until just now haha, 
  no worries , 
  nope !, 
  you wo n't be banned , but it wo n't work . 
  we have plugins to prevent anything considered ` hacking ' . 
  flying/speed/x-ray / etc, 
  this server is awesome !, 
  seems to be growing every day and there is a nice competitive spirit in everyone who plays !, 
  i rather it be this way than the other way around . 
  hmmmm . 
  what he 's trying to say is there has been no important album released since the wall . 
  not the same !, 
  what is the best , worst and most likely possible outcome if one of the following happens :, 
  - an ra smells weed through the door, 
  - i smoke hookah in the room, 
  - i 'm found drinking ( under 21 , on-campus apartments ), 
  thanks for the reply , so what exactly is getting ` written up ' like ? 
  in other words if i get written up what actual impacts will it have on my housing and/or academics ? 
  it sounds like it 's just a warning, 
  fur sure . 
  ama request : someone who successfully disarmed an attacker ( knife , gun ) and survived by any method other than running away, 
  well this certainly throws a wrench in my plans !, 
  do n't listen to these imposters !, 
  i 'm the * real * anonymous !, 
  if you guys want i may do an ama sometime . 
  i live in san diego and have literally never been told directions in units of time , only miles . 
  from where do you hail ? 
  based on what ? 
  literary and facial analysis ? 
  thank god you did n't !, 
  you know i was waiting 16 minutes for an apology . 
  ** that 's way too long !, 
  top comment replies to :, 
  `` fuck the police . 
  fuck guys , yall act iike animals and serve to be in cages . 
  the world would be a better please with just girls . 
  we can hit you guys . 
  you ca n't hit us deal with it ( : '', 
  he got his hat back in the end !, 
  justice not served !, 
  we demand a do-over !, 
  i always thought the crime was `` breaking an entry '' not `` breaking and entering '' until just a couple years ago . 
  personally i still think my definition makes more sense . 
  why did the third monkey fall out of the tree ? 
  he was hit by the first two . 
  why did the fourth monkey fall out of the tree ? 
  he thought it was a game . 
  where did you get these !, 
  if this comment receives more upvotes than downvotes , i do not deserve a game . 
  that one was mice . 
  good show ? 
  never seen it , or know what it 's about . 
  worth watching the whole thing on netflix ?
