  i think op has shittier redditors to worry about than myself . 
  i just hope he sees my post so he can remove the compromised photos . 
  oh and i 'm letting the kid know that one of his `` friends '' has posted him to an online forum full of 13 year old bullies . 
  honest question because i 've written a message and am not sure if i should send it or not : would n't you want to know if someone you have added on facebook was posting stuff you say online to be laughed at ? 
  you 're in / r/tall, 
  whoever made this should do some proofreading and touch it up a bit, 
  wow i love this idea , nice job . 
  i wish there was some kind of checkpoint system , i get really far and then win and have to start over . 
  even in that post it is clear he has learned esl, 
   maybe make a deal . '', 
  i will play some battlefield with you , if we go to this show i like '', 
  so she 'll bring down my k/d ratio * and * i have to see a show ? 
  sounds like a lose - lose to me . 
   catch a tiger ( used to be nigger i think ) by the toe, 
  yep , heard my mom accidentally sing it this way and was shocked ( i was like 7 ) , she said that 's just the way the rhyme went back in her day . 
  if you 're right : op gets some imaginary internet points for free, 
  if you 're wrong : you run the risk of making someone who just lost their mother feel worse by calling them a liar . 
  who really cares ? 
  i 'm not defending the op , i `` m questioning euphemismic . 
  i do n't think the two are mutually required . 
  not relevant to this thread , but still the old bus driver being hit made me sad . 
  i think we were just talking about dancing though, 
  this is a really neat idea , good job !, 
  yes haha, 
  my moms ex boyfriend got angry/violent when high . 
  just anecdotal evidence but i thought i should post it due to everyone saying how hilariously impossible it is to happen . 
  what 's that, 
  `` you ca n't blend barely . '', 
  verve , anyone ? 
  as a 19 year old , thanks for saving me the trouble of testing this . 
  sounds good to me, 
  i think that 's the joke ? 
  hey how did you make this ? 
  java ? 
  i 'm a software engineer and have been meaning to try my hand at minecraft plugins/addons, 
  as it so happens , vice released a video on it just earlier today . 
  to anyone who is lost , he 's talking about the us raid on kim dotcom 's mansion in new zealand . 
  as it so happens , vice released a [ video on the subject just today ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmxhifg0mpy ) . 
  yeah i 've never actually seen this reaction from someone who is n't just trying to be a troll, 
  seriously though, 
  everyone 's different but i thought the pacing was perfect the way it was throughout the video . 
  however i too had trouble with `` how the queen [ unintelligible word ] works '', 
  overall great video real high quality , nice job !, 
  edit : what mic do you use ? 
   it was my first 360 game, 
  back in my day we played halo 2 on the 360 because halo 3 was n't out yet . 
  ^ ^ get ^ ^ off ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ lawn, 
  as someone who spent a lot of time online in halo 2 during it 's prime , i sometimes get sad when i think about how the whole community based around halo 2 mlg/machinima/montages / super bouncing/glitching/modding and all of their subsidiary communities are now lost and scattered through different franchises . 
  : / no other game has had the same kind of community feeling as halo 2 for me , i could open up my friends list and anyone who was online was playing that game . 
  i was hoping you would say this !, 
  my blue yeti is currently being shipped to me !, 
  i 'm going to try this build order tonight, 
  original blue moon, 
  i imagine he 's applying the only possible cause using redstone technology . 
  the real questions is how he 's listening to the radio when he 's walking to work, 
  not, 
  fuck i think it 's way too late to ask questions but maybe by some fantastic stroke of luck you 'll see this when checking the account one day . 
  how do you guys feel about the recent porn restrictions isp 's are enforcing in the uk ? 
  are you worried about similar restrictions coming to the us and are you doing anything to actively prevent that from happening ? 
  that 's not real right ? 
  not sure if ironic or cringeworthy . 
  what 's the legal limit and how do they enforce it, 
  same here , though i suspect it has something to do with silverlight . 
  one day i hope to be able to watch vimeo again . 
  also there 's a spooky skeleton inside of us !, 
  not sure if this was recent or a long time ago for you , but to anyone else that reads this do n't always plan on this kind of thing happening :, 
   passed with a 69.5 rounded up, 
  my freshman year of college i had a calculus professor whose class i had a 65 % in . 
  my school requires a 70 % to pass so i talked to him and said it 's really important i pass the class and that i 'm trying my best . 
  he ended up bumping my grade up . 
  to a 69 % . 
  whats that, 
  get out of here with your facts !, 
  what is that , the ncbi ? 
  does n't sound very reliable to me . 
  i bet you could n't find me a source on a reputable site like / r/trees that claims weed can increase the risk of lung cancer . 
  wait did it actually work ?? 
  you 'll understand when you 're an adult, 
   when you simply something the idiots will come running to join . 
  i was actually impressed with the improvement of the xbox one mic quality from the 360, 
  the soundcloud comments are hilarious, 
  thank you, 
  no i know exactly what you are talking about , and i 'm afraid they are in fact stupid . 
  is this a paid position , a hobby project ? 
  is there a team besides just yourself ? 
  if my math is correct than the other kid was only 9 , so it 's not really a huge deal, 
  no fair, 
  this is morbidly depressing, 
  the one thing reddi trusts less than government surveillance : police, 
  oh wow i actually thought i was on / r/4chan until this post, 
   50 % more dangerous, 
  nice try , google, 
  i do n't think ghosting is bad at all . 
  i mean dayz has a really sweet proximity voice chat implemented and it 's a bummer that maybe that wo n't be used as often with people in skype/vent etc. 
  with their friends , but without any system for global chat am i just expected to not play with any of my friends ? 
  i think if anything the negative attitude some players seem to have towards `` ghosting '' is hurting the game because it is making people feel guilty for not wanting to play alone . 
  that being said even if you are in skype with your friends you can still hear/communicate with everyone else in the game just as easily when you come across them . 
  oh really ? 
  i thought that was pretty much covered under the term combat logging . 
  i play a lot of ttt ( a gametype in garry 's mod ) and within that community ghosting is the act of using skype to communicate circumventing the in-game chat system .
