  idk if this has ever happened to you , but more than a few times i have gotten a bad sport rating for quitting out of a free mode game , wtf is up with that ? 
  how do you destroy a tank ? 
  i put 2 rpg 's into one and it did n't even slow down . 
   russian food, 
  ^ ^ lol, 
  from someone who uses photoshop a lot , actually really impressive op !, 
  ^ ( * golf clap * ), 
   lol, 
   i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  lol, 
  this one i feel like is actually kind of fucked . 
   `` fuck this faggot gave me a bulbasaur ? 
  christ i would kill for a pidgey or some shit , maybe i can chat with him and trade this piece of shit back for one . '', 
  - * pete *, 
  yup , we americans do n't really give a fuck about t 's in general and either make them d 's for that extra microsecond of efficiency or just drop them entirely like the above example . 
  `` dude i fucking hated that shit ! ', 
  most americans will pronounce the fourth word as : * hay - did *, 
  wtf really ? 
  is that in all cases or just that specific town name ? 
  like would you pronounce the shire from the hobbit as `` the sure '' ? 
  ^ ( * today i laughed at a reddit comment . . * ), 
  god being that small must be so fucking fun i would love to have a dog that was twice my size, 
  twice in 10 minutes !, 
  and in two different subreddits !, 
  you are a busy ^ ^ fucking robot !, 
  hahaha holy shit !, 
  whats the story behind this ? 
  what is that from ? 
  `` wow , look how big this dog is ! '', 
  oh i thought it was some drug scandal , that makes more sense, 
  nice job on the crowns, 
  now i feel really bad for the hundreds of calls this poor guy is about to get . 
  til, 
  that 's what my ex gf used to say and it turned out she had ovarian cancer . 
  you 're probably fine though, 
  i 'm subbed to that subreddit as well as / r/tall and god damn it my problems should be taken seriously !, 
  ' oh my god dude thats fucked up they ca n't help that they are fat / short ! ', 
  ^ ^ shorty, 
  i 've never heard it before and still do n't understand it after someone explained it . 
  ^ help ? 
  i 'm a wee bit taller than you cyberslick , i got your back !, 
  they 're the reason i always get asked if i do , walking stereotypes i tell ya !, 
  she probably does n't like that, 
  damn this is really well put together , i wish someone had as comprehensive of a list for tall guys . 
  i agree with you, 
  this is seriously , like probably the only joke at the expense of my height that i 've ever laughed at out loud in my entire life . 
  keep on keepin ' on , aikidi, 
  seriously i 'm sick of these little shits who think they can get higher than me . 
  i 'm with you , op !, 
  do you just refuse to draw the ugly ones ? 
  wtf i thought this was nyc the whole time !, 
  shiit how come i never see cool shit like this on the muni ? 
  just tweaked out homeless people or middle aged women on acid . 
  dude tan army was the shit , but maybe that 's because i grew up in palm springs and we played in fucking sand dunes . 
  nice shot i really like the composure of the overall color melody . 
  source : i 'm a photographere, 
  lol they `` think about it '' . 
  like the idea just suddenly crossed their minds and they are n't sure if netflix subscribers want it or not, 
  yeah are we missing something ? 
  that 's so raven, 
  its on purpose, 
  not at all , i just cringe whenever i hear someone say this in public, 
  i do n't get it . 
  this kind of seems like it should be illegal , so we 're giving degrees to people that only know 40 % of what the fuck they 're supposed to be doing ? 
  hahaha why is this link purps ? 
  i see we have a 1 percenter over here, 
  i live in california and do n't know what shape it is, 
  out of curiosity where do you live ? 
  the 13 colonies are probably some of the most often forgotten by my friends in ca other than ny and ma, 
  hm , do you know what shape it is ? 
  edit : i think you misunderstood, 
  out of curiosity how did you find out that you had this issue ? 
  now i 'm paranoid, 
  ^ ^ dude, 
  til i can never afford to propose . 
  lol entrance counselling , second year student here and never had any of that . 
  unless it was just a checkbox on the federal loans website, 
   ( especially middle and upper class ) could be picked at random and sent to fight and die, 
  i 'm sure it would just be like the previous drafts and anyone of any real importance ( net worth ) could buy their way out of it . 
  legally military and former-military have to follow the same laws for drinking/smoking that civilians do , but i 've heard quite often that police will often excuse speeding/light tickets for military so i 'm sure those same officers would never ticket them for buying cigarettes . 
  this is genuine curiosity . 
  how old are you now , and looking back what is the age that is closest to your current that you think , `` god i was such a dumbass back then . . '' ? 
   so maybe we just should n't have any laws then ? 
  because , i can do anything i want if i really want to . 
  the point of laws is to deter certain actions , not to stop them . 
  i did n't read the rest of your post but i liked this , good luck vs endlesssandwich, 
   inb4 `` maybe '', 
  since when has reddit ever answered an either/or question with `` maybe '' ? 
  it 's always some comedy genius who says , `` yes . '', 
  idk if you read replies to your posts but this is actually one of the best ones i 've seen from you , not that i have any right to be a critic . 
  but i could totally see this thing in the new yorker or something , nice job, 
  he should dress up as op, 
  haha no , i meant what shape is california ? 
  geometrically speaking . 
  that sounds cool except movies usually put me right to sleep, 
  do n't do it dude you 'll get an infraction on your license, 
  i have a feeling ill see you on the news one day, 
  yes we know that the truck that got hit was supposed to stop , but we do n't know the color of the other light and since we do n't see any civilian vehicles we ca n't necessarily assume that it was green . 
  many traffic lights in the us automatically turn red for all sides when emergency vehicles are crossing so it 's possible the other driver should have stopped as well . 
  wonder why 6 people downvoted you,
