  they mentioned it in like 3 different videos within a week, 
   they devolved into 8 pewdiepie clones screaming at the top of their lungs and acting like fucking retards . 
  yeah it 's a bummer . 
  : / i ca n't even watch most of their stuff now because i feel like the over-exaggeration of everything that happens is so cringey . 
  i * really * enjoy both of their podcasts however as it feels a lot more genuine and less like a show , ironically perhaps . 
  iirc it was in the game time with barbara , and mentioned on both podcasts that week . 
  i 'm not sure how anyone could think it 's c , it makes no sense . 
  clearly it 's a or d depending on context , most likely a. 
  i really do n't think so . 
  i think it 's the same kind of mentality that we see on reddit a lot of `` all redditors are stupid/cringey/young / dumb [ except me ! ] '' . 
  that kind of reaction to the movie is just reserved for people who like to believe that they are in the small minority who are intelligent enough to understand the movie and that everyone else is below them . 
  i felt the opposite . 
  i felt like the first two hours were just , `` wow , look how * rich * this guy is ! '', 
  and there was n't really any plot until the last ~ 30 % of the movie . 
  nothing like having an orgasm from taking a shit though . 
  i came here to say * your * exact words . 
  thank you hearingaid_bot , i hate having to repeat myself . 
  not sure who would be surprised by this , pretty sure both people who are pro and against vaccinations could justify him losing his license . 
  stick to league of legends and pokemon . 
  get off the computer , grandpa !, 
  i walked into that one , though to be fair i believe my post was actually criticizing their content for being immature , which seems to be your issue with some oatmeal content if i 'm reading your shakespearean post above correctly . 
  my original comment was just a subtle way to point out that your post reads like someone wrote it while holding a thesaurus in their other hand , sacrificing conciseness and clarity for unnecessarily flowery language . 
  i 'd post to / r/cringepics for a few upvotes if i was n't so terribly lazy . 
  but yeah i do n't watch rvb anymore , though it appears you must have at least been familiar with it at one time to associate it with roosterteeth . 
  edit : in the future this gay argument is now the most embarrassing thing people can find from my post history, 
  and they both have a brother whose name begins with the letters br, 
  link ? 
  and in such nice quality too !, 
  those nyc residents really know what they 're doing !, 
  wow look at the two bar graphs on psychedelics . 
  kids really get no education on them , it 's crazy how much a couple graphs can convey . 
  seriously , out of all the creepy/cringey shit that gets posted on here regularly * this * is what gets bitched about ? 
  i thought it was hilarious . 
  i wish i had read it here instead of that ugly fucking forum, 
  i think that should only happen if their death was caused by a zombie . 
  if every time someone died they became a zombie you would just find m4 's , backpacks and a shit ton of gear all the time from killing some stupid zombie , too easy . 
  i 'm glad they finally did this , i started a thread about saline specifically a few days back that got ~ 50 replies with a good number of people agreeing that saline was way too overpowered and pretty much rendered blood bags useless , which is unfortunate since finding your own blood type and an applicable donor was challenging and rewarding , but not if there 's just a standardized item that everyone can use that is 5 times more efficient . 
  people really need to focus on arguing against specific ideas rather than spouting out horseshit like `` hey devs do n't listen to anything we say '' , these fucking idiots are doing nothing except hurting us it 's embarrassing . 
  * slow slap *, 
  i do n't feel like reading everyone else 's responses , but i am someone who did not play the mod originally , and i think a majority of people on this subreddit have tempered or biased expectations since they are coming from playing the mod . 
  as someone new to dayz i think there is a ** lot ** of running , like a bunch . 
  it 's one of my main complaints that towns are so spread apart , though it should really only be an issue with the alpha since as the game progresses they 're adding a lot of stuff to fill those empty woods like wild animals , camps , foraging for food etc. 
  that said i still have been playing the game every day since i got it and i think it 's a fun time , but i 'd be lying if i said i have n't tried to stack things onto my w key to make my character autorun . 
  best of luck and if you ever want to play with someone with some experience you can add me on steam , same name as my username . 
  yeah but it has negative votes , i highly doubt the devs will be looking through anything past the top 2 pages . 
  wow this was impressive . 
  yeah i 'm with you i 've been waiting for a hardcore survival game to come out for a while . 
  it seemed like the only two hardcore games that were in existence were eve online and minecraft , since those were two massively popular games where you lose all of your stuff/progress upon death . 
  in minecraft i 'd even play on `` hardcore servers '' where you only get 1 life per month , fun stuff . 
  i 'm hopeful that this game will be the one i play the most once it progresses a bit more . 
  but people that post/upvote posts that are specifically telling devs not to listen or take seriously anything that gets said in this subreddit are just hurting all of us and taking away our voice for suggestions . 
  if there are specific suggestions that people do n't like they should argue those . 
  so am i crazy or was that 2 minutes of relative excitement followed by 20 minutes of a man slowly losing blood peaking around bushes ? 
  it 's still just making fun of somebody for expressing themselves , but i guess it 's okay since you ca n't relate to him like you could an awkward teenager . 
  relieved ? 
  he is n't, 
  wait how did you know ? 
  some people ca n't justify spending any amount of money on something so trivial to their lives given their current financial situation . 
  i 'm sure if he really had to he could get together $ 4 . 
  you should try uploading your images to [ imgur ] ( http://imgur.com ) , they are n't loading for me . 
  looking great as always !, 
  ca n't wait to see eventual support for online play , keep up the good work !, 
  not sure if you 're being serious , but 4chan is a social site much like reddit , exce - you know what you should just google it there 's plenty of stuff to be found on it . 
  if you are young and/or on a shared computer with your family i would n't go to it , it 's most well known for it 's / b / board ( boards are like subreddits ) where each thread starts with a picture . 
  reddit gets most of it 's memes , jokes etc. 
  from 4chan , you can also check out / r/4chan for some moderately funny stuff that gets posted . 
  is this the same story as the last samurai with tom cruise ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's the point . 
  even if he thought that the main conflict was over he was given orders to never surrender and decided to act honorably and follow those orders . 
  what is this from ? 
  i do n't understand what 's happening really, 
  i have no idea haha , oh well at least the guy got to read it, 
  oh thank you haha it shows it so quickly i thought it was just someone 's dog, 
  i hope you mean in the game, 
  link worked for me , that was pretty heartwarming . 
  you did totally ask for it though sneaking around 4-5 armed players, 
  yes, 
  it is n't just you , every time i try to walk through a door or do any reasonably complex series of movements i feel like a giraffe on iceskates . 
  and i own plenty of doors in real life . 
  very helpful thank you . 
  this has probably got to be the best method for undoing this issue , now we just need to find an efficient way to prevent it from happening at all that does n't involve `` do n't walk forward within 15 feet of a wall '' . 
  that really sucks and i can relate , but like others have said , you have no business up in that tower . 
  well as of right now , combat-logging and server hopping is also part of the dayz `` experience '' . 
  not that that makes it any less of a pussy thing to do . 
  just out of curiosity , why 21 + ? 
  do you want to share a beer afterwards or something ? 
  step 1 . 
  step 2 . 
  left click, 
  by telling the devs not to listen to the community we stand to gain * nothing * and stand to lose credibility , even admittedly minor at that . 
  makes no sense . 
   in the nwaf when we logged out to take a break then logged back in our char, 
  yeah server hopping will cause this , i know from experience . 
  i play first person and am also annoyed but what an egregious experience most people make it out to be . 
  though even in first person the earth could stand to be moved a few hundred thousand miles further from the sun . 
  death by firing squad . 
  if you find yourself in that situation again just run in the middle of all 4 and they 'll kill eachother for you . 
  it was a setup . 
  looking good the phalanx model looks pretty nifty, 
  i mean if you 're a bandit and kos people then sure , but do n't make it sound like it 's the player 's fault .
