  on acid it feels as though i have been transported to a new world of excitement and wonder , on shrooms it feels more like the trip is for the sake of the mushrooms not my own , and i 'm just going along for the ride wherever it may take me . 
  that is definitely the terminology i was searching for . 
  listen to this guy !, 
  that 's fucking crazy , and also sounds really expensive unless you are bff 's with whoever synthesized it . 
  i 've only ever seen it firsthand in tab form , but by those standards that would be a $ 10,000 trip haha, 
  i think it pretty clearly did . 
  jesus christ that sounds terrifying haha, 
  i guess what i was trying to say is the data regarding safe use of marijuana and lsd are nearly identical . 
  fair, 
  i thought this was clear as well , i had n't even considered the possibility of im_too_literal being male given the context . 
  join us . 
  ** theory ** , noun : a proposed explanation whose status is still conjectural and subject to experimentation , in contrast to well-established propositions that are regarded as reporting matters of actual fact . 
  i swear every time i see someone act like the only `` correct '' definition of theory is in scientific context it makes me wonder if they just got out of class . 
  / / right !, 
  var gentlemen = new person ( ) {, 
  same here , i 've been trying to force myself to use shift instead but it 's so ingrained in my brain to just use caps lock twice . 
  even doing so , i average about 114 words per minute with 0 errors . 
  my only motivation is reminding myself i could possibly be even faster with shift though its not a necessity . 
  wow haha alright . 
  i 'm decent at typing , ama . 
  - 18 , ~ 7 years ? 
  - i had a mandatory typing class in middle school where they taught us where to position our hands on a keyboard . 
  i just goofed around the entire class and would always just use my pointer finger to peck at keys when the teacher was n't looking , but by the end of the course i was at least using both hands . 
  - i type while looking at the screen . 
  - i do n't think so . 
  like poonchow said , i attribute my typing skills completely to video games . 
  even games that are n't centered around typing such as when i used to play world of warcraft have greatly enhanced my typing ability because i was always communicating with people constantly . 
  another thing that was helpful about wow but really can be the same in any game or website , is typing in the same username and password thousands of times . 
  eventually you kind of subconsciously remember the keystrokes to type your log info and can do it without looking , and that knowledge of the keys spreads to others . 
  var myjob = scientist ;, 
  var whatismyjob = function ( occupation ) {, 
  if ( occupation = = scientist ) {, 
  console.log ( `` i am a computer science major !, 
  whatismyjob ( myjob ) ;, 
  * 114 haha 144 would be crazy . 
  www.freetypingtest.com is a good test ( test instructions is the best format ), 
  i 'm looking to buy the book for intro to macroeconomics which i believe is econ 102 . 
  the name is something along the lines of principles of macroeconomics . 
  people . 
  because we 're stupid . 
  i used to . 
  not crazy about the on-campus housing . 
  our ra held a hall meeting stating he was our `` biggest advocate '' etc etc. 
  has called the police to our room three times the last week due to a faint marijuana odor that we ( my roommates and i ) believe was emanating from a door down the hall , seeing as all three times our room was searched and nothing illegal was found . 
  on that same note , two officers knocked on the door , covering the peephole , and announced that they were `` the pizza man !, 
  open the door ! '' . 
  literally the worst policing i have ever been unfortunate enough to witness . 
  downright terrible . 
  edit : nice downvotes , campus pd !, 
  [ song written about him . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vyj1c8ogte ), 
  who 's yours ? 
  when exactly are you coming here ? 
  you know the semester has already started right ? 
  well i mean if you want to come here it 's pretty cool . 
  i 'm a little bummed that more people do n't live on campus , i mean it is technically a commuter school . 
  but i think like ~ 10,000 live on campus which is still a large amount . 
  i 'm generally pretty social and so far everyone has been super friendly and outgoing . 
  sometimes i 'll go to the dining hall and just find a person or two eating alone and ask to join and i 've made a few friends that way . 
  if it is an attack , then the person doing it has likely been to 4chan before . 
  so , yes i guess . 
  exactly !, 
  ** what year is it !? 
  this is correct , do n't know why it 's being downvoted . 
  this is awesome . 
  i made a suuuuper-minimalistic idea of a blackjack game via codeacademy so your coding seems pretty alien and beyond my level to me haha . 
  but this could be the best blackjack game on the internet considering it is n't slathered with advertisements and shit asking me to register . 
  just played for like 20 minutes . 
   if people have panic attacks on it they go too big or are stigmatized by the `` illegal '' thing . 
  live in san diego , smoked about every day for ~ 2 years . 
  now even one hit gives me the most terrible panic attacks . 
  not because i go `` too big '' or care that it 's illegal . 
  i wish more people could understand this . 
  i 've since realized that the stoner community , one that i used to think was extremely accepting , open and non-judgemental , is pretty closeminded when it comes to people simply not having enjoyable effects from weed . 
  i ca n't exactly pinpoint when it started really . 
  somewhere in the span of 4-5 months ago . 
  i fought it for a long time , but it kept just getting worse . 
  as in , i was so stubborn about giving it up i actually kept smoking with friends all the time despite the fact that it gave me terrible anxiety , i was hoping it would fix itself . 
  now it 's to the point where as i said , just one hit will send me into a spiral of terror about my heart rate , chest pain etc. 
  enjoy it while you can !, 
  haha for some reason that notion did n't really click in my brain until you said it . 
  this picture makes me feel bad for the poor kid in the wheelchair just out of frame who ca n't run with his friends . 
  most illicit substances in my experience ( such as weed , coke , mushrooms ) are sold and consumed using the metric system . 
  mushrooms are unique due to the fact they are almost always oriented in reference to `` eighths '' meaning an `` eighth of an ounce '' . 
  there are about 28 grams in an ounce , so an `` eighth '' is 3.5 grams . 
  half an eighth would be 1.75 grams , but anyone selling mushrooms will know exactly what you mean if you say `` half an eighth '' guaranteed . 
  weed gives me terrible panic attacks . 
  i love magic mushrooms . 
  everyone is different , try a small dose at first if you want to try it . 
  ( i took an eighth my first time , but you could go as low as ~ 2 grams , i would n't recommend lower than that ) . 
  also just so you know , you 're somewhat similar to a 5 year old when you 're on shrooms . 
  what i mean by this is you can be having the worst time of your life or be terrified of something , and all you need to do is be distracted and those thoughts go out the window . 
  remember this and it will help you and your friends . 
  there are far too many beautiful things to see while on a psychedelic to waste the relatively short tripping time worrying . 
  i would n't ask for a fourth . 
  as i 've said shrooms are pretty exclusively bought in references to eighths , unless you 're asking for a specific amount in grams . 
  although this may go against the mathematician in you that want 's to simplify a fraction , you 'd have much better luck just asking for two eighths instead of a fourth . 
  grassy hills in front of the humanities building . 
  see people lying there on sunny days all the time . 
  i do n't usually `` hang out '' on campus .
