  allegedly . 
  and you can also look up hulk hogan & greg oden . 
  also greg oden and hulk hogan and others . 
  not reading this comment because suspect it 's something inane like claiming that they did n't click the link they 're responding to . 
  wow good work dude your effort is appreciated , thanks !, 
  difference ? 
  the dude could be uninsured , and in fact probably is . 
  not stiff at all considering the amount of permanent damage that could have been done to his professional and personal life had that rumor actually been started it is imperative the student know it is absolutely not a joke and very serious . 
  source : teacher, 
  wow this is terrific !, 
  does it say anywhere that it works on pc as well because the system requirements state mac only . 
  i definitely had that , do n't know how i did n't end up dying one way or another . 
  really the dude was making a lot of good points , you do n't become such an important member of a political party by being a dumbass . 
   teaching kids that there are questions that it is dangerous to even say out loud is a pretty backwards thing , imo . 
  it 's necessary that they be taught in a practical way to be prepared for some of the things that are actually `` backwards '' in general society . 
  sexual allegations against male teachers have historically had a disproportionately extreme effect on their lives even in the absence of evidence or before investigation into the claims . 
  there are a lot of practices we regularly take part in as a culture that may seem backwards to those not versed in them , but i think it 's naive to believe we should be teaching kids , especially in high school , that the world always works as it should and makes total sense . 
  . . are you a super hero ? 
  hahaha so true !, 
  you predicted it would change and then changed it in the past . . 
  bought it and it works like a charm , thank you so much this is an unbelievable deal compared to steam !, 
  now i just need to learn what seems like a whole new game from vanilla haha, 
  has anyone actually bought this ? 
  is it any good ? 
  i 'm looking for a gaming pc and am concerned about the 5ms delay , anyone have some input ? 
  it 's better, 
  that 's not right . 
  do you for realsies live in nz ? 
  because i 'm in the us and switched regions to nz and am having the same issue . 
  wow i never thought that a company would hire people to make them money , i was under the impression they kept gavin around for his brit humour and magnificent schnoz . 
  i do n't get it, 
  i 'm sure they can leave the store if they wanted to but gamestop would have the authority to prevent them from leaving with merchandise considering the agreed upon `` price '' included not being able to own the copy until midnight . 
  so it 's all your fault . 
  not working, 
  edit : working, 
  when i originally posted recruiting people i specified 18 + , but i think most of us are mid 20s . 
  as of now we 're all just leveling obviously but yeah you can check out our link [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/fireteams/comments/2f8hps/xb1_raidleadertv_is_seeking_hardcore_raiders_aged/ ) to see our raiding deal . 
  also you need to go to the group page and mark that group as our xbox clan near the top for it to be active . 
  no but you can hit start and fuck around with your character , gear and inventory while you wait . 
  you do n't start earning them until you 're level 17 or 18 . 
  my buddy and i are unemployed, 
  edit : and nerds, 
  do you know why people are downvoting this ? 
  what for ? 
  some gear unlocked at 20 ( only rares and legendaries in my experience ) will have a stat on it called `` light '' . 
  light is what levels you up just like xp did pre-20 . 
  yep , it cues the ending cinematic . 
  never saw their logo before , very creative . 
  woops , changed it thanks !, 
  probably because destiny attracts a lot of the same population that played halo 2 online right when it came out . 
  and back in 2004 you did n't have a lot of gamertags like xxii theatt4kerr12928 iixxx, 
  hey if you are looking to join a hardcore raiding guild i am the leader of one with ~ 30 members so far . 
  we are all friendly and committed to trying to be some of the first people to clear the vault of glass . 
  if that kind of thing peaks your interest please feel free to [ join us here ] ( http://www.bungie.net/en/clan/forum/177458 ) . 
  also if you just want a buddy to play with i 'm gon na be doing pvp all this weekend , you can add me : urstuck on xbl . 
  not true , grifball was a weekend only halo 3 gametype for many months before being adopted into the roster , as well as multi-team which was 4 teams of 2 . 
  yeah we 're on xbox , we actually need everyone to be in the clan , not just alliance , during the raid to achieve certain unlockables from having a full clan team . 
  fortunately you can be a part of more than one group at a time so you and your buddies can still have your own group , just join rltv as well and we 'll be golden , link above . 
  and i 'll add you right now on xbl . 
  saying grifball is a variation of assault is like saying halo is a variation of c++ . 
  they are completely different . 
  hm works for me , try it now . 
  yeah man go ahead and join the group i linked above and you can send me a friend request at urstuck . 
  nice , i 'm only a couple coins away from getting them . 
  congrats , what item did you get ? 
  i mentioned it in the video but the quickest way is by doing the weekly strike mission . 
  you can also get them in any random loot drop such as engrams or pvp matches . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've actually been posted to / r/asmr before haha, 
  thanks glad you liked it !, 
  confirm , it was a mistake and if you have annotations enabled i 've since corrected it . 
  kids these days, 
  i have 13 as well , you can get them from any random loot drop such as rare engrams or finishing crucible matches . 
  it is once every 6 days , i realized my error immediately after uploading and it 's been corrected with an annotation . 
  apologies . 
  i believe in you !, 
  so are universities beginning to be able to play then ? 
  nope , i just bought an exotic with 13 . 
  thanks , the amount of coins you get depends on the difficulty you run it at . 
  you can also get coins from engrams and pvp rewards . 
  `` everyone starts equal '' = everyone has their own custom character with unique weapons , abilities and stats, 
  `` no joining session '' = players can drop/join games at any time, 
  there 's a light level cap ? 
  i thought they said there is no level cap . . 
   it seems like they invested far too much to even delegate it to a less important operation . 
  cost efficient military lol, 
  hey thanks !, 
  like others have said it really is just practice makes perfect . 
  the multiplayer is definitely halo * esque * with a hint of titanfall . 
  if you want to play sometime you can add me ( urstuck ) , i 'm always doing crucible when i 'm not busy with work and could probably answer some questions . 
  good luck !, 
  yeah i ended up switching to a scout rifle you can see in the last clip , much better . 
  possibly . 
  we will be attempting as soon as it goes live ; if streaming does n't interfere at all with my connection i may do it . 
  yeah i 'm on xbone and have n't seen any ships for 6 days . 
  read carefully . 
  make sure to subscribe and follow @xcoastgaming so you can let me know directly what you do/don ' t support in the future !, 
  ships ? 
  why ships are things i have n't seen in a long long time . . 
  just a cool area to explore .
