  both are correct , but thanks atypical is a better choice . 
  not necessarily necessary , but definitely would n't say it is n't not preferred . 
  like what ? 
  what the fuck why would you put the coal directly on bud ? 
  that sounds awful, 
  fuck dude it 's almost like you might have to meet new people . 
  they eat more birthday cake . 
  i imagine the vast majority of erotic novels are written that way . 
  i mean it 's not really a joke in the sense that you need to understand the punch line , it 's more just a popular meme making fun of incorrect math that people pass along as if it was correct . 
  the joke part is acting like it makes sense to confuse others , so saying `` itt people do n't get it '' , implies you do n't get it . 
   i ended up getting incredibly homicidal, 
  how do you base your homicidalness on a scale ? 
  did you kill more than one person or something ? 
   now i 'm 18 years old and accepted on a full ride to a good college as a computer science major . 
  be honest , you totally told this story in your application letters . 
  ah gotcha , well glad to see you 've quelled those feelings for the time being . 
  i do n't get any of these analogies . 
  if you are found carrying over 1.3 grams on your person or in your household where it could n't conceivably belong to someone else , they castrate you . 
  i mean it 's pretty obvious it was setup from the start , jones had no motivation to attack other than money , he risked a possible broken hand right before a fight for nothing ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's a good number of multipliers higher than anyone in / r/letsplay . 
  perfect, 
  looks like a karma tank on mobile, 
  source ? 
   everyone behaves in `` rational '' ways but my point is that it is n't correct to assume that the decisions people make are optimal or even in their own best interest . 
  thanks i guess i misunderstood your op , that cleared it up for me . 
  the male equivalent to `` how can she slap ? '', 
  you 're in the comment thread about a video , what the fuck do you want people to talk about ? 
   ... uhh ... 
  i mean i do live in oklahoma ... but i do n't know how that would be relevant . 
  i mean if they just guessed your state correctly out of 50 , there 's obviously something relevant about it . 
  can you read ? 
  10/10 username , would believe you are french again . 
  story time ? 
  we 're on to you , french pr team !, 
   you * loosed * me here . 
  ftfy, 
  i think you mixed them up actually, 
  in the last couple months or so people have totally forgotten how to use this sub unfortunately . 
  his account is like 3x older than yours . 
  that is hilarious !, 
  ha , silly russians . 
   it 's like watching porn with transexuals . 
  most guys do, 
  i do n't think that 's even statistically possible . 
   i know a lot of people who would probably choose to delay things until they 're almost dead because they do n't have insurance and do n't want another 100k medical bill . 
  i mean that seems reasonable . 
  excuse my ignorance about all this , but is patient zero still alive ? 
  and do we know how he became infected in the first place ? 
  clever, 
  sure that 's all fine i just mean that i doubt it 's * most * guys in a literal sense , if anything just due to a lack of access to that kind of thing . 
  what is it ? 
  * shake & bake !, 
  as someone who applied to mcdonald 's twice and never got called back or interviewed , fuck off . 
  have you seen the 2 hobbit movies ? 
  at the end of part 1 they are carried out of danger by some giant birds and then set down on a cliff ... their goal is in their line of sight like 3 miles away but the birds just fly off instead of taking them there . 
  why ? 
  if ( input = = `` uk flag '' ), 
  i do n't get it , vargas is a girl right ? 
  so are all of her posts just made up stories for attention ? 
  reminds me of jimmy fallon 's fake viral videos . 
  can it run battlefield on high ? 
  hello new desktop background !, 
  well shit what if venus has a catastrophic event that knocks it slightly out of orbit and fucks our shit up ? 
  well i have you tagged as ` born in 98 ' . 
  if we 're all still around that long i 'll need to clarify the year further . 
  some people are so pessimistic , i thought i 'd find more optimism in the space subreddot . 
  is that movie good ? 
  should i watch it tonight ? 
  keeper, 
  if a car is sitting still and i 'm inside , i can rock it back and forth by moving around , as well as make it nudge forward and back by lunging to/fro within the car . 
  what 's wrong with washing the hose , what happens to it ? 
  how can i tell if my hose is washable or unwashable ? 
  tough crowd, 
  dude i 've wanted to do something like this forever , not because of anything serious but just because i still get occasional cavities ( despite great dental hygiene ) and do n't wonna deal with teeth anymore . 
  was this covered by your insurance ? 
  if so , how ? 
   one of my front teeth is a baby tooth that never fell out, 
  ... just get a string and a doorknob, 
   my ex claimed he was joining the military to become a paratrooper . 
  i laughed out loud , because i could n't even get him on a ferris wheel at the fair . 
  how would he jump out of planes as a career ? 
  this is pretty funny lol, 
  as someone who has still never beat the flagship , even on easy , is flak i that good ? 
  i had it for one run and it did n't seem to be doing too much , are they any good combos with it ? 
  what does the bottom left room do ? 
  i just started playing advanced mode and still do n't know . 
  ah i see , so is there any particular trick on where to aim the flak guns ? 
  should i just be trying to encapsulate as many rooms as possible into it 's radius ? 
  drink more water and it should clear up . 
  he said it 's a turnoff, 
  oh this is grand, 
  seems pretty average, 
  i do n't get it . 
  why only the little ones ? 
  thanks !, 
  ama request, 
   sexually harass a little girl, 
  give me a break . 
  as opposed to all those shows run by 12 year olds,
