  did he actually hypnotize those guys ? 
  i can see why the announcer was pissed that should definitely be a disqualification if so, 
   the american people did actually listen to her , they did n't believe him when he admitted he would be terrible as president . 
  that never happened . . 
   pretty sure they had both timelines already written out . 
  they actually did not , they had to re-create half of election week 's episode 24 hours before airing . 
  if you watch it it 's painfully obvious that the character 's mouths do n't even line up with what they 're saying properly ,, 
  there was a director 's commentary for the obama 2008 win where they said they had already made the episode and if mccain had won they would 've had to do some fast and shitty vo work to make it look okay . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see them talk about the trump victory in this season 's director commentary as well . 
  hmm, 
   oh is that why cam newton feels unsafe on the field ? 
  no that would be because cam newton is a pussy . 
  are you female ? 
  maybe you should personally go and knock on his door and confront him . 
  explain that you sometimes have children ( your nieces ) and you 'd appreciate it if he did his business somewhere not right next to the window or closed the curtains . 
  then based on his reaction maybe he 'll stop or maybe you 'll decide you do n't actually mind ruining his life . 
  the cop who is chasing him is carrying a bag with him . 
  usually when chasing people who are running away from you , you are not also trying to carry a bag in your hand . 
  tagging / u/crash _ bandicool / u/mada447, 
  also possible he plays any blizzard game, 
   i dunno what i 'll do without him, 
  planning on killing him ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i have this , in fact a doctor even gave me an inhaler for this very reason except i thought i had to use it for the rest of my life for the effect to continue so i just did n't bother . 
  asthma causes spitting ? 
  if i considered differing political opinions to be a dealbreaker then i would forever be alone , because i live in california . 
  i have a good number of friends i hang out with regularly and it 's never been an issue , so i do n't see why it would be in a relationship but i guess ymmv . 
   i would n't care if we were married with kids , if he voted for trump that would be instant grounds for divorce for me . 
  you sound like an insane person . 
  how would you feel if you read him saying that online about you voting for clinton ? 
  it was clear in both of his posts that it 's him . 
  gingrich , to be exact . 
  just jerked it while i read your comment !, 
  i recommend almond milk , i 've been dairy-free for ~ 4 years now and honestly prefer almond milk over cow milk . 
  ymmv, 
  what kind are you getting ? 
  i only drink almond breeze original - unsweetened . 
  / hailcorporate, 
  ah yeah , i can see that . 
  i 'm trying to put on weight/muscle as well , but i 'm already drinking a fuck ton of soylent so pretty sure switching to soy milk for me might be a soy overkill lol, 
  haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  thankfully i have no problem with that . 
   yall are ruining the word basic . 
  everyone uses the dog filter . 
  . . exactly . 
  i do n't plan on having kids , which realistically would mean i can make just about any environmentally harmful decision in my life and still have less of a negative impact on the planet than any future parents . 
  new way to look at it !, 
   you think it 's alright to tell a girl . . 
  that 's a mighty fine pedestal you 've built there !, 
  not incorrect , though . 
  right ? 
  damn , 6 year old you was a player !, 
  just in time , too !, 
  i 'm pretty sure it does n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's cold regardless if you grew up in miami or the arctic circle . 
  you would n't be wearing a t-shirt in that weather . 
  yeah the picture came from one of them, 
  right , just like getting blackout drunk and driving a motorcycle to work every day is only a risk factor . 
  i 'd rather not ride the bart from fruitvale thank you very much, 
  it 's transparent . 
  turn off res night-mode , 
  ca n't get it to work , does it only work live ? 
  that 's the ram . 
  i can do san diego - irvine, 
  sorry , i have no clue !, 
  not sure why a display material would change the colors of the graph , just knew from my own experience that viewing it in res-night mode made it darker due to it 's transparent background . 
  i can do san diego - irvine, 
   coroutines to ensure i do n't have things updating 60 times per second , etc. 
  could you please explain what you mean by this ? 
  not familiar with the term , is it like unity 's version of multi-threading ? 
  just stumbled in from / r/all is this sub for real ? 
  pfft how else would you do it , then ? 
  everyone knows genuine and spontaneous social interaction with others is just a myth . 
  ~ ~ polite ~ ~ scared, 
   they 'll eventually get used to you being around and you 'll be integrated into the group as a `` friend '' . 
  the quotes are the best part of this whole post . 
  do you feel kind of bad that you just let his date invitation hang in the air for a month though ? 
  seems kind of rude . 
  you must have skipped like 80 % of that page . 
  worth noting that those numbers might be true for big youtubers like him , but in the context of this thread and talking about smaller creators it 's not as often more substantial than an ad view . 
  that being said it is obviously superior to using ad block , which is essentially stealing imo . 
  but to each their own . 
  i 'd bet the vast majority of patreon funding comes from $ 1 - $ 5 pledges per month . 
  i 'm definitely not trying to shit on someone for their financial situation , i was briefly homeless myself , but i do find it hard to believe that more than 0.01 % of a creator 's audience chose not to support because they could n't afford $ 1 a month . 
  there are plenty of other reasons for not supporting , but i 'd say being unable to financially make it after a dollar or two gone is stretching it . 
  woah, 
  why ruin a good thing ? 
  loving the positivity , subscribed !, 
   many of whom i volunteered with that were middle-school aged, 
  since that was a while ago , have you considered the idea that many of the middle school children you met may now be current murderers or murderees ? 
  i think you need to rewatch it if you think they were n't poking fun at the entire let 's play genre . 
  noooooooo my dreams : c, 
  i think i 'm missing something or dumb or both . 
  if you are visiting japan , how exactly are you meeting all these japanese women * inside * the expat bubble ? 
  like , they 're still in their own country . . 
  it 's reddit tradition for the comment explaining the joke to get twice as many upvotes at the joke itself . 
  for a website whose users like using the term `` whoosh '' so much , people here are n't very good at detecting humor / sarcasm unless it 's slammed in their face . 
  four more years !, 
  four more years !, 
  hate ? 
  four more years !,
