  that 's just awful . 
   in 2003 we were going to storm iraq and it would be a short battle to sure victory through the technique known as shock and awe . 
  obviously , it 's worked out well enough that 1/3rd the nation is under control of the islamic state . 
  to be fair the us successfully gained control of the nation 's capitol and government in less than 4 weeks after the initial invasion , which is a great military success . 
  the ensuing insurgency was never fully foreseen or prepared for . 
  source ? 
  read carefully, 
  asking for upvotes is against the site-wide rules , i 'd edit your post before a mod removes it . 
  the drawing looks great , do you do this for a living ? 
  as far as i know that 's only true for the original 3 chests found , but not the [ fourth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbe-xhr4v_0 ) or [ fifth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-agakqiqbv8 ) which do n't give raid level loot . 
  generally the best place to find a clan is just by asking people you meet in the game , which can be done via the sidebar on the right or specific [ youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kny7d-hyiys ) meetup havens . 
  or if you prefer the direct approach you can just go to bungie.net and search through the groups there to your liking . 
  i said , `` as far as i know '' you pompous douche . 
   untreated marfan syndrome, 
  it 's untreatable , it 's like saying he had `` untreated down syndrome '' . 
  that makes sense . 
  sorry about the kid though, 
  i ca n't think of a single time this will be necessary , what a waste of money and time . 
  so is you saying it 's good . 
  bro are you suggesting we throw dogs with parachutes out of a plane over an actively exploding volcano ? 
  there 's no need to defend the picture , there really is no scenario where this would be helpful , maybe once in a lifetime will having a dog airdropped out of a high altitude plane make some kind of difference . 
  yep , pvp is obviously broken , [ here is an even better example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzowdibeutc ) oh what op is showing , sans the super high guy complaining about a sparrow . 
  would you be surprised to hear that children born after 9/11 are on reddit all the time ? 
  number 23 is just perfect . 
  i would n't say more insidious as much as it is just `` better '' at it 's job . 
  the issue is taking the trash out , doing the dishes and other housekeeping chores might not be as exciting as getting shot at with your buddies but they are still necessary . 
  for someone to try and explain to their wife why mowing the lawn is `` mundane shit '' is totally irrelevant as someone still has to do it even if you do n't want to . 
  . . did you not wait for the whole thing to load or something ? 
  why do n't you ask him ? 
  til destiny is n't m. i guess i assumed since halo was m this was too . 
   i really wish the iron banner would drop the only one exotic weapon limit, 
  that 's an interesting idea actually, 
  i believe it, 
  holy shit til, 
  like you 're doing right now, 
  yeah i mean the game has been out less than a month but for sure it 's `` time to move on '' . 
  i played mario 64 for maybe 6 years after i bought it but you 're right it 's smart decision making to keep buying $ 60 games that you play for less than 30 days . 
  i think this is one of the main ideologies over at / r/theredpill, 
  you 're probably under by now but good luck guardian !, 
  does rocks float on lava ? 
  [ i love living in 2014 ] ( http://elizabethklettaudio.com/2013/09/13/free-audio-friday-all-summer-in-a-day/ ), 
  that bitch used to only charge $ 300 . 
   clients who make unreasonable demands like that based on something that is n't performance related are n't worth having, 
  this might work for your girlfriend 's youtube cooking show but when comcast is your client of any capacity you fucking do what it takes to keep them . 
   douchebag is making out with girl at a bus stop, 
  okay, 
   raided on wow for years and years where you need 25 people, 
  nice try, 
  reply to this comment with how many shards you have if you * loooove * penis . 
  level 54 and as others have said he does not sell legendary engrams . 
  i agree it 's dumb . 
   just to assuage your jealousy, 
  right , i 'm real jealous of having 71 ascendant shards and no raid gear . 
  i 'll just sit here and cry my level 30 ass to sleep . 
   nobody would waste time trying to come up with an ebola vaccine . 
  from cdc :, 
   the nih 's national institute of allergy and infectious diseases is working on developing an ebola vaccine . 
  nih recently announced they are expediting their work and are launching phase 1 clinical trials of an ebola vaccine . 
  edit : . . downvotes ? 
  this post is literally just linking to news articles and quoting the cdc , what the fuck is wrong with you people . 
  would n't this apply to current hacking as well ? 
  the people behind the icloud leaks should be totally innocent, 
  that 's what i always say , but suddenly when i say that blacks are responsible for the vast majority of obesity rates in the us or commit more violent crime than any other race , * suddenly i 'm the weirdo . 
  i 'd rather have two completely different things than a pink sombrero . 
  so many questions ,, 
  would n't he bleed out from exposed veins after they chomped the first inch , how are they closing the wound ? 
  i just do n't understand, 
  i do n't think i 've ever been this impressed with someone doing their job before . 
  damn when he made it to the top that looked sketchy af, 
  i have to disagree here , i 've been going through this thread and upvoting most posts i see that are disparaging towards bungie because like most others i am deeply dissappointed in the lack of content and poor design choices of destiny . 
  but personally i think their decision to not include voice chat or raid matchmaking is actually one of the few things that i commend them for doing . 
  they announced it and immediately started to get shit for it , people complaining up and down before the game was even out and they had the balls to stick to what they believed in and push it anyways . 
  we know it is n't due to laziness as they 've already incorporated the mm technology in other areas of the game like strikes/crucible . 
  and no raid matchmaking has made the raids such a better experience for me , and i think it goes hand in hand with chatting only with your fireteam . 
  had i been able to just queue for a raid i would have never had to actually * make friends * in the game and invite them , get to know these people over the course of the 13 hours ( literally ) it took us to beat the raid on the first day it was released , it was a much better experience than if i had joined matchmaking for it where everyone likely wouldv ' e either been not talking ( like in every xbox game ) or in a party chat with their friends . 
  we would wipe from lack of communication continuously and people would drop out making progression impossible . 
  of course it would n't bother me too much is they added either as a lot of people are asking for it , but if bungie announces either raid matchmaking or public voice chat in * paid dlc * i am so fucking done with this company it 's not even funny , that would be absolutely atrocious . 
  not really a sister company , the single corporation is known as ** activision blizzard ** . 
  where did you copy it from ? 
  [ i 've got some bad news for you . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/z1c9z/i_am_barack_obama_president_of_the_united_states/ ), 
  the constitution does n't explicitly prohibit disallowing re-entry of american citizens into the homeland . 
  solid question, 
   this fucktard did the equivalent of screaming bomb on a plane, 
  yeah this is n't helping your point really , anyone who freaks due to a certain word being said on an aircraft has no grasp on reality and the likelihood of something like that actually happening . 
  this kind of stupidity-fed fear is why we 're slowly losing our rights in the us and is really angering . 
  like a fucking terrorist would even stand up and say `` bomb '' in the first place , just dumb . 
  ca n't wait to see this one posted around in the next few days !, 
  that 's a video . . did seinfeld misspell it in his act ? 
   women will pick that up in an instant . . 
  since we 're already generalizing all women , no they very often will not pick up on that ever . 
  think about the odds of being killed in a building fire vs a terrorist on a plane , it 's probably the same ratio as being killed in a car accident vs a submarine accident . 
   you realize it 's illegal to tell fire in a movie theater , right ? 
  no , it is n't . 
   screaming bomb on a plane is not protected speach never has been and nobody will agree that it needs to be, 
  that is n't how `` free speech '' works . 
  you think the government has a list of things that you are free to say and things you are n't and that 's what we call free speech ? 
  i 'm saying the odds of someone bringing a bomb onto a commercial airliner are so infinitesimally small that it would be ridiculous to start a frenzy if someone jokingly said it . 
  but even if somehow due to the universe statistically fucking you there * was * a bomb , what the fuck are 40 people panicking in the back of a plane going to do to alleviate the situation ? 
  there is no correct `` reaction '' to being told your plane is being taken over , you 'd be better off not knowing . 
  i think that 's the point,
