  is it just for self-expression like a tattoo is or does it physically feel satisfying ? 
  bonus question : what would you think if you had a guy in bed and found out his penis was pierced ? 
  worse , what if someone did it to his wife !, 
  ^ ^ wait, 
  wow he did n't mention it beforehand at all ? 
  i would be pretty surprised if that happened . 
  well i do n't sleep with guys , but you know what i mean . 
  huh , til . 
  when i hear tar i just think the shit that roads are paved with . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  what is a bear 's top speed ? 
  i often hear you ca n't outrun a bear so i imagine it would be faster than the average human , though perhaps it 's only in treacherous footing like in the forest/on the side of a mountain . 
  the nazi party was one of many political parties vying for power long before anything bad enough to go into our history books happened . 
  i know this is a joke , but how long would it really take for someone on the west coast of your country to travel to the eastern border ? 
  it 's just a freestyle, 
  really ? 
  i 'm curious were you a fan of his before this newest album ? 
  because i really love 90 % of all his tracks but from what i 've heard of this newest album it sounds very disappointing . 
  i have n't listened to all of it though , are there 1 or 2 tracks that are above the rest ? 
  rap god is growing on me, 
  * time 's up , over , * *** blaow !!!, 
  eminem is n't in the top 7 posts . . 
  yeah i also just started listening to rap right after recovery came out . 
  happened to hear lose yourself and continued to go back through all of em 's songs until the beginning . 
  some of them are just unbeleivably genius , others are pretty dumb but that 's his whole mo i suppose . 
  i just listened to bad guy on the suggestion of someone else in this thread , really clever to continue stan since that was a fantastic song , the first half of bad guy just seems a little painfully slow to build up to bad rhymes . 
  once the guy breaks into the house it gets at least 3 times better imo . 
  anyways thanks for the suggestions !, 
  it 's definitely excellent for a freestyle, 
  that is so cool !, 
  must be nice to be able to go anywhere in your country within a day 's travel if you wanted to . 
  there 's places in the us i know i 'll never have the time to see because it 's just such an ordeal to get there . 
  oh man i have to admit i did n't even try loading a spritesheet at all , for some reason i assumed that it would automatically have access to the characters haha . 
  damn this just got a lot more complicated it seems . 
  i 'll have to mess around with it further . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  hey this looks really cool !, 
  one piece of advice for posting pictures would be to make sure that the links end in an image format such as . png if possible , since that will allow res users to simply view the images in your post . 
  i know i almost skipped over this post because of this but i 'm glad i did n't !, 
   made out of mountains and fjords, 
  the only fjord i 've been to in my life is the howling fjord . 
  lol what the fuck ? 
  i agree , we should boycott them !, 
  ^ ^ ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ^ ^ ^ shit, 
  oh , carry on, 
  sorry im ' a bit of a grammer nazi but , * speling , 
  oh cool i think you 'll like it , it makes browsing reddit much easier and especially for images , you should be able to click a little button next to this [ link ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bbavh4ocqaabhwr.png ) which will embed the image instead of taking you to a new tab if you 've installed res correctly . 
  this was just done by removing the '' : large '' from the end of your links . 
  good luck with your continued game development !, 
  edit : forgot to mention once you 're viewing an embedded image you can click + drag to make it bigger/smaller . 
  itt : everyone is either flabbergasted that such a question would be asked or people are saying those that say no do n't really know how they 'd react . 
  so , yes . 
  checkmate . 
  no you dont, 
  woah !, 
  that one in the frame on the shelf looks awesome , i 'm jealous . 
   upvote for fellow hawaiian . 
  ( as in i live here , but not actually hawaiian ), 
  yeah i was born in hawaii ( am white ) and was cracking up the whole time . 
  i 'm ignorant to all this , but how/when was the # 1 wallet confirmed to belong to the fbi ? 
  check out mr. french over here !, 
  oh snap so they all used to belong to the guy who ran sr ? 
  that sucks , i was actually just a couple blocks away when he was arrested . 
  breaking bad had a pretty sub-par ending imo , maybe i 'm just being a debbie downer though . 
  ** breaking bad spoilers in this post **, 
   they tried to tie up too many loose ends in that last hour, 
  this is exactly it , they shoe-horned in too many perfect coincidences to make the story work that it was kind of a letdown for me . 
  first off the writers have said when they first showed the large machine gun in walt 's trunk they did n't know what they were going to end up doing with it , that was painfully obvious when it was setup on a little rotator and just happened to kill every single bad guy in the room but not walt/jesse . 
  even worse is that todd actually survived , but what does he do ? 
  he literally sits on the ground just chilling for 3 minutes waiting for his death without grabbing his gun or anything , he even starts talking `` hey mr. white that was . . '' as if he was n't alone in a room with two people he tried to kill previously . 
  this is n't necessarily related to just the last episode but personally i did n't really enjoy how the show ended up being all about this small group of neonazis that did n't exist for the first 4 seasons except for 1 scene . 
  * bitches and moans *, 
  yeah it definitely is n't a popular opinion on reddit to say the last episode felt a bit rushed . 
  i went into more detail with some things i think they could have done better one post below this one , but overall the show was still fantastic . 
  i usually find that looking in a mirror is n't scary for me but kind of unsettling . 
  lsd usually gives me `` hd '' vision that looks hyper-realistic , so when i look in the mirror i can very clearly see every pore on my face , every hair coming out of my head and every eyelash crystal clear . 
  kind of gross to be honest but never really gave me a bad trip . 
  have you taken lsd ? 
  does it give you a similar feeling ? 
  ah this makes so much sense . 
  i always felt like lsd was a more `` speedy '' feeling than shrooms so the fact that mdma is your favorite and you did n't like shrooms due to the slow/heavy feeling totally makes sense . 
  yep that was my experience doing it when i was in highschool, 
  that makes sense but i 'm afraid it is n't as funny now that it 's been explained to me . 
  really ? 
  you do n't find it ironic that a post describing why everything written on reddit ca n't be trusted has been quoted , best-of 'd and is now being used as proof in arguments ? 
  it 's funny that you say that , i literally just a couple hours ago watched a few futurama episodes ( i have n't seen all of them ) and i found myself consistently saying , `` oh . . so that 's where thats from . '', 
  every time i heard something that is a popular catchphrase on reddit . 
  unfortunately i think there will always be these kind of annoying `` fads '' on reddit due to the fact that they have appeared/disappeared in the past . 
  people will keep using them until slowly more and more people get sick of it and it will be replaced by something more annoying . 
  it 's inevitable but i 'm still not comfortable with it . 
  stretch goals seriously fucking piss me off , and i strongly think kickstarter should start actively prohibiting them from being used . 
  only in * very * rare cases can they actually be legitamately applicable , like if a group of 4 people gets twice what they asked for maybe they can take longer off of work to add more features . 
  but that is n't what it 's used for at all . 
  instead it 's just a blatant carrot on a stick with features that most of the time i bet would be added in some capacity regardless of funding or just arbitrary distinctions that clearly are n't as valuable as their goal would suggest . 
  for instance there was a game asking about $ 30k and one of their stretch goals was an additional $ 5k for adding pets to the game , ( it was an rpg ) . 
  ** just fucking set your goal to what you want you scumbags !, 
  your pants should n't be affected by just a couple pixels . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ sick ^ ^ ^ ^ burn, 
   ** we ca n't trust redditors . 
  ** this site is an anonymous internet forum .
