  a little disappointed they have n't raised the player count in 11 years and who knows how many iterations of the game . 
  do n't use the fucking *** ding !, 
  *** sound effect every time an arrow pops up , it 's annoying . 
  otherwise good video , thanks . 
  how did you do it ? 
  that 's a good idea !, 
  in order to prepare for surgery / u/ak _ happy should just start smoking !, 
   i need 2,350 calories/day to gain at a reasonable rate . 
  do you mind if i ask how tall you are ? 
  i 've been trying to hit 3k/day and am still having trouble making any progress . 
  you seem upset . 
  also it 's not like these two shitheads are paying the $ 1.5 million , it 's getting sucked from the county taxes that everyone paid into . 
  could 've gone towards infrastructure , schools , police officer training . . 
  i think upvoting is more my speed . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  how do you think spider webs work ? 
  do n't all slaves want to be free ? 
  favorite comment of the day, 
  did you read the article ? 
  other than tv syndication it 's probably the best way they could release it , i 'm not sure what else you had in mind . 
  i 'm sure down the road it will probably appear on netflix and the like just as red vs blue has . 
  sponsorship offers them the highest revenue per viewer by far . 
  i feel like 90 % of that story had nothing to do with handjobs . 
  * grindr, 
  why would the others have to do with trump ? 
  that 's the point he 's making . 
   sanders is a pretty common name no ? 
  not as distinct as clinton or trump . 
  trump is a word . . 
  if anything it should be much more common in business names than the other two . 
   results suggested that only women 's attractiveness assessments of men as a long-term date increased for good storytellers . 
  storytelling ability did not affect men 's ratings of women nor did it affect ratings of short-term partners . 
  this does n't sound to me like men who are good storytellers are more attractive , it just sounds like women value good stories more than men . 
  i 'd be interested in a study that examined the same relationship with homosexual participants . 
  i 'd wager women who are perceived as good storytellers would be rated much more attractive than those who are n't , by gay women . 
  i am become wet , breaker of chains . 
  this obviously was n't in the us . 
  all us ships are required to have an emergency stick on board for just such situations . 
  well hopefully you are n't an underwater welder . 
  the ands ? 
  maybe 12 years ago . 
  had to let the comment age like a fine wine, 
  [ yup . 
  :( ] ( http://www.bizjournals.com/newyork/news/2014/09/18/new-york-apartment-dwellers-your-rent-pain-could.html ), 
  . . you never realized asmrtists was a pun ? 
  what did you think it was ? 
  is everyone just going to keep referring to him as tj as if that 's a normal thing people do ? 
  what is happening right now . . 
  this your way of saying you got dad ? 
  because it 's 10 times better . 
  how come some gamertags can start with a number it seems ? 
  interesting !, 
  any idea how long the reservation lasts ? 
  it charges everyone lol, 
  he said or a variant . 
  he could be going for xxxxx yolobat 4swag20 xx, 
  i already got em . 
  anyone, 
  tag, 
  jerk, 
  all solid gamertags right there . 
  i do n't think there 's any way to tell for sure when a gt gets released or if it will . 
  just guesses . 
  so now every name i type in is taken , anyone else having this issue ? 
  even shit like dad8wah8dayd0a is taken . 
  try different capitalization, 
  oh no , it got him . 
  obscure . 
  hmm . 
  not these ones though , these are the guest curtains . 
   not a cat fan at all, 
  why are you subbed to / r/aww ? 
  it 's like 85 % cat pics, 
  [ words ], 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  i mean it just does n't make sense . 
  like why mention it at all . 
  and on every other day !, 
  how is it different than tipping a waiter at a restaurant ? 
  they just do n't know how to play it, 
  how do 6 adults who make a living playing video games not realize over the course of 3 rounds that you can switch weapons . . not even mad , just amazed . 
  the first thing i do in a new game is fuck with the buttons to see what everything does . 
  was stoked to see them play this though , it 's a fun game . 
  click the tag and post what thread u tagged him in , id be interested, 
   they suffer something like 50 % fatality rate during hatching because they 're simply unable to break out of the shell, 
  that sounds like a very short , miserable life . 
  i just wonna slurp it all up and maybe put it in some potato soup mmmm, 
  fascinating . 
  pretty sure he means 390x , 2 months ago, 
  you guys should get a groupon or something . 
  yo this guy is awesome thanks, 
  nah man it 's a good show . 
  i 'm usually sat here thinking the same thing about rick & morty or adventure whatever the fuck , like how do cartoons get upvoted to the front page ? 
  but the last airbender is terrifically written/animated . 
  of course i 'm fairly young , but i 'm out of college so it 's not like i 'm a child . 
  you should check it out !, 
  why single out theists ? 
  thought i was in / r/atheism for a second . . 
  for real # 2 guy is at least a 6, 
  been trying to find it but neither of them streamed overwatch on monday .
