   the la, 
  * the the angels *, 
  is your dad a pirate ? 
   and he found some rather strange noises irritating : crumpling paper . 
  the microwave . 
  doorbells . 
  * strange *, 
  i appreciate you . 
  like another poster said you are thinking of the `` southern states '' , california is on the west coast of the us and where we keep most of our pretty people , in hollywood . 
  definitely go there if you come to the us again . 
  likewise if i visit the uk which city ( s ) should i go to ? 
  it 's just one of reddit 's more annoying fads . 
  it will eventually tire more people until the bulk of reddit begins making fun of / `` cringing '' at it much like we now do at `` i tip my hat to you '' or `` found this gem . . '' or `` you are a gentleman and a scholar '' which were all used seriously and unironically until people got sick of them . 
  we 're just in the first wave of cranky men being jaded . 
  output.output ( document , new fileoutputstream ( savefile ) ) ;, 
  not really, 
  our dog had issues with his anal glands as well , just needed some loosening up and everything was fine . 
  his name is colby . 
  ^ ^ ^ accept ^ ^ ^ me, 
  hey i 'm also coding games in java and was wondering if you knew of any particularly good websites or resources for java game dev stuff ? 
  also if you do n't mind me asking what if any libraries are you using in this , is it lwjgl ? 
  edit : forgot to say it looks really nice which is why i 'm asking these questions haha , good job !, 
   deem worthy of the `` cringe '' label, 
  * so meta *, 
  its just a black screen !, 
  you may/may not have been aware when you posted this , but this exact image hits the front of reddit about once every 2-3 months and each time is just a shit storm in the comments . 
  so it 's nothing against you personally . 
  ^ ^ ^ unless ^ ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ dirty ^ ^ ^ reposter, 
  cave of forgotten dreams for anyone interested , it 's pretty nifty . 
  the biggest example of this i think is blizzard who awesomely allows all starcraft 2 players access to the entire multiplayer-side of the expansion * heart of the swarm * while they are playing with a friend who has already purchased it . 
  edit : added expansion name, 
  it means attractive people started wearing them . 
  how can she slape !, 
  i like how playing dead seemed like a logical escape . 
  6th grade brain : `` well i 'm obviously not to blame for any of this , i 'm just over here * dead * . '', 
  how 'd ya do it ? 
  i give a fuck . 
  out of curiosity where did you grow up ? 
  internet  the internet, 
  `` some years ago '' is n't very colloquial where i live in the us at least . 
  `` now i am here ''  now here i am, 
  everything he said was correct and intelligible but if i was the nsa and spying on him it would be clear from that small post that he is n't from my neck of the woods . 
  send photo . 
   i do n't wan na get city-specific because it narrows down the ` rich-kid ' schools to about 3 or 4 . 
  lol okay, 
  holy shit i 'm lone wolf ? 
  that 's crazy !, 
  i do n't have a female username so unfortunately no dirty pics for me !, 
  im still waiting for it as well , id love to hear if you learn anything new, 
  did you make this ? 
  this is nice, 
  this is literally the kind of thing trp takes issue with , ironically . 
  burns ? 
  source ? 
  woah who said anything about weed ? 
  it 's not a real prank unless someone 's life is irreparably damaged, 
  it 's easy when you ca n't afford any food !, 
  it 's definitely in the governments interest to keep that widely available and accessible . 
  if you have this attitude please keep it to yourself as it helps no one and hurts everyone to perpetuate an idea of hopelessness . 
  i 'll be there with you buddy, 
  nice try government !, 
  ohh yeah now i remember haha , thanks, 
   scents, 
  sorry i 'm not usually a grammer nazi but you meant * cents , scents are the change in you 're pocket . 
  death ? 
  hm idk i feel like if i ever did it i would want to jump off something really tall like a skyscraper or a bridge , and those are pretty public . 
  though having recently watched * in bruges * i 'm not so sure that 's a good idea anymore . 
  ** request : ** the picture taken from behind the mirror of you taking a picture . 
  what did it say !, 
   reminds me of those fucking escort quests in wow where the pc walked at about 75 % so you had to run ahead , stop , wait , run ahead , stop , wait ... 
  * shudder *, 
  we do n't talk about those anymore . . 
  i was n't familiar with either library but had a buddy who said lwjgl was real easy to get into . 
  how different are they ? 
  i feel the same way , people with negative opinions like the one above should really just keep it to themselves . 
  it helps no one and hurts everyone to spread the idea of hopelessness . 
  do you think that the us government has way too much power of it 's own citizens and the citizens of the world ? 
  i think that was the joke . 
   part of the fun has been reinventing the wheel now and then, 
  i 've found that to be the case as well thus far in my little mini-project and have actually surprised myself with a couple of the functions i 've written to interact with opengl / lwjgl and simplify things . 
  the class you 've written seems quite nice and is similar to one i had been working on but still provides the same kind of weird bugs i encountered . 
  firstly the color i pass to your drawtext function then paints the entire screen/textures everywhere else in the program to that color , this was of course resolved by adding another line to set the glcolor3f back to 1,1,1 immediately after drawing the text . 
  a peculiar issue that i have no idea why it 's happening is that the text i draw using your class instead just appears as a rectangle . 
  meaning the longer the word the longer the rectangle is but there are no discernible characters in it . 
  very strange . 
  i voted libertarian last election . 
  i went in knowing my candidate would n't win , but i still felt good walking out knowing that i voted for the person who i thought was a best fit for the job of those running ( gary johnson ) . 
  also though parties other than dem/rep are a small minority , they still are already big enough to cause big changes in elections . 
  for instance if everyone who had voted for gary johnson had instead voted for mitt , he would have won the election by capturing a couple key swing states . 
  my guess is at this point anything released would only be technical or specific in it 's nature . 
  i mean at this point we can safely assume that the us gov is spying on everyone in the world through every means possible , so i 'm not sure what else could really be leaked unless there are specific plans for some kind of crazy movement or something . 
   marijuana smoke contains high levels of tar, 
  hey i 'm totally with you and get quite annoyed by some of my friends who constantly claim weed is the greatest medicine ever discovered , but how is this possible ? 
  while i agree with you and am glad that this could n't as easily be used to deter legalization efforts , since it really should be legalized , this kind of behavior by the parents ( teenagers ) is the effect of a new idea that smoking weed is a miracle medicine that ca n't possibly do any harm . 
  it 's people like this that will ruin legalization efforts because they are uneducated and unaware of the fact that just because smoking marijuana is n't as bad as smoking cigarettes does n't mean you should be blowing hits into a baby 's face . 
  i like it, 
  maybe a neighbor saw , but most likely it was tweeted about or posted to facebook . 
  idiots . 
  so i 've met a few girls who have had their nipples pierced , and two that had their clit pierced . 
  my question is , why ?
