  i was using ` drugs ' to refer to the finished vaccines , not necessarily a specific substance found within . 
  yah , you in ca ? 
  why is n't this the top comment ? 
  wow that was really well done . 
  i do n't agree with her assertion that only men commit rape / only women are raped , but she expressed her point in a great manner . 
  any new nsa or privacy stuff i should know about ? 
  this sounds like an american impersonation . . 
  i 've got you tagged as ` dummy ' . 
  you do n't seem too bad , maybe i 'll revise it to ` dad worked on an oil rig ' . 
  . . i need this . 
  [ it 's settled . 
   trying to spread hate toward black folk . 
  how can you tell he 's black ? 
  sauce ? 
  does n't tend to be too rare up in the bay area . 
  what 's weird about having sex with different people ? 
  i figured he was holding something and that we are seeing the object in his hand . 
  i get -5 and you get +4 , but without me this post would n't exist !, 
  such is the way . 
  thanks friend, 
  if you look at the severe decline of religion in the us over the past few decades i think it 's pretty clear what they meant . 
  okay now , let 's all be reasonable here . 
  obviously no one thinks he is lying for the fuck of it , but if you work for a company that just put out a product with which they have a tantamount investment in it 's success , do you find it unfathomable that they would try to get any positive pr they could ? 
  also people are probably skeptical because something incredibly similar to this happened with sim city , which funnily enough i just remembered is made by the same publisher as titanfall , where they claimed that they were doing ` server-side calculations so that the local machine did n't have to ' , turned out to be a bunch of bullshit . 
  i can get behind some friendly arguing, 
  ^ ( edit : holy cow i ca n't believe its actually cross coast gaming ! ), 
   your ignorance on the inherent differences between titanfall and sim city highlights the gargantuan chasm of what constitutes opinion and what would be considered factual . 
  but personally , i believe it 's willfull and i wouldnt be surprised if malice was your motivator . 
  . . are you serious ? 
  given the context , it was used correctly . 
  more so than your use of * retarded * . 
  i seem to have really struck a nerve in this sub with my seemingly innocuous comment . 
  i think titanfall is overall a great game , there 's some design choices i 'm not a fan of but i play it all the time and have fun . 
  i am not the person who started the discussion of whether or not they were lying , nor am i even claiming that they are if you read my post . 
  i 'm simply stating that it is naive to think it 's completely outlandish for a company to lie to increase profits when they have a proven track record of doing that in the past , among other scummy practices . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  do n't ever delete your reddit posts , in a couple years you 'll look back and your skin will crawl . 
  but yeah have a good one getting laid . 
  not really i feel like i just had a thesaurus thrown at me , you should really work on not sacrificing the clarity of your assertions in exchange for overly verbose terminology . 
  and even if that was n't the case and you wrote like a human being , i do n't understand what you are accusing me of . 
  do you think i 'm purposely trying to hurt the reputation of titanfall or something ? 
  i 'm not making any claims in my op , only that it is possible that they are lying , which in an article entitled `` the internet is very skeptical that this is real '' should n't blindside you . 
  it 's been an enlightening discourse , peewee . 
  okay . 
  but i think you are misunderstanding my point , which i fear is much less grandiose than you imagine . 
  a ) do you believe a company will lie , or bend the truth , for profits ? 
  b ) do you think that is a possibility in this situation ? 
  i do n't want to taint your answers with my own , but in my mind the answer to these questions is very clear and non-debatable . 
  which are you ? 
  i think reddit 's gone a bit overboard with this . 
   due to the amount of people that would have to be involved . 
  how many would have to be involved ? 
  think about how many people were involved in the murder of osama bin laden and no one knew it was happening until after it happened . 
  . . obviously ? 
   how many of those would honestly keep quiet about having to kill thousands of their own countrymen for no reason , no gain and to plunge the country into debt ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this happens every day with corporations , and not just in america . 
  of course the `` no gain '' part of your post does n't apply , but i think you mistakenly put that in there since it would n't apply to the september idea either . 
  think about all the shady business practices that go on in the food industry ( at a corporate level , looking at you nestle ) , and the pharmaceutical industry and others where there are million/billions being raked in by a select few , of course they wo n't say anything . 
  it 's similar to the financial collapse in 2008 , how it was revealed just in 2013 that a group of banks had conspired to make it happen on purpose and profit , that 's a clear and accurate example of how a small group of people can keep quiet about something that benefits them . 
  of course i 'm not agreeing with any conspiracy theories , but i think it 's incredibly naive to wave them away just because it is n't what most people currently believe . 
  to a my little pony board apparently . 
  i stopped there . 
  wow that was super interesting to see how much things have changed now . 
  the driver actually got out of his car in the pit , nowadays all 4 tires are swapped in something like 4 seconds . 
  something about how neatly organized this post is is oddly satisfying . 
  ca n't wait for playlisterbot to show up !, 
  well it is n't directly ` website ' coding but if you have 0 programming experience it will probably be beneficial for you to learn . 
  [ this was posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/20p19u/im_making_a_video_series_to_help_people_get_from/ ) just an hour ago in this very sub . 
  check out / r/gamedev , and specifically reach out to the folks who post in their weekly screenshot sunday threads , i 'm sure they 'd be willing to help out . 
  ign ? 
   i mean you could probably already tell from the google translate but hey here it is . 
  some people have no imagination . 
  thank you for being italian . 
  blah blah if i was n't poor blah blah gold . 
  nice job, 
  ** '' ** watch out . 
  regards , lookattherabbits . 
  oh no you 're being downvoted , i 'll save you !, 
  you 're getting causality mixed up with causation . 
  i prefer his version . 
  where do you find the time to do this ? 
  tagged as ` genius or dumbass ' . 
  what 's the eta on when i can know which for sure ? 
  good luck man !, 
  hope it turns out for the best !, 
  minimum wage in the us is $ 16,640.00 / year in the lowest parts of the country . 
  but let 's be honest , it probably is, 
  you and / u/picture _ of_a_spider should fuck, 
  . . joke ? 
  they can have it, 
  the video you linked is private . . 
  this is why i could never be an actor , i could never keep a straight face through that whole scene . 
  they 're $ 9 for a pack of 20 on my college campus . 
  fucking criminals . 
  100 % factually incorrect . 
  nice job, 
  or how about we stop scumbag companies from selling us mercury-filled glass ? 
  you are ignorant of some outliers , but for most of the population this is true . 
  what does that equate to in human sizes , a small ? 
  fuuuuuuuuuuu,
