   you should just learn more html and javascript . 
  that 's exactly what he 's here for . 
  statements like this are n't particularly helpful in that pursuit . 
  these comments . . is no one in this thread old enough to have been on the internet 5 years ago ? 
  wait 7 years . 
  wait hold on a sec . 
  11 years . 
  oh my god it 's not them it 's me , i 'm old now . 
  [ world horse war 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l30yiq3fn94 ) also just came out today !, 
   this is my first battlefield, 
  i guess battlefield 1 is a good place to start . 
  how are you liking it ? 
  i agree , 10 cents is not an offer from a reputable company . 
  i 've actually done business on the other end of deals like this before , would you mind pm ` ing me the name of the website out of curiosity ? 
  typically the first ask might be ~ 85 % off dependent on the quantity sold . 
  nobody really knows how or why he works so hard it seems like he 's never got time, 
  yes , mike shinoda is one of the founding members . 
  why do people always say this instead of simply pm ` ing the person themselves ? 
  is it that they want to be seen trying to help and want upvotes ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  is wow worth playing now ? 
  i hit max level in wod and got bored pretty quickly . 
  this is actually the first expansion i did n't buy at launch . 
  north county . . swarth county ? 
  also where are you seeing we 're the largest ? 
  i do n't think we 're in the top 5 for size . 
  number 1 for craft breweries though . 
  despite their prolonged beaks , seagulls do not speak very good french . 
  you are not the target audience . 
  they 're marketing towards people who play video games who have always liked the * idea * of climbing actual rocks . 
  here you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_world_war_i, 
  it 's in civ v. 
   totally stay away if you have a daughter , son or any kind of human being in your life . 
  looks like i 'm in the clear !, 
  the congressional medal of ` you tried ', 
  * browses post history *, 
  ah yes , / r/cynicalbrit . 
  i knew i recognized that opinion somewhere . 
  i actually think monte grappa on operations ( in conq its fine ) and argonne forest may be some of the worst designed maps of the series , but what do i know . 
  the beta map is also pretty poor , but that 's just my opinion . 
  the st quentin scar and amiens are terrific . 
  the single player is kind of dumb i think but all of the battlefield 's replayablity has always been from multiplayer anyways . 
   i hated to beta map during the beta . 
  but now , something has changed , maybe it is that i have ~ ~ better ~ ~ weapons, 
  i think this does make a big difference for me . 
  thought it was the worst designed map in history during the beta , but it 's a little more fun now . 
  my main gripe with argonne forest is i guess less of an overall map design choice and more of the terrain . 
  i feel like every 3 feet i 'm having to jump over and slide down some weirdly shaped rock with inaccurate collision boundaries . 
  i just want to sprint somewhere without my screen bouncing up and down every 2 seconds or sliding down a hill or running into a tree . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i 'm trying each of the sticks 1 at a time now as you suggested , and so far each of them is coming up with errors . 
  is it really possible that multiple ram sticks are busted or is there something else that could be the cause ? 
  you sir are a gentlescholar and an ama . 
  camels always look so happy to be camels . 
  you and / u/playaspec ( and anyone else reading this ) should watch the documentary * mitt * on netflix !, 
  it 's a netflix original and is very well made , the romneys actually allowed a documentarian crew to follow them in back rooms , private meetings , hotel rooms , etc. 
  during the campaign and election , very cool to see the debacle from the other side . 
  sorry not terribly relevant but i just like telling people about that documentary . 
  nope . 
  tags like `` male enhancement '' within the body of the email ensure that whatever mailing service is receiving these documents will automatically mark them as spam . 
   his basic personality itself is n't that of someone who should be in charge . 
  he fumes any time someone makes a dig at him . 
  bad temper vs a criminal . 
  you guys must have some pretty fucked up morals in canada , but i guess that should be evident seeing as the mayor of your biggest city was a crack addict who died at 46 . 
  you 're a little out there , man . 
  that 's why i write down the serial numbers of every dollar bill i have . 
  oh man i 've actually run across a couple of those in airports before . 
  totally forgot that was a thing . 
  look at the thread you 're in for starters . 
  cheating in any part of the election cycle should be grounds for disqualification in my opinion ; and she has done it at multiple levels ( colluding with the dnc against bernie , getting questions ahead of time , etc ) . 
  i never thought i 'd say this but i really do hope so . 
  [ san diego reporting in ] ( http://sandiegochargersnfltickets.com/images/news/sandiegochargerscheerleaders.jpg ), 
  she 's actually a pretty lady , according to her website . 
  would you mind giving the name or a link to one of these ` crash course tutor ' companies ? 
  i 'm also working in this space and have never considered working with local universities . 
  thanks !, 
  as someone in a similar boat to you ( though with a couple less clients and no website ) , why did you decide to incorporate ? 
  was it just a necessary step so that you could hire other tutors ? 
  thanks for the awesome post and hello from ca !, 
  ah i see , thanks for the reply !, 
  what area of ca are you from and what made you move to ny ? 
  i 'm in san diego now ; went to college in sf . 
   family is all on the east coast but after living in sf rent prices i 'm in no hurry to experience that again in nyc . 
  dude what . 
  maybe i just really do n't understand the numbers , but if they had the money to buy/rent entire apartment buildings would n't they be able to live in something a little more extravagant than the same units they were renting ? 
  maybe this is obvious , but make sure you do not take them alone if you are inexperienced and using them in an attempt to cure your cluster headaches / u/inksday . 
  someone should definitely be with you . 
  [ uh oh ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/jerry-seinfeld-no-thanks-and-leave.gif ), 
   people buy iphones only to show wealth, 
  same in my country . 
  i 'm in the us . 
  in my experience it seems like genuinely weird and unusual stuff is more likely to happen around you when you are under the influence of psychedelics . 
  strange how that works . 
  that 's because you 've never felt comfortable enough in your own skin to let loose and do something silly !, 
  paging / r/botsrights, 
  [ horse war 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l30yiq3fn94 ), 
   thats like forcing everyone to pay for netflix by law . 
  not really . 
  netflix is a private corporation . 
  the bbc is government-funded .
