  `` my little sister with cerebral palsy is graduating . '', 
  * clicks picture *, 
  read the second half after , but it was a confusing few seconds . 
  congrats to your sister !, 
   i co-manage the warriors to work program at the wounded warrior project . 
   i know the conundrum you are facing . 
  what is the easiest way to just get the word out to the world that i will work for just enough money to cover my living expenses ? 
  i 'm a college student whose tuition / food / housing is paid entirely by financial aid and is homeless during the summer , i 've responded to maybe 60 craigslist help wanted ads as well as progressing to a few interviews but have had no luck . 
  surely there must be someone in the world who can you use a strapping young fellow like myself with years of programming experience and a teaching internship under his belt , but how do i find them ? 
  sure but that is n't a joke , op must have told it wrong . 
  there 's no misdirection , were people thinking like `` hm i wonder how dead babies could paint . '', 
  yeah you do n't have to downvote me i 'm just saying it 's not really a joke , there 's no punchline or anything funny . 
  pretty sure the mama bear was the one that was just right . 
  just googled it and 2 of the first sites say ' 3 to 7 minutes ' , only one said '14 minutes ' . 
  so . . do you have any sources other than porn ? 
  seconded, 
  that 's a felony , bro . 
  sex and pancakes . 
  joseph ? 
  wtf ? 
  paralyzed, 
  are you the hulk ? 
  with no arms ? 
  for some reason i imagined keeping your arm up for so long would make it buff as fuck , not diminish in size . 
  why do you feel you 're owed anything from people you 've never known ? 
  you can follow accounts on snapchat . . ? 
  i 'm afraid that statement is aladeen . 
  ace ventura, 
  til, 
   i applied to like 5 and no call back and went through all 5 shitty questionnaire lol ... 
  i seriously think it 's because i 'm white . . 
  i live in a heavily black/hispanic neighborhood, 
   short story : called in about job at mcd , lady told me to just come down and fill an application , saw me and said sorry we ran out of forms . 
  call later , job is filled . 
  i think they assumed i was from the suburbs and spoiled so i would n't do work . 
  at least that 's my theory, 
  yup same experience here , it bugs me that it 's supposedly so easy to get a job at mcd that it 's funny , i applied twice and never received a response . 
  white 19 year old male . 
  i vote yes , it seems like it would be a good change for the community . 
  you could learn a thing or two , j0be !, 
  why did you name yourself cgp grey and not cgp gray ? 
  . . i do n't see a net neutrality billboard campaign page . 
  the difference would be one side is legally backed and the other is life in prison if they survive . 
  not to mention most armed assailants are n't looking to attack someone who is armed , it 's much more likely they will attempt to victimize someone who is unarmed so that they have complete control over the situation without having to exercise any skill in shooting or commit murder . 
  that 's what he said, 
  backdoor sluts ix, 
  you 're in an ama about the driver of the * dogecar * , do n't act like you 're above the word ` feels ' . 
   please bear with me, 
  rawr, 
  the human mind is incredible . 
  lol, 
  i think the idea would be that tensions never fully went down since the beginning of the cold war . 
   they need a competitive rank like halo 2, 
  this x 1000 . 
  all of my fondest memories of online gaming are from halo 2 , and their matchmaking system / ranks were great . 
  of course once you got to the very far upper tier it was plagued by ` standbyers ' and modders , but their ranks were nice , simple and clean . 
  you would join a lobby and if you were in your 30s you would think `` shit this guy is level 41 , he must be really good . '', 
  it also made matches fucking crazy when you were say level 36 with a bunch of your level 30 - 40 friends and the game was down to 49 - 49 , i do n't know how i did n't have a heart attack . 
  ` grunt ' he says . 
  do you even go here ? 
  yeah i agree , but do n't expect too many people to be familiar with the good old halo games . 
  from a quick cursory search , there is already a lot of personal information available about you online , so if you are really serious about it i would be more cautious . 
  wonna talk about it ? 
  i 'm also a guy , we can be friends . 
  we all are man , i ca n't believe in just a few short years i 'll be done with high school . 
  makes you realize how short life really is , huh ? 
  god dammit, 
  no problem man how 's it going ? 
  we can talk briefly here because someone else may have some more helpful responses . 
  42.42 , for starters . 
  really it 's only because he was overweight that it 's cringey , just like everything in high school . 
  if it 's said/done by someone of moderate attractiveness or popularity it 's totally fine . 
  meh , my buddies and i would say it ironically on occasion , we had no issues with girls . 
  hm , weird . 
  we had totally different high school cultures i guess , and i just graduated not that long ago . 
  edit : you 're not from the west coast , are you ? 
  pretty sure it was part of the act , and also what pdfxm said . 
  to get offended by it is absolutely ridiculous . 
  it probably would have been easier to actually explain what it was in reference to , and would have eliminated the need for the other poster to come in and explain 5 minutes after you made your post . 
  i 'm alright, 
  stuff you rather not have on reddit i presume , honestly just google has stuff , as well as cherry picks specifically identifying posts on reddit . 
  jesus at that point you 've got ta be wondering , what is really the point of covering up like a 2 inch spot when the rest of you is completely naked ? 
  like she has something different than any other woman, 
   problem is the fit . 
  it 's pretty loose on you especially around the waist , and also a little long . 
  see how it `` flares out ? '', 
  it should n't do that . 
  tucking it in might alleviate the problem somewhat . 
  as a real tall and skinny guy , all of my shirts flare out like this , do you know of any ( hopefully not incredibly expensive ) retailers that sell to the tall/thin ? 
  thanks !, 
  we 've got similar height/weight , i 'm a tad taller/heavier , buying clothes is a nightmare haha . 
  do you have any recommendations for places that do mtm shirts or is it mostly local shops ? 
  not sure which he was referring to but war of the worlds was a solid movie . 
  . . microsoft makes windows , are you all gaming on macs ? 
  yeah i think i might actually watch it again sometime soon . 
  cruise was good but dakota fanning was excellent as well . 
  that 's kind of funny actually, 
  i think it 's even stranger to have every reddit account automatically subscribed to a subreddit about women . 
  it 's no doubt an attempt to pander to female users to make them feel welcome , but is this really the best way to do it ? 
  i think if anything they should have defaulted / r/askmen and / r/askwomen as that allows a gender balance , and removed / r/askscience because there 's already enough asking subreddits and i 'm sure they do n't enjoy all the new users who do n't know the rules anyways .
