  oh i 've no intention of checking out soon , just looking for a little extra kick in the liquor . 
  when i went to that wikipedia article the first thing i did was look at the chemical compound in the top right , reminds me of santa . 
  also if the dude poisoned the pets on purpose that 's pretty fucked up . 
  do they like bark a lot and keep people up at night or something ? 
  cuz if it 's just like a goldfish i do n't see why anyone would want to poison it . 
  your nieces and nephews are older than you ? 
  kill / fuck / fuck / kill / marry . 
  ** the patriarchy is alive and well !, 
  every time i have an original idea . . it 's been done already . 
  *** darfinnn and whaarrreee !!!, 
  because being the ideal weight is n't always possible for 100 % of the population , smoking is . 
  edit : oh shit the swing has happened , started at +3 and am now -6 . 
  i 'll take my downvotes like a man , i have another post below as well . 
  i do n't know what you 're imagining , but there are n't just sumo wrestlers walking down the street going shopping every couple blocks , it 's an extremely rare and dedicated lifestyle . 
  that 's like saying america is really against firing people out of cannons , but yet we still have circuses . 
  i 've been trained in the art of calculus for a few years as well , one of those years resulted in a d - . 
  do n't fuck with me . 
  yes you are correct , but because it 's not always possible for even a small percentage of the population people are more sensitive about pushing it so strongly . 
  imagine if a country were to heavily promote the activity of running in it 's culture , `` running is the best thing you can do with your body , we 've been doing it for thousands of years and is the peak of physical prowess . 
  if you do n't run , you should be ashamed '' . 
  then you have war veterans coming home without legs , people who get in car accidents and ca n't walk , etc. 
  who are basically being told by society and uneducated people that because they ca n't run they should be ashamed or take better care of their bodies . 
  grossmanburnfoundation . . 
  damn if the camera was just an inch lower in the first pic . . 
  what i 'm trying to get at is that really it should n't matter to you or anyone else what other people look like . 
  people look the way they do for a myriad of reasons , not all of which are up to the person to control . 
  if you must shame something , shame the idea of people not living up to their maximum potential , shame people who make choices to actively lead an unhealthy lifestyle ( smoking ) , and shame people who are able to lead physically active lives ( example above : able bodied people ) but choose not to . 
  do n't shame a specific physical appearance that is the end result of too many variables to account for , not all of which are controllable . 
  i hope that makes sense , unfortunately the reddit hivemind is very uninterested in hearing any dissenting opinions on this topic , and as my first two replies to you are now in the negative i think i 'll stop posting in this thread since it seems to be bothering people . 
  so i 'm pretty sure i 've only ever seen the first ` season ' plus all the movies . 
  what series do you think is best for me to watch ? 
  edit : so i just checked and apparently there 's a lot more movies than i thought . 
  i 've only seen mewtwo , entei , celebi and deoxys , so which movie do you think is the best other than those ? 
  lol id do the same thing if i were this guy , must suck to know that all your communications and internet is being watched by the us gov though . 
  in some of the later episodes it covers transitioning the project to the new lwjgl 3 , which forces new rendering methods . 
   yes , i can get pregnant while already pregnant but it 's very very rare . 
  i 'm sorry but . . does that mean it 's happened to you at least once before ? 
  i 've heard once a day is a generally healthy number , but yeah pretty sure other schedules are n't directly * harmful * . 
  though consistently 9 days apart seems a tad extreme , i 'd be interested to know how much that person ate and how much they weighed . 
  are you now or have you ever been a horse ? 
  that sounds like a pretty rare occurrence . . was it an anesthesiology fuck up ? 
  me too !!!, 
  i 'm so light skinned i can still see it like 12 years later , but it 's shrank considerably . 
  i like to imagine my body is just ever so slowly breaking it down and that one day soon it 'll give me some type of inoperable cancer . 
  was looking for more pictures . 
  sad mode : [ engaged ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2kgngj/my_new_rescue_gray_just_stretching_it_out/ ), 
   i hate having to ask for upvotes , but that is the only way this is going to get around . 
  please , please upvote this so it will get around . 
  just fyi it 's not that asking for upvotes is `` frowned upon '' , it 's actually against reddit 's tos . 
  hope grey is found safely and returned soon . 
  not at all a bay area thing . 
  \\  picture on reddit front page about gender differences, 
  `` from ** zero ** to feminist '', 
   people outside the eu ( americans ), 
  as an american , this is how i view the world as well . 
  i 'm sorry but would you mind going into more detail with this waves solution ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  i registered an account and assume [ this ] ( http://www.waves.com/plugins/deesser#scheps-deessing-guitars-and-cymbals ) is the plugin i want so i clicked download demo and i guess it activated some 7 day license but did n't actually download anything . 
  i looked at the downloads and could n't find an actual waves application for windows 64 bit , just sound mixer platforms etc. 
  would you mind pointing me in the right direction from here ? 
  optionally if you are familiar with audacity would you mind going into a how multiband limiters would work ? 
  there does n't appear to be an effect for that by default so i guess i would have to download a plugin for audacity to get that going as well . 
  sorry for the noob questions , thanks for your help !, 
  you can see he hotwires it , there are a bunch of internal wires pulled out of the dash to the ( our ) right of the steering wheel . 
  it 's seen more clearly in the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itwuzav-ely&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
   you guys still have no respect for the dead . 
  i 'm sure he does n't mind . 
  has it gone too far though ? 
  i figured he grew up to be [ harvey dent 's stunt double ] ( https://anuradhapathania48.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/harvey-dent-two-face-hospital-bed.jpg ) . 
  there 's a reason they do n't show anything below the neck in that scene . 
  they can afford to travel \\ ^, 
  what is a pi in this context ? 
  also if you do n't mind me asking , what nationality were the girls , all american ? 
  welcome to the past !, 
  sorry to see your comment got some downvotes there , i upvoted you though !, 
  again , it sounds like you would enjoy / r/theredpill , you should try checking out some of the threads over there . 
  you 're looking at naomi campbell . 
  that 's 50 * cent * ? 
  damn he got expensive . 
  i 've had res for like 2 years now and still do n't know how to make the faces . 
  i 'll take 1 celebrity life please , to go !, 
  wow thanks !, 
  what if she just did n't know how to swim ? 
  too late . 
  if that source is n't solid science , i do n't know what is . 
  it 's not all its cracked up to be . 
  i just looked like a slightly ugly version of myself , it really brings attention to all of the seemingly unnoticeable pores on your face and magnifies them . 
  friends have had similar experiences but as always , ymmv, 
  seriously some of the comments on these links make me question my sanity at times . 
  it 's just a video of some dead dude , you do n't even see him die . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's weird for me to not have the same visceral reaction people seem to be having , or weird that people are getting so worked up about a video on youtube of some dude they never met being a skeleton . 
  i have you tagged as an eve player , you should know all about investing lots of time into something for little return . 
  it 's not a matter of moral authority but actual incompetence . 
  you would n't want a dentist with no teeth or a 500 pound man as your olympic trainer . 
  if a country ca n't hold itself to a certain standard , people are kidding themselves if they think there would be any benefit to be had by intervening in another country 's affairs to hold them to a standard we ca n't even meet . 
  this goes for every political post this bullshit argument is posted in about `` just because we do it does n't mean it 's not wrong . '', 
  sure they 're both wrong , but that does n't mean we should be meddling with other people 's shit . 
  off the top of my head , a 5 years wage at the victims highest achieved level of pay seems fair . 
  but i do n't really think we should have paid anything because no amount would have everyone say `` okay this seems like fair compensation for blowing up my mother/brother/etc '' . 
  but we should have been more careful about shooting down planes obviously .
