  ctrl + f ghosting, 
  it is terribly loud , my friends think i 'm crazy, 
  you should seriously consider using imgur for imags, 
  yeah i 'm unable to load them but i saw the video and it looks pretty awesome !, 
  i wish the world was a bit brighter but i suppose that 's all creative liberties , looks like a fun game !, 
  wow this looks really polished , good job !, 
  you should consider uploading some images to imgur and posting them here if you want more lazy redditors to view them . 
   that fan has been known to tear down walls with a single gust . 
  it 's my guess that it was forged on mount olympus at the hands of a chained titan . 
  everything checks out , you definitely work for blizzard customer service . 
  do it !, 
  that sounds super interesting and i 've always wanted to meet the general of the anonymous army !, 
  now tagged as adam, 
  what if i do n't need to pee right when i get up though ? 
  he 's right , it 's probably a pretty niche job where your boss would walk by and be 100 % fine with you being on reddit.com during working hours but reprimand you for watching a gif of some slutty musician perform on stage . 
  oh , * this * picture again . 
  and this time op has 0 submissions to / r/askscience so that 's , something . 
  still does here in the uk . 
  often used instead of cigarette where i 'm from , coming from the fact that the packed tobacco is like a bundle of sticks . 
  was this from today or last night ? 
  hey man do n't listen to the reddit teddy bears . 
  you did the right thing , keep killing fags like that, 
  where is that ? 
  i want a mosin : c, 
  i 'd be wary about joining `` no kos '' servers . 
  i imagine they 're similar to `` noobs only ! '', 
  servers in battlefield that are filled with level 150 's . 
  wow look at everyone bitching about the graphics . 
  as someone who plays on a laptop all these people can fuck right off, 
  holy fuck did you just write all this ? 
  nice job, 
  just passed it about 10 minutes ago , did n't find one . 
  : c next time hopefully, 
  christ every top comment is fawning over this guy . 
  i do n't know how he puts up with it . 
  whats that, 
  that 's actually pretty gross, 
  ah thanks, 
  somebody made me buy it and i was n't informed of what i was getting into . 
  not all of us are playing with fucking seal team six , if i can somehow convince my two retarded pistol-wielding friends to just stay close together when we go in a city i 'll be happy, 
  yeah and it makes sense that those people would be the first to die since they ca n't outrun the zombies . 
  good idea, 
  yeah but to be fair it was in response to the other guy not you . 
  you keep doing your thang, 
  that 's deep, 
  what does that mean ? 
  where was it addressed ? 
  i second this, 
  that was always fun , spending an hour getting a group together and then convincing two people to get to the stone to summon people just to find out no one had the key . 
  you just were n't fast enough, 
  whats that mean again ? 
  seriously , as someone who claims to be a journalist and makes videos like this , saying something like , `` alright i 'll give you a chance to say why you 're here and i wo n't say anything . '', 
  and then immediately interrupting them to disparage them is pretty fucked . 
  thanks, 
  that guy is warlizard from the warlizard gaming forums, 
  have you tried posting to the official warlizard gaming forums ? 
  ** keep scrolling **, 
  as long as they do n't [ cover their meat in nair ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1llu2u/what_is_the_worst_thing_youve_done_to_your_body/cc0j7an ) it should all pan out . 
  i never played the mod much and i 'm no expert at the sa so i 'm not really in any position to speak about the `` terms '' that are used in this game such as bandit . 
  but for what it 's worth , i too think there is a clear distinction between people who kill unarmed players and those who get into firefights at contested zones . 
  terrible way to pose the question however, 
  i hate myself for understanding what this title is saying, 
  why does everyone keep labeling this graph for blood types all wonky , it makes no sense to me why the 1 label of `` recipient '' is placed right where it could be construed to mean either the vertical or horizontal data values . 
  very confusing . 
  sounds fake but til you can wake up from unconsciousness , i thought it required another player, 
  sweet thanks for the tip, 
  where can i see it ? 
  * facepalm *, 
  if you punched one guy in the room and proceeded to sprint in circles i 'm pretty sure they all would have killed eachother . 
  i 'd buy it if the a was n't fucked up with the silhouette, 
  yeah this is probably the moest aggravating glitch in the game other than character deletion . 
  unfortunately i have n't been able to find out exactly why/when it happens but it appears that logging out will kind of set a `` checkpoint '' so that at least you ca n't be returned to before that location . 
  a very imperfect fix of course , but if you have to run say 2 miles , log out every .5 miles are so and re-login if the glitch is happening often . 
  it seems there are spikes when the glitch will continuously reset you over and over and other times it wo n't happen at all . 
  best of luck, 
  good thing you provided a screenshot showing neither, 
  that 's the point . 
  that is hilarious i ca n't believe i have n't seen it before, 
  the beginning text was a little much but other than that i thought it was actually great , this is a video i 'll send to people who ask me about dayz . 
  reddit is my travel agent . 
  this almost seems fake , this code is so fucking dumb it 's like it was written to fail on purpose . 
  who the fuck is downvoting this ? 
  i 've been doing the same thing and it has worked for me as well, 
  wait a minute , i can make money helping kids compromise this shitty alpha netcode ? 
  where do i sell that stuff and how much did he pay ? 
  out of curiosity how do you open up the game files like this to where you can read the actual code ? 
  it looks like c++ or c in the original pastebin you linked , would i need to open something in mvs ? 
  this camera angle is so confusing to me . 
  ah now i see it , my brain thanks you haha, 
  right now i 'm planning on doing one more episode to finish off this short crash course into java and then will probably start a new series after that which deals with more complex graphics-based games , where we wo n't be able to finish an entire game each episode as instead we 'll be adding a new feature/part of the game each episode . 
  what do you think of that idea ? 
   real life is pretty easy if you are able to spend money on early access games, 
  i like it, 
  what 's the name of the epic battle song ? 
  my goal is for anyone who was able to follow the first four videos to be able to stay with us for the next videos as well . 
  if anything the videos will actually be covering a bit less content per video but going into more detail so the difficulty should n't be considerably higher than what 's already been out , it will just be a lot of new concepts and will take a bit longer to show final results . 
  glad you enjoy them !, 
  it ended the same way all of my encounters end in dayz . 
  i liked the in-sync wobbling while sprinting haha, 
   have only mentioned wanting to be a default sub once .
