  math is really all about modeling anyway . 
   people eat other people because they revert to or are savage humans with very little intelligence . 
  nope . 
   people fuck little girls because they revert to or are savage humans with very little intelligence . 
  nope . 
  great as always , i tend to enjoy these more than the actual podcasts at times . 
  xb one, 
   you can leave the gun at home , but you ca n't leave the gay there . 
  pretty sure that 's what most people in that situation did for centuries actually . 
  pretty sure the bakery owners were n't asking each customer if they were gay before processing their order . 
  the couple who were refused service were likely making open remarks and mannerisms to indicate their sexual nature just as someone carrying a rifle would be indicating their objective to assert their right to open carry . 
  not saying i agree with the denial of service , just that you 're wrong about the nature vs choice thing in this context . 
   we have 4.7 murders per capita, 
  this does n't seem right . . 
   even if your ~ ~ sexual orientation ~ ~ firearm is concealed , it does n't mean you do n't have it . 
  people reacting fearfully to open carry are just like those reacting negatively towards other lifestyles they do n't agree with . 
  a man could walk into a store and be secretly carrying a weapon or of a certain sexual nature and no one would know , but as soon as either of those become immediately apparent to the people around him some people will react poorly to either case . 
  hm , is that legal in the us ? 
  i 'd be interested to buy some deodorant or lip balm partially made with poppy seeds , bet it would feel great . 
  i would n't joke about that some people actually believe that sub is evil . 
  disagree, 
  you are correct . 
  can confirm . 
  source : have satan . 
   we received certificates and scholarships , though i did n't claim my scholarship . 
  fucking up . 
  it 's so they can give scholarships to blacks , hispanics and certain ethnic minorities bro . 
  if you 're not white you best state your race though or you 're missing out on some serious scholarship opportunities . 
  clearly , but you are n't bringing about any change by fucking with the check boxes on a test . 
  if racism truly bothers you try speaking to the public about why you think blacks should n't get scholarships whites ca n't apply for and you 'll see how hard fighting racism really is . 
  true , though i think only certain subcategories . 
  i like this joke . 
  your first one sucked . 
  qualitative reasoning in a situation which requires quantitative data . 
  brb going to philippines, 
  i 'm sorry but i think this line of thinking is ridiculous . 
  especially -, 
   because the probability is more or less irrelevant . 
  the only logical thing to do is take precautions to prevent it . 
  [ is this you ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxc57raae8s ), 
  i have a question . 
  i 'm an american currently learning japanese , which obviously uses a different set of characters . 
  how are you able to so easily switch between roman/korean ^ ( ? ), 
  characters while typing , is it a special keyboard or program ? 
   i do to . 
  ^ ^ fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, 
  cool thanks for the assistance , i have a pc but there is an analagous option in the control panel . 
  i guess a follow up would be , what do you do if there are more korean characters than there are letters on your english keyboard ? 
  how long did it take you to learn which letter corresponded with each new character , i feel like that would be hard without being able to look down and see the korean character there . 
  says the electrician . 
  great , thanks so much !, 
  i for one appreciate these xur videos, 
  this is some next level shit . 
  holy shit what country ? 
  if i started right now i could probably murder 4 - 5 people and still die a free man . 
  it 's idiots like this who discredit the people talking about actual risks associated with vaccinations , what a moron . 
   the entire anti-vax movement , which has resulted in incredible harm worldwide . 
  do n't suppose you have a source ? 
  ** this is why i read the r/funny comments , enjoy gold you hilarious bastard !, 
  i bought it , kind of peeved it is n't showing up . 
  edit : there it is, 
  dude you just do n't get how funny it is !, 
  someone asked an either/or question , and he said ** yes !, 
  so what 's the difference between prince and easier ? 
  the grass is always greener i suppose . 
   uber is shocking . . 
  it 's almost shocking . 
  * - stillwatersrunfast 2014 *, 
  people still hitchhike who are n't afraid of the 1 in 10,000,000 chance of getting picked up by a weirdo . 
  / r/hitchhiking, 
  i imagine the same people with a fear of hitching are the same as those who would n't dare let their child play in the front yard without them watching or walk to middle school down the street alone . 
  you can see a picture of your driver before they show up , as well as ratings from previous people who have been driven by the individual . 
  though personally i think a lot of the fear of cab drivers comes from young women who think ` eww this dude is creepy ' because he 's just old or does n't speak english well , but there you go . 
  could 've been in japan . 
  money !, 
  i was murdered . 
  your claim :, 
   my girlfriend is n't creeped out by old people who do n't speak english well, 
  the details of your post :, 
  - `` 40 year old '', 
  - `` czechian '', 
  - `` passed-his-prime '', 
  np , it 's worth looking into . 
  the app is free and depending on your area lyft might also be an option , which i prefer due to the generally lower prices ( at least where i live ) . 
  fair , but you have to admit it 's kind of funny given that he starts his post explicitly saying she 's * not * afraid of older/foreign people but then unnecessarily describes their age/ethnicity one sentence later . 
   since birth, 
  pretty sure even the great witty redditors ca n't come up with jokes this guy has n't heard in the past ~ 20 - 30 years, 
   you realize the penis evolves from the clitoris in development, 
  you 're speaking of a different kind of evolution . 
  did n't asperger 's just get added to the autism spectrum or is it the other way around ? 
  * dat proof . 
  and to think i feel superior to people because i raided in bc . 
  compared to the people in that raid i 'm just a newb . 
  your loot never ceases to disappoint me , xur . 
  edit : [ here is a video showing his spawn / the loot he is selling ] ( http://youtu.be/gqumxgdt5s8 ), 
  edit 2 : also if you are wearing your jack-o-lantern helm you can buy the * flight of shadows * for 1 coin !, 
  i think you guys are far overestimating a cat 's intelligence . 
  i have you tagged as [ ` bites off dicks ' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/22ltuv/what_are_the_unspoken_laws_of_sex_nsfw/cgo4a3u ) so i 'm inclined to believe you in this situation . 
  it 's not supposed to be funny .
