  it 's broken up into 3 episodes , and one entire episode is spent showing how leukemia went from what was considered a death sentence to becoming something almost always treatable . 
  i 'm glad there are people out there doing this kind of work so i can stay home and make youtube videos . 
  flope was my slave name . 
  call me , robocock . 
  was this in small town southern ohio ? 
  * red lady music starts playing *, 
  too old . 
   looks like the giant us ship has the same sort of thing . 
  guns ? 
   i 'm old enough to have seen the selfie trend start from pretty much nothing, 
  so you 're at least 16 ? 
  y' all like to focus on the negatives of us history it seems . 
  source ? 
  thanks for the update !, 
  how are people not getting this ? 
  . . so you intend to use your software for evil ? 
  am i being whooshed ? 
  get off his dick jesus christ . 
   this was easily solved by writing a replacement library ( which i did , and it 's got about 800k downloads now ), 
  that 's neat can i see it ? 
  we 'd see some more nifty photos of faraway galaxies . 
   the hunt for red october, 
  worth reading ? 
  does it hold up ? 
  both hands are n't down at 6:30 . . 
  [ found this in op 's post history for those of you who like `` seafood ''  ] ( https://i.reddituploads.com/6c43191699414489a959be0187430fec?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=dc67264b82f177b785f4ece82689d86b ), 
  damn , i live literally 1 freeway exit from pendleton . 
  was this last year ? 
  post the pictures !, 
  holy shit i did not notice there was another person in the car . 
  i 'm / r/all and what is this, 
  for all intents and purposes the businesses are identical . 
  what about a burqini ? 
  northwest us ? 
  close, 
  great response , thanks . 
  did you find the book engaging ? 
  my buddy and i run a couple channels that have ~ 30k subs between them . 
  i like what i 'm hearing on your channel . 
  i know this is n't specifically what you made the thread for , but i wonder what your policy is on using your music in other youtube videos . 
  perhaps the attribution in videos on our channel could drive more people to your music ? 
  pm me if interested , and keep up the good work . 
   this guy who is against it is an illegal grower, 
  source ? 
  i thought i was hungover all of yesterday but woke up this morning and am now thinking i actually have the flu . 
  this is n't relevant at all but i feel like death and i wanted to complain . 
  not trying to be rude or a troll here ... but . . is this guy like actually mentally challenged ? 
  okay i want to buy one , but i want to know how you blow this thing up ? 
  does it come with a pump included ? 
  you should get a tattoo of the girl with the dragon tattoo . 
  [ source ] ( http://nypost.com/2015/11/01/is-jimmy-fallons-partying-getting-out-of-hand/ ), 
  c 's get degrees !, 
  only takes a few seconds to step in the bathroom or around a corner of the kitchen for a bump . 
  [ did you really make all these ? 
  ] ( http://outer-court.com/ ), 
  also sick username , bro . 
  respect . 
  he 's saying in general . 
  it 's like saying euro cars are smaller than american ones . 
  are you going to throw a fit because you 're the only guy in your neighborhood who happens to drive a fucking tank ? 
  christ the old empire can get salty . 
  it 's that bin near his tv . 
  love that subreddit , long time subscriber . 
  [ `` fits just fine '' ] ( http://cdn.gurl.com/wp-content/gallery/ealry-00s-guys/baggy-pants-guy.jpg ), 
  i have a stupid question and maybe / u/upvote _ atm could chime in as well . 
  how the fuck do you physically move these things around ? 
  i found one on craigslist and after talking to the guy and asking the weight he said it 's 280 pounds . 
  do you guys use any special equipment or just hire help or what ? 
   she stopped drinking liquor after that . 
  so your friend was right , she is a pussy . 
  bro we all want to know just edit your comment, 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  word from the wise here , do n't start a channel with a partner unless it 's absolutely necessary . 
  i 'd suggest finding someone you could pay on a video-by-video basis to animate whatever it is you 're imagining . 
  if you lack the funds to pay someone i would look for someone in your existing friend group or one layer beyond that , or someone who has an intense passion for what exactly you 'll be working on . 
  but you likely wo n't find that person on / r/entrepreneur, 
  best of luck, 
  are you accepting mentees ? 
  awesome story , thanks for sharing . 
  always refreshing to hear from brick & mortar business owners when usually this site is flooded with saas/consultant wannabes . 
  my state just raised the smoking age to 21 , and i know others are thinking of this as well . 
  my question is how do you feel about the changing climate in regards to smoking in the us ? 
  with more pushback from health organizations , vaping alternatives gaining popularity , and marijuana legalization creeping through states , do you have any specific plans on how you can either pivot or innovate in your business to compete with these new influences ? 
  again thanks a lot for posting , and congrats on the 10 years !, 
  `` here you go , we think you 'll hate this . '', 
  i do n't think it 's a british zombie so it seems alright . 
  the comments and dislikes on that video make me sad , i hate reddit sometimes . 
  well where is that battlefield map located ? 
  i think it 's pretty irresponsible to completely brush off that course , honestly . 
  it exists because often the people who do not actually know what a consenting person looks like are blissfully unaware that they fall into that category . 
  i 'm sure the people committing sexual assault were also rolling their eyes at the obviousness of the message being taught and the examples given . 
  just my opinion . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying , to be honest . 
  my point is that even though the message might be presented in a cheesy way , i 'm glad that the course exists and think that by brushing it off or saying it 's ridiculous people are unintentionally giving * some * people the idea that the message is ridiculous as well . 
  terminal ? 
  can you help us ? 
  woah why does he say `` president clinton , if you 're here , thank you '' ? 
  can this guy tell the future or something ? 
  what about otters and bears ? 
  intercepted !,
