   are you asking him to provide evidence of objective attractiveness ? 
  actually the opposite , but i think that was just a typo on your part . 
  and yes i would love to see some evidence that beauty actually is in the eye of the beholder , as it seems to just be something we all like to believe in and like to say . 
  if you are a fan of louis ck i 'd liken it to one of his `` little believies '' that he has but he likes to think he believes but it does n't really have any action on his life . 
  the reason i ask is i actually have a final coming up in my philosophy of art class and we need to assert whether beauty is in the eye of the beholder or objective , and thus far i have seen a lot of evidence that points towards the latter with not much backing up the former . 
  as far as what another commenter said about `` everyone knows a guy who likes thick women '' , i would counter by saying that the weight is n't as important as the [ waist : hip ratio ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waist%e2%80%93hip_ratio#measure_of_attractiveness ) , which seems to be a very accurate determination of attractiveness whether someone is 90 pounds or 300 pounds . 
  i responded to the commenter below you [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/1r4zzb/selfacceptance_is_great_but_remember_the_reality/cdjt5ns ) and am curious what you think . 
  further ? 
   at sea level the horizon exists about 3 miles away . 
  so unless you were within 3 miles of antarctica you would n't be able to see it . 
  oooohh now i get it . . 
  ** hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha **, 
  lol she stopped replying to me i guess i scared her, 
  what the fuck ? 
  i thought i had seen them all, 
  that was really hard to watch . 
  i 'm on my phoneso ca n't look it up but we launched a capsule deep into space containing photos and drawings of what defines the human race in the event that some civilization finds it after we are destroyed . 
  we being a us president , i believe carter, 
  im breeeeaaking the haaaaabit toniiight, 
  people are n't taking this seriously enough , it 's already happening . 
  oh for sure , i was just curious since i did n't know what region of the world had a stereotype that california did n't have pretty women . 
  but it appears you were joking anyways , so i will ^ just ^ ^ fade ^ ^ ^ away, 
  that 's what i was thinking , like if a billion years from now some other civilization was struck by our capsule and it landed in a city or something , i could n't imagine what that society would do when opening it and seeing what we put in it , especially if their physical forms were far removed from us . 
  it would definitely spawn a whole new genre of science fiction films starring renditions of us , and what they believed us to be like . 
  could you go into more detail about this ? 
  i 'm not sure i entirely understand , for real, 
  ha , his face at the end makes it perfect . 
  great job , me !, 
  that would be great !, 
  thanks !, 
  this is a perfect time to start building underground cities !, 
  we 're safe from everything except for earthquakes which would likely be 10x worse !, 
   if you 're not dealing with tornados then you 're worrying about floods , earthquakes , wild fires , hurricanes , blizzards , droughts , or landslides . 
  you know those terrible droughts and landslides that just wipe out entire towns in the us . 
  okay , when have you really ever seen or heard of any place in the us being at all affected by a drought ? 
  no i did n't know that , which is exactly my point haha, 
  i 'm legitimately surprised by the amount of downvotes my underground cities idea has garnished , i always thought it was a cool idea ever since i was a kid . 
  do i get some sort of award ? 
  to be fair my submission was removed by the nazi-mods at 2500 upvotes , so you were probably safer . 
  mind blown, 
  there 's nothing really to answer everyone is just calling him an idiot, 
  same resume but can start immediately , you can message me here on this reddit account , potential employers . 
  reddit is banned behind the great firewall, 
  exactly , china has a rough history with substance abuse it 's no wonder they will not tolerate anything that could push them back in that regard . 
  i feel like i 've heard this story before , have you posted it to reddit previously ? 
  yup that 's what i was thinking of . 
  good detective work !, 
  why ?? 
  you must be messaging people some shady shit , my phone messages go back years for everyone . 
  hm , have you ever had a conversation where someone was like , `` no i never said i would pick you up at the airport '' or `` what did i say that would make you think i like jim ? '' . 
  having a recorded history is super helpful , if nothing else just to remind me of the last thing i was discussing with a person , or if the conversation last ended by them blowing off my texts so i know not to continue texting them . 
  also i kind of just use my texts as my contact list , it 's like a more concise list than my contacts and includes just about anybody that i 'd want to talk to . 
   i 'm the type of dude that likes to have < 10 emails in my inbox at any given time , too . 
  ah yes , there is no reconciling between people like you and i. 
  hey that was pretty cool thanks for the link !, 
  you totally deleted your last response and made it shorter . 
  more like all dogs are animals but not all animals are dogs . 
  you should have looked at the [ statistics ] ( http://coinflipbot.re/stats.php ) , you had a better chance with tails . 
  represent !, 
  i thought a shoe horn was a plot in a transformers movie . 
  wait what are people wrong about ? 
  dude i fucking hate that shit , when i told my girlfriend about it she did n't believe it was a real thing !, 
  like why would i want to look at other girls without their clothes on when i 'm already dating someone so perfect ? 
  on phone but last year my roommate vomited under his bed in our shared room and i found it 8 days later . 
  i also stepped barefoot in his vomit in the shower . 
  he would order these weird herbs from silk road that were used as an afrodesiac and i caught him masturbating with me in the room multiple times . 
  we 're both guys, 
  one has a backslash in front of it, 
  i 'm with you, 
  every time i 've taken lsd i am completely unable to fall asleep the next night , even if its hours after visual effects have subsided . 
  trying to fall asleep is also the only time i ever get auditory hallucinations from psychedelics . 
  where was this ? 
  that sucks man, 
  you 're either in a really nice area or a really poor area . 
  look up carl lama on youtube, 
  real close on the pelican link but this is what you want :, 
  edit : also woah that pedicurist fish thing sounds awesome, 
  what stops them from running out the door ? 
  and does it smell like shit ? 
  holy shit i only realized after reading through all the comments that i was in the gta sub and this was n't a real photo . 
  damn i mean looking at it now it 's obvious but without any reason to be suspicious this game looks pretty fucking good . 
   it 's not racist to say that gypsies steal in my opinion since it 's so fucking common . 
  guess it 's not racist to say black people are stupid , diseased and steal as well . 
  how did you even find it ? 
  lol, 
  romani people most certainly have a traceable unique ethnicity , it is n't just a culture . 
  no they are actually great at those things , too !, 
  what is this from ? 
  wait . . what about when the snow melted ? 
  and doohickeys !, 
  wow i thought it was taken outside , this is much better !, 
  where 's waldo ? 
  thanks, 
  is your username a euphemism for a vagina ? 
  edit : does it say quite next to my name for anyone else ? 
  also pictured : our secret base, 
  new favorite novelty account . 
  i 'm not one of these people that complain about it . 
  i played gta iv free mode for years after it 's release and this setup is much much more detailed than the last . 
  but to answer your question : any mmo,
