  better downvote him to -20 then, 
  yeah someone should do something . 
  * munches popcorn *, 
  i only had a headphone in my right ear and that confused the fuck out of me, 
  was about to correct you and say there 's no way you have decade-old memories on fb since it has only been around a few years . 
  this will be my ` god i 'm old ' moment of the day i suppose . 
  wow what a sad thing to say . 
  90 % of the comments here, 
  [ cross coast gaming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrrvyillpfg ), 
   so you have no sense of humor and your reading comprehension sucks . 
  why are you even on the internet ? 
  sounds like your average redditor , actually . 
  you should have invested in exxon if you knew something the rest of us did n't . 
  feel free to share any other predictions you have . 
  edit : first post on worldnews . 
  i will take my downvotes like a man . 
  60k karma , your puny clicks mean nothing to me !, 
   considered to be a top two foreign adversary, 
  what year is it ? 
  america 's finest city !, 
   why are you posting in a news sub , about a topic discussed much in the news , when you appear to not keep up with news ? 
  did n't know this was such an exclusive community !, 
  why is this even on the front page then ? 
  it 's only $ 80 a share !, 
  check out / r/robinhood, 
  my betta fish died 17 years ago but yesterday i heard it bark - part 8, 
  [ sony vs sony ] ( http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/sony-vs-sony/ ), 
   would likely happen if you tried to sue starbucks because you jumped their fence . 
  wait . . do people in this thread not realize the ad is from a starbucks competitor , not starbucks themselves ? 
  thank god why ? 
  tax purposes . 
   i drink soylent for most of my meals, 
  my brother !, 
  i forgot that no one steals in other forms of government . 
  no rapes !, 
  high fives all around !, 
   most people who stop drinking milk do n't go back, 
  i stopped drinking milk for 1 year in college because i thought it was affecting my skin . 
  now i literally ca n't digest it . 
  even a little cheese and my stomach is ruined . 
   they * resulted * to cannibalism, 
  why does this seem not right, 
   truly believed they did the right thing by spreading their faith . 
  in that way , it was n't really ` extremism ', 
  is n't this what all extremists believe ? 
  solid gavin free fame joke, 
  how is this even world news ? 
  1,200 employees is less than 1 % of their workforce . . 
  sounds like they just had a less than optimal quarter . 
   as i am a proficient gunsmith as well . 
  what the fuck are you * not * ? 
  ha it seems like every paragraph has an unexpected turn ; was expecting it to end with `` anyways i ended up working at spacex as i am a part-time astronaut too . '', 
  just having fun , this was a great post and a fascinating read . 
  you truly have a way with words ; since you seem to find yourself doing new and part-time jobs you might consider doing some writing on the side . 
  not saying you 'll be the next jk rowling but there is fair money to be made by writing knowledgeable , high quality articles on your own website about watch restoration , firearms repair or something else you are an expert in . 
  i could point you in the right direction to get started if you were ever interested in that sort of thing . 
  you know the millionaire above you made a lot of his money from a flashlight app . 
  do n't spend your whole life waiting for the next revolutionary idea , when there are things right in front of you that people need . 
  / r/misleadingthumbnails, 
  guess not, 
  man ca n't i just browse / r/television without being shamed ? 
  proxy it outside the opponent 's natural, 
  got rid of them to make room for more air, 
  the purpose of yawning , at least in humans , is to stretch the inner ear canal . 
  that 's what distinguishes a yawn from just breathing in really deep and then exhaling . 
  it has nothing to do with oxygen , so maybe the turtle was doing the same thing . 
  this thread satisfied my ` read a pointless argument ' objective for the day . 
  thank you both . 
  i actually do think that sending an apology would be nice from those who did send something hateful . 
  i 'm sure he 's pretty upset that a lot of people are still sending messages defaming him . 
  i bet if at least 1 out of every 5 hate messages he 's getting right now was a simple `` hey man i messed up and assumed you were guilty . 
  i 'll be sure to correct others if i see the same '' would actually make him feel really good and probably relieve some anxiety he 's currently feeling . 
  i think your lines are a bit off, 
  so cool !, 
  is there a driving path you have to stay on or can you off-road a bit ? 
  if there 's a path , can you pass other cars ? 
  i do n't want to get stuck behind some bozo taking pictures of lions fucking . 
  they should make a subreddit for kids tumbling down, 
   his wife then says this whole event seems similar to his husbands ( the patients ) mom . 
  am i being blind to gender equality right now or is this a typo ? 
  not trying to be funny . 
  do you mean to say the wife was male ? 
  99 % of what 's in your history book i suppose . 
  ^ ( edit : the above comment asked what white culture would even entail / be based off of . ), 
  well now that 's in my history . 
  lets hang out, 
  if you 're asleep during the day , and you do n't work at night , then yeah i 'd say the hypothesis that you do n't have a job is pretty sound . 
  it wo n't be true for all cases , but probably most . 
  what program did you use to make this and how can i get started ? 
  thanks !, 
  looks great btw !, 
  could you explain that a bit more or point me in a direction i could read up on that ? 
  if a price `` shot up '' would n't that by its nature mean there is significant volatility in the stock ? 
  if i 'm understanding you correctly , you 're saying that even though the underlying moved closer to the strike price , traders are for some reason thinking that it is less likely to actually hit the strike by expiry ? 
  met in russia when burnie was 12, 
  i feel like recordings of people playing with no shadows should n't be allowed in this sub . 
  it 's essentially cheating . 
  and if you 're able to record 60fps video , i do n't think it 's a performance issue . 
  i use shadowplay as well . 
  in case you legitimately did n't know , if performance is an issue for you , you can disable shadowplay and see a huge increase in fps .
