  yeah referendum to make it legal , and parliamentary bullshit to work out the details, 
  i wish these things could be decided by referendum . 
  mine was a church and state legal argument . 
  not a religious one . 
  italy had way more devout christians than england, 
  nonetheless , there is no separation of church and state in the uk, 
  well we will have to support them , if one nato member is undermined then we all lose credibility . 
  well you might call it influence , but in the uk bishops of the church of england sit and vote in the house of lords . 
  but nobody talks about that . 
  segregation is progressive when minorities demand it and oppressive when majorities impose it . 
  what 's a radical mosque ? 
  you make a good point . 
  i think its high time we got muslim clerics together to pick a city and set up some kind of eu-backed european muslim clerical establishment to rival equivalent centers in egypt , iraq , and saudi . 
  to be fair the media in this day and age acts way too much like a prosecutor , judge , and jury embodied in one entity . 
  for all we know she was stabbed by several of them and the media is covering it up and this guy was scapegoated . 
  we do n't actually know the facts that 's why we have trials . 
  i just had the horrible thought of being like stabbed by a rusted broken piece of metal from a bike or shopping cart, 
  thats one of those things you cant anticipate which makes it quite scary . 
  i was thinking treading water or doing laps . 
  ive done that drunk in pools rivers and at sea . 
  even when it was cold and at night . 
  but i did it on purpose , it wasnt accidental and i wasnt weighed down by coats n such . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i sort of scoffed at most of it like ` pff i can do that ' that last bit , instinctually taking a deep breath in cold water . 
  i can see myself doing that if really drunk, 
  ah , see that makes a lot of sense, 
  swimming drunk is n't that hard , i assume people who cant do that did n't spend much time swimming as kids . 
  also when i went it really was n't that hard to find a bathroom in a bar or pub . 
  i do n't remember any of the dutch asking me if i bought something or charging me cover fees to go inside to piss . 
  plus being stoned the entire time meant i was never far from the hostel . 
  not really sure what excuse these guys have . 
  you should . 
  its an informal arrangement , but its counties like yours , the random little countries , that trust no one but germany . 
  france realized this and sort of just goes along with it . 
  if poland , spain , or italy raise their voices people tune out or sneer and if the uk speaks out we crumple up paper balls and throw them at him . 
  fact is the east europeans , scandis , balkanites etc they only trust germany . 
  there are good reasons for that , and i say that can not be not because i do n't trust germans but i am sincerely worried about the effect this role is having on their democracy and society . 
  i do n't see it as a privilege , i see germany carrying a huge boulder on her back as the rest of us argue about where she should put it . 
  germany , and i wo n't say please , why do n't you pull up more seats at the table ? 
  from what i can tell you 're not really happy with the unilateral leadership of the whole eu anyway . 
  also i 'm worried about you bro , you 've had the same chancellor for about a decade and she controls both major political parties . 
  the stress is clearly getting to you and despite all the nastiness between your people and mine , you 're a bro . 
  i do n't want you sacrificing your democracy simply because you 're the only one anyone trusts at the helm . 
  you 're welcome . 
  for me it 's complete federalism , or decentralization and deregulation and continue to encourage independent actions . 
  these half-measures are what are killing us , and frankly the eurocrats know this . 
  they have a policy , they enact the few measures they are allowed to enact knowing that it will cause a disaster , disaster arises and the only conclusion is more power for eurocrats . 
  it 's not even a conspiracy , they tell us very openly that they need more powers and we say fuck off until its too late . 
  wow , we lost by a lot less than i expected . 
  you 'd need money to hire a prostitute . 
  chances are he was a bit low on funds after paying $ 5,000 to a human trafficker to get him to europe . 
  it would help to do more to forbid international arms and munitions sales , aid , distribution . 
  i 'm glad , maybe we should do more to make them feel miserable here . 
  i think we should apologize for turkey 's unlilateral decision to shoot down a russian fighter jet headed toward bombarding isis , the pilot of that jet was then murdered by syrian militias along with other russian military personnel who went to rescue him . 
  we do n't really treat everyone as equals . 
  we have a better record than most so i 'll allow that i suppose but its a commitment almost every non-islamic country makes on paper . 
  freedom of speech ? 
  laughable . 
  that is a heavily qualified right along with freedom of the press , we have a great deal of censorship and both legal and social consequences for committing unwritten thought crimes . 
  the us embodies this value , the greatest test is the fact that it is completely legal for absolutely foul people to parade and write their political views whereas we tend to shut down and censor almost as much as russia . 
  the difference is they shut down things we like and we shut down things they like . 
  democracy ? 
  chancellor merkel has ruled as long as erdogan and controls both her party and the opposition , further the eu has reined in democracy in almost every european country . 
  and even after exams i still dont know what rule of law is and frankly i think it is a fluffy term that applies equally to any country that enforces any laws , technically the holocaust was within the rule of law since it was legal . 
  let 's face it , the west has no unifying ideal . 
  i 'd almost consent to having christianity be our unifying ideology as it once was even as an atheist . 
  the old west had a face , the new west has emotive language backed by profiteering , indecision , and duplicity . 
  not the old west did n't have those faults , but it also had an identity that we really do n't have . 
  it 's miserable . 
  i like liberalism , i think i am a liberal , but our values can not be pan-global human values with no distinctive flavor of our own . 
  human rights are an obligation for all societies , not an identity , we must be more than that with our own identity in the same way as other societies are . 
  we cant make a deal for ukraine , it 's too late . 
  putin 's invasion would make most referenda illegitimate unless russia withdraws , but they do n't trust us . 
  we provoked the ukraine question when we made an empty promise to invite it into the eu and nato . 
  it would have been wise to have an oblast to oblast referendum on membership with ukraine or russia before russia invaded . 
  now that must become a frozen conflict . 
  i mentioned many allies , not just saudi . 
  you dont see our politicians bitching at china over its gay rights stance . 
  what are our values ? 
  you could say human rights but we 've violated those plenty of times . 
  the west needs a clear identity beyond merely what it is opposed to . 
  we do n't know who shot down mh17 , i 'd be surprised if putin gave the order , i think russian militia misfired and hit that plane instead of the ukrainian military aircraft they were aiming for . 
  i 'm not sure why the airline elected to fly over a warzone but the fault lies with the russian militias . 
  a passenger jet was destroyed over the sinai , the british claimed to have intelligence on the matter but refused to share it . 
  if there was n't such a climate of hostility neither of these events would have happened . 
  next both saudi and russia have energy resources . 
  we could chose one to work with and repudiate the other . 
  if we foster a climate of trust and fair play russia is more likely to prove itself a good partner than saudi . 
  i can think of nothing more stupid than turkey , germany , poland , and the uk insisting on using nato to make an enemy of/perpetuate conflict with putin 's russia . 
  the ukraine intervention was immoral , but i would rather maintain a respectful alliance with russia . 
  better yet would be to have them as allies . 
  we owe an apology to russia , several really , they fly through turkey to attack our common enemy . 
  their stance on gay rights is much better than those of our committed allies such as saudi arabia , nigeria , uganda , and china yet we continue to bitch at them . 
  i dont sincerely know . 
  i just think youth ubemployment should be 18-30 not in education . 
  i know its not the case but kids should be in school till 18 , no drop outs . 
  usually its through the government . 
  very cool, 
  you 're well informed on the italian mafia for a serb . 
  the huge interest is the same as any bank nowadays .
