i think its about time a crusader organization was founded tbh . 
  if you had a real organization of christian fanatics massacring muslims by the hundreds maybe theyd realize how good they have it with this castrated version of the west . 
  good assessment . 
  i 'd find it extremely hard to believe that a muslim leader would admit this in public . 
  lol you need to get out more , plenty like it fo free, 
  metal *, 
  when was this ? 
  if they are western raised they should be shot on sight upon returning . 
  depends , if this is their first trip im willing to give them a chance but if theyre in and out repeatedly i have questions, 
  surprised the returnee was n't immediately jailed . 
  he should be shot , but i get it we 're too soft to do that but at least he should be jailed for life . 
  i got ta see this , the animation looks terrivle . 
  you know a lot of the time those girls arent forced to do this right ? 
  it 's been refloated and removed . 
  do you have any submarines ? 
  this coming from the guy hiding his country . 
  must be a shameful one to be a part of . 
  i was n't in charge, 
  got ta give respect to tunisia , that country is definetly ready for a civil society, 
  lol the uk is england 's front . 
  i think we all know that . 
  scotland plays second fiddle in that relationship as i recall algeria was part of france but we call it a colony, 
  a lot less so . 
  italy did not participate , the us already had bases in italy . 
  we 're still part of nato , but we did not lead the charge by any stretch of the term, 
  it was an al qaeda led revolution , quite a few of the key warlords leading the charge were ex-guantanamo detainees . 
  i dont understand your comment . 
  this coming from a colony . 
  they let you vote your way out and you chose to stay . 
  i can see why my comment really resonated with you . 
  we do n't need a dictator , we 're well above using violence as a first-resort political tool , and we 're already corrupt so a dictatorship would only aggravate that . 
  it was , free gas , free school , free hospitals , high hdi and per capita gdp . 
  some countries are just better off with dictators like gadaffi and assad , even saddam , and if you 're going to interfere in another country 's civil disturbance you should arm the gov not the terrorists, 
  yaaaaay we get to recolonize !, 
  libya is our one good colony . 
  sure somalia and eritrea were unmitigated disasters , but libya was the most highly developed country in africa with a population of less than 10 million . 
  then the french , americans , and brits had to go ruin it so it 'd look more like british and french colonies . 
  which should be abolished . 
  no country should be obliged to take any refugees at all . 
  it should be a courtesy . 
  there are more high ranking black americans than black canadians . 
  for that matter there arent that many black canadians . 
  for another point most black subjects of the british empire were n't treated that well , like south africa or kenya . 
  frankly the only reason black canadians had it so good is because the british abolished slavery , but mainly it was to screw with the usa . 
  the uk and us werent on the best terms pre civil war . 
  people arent zombies , you only need propaganda to want to kill strangers or societies you never interacted with . 
  you dont need it to want to kill people from the village down the road , chances are you 've had disputes over land or commerce over years and the religious/linguistic/cultural difference doesnt help . 
  not really , the propaganda held them together under yugoslavia , but theyve been butchering each other for centuries . 
  between the slavic migrations , ottoman conquest etc. 
  and they hated each other , we could have taken the soviet approach to patchwork national spreading by forcibly deporting people rapidly to create homogenous countries or we could take both the liberal western and nationalist western models of scratching our balls , telling people to get along , react violently when they dont do as we ask , spend more time drafting sanctions and military expenditures and inflamatory statements than referenda , having a war , then dividing people into the homogenous groups they wanted anyway with an armistice line separating the piles of corpses so yeah . 
  when in doubt how about holding a fucking vote before insulting one another and fighting over it . 
  people hate each other , and sometimes they want to be separate and sometimes its worth it to hear them out . 
  notice how there wasnt a second kosovo war thanks to a referendum backed by most major powers . 
  it was just bosnia , the serbs wanted it to join serbia , then they settled for just their lands , the croats , albanians , and bosniaks wouldnt let them and then there was a war . 
  the serbs went on to commit ethnic cleansing , though al qaeda 's assistance for the bosniaks was ignored as were the massacres committed by that side . 
  hell the croat generals who committed their own massacres had their charges dropped . 
  it really is true that you can inly be blamed for the wars you loss, 
  false . 
  the bosniaks liked their country , the serbs and croats wanted to join their brothers and still do . 
  doesnt justify slaughter but this , the ukrainian war , and the moldovan conflict could have been resolved with rapid objective referenda . 
  instead one side always has to use the military as a bargaining chip and we end up with a war and a result more or less similar to what youd have with a referendum . 
  you know the republika srpska is still around right ? 
  they were given control of the territory they wanted to bring with them into serbia . 
  the habsburgs wanted to rule serbia . 
  the ethnic germans and hungarians ruled the other nations of the empire autocratically . 
  they did their fair share of killing . 
  further if you look at the timing of the warnings the habsburgs and their mobilizations it becomes very clear that they had no intention of giving serbia time to hunt down the assassins and wanted a pretext for a war of conquest . 
  further the whole bosnian war might have been avoided if we just let serbian bosnia join serbia , instead a war happened and now bosnia is divided along national lines anyway . 
  why force people who hate each other to live in the same country ? 
  thats like saying the high rate of police killing of black people or slavery means you were better off as a british colony . 
  sounds retarded right ? 
  if the people ruling you are comfortable killing 27 % of you and 60 % of your male population then they 're probably shitty rulers . 
  i dont think it counts as force . 
  they want to live these sorts of lives , in europe there 's no excuse for being sucked into a cult , its super easy to leave and open your mind . 
  fact is european muslims for the most part do n't want to integrate and are happy in their parallel societies . 
  how about ... the destruction of the maya ? 
  or did moses come back from the dead in guatemala , seeing pyramids , and think he was in egypt again . 
  would make for a good movie . 
  resurrected moses takes vengeance against the maya . 
  i like to think they were targeting people organizing to commit violence or use hate speech , but you 're probably right that the net will be wide enough and catch all anti migration people, 
  the taiping rebellion i guess ? 
  those poor guys really do get blamed for everything, 
  i strongly believe that any means available must be used to destroy jihadism , and nazism i guess though the latter really isnt the problem it was in the 40s . 
  i 've heard ` the jews ' ^ ^ tm had been blamed for it . 
  they shouldnt be censoring either of them , frankly . 
  if you want to catch nazis and jihadists what better way than giving them the illusion of a safe platform ? 
  why silence them ? 
  let them post , profile their names , photos , and the satellite location of their devices , share them with the police , and happy hunting to you . 
  silencing them drives them underground making them harder to catch and prosecute . 
  if the behavior of our women is any guide id say we 'll be taking this stand on our backs . 
  i like their model even more, 
  its interpretation , a new cult will think it needs to act for god , later when the interaction with the literature becomes more elevated they might interpret those passages to mean god will bring death upon the sinner and that going out of your way to kill them is n't necessary . 
  more important than that catholicism teaches that allegorical and literal intepretations of literature are of equal merit . 
  almost every other abrahamic faith and sect demands a literal interpretation only . 
  its the reason why the catholic church was the first religion to deem evolution to be a valid scientific theory in the 19th century . 
  failure to assist ? 
  cmon you can admit it has a little to do with islam . 
  some time ago i met a moroccan feminist who is all about muslim and womens rights , who uses terms like whitesplaining and mansplaining , wears no headscard , goes to rallies demanding europe give every migrant residency and get this , she doesnt think the holocaust happened because white people wrote the history books . 
  oh god no . 
  i dont need to vote on every issue but big issues like this ?
