  the favors thing , some people might appreciate the opportunity to pay back things like student loans in favor or in kind rather than money theyll never have . 
  the mafia sucks , but they were trailblazers . 
  even the concept of repo men confiscating your property when you are in debt was invented by the mafia . 
  for some reason that stupid 45 % youth unemployment statistic goes from 16-25 . 
  16 for fuck 's sake , half of those people are in uni or liceo . 
  its a stupid statistic that makes our economy look worse than it is which drives down investment . 
  mafia invented the subprime mortgage and offers loans to people with shit credit . 
  they also provide pensions and other services that are much better than the government 's , but more costly in the long-term . 
  we actually have a brilliant foreign policy , we might be the only major european country with no enemies . 
  if you want clean streets you need more rubbish bins . 
  about 5 years ago we were pretty heavy smokers , things have changed a lot in that regard . 
  do german police not do that ? 
  i figured if traffic cops would be harsh anywhere it 'd be germany . 
  if you 're going to punish people for breaking the law you also need to provide them with the means to abide by it , otherwise your punishment is illegitimate no matter how legitimate the wrong you seek to remedy is . 
  ticket people a hefty sum for littering ? 
  install more rubbish bins . 
  thats fair . 
  all i said were the police were n't perverts , did n't say anything about the population at large . 
  now , * mi scusi * i 'd like to sit next to your girlfriend and grope her thigh with my right hand while i twirl a doughy pizza right in front of your face while singing some pavarotti . 
  sometimes you cant find a rubbish bin, 
  not really , in the ussr smoking was encouraged and tobacco companies were allowed to sell there because it killed people before they got old which helped the healthcare system . 
  yeah , no . 
  they police are not perverts , not even most of them , and plenty of them are women . 
  they have quotas of tickets to issue and around the time those quotas are due they 'll stop you and look for reasons to fine you . 
  next , we have a pretty high standard of policing vis a vis first-world countries . 
  while we might not destroy bananas that do n't curve at an angle approved by the eu 's commission italy is n't exactly a mad max type lawless society . 
  lol , well if you ca n't blame southern italians for cancer rates and smoking you can always blame them for organized crime and poverty . 
  i 'm going to go put my coat on now , some terron left the wind on and its freezing outside . 
  landlords really are awful people . 
  http://www.epicentro.iss.it/passi/dati/fumo.asp says here more umbrians , lombardi , and piemontesi smoke than calabrians . 
  admittedly campania , lazio , and umbria have the most smokers but it would seem , generally , that more north italians smoke than south italians . 
  the province with the least smokers is basilicata , deep south . 
  the police will stop a car if they have a reason to give someone a ticket . 
  there 's no reason for them to be lenient about this . 
  on the topic of littering , lol , i doubt they 're going to chase people down for littering unless they need to fill a quota . 
  north italians do n't smoke ? 
  but this was asked to all france , not just muslims . 
  actually that 's explaining the poll results really clearly . 
  i 'm surprised its not higher . 
  the headline says migrants , not refugees . 
  you 'd think thats enough but frankly the economy can not absorb that many people . 
  india , saud arabia , uae , qatar , china , australia , the us , canada , kazakhstan , and brazil should help share the burden europe , lebanon , jordan , and turkey have borne all on their own . 
  you havent calculated corruption out there . 
  they gave a ton to leb and jordan since they also have a million people each , but a lot gets embezzled . 
  also euros do n't go much further in those countries since prices shot up since the overthrow of assad destroyed any of leb 's land routes for trade and access to cheap agricultural food . 
  the overthrow of assad was a huge mistake . 
  i used to get shouted at for saying this but now whenever i talk to a non-white person at my left wing uni they scream about how evil europe is for intervening in syria and libya . 
  which is funny because i was and am super against those interventions , but not for the same reasons . 
  so what if they are n't gypsies ? 
  seeing as most eu migrants are white ? 
  and yet these were fighters vouched for by saudi and pakistan . 
  there wasnt much training to be done . 
  in afghanistan they just gave them weapons . 
  in iraq they armed the army that ran away leaving rquipment for isil, 
  not really . 
  not sure what you mean by kept backwards . 
  you can sort of find the roots of jihadism in the ghazi , who were partly religious inspired north african raiders who used to rob and enslave south europeans during the middle ages . 
  modern jihadism goes beyond mere anti-westernism . 
  like extreme nationalism , both ideologies seek to rebuild and emulate their civilizations ' empires in an atavistic approach . 
  anti-westernism and anti-colonialism have taken many forms historically , even in that region . 
  most of the early indipendence activists , and the first manifestation of the muslim brotherhood , are not what i 'd call jihadist . 
  i also think you border on apologism when you suggest ukusa is to blame for this ideology . 
  i 'd say we 're in agreement, 
  i suppose before that they 'd just be whatever features european societies had in common whereas after the eu was founded they began to be codified . 
  in my opinion the values they chose are generally morally just , but they do n't accurately characterize the values i observed from the history of the continent . 
  admittedly these rights have roots going back to the 1500s and started existing in the 1700s , but these still seem like recent inventions to me as many european societies have roots going back to about 900 b.c. 
  if not earlier . 
  [ censorship ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rvbg1qu.jpg ) is counterproductive . 
  your approach is what the police and states took during the cologne mass-rape thing . 
  first they tried to hide it , then they tried to cover up the ethnic backgrounds of the attackers and victims and rather than foster cultural understanding you 've encouraged the nationalists . 
  the reason we have a cultural problem with migrants is that they come from societies where it is the height of stupidity to trust the government , the law , and the police . 
  these are people who are used to being ruled by liars and censors . 
  they do n't cooperate with state officials and social workers because they do n't trust them , and its fair that they dont i would n't trust their governments to care for me if i were in their position . 
  stances like yours encourage mistrust , when you publish their propaganda and political points you 're as likely to see what these people think and find counterarguments to convince them to turn away from hateful nationalism . 
  when you hide it you convince them to mistrust the state , to mistrust all data and all statements by leaders . 
  you make the state seem like liars and censors . 
  at that point you encourage violent gangs to take the law into their own hands . 
  they wont believe stats that show that natives commit more crime than migrants , or that migrants are few in number , or that migrants by and large do n't support these ugly behaviors . 
  they will see that you covered something up , and if you cover one thing up you 're covering up more . 
  censorship does more to fuel extremism than anything else . 
  not really , the whole human rights and democracy conception of human rights is 50 years old . 
  tribal conflict ? 
  triumph over the foreign heathen ? 
  conquest and resistance to conquest ? 
  that 's a tradition thousands of years old . 
  we 've been lucky , we lived in an aberration in human history . 
  and now we 've been dragged back by the jihadists first and now the nationalists as well . 
  i grieve for near eastern christians , in my opinion muslims should n't be allowed to claim asylum . 
  only christians , remaining jews , atheists , homosexuals , and people from non-islamic religions or ` heretical ' versions of islam like alawites and druze . 
  our current policy would be like offering asylum to all germans during wwii , giving the same access to ss members and jews alike . 
  the only muslims who truly qualify for asylum are saudi shias who are similarly targeted for destruction . 
  i 'd say iranian sunnis , but iran is rather kind to religious minorities for a theocratic regime . 
  go to dubai and uae , marvel at the city they built and how quickly it became a cultural and economic center for the world , find out about their tax policy ... or lack thereof as they are about to introduce an income tax . 
  until now all money you earned there you kept , there were almost no taxes at all whereas in italy we now pay an annual tax to keep the property we already own . 
  look at the benefits companies provide their employees in terms of housing and schooling when your european company will do anything they can to avoid paying you , avoid giving a raise , and offer you almost nothing in terms of benefits . 
  a pilot in the uae gets a house , tuition provided , and allowances and expenses for the family . 
  in europe a pilot might get some hotel stays covered but that 's about it . 
  look me in the eye and tell me democracy is a better system . 
  one strange thing the uae , libya , saudi , and syria had/have in common : their states were rich and they provided for their citizens in ways european governments have never been able to . 
  iraq would have been as rich were it not for the iran-iraq war .
