  european values include things like secularism , free speech , and equal rights for homosexuals and women . 
  those are the values we need to defend . 
  ask yourself if you think the average migrant from the middle east has more or less conviction than the average european when it comes to defending the rights of homosexuals . 
  last time we checked we still had an army . 
  the uk had to use their army to bring order and security to all the people at the olympics in 2012 . 
  why ca n't we do the same thing now ? 
   federal elections are still a few years away this is the problem when you have a crisis on your hands * today * . 
  the people do n't feel like they can do anything except wait and hope for the best until the next election comes around . 
  part of the reasons why germans are trying to be so accept of immigrants right now is because they were n't very accepting of the turkish immigrants from before . 
  they thought the turks would go home after a few years and so no effort was made to properly integrate them . 
  they do n't want to make that mistake again . 
  i do n't think it will work any better this time ... but that 's the theory anyways . 
  this . 
  i imagine most europeans would support a quota system if it was part of a bigger plan on how to stop this flood of people in the long term . 
  you joke , but at some places it really is that easy . 
  actually you do n't even have to ask , they ask you . 
  i prefer ` asylum shoppers . ', 
  true , but a few of them were moon-walking so it balances out . 
  but on this wikipedia page ? 
  could it be a regional thing ? 
  in [ maps about soda in the us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yfkzaip.png ) , some people say `` coke '' as a generic term for soda . 
  even though coke is a specific type of soda . 
  if there is a sign which says `` minefield , do not enter '' and someone decides to enter . 
  well , i do n't have much sympathy . 
  plus , this will encourage those countries to start clearing more mines . 
  which is a good thing . 
  the data comes from [ openstreetmap ] ( https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=5/51.500/-0.100 ) . 
  what the migrants do to get to germany is illegal . 
   of course you wo n't see things like that on the international media which is why it 's up to us to spread it on reddit . 
  it 's worse than just selling weapons http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/30/world/africa/ransoming-citizens-europe-becomes-al-qaedas-patron.html over half of the funding for al-qaeda comes from the german and french governments paying for hostages . 
  it 's also italy , greece , austria , france , etc that are n't following the dublin treaty . 
  right now hungary is the only one following the rules . 
  i wonder what they 'll do when we tell them it 's time to go home . 
  it 's kinda scary to think about . 
  in 1950 the population of europe was more than double the population of africa . 
  now the population of africa is larger than europe . 
  they are not asylum seekers if they refuse to apply for asylum . 
   on the other hand i do n't think that all those refugees are going to be hired to those fabled german factories upon arrival . 
  german factories require * skilled * workers . 
  some of these people have skills , but most will not be capable of even working a factory job in germany without a lot of training first . 
   someone should come up with a word for that quick asylum shoppers . 
  asylum shopping ca n't be tolerated . 
  it 's proof they 're not as desperate as they make out to be , otherwise they would graciously accept asylum from hungary . 
   germany may have to rethink its status in the schengen area today they announced that they 're going stop deporting syrians to their original point of eu entrance . 
  they are ignoring the dublin regulations so that they can voluntarily take more refugees . 
  when this is the direction the government is moving , why on earth do you think they would even entertain the idea of leaving the schengen area in order to keep more refugees out ? 
  it makes no sense ? 
  kind of like what youtube does with music videos and gema ? 
  that 's been going on for years and yet nothing has changed . 
  scotland maybe . 
  or through calais . 
  since when did a poor person living in france count as a refuge ? 
  why the fuck are you down voting me ? 
  i just clarified what he meant because you misunderstood it . 
  i was n't agreeing with him . 
  you 're welcome . 
  he means they would try and destroy the tunnel, 
  then they should ban setting buildings on fire . 
  it goes well on chips, 
  this is true . 
  hard , sharp , and delicious . 
  huh , i wonder why eurostat got 4.7 % and the federal employment agency got 6.2 % . 
  seems like a big difference . 
  where is this data ? 
  i check the eurostat site , but they only have up to q1 2015 http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=une_nb_q&amp;lang=en edit : i found data for june 2015 https://statistik.arbeitsagentur.de/navigation/statistik/statistik-nach-regionen/politische-gebietsstruktur-nav.html unemployment rate : 6.2 op 's map has germany at less that 5 % . 
  op , where is the data ? 
  i do n't have a source , but i 've heard that because of part time employment , the average person in berlin works 25hrs per week . 
  my anecdotal personal experience indicates this is true . 
  both my current girlfriend and ex-girlfriend only work 3 days a week but wish they could work more . 
  they 're both 26 and still have to accept money from their parents in order to get by . 
  they also both have university degrees . 
  people here always say grossbritannien when they refer to the united kingdom . 
  it does n't help that the official iso country code of the uk is actually gb . 
  you ask for information and then refuse to believe the things you do n't like . 
  i understand americans struggle with their cultural identity , but at some point you need to accept that you are about as roma as you are greek . 
  which is not at all . 
  you 're an american . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  but like the people in boston who think they are irish but are n't , neither are you . 
  stop trying to idealize a serious problem because you 're struggling with a lack of identity . 
  no , you 're american, 
  check my flair , 
  politics brings out the worst in people and the internet makes it easy to dehumanize them . 
  we 're all europeans and we should n't get mad at each other because wanker bankers conspire with governments to screw the common man . 
  i do n't approve of the greek government , but i do n't approve of my own either and i do n't feel any responsibility for what they do ( i did n't vote for the tossers ) . 
  all the more reason not to give greece special treatment . 
  the data prioritizing applies to all internet activity . 
  even if what you say is true , it should still only apply to mobile data . 
  wtf is going on in turkey ? 
  they need to sort themselves out . 
  if you speak english , why do you stay in greece ? 
  i would have left by now if i was in the same position . 
  yes . 
  what we are seeing is a prime example of democracy failing because of an electorate which is out of touch with reality . 
  the average voter wants no taxes and free beer . 
  but the world does n't work that way . 
  greece lied so they could get the euro . 
  it never should have been given to them . 
  a german would n't take out a loan to buy an overpriced high quality product . 
  personal debt is highly frowned upon .
