  the bbc did a great interview with manfred weber about this . 
  really truly fantastic . 
  ignore the intro about scotland or skip to 1:05 . 
  then just lay back and listen to this 12 min clip of the interview . 
  he says everything i 've been thinking . 
  https://www.spreaker.com/user/michaelgreenwell/scotindypod-137-you-cant-have-your-cake - you can also watch the [ full interview ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b07w9dnf/hardtalk-manfred-weber-mep-chairman-epp-group-european-parliament ) on iplayer , but only in the uk ( or with a vpn i guess ) . 
  and the terrorism . 
  that 's also put a damper on things . 
  apparently it can . 
  unless you think the article is making stuff up . 
  that 's actually not a bad idea . 
  when corporate income tax is zero , they have no incentive to use tax havens . 
  you make up the lost revenue by taxing the shareholders directly . 
  how many wealthy people are going to live in somalia just because they have low tax rates ? 
  but a corporation would n't think twice about it . 
  plus , people can be jailed whereas a corporation can just instantly teleport to any country on earth . 
  lots of leading economist think that abolishing corporate income tax is the right move and that it 's the only way to counter tax havens . 
  read the article . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_germany but anyways ... 
  it 's a totally different comparison . 
  wales is n't a nation in the same way as scotland and ireland . 
  wales was completely incorporated with england . 
  you could argue that wales could become its own nation , but it currently is n't one . 
  there was never a kingdom of wales . 
  there was a kingdom of england , kingdom of scotland , and kingdom of ireland . 
  but not wales . 
  the united kingdom is all of the 3 kingdoms , which is also why the welsh flag is n't on the uk flag . 
  wales has never been its own country . 
  also , they voted leave , so they can stay with england . 
  precisely . 
  if any brexit deal includes free movement of labour within the eu , then they are going directly against the primary reason they voted for it . 
  except that without free movement of labour , there will be no eea deal , and that will cripple the uk economy . 
  their only option is to not do it at all , or to do it in a way that violates the principal reason for why people voted for it . 
  in which case , why do it at all ? 
  people mention how its politically untenable to not follow through with brexit . 
  but the political fallout of pointless brexit ( one which keeps them in the eea ) is going to be just as strong and not doing it at all . 
  which is why i do n't believe it will happen . 
  my point is that people , farmers , do keep their seeds . 
  and then sell them to other farmers . 
  they * farm * them ? 
  people voted brexit for lots of different reasons . 
  some voted brexit for the extra 350 million to the nhs ( which is n't happening ) , some thought eastern european immigrants would have to leave ( which they wo n't ) , some wanted to stop immigration ( uk might keep free movement of labour ) , some wanted for uk business to not have to follow eu regulations ( which they will if they want to sell to europe ) , and so on . 
  if you voted brexit because of the nhs , then you did n't really vote for brexit . 
  you voted for the nhs . 
  and you 're not getting what you voted for . 
  people picked `` leave '' because there were only 2 options on the ballot , but a lot of them picked leave not because they have a fundamental problem with the eu , but because they believe leaving the eu will bring some other benefit ( many of which have now been backtracked ) . 
  that 's also why there is n't a democratic mandate to follow through . 
  because people did n't vote to leave the eu , they voted for the nhs , they voted for fewer immigrants , etc. 
  if you do n't uphold everything that was promised ( many of which were contradictory things ) , then you 're not following the `` will '' of the people , you 're only following what they voted for , and only as a technicality . 
  suppose there was a referendum to allow everyone to eat as much cake as they want and not get fat . 
  sounds great , i would like that . 
  so it 's put to a vote , and vote passes . 
  well , you ca n't * actually * eat as much cake as you want and not got fat . 
  it 's not possible . 
  but it is possible to follow the technical ruling of the referendum . 
  so the government sets up mandatory weigh-ins for all citizens . 
  and if you 're starting to get a bit on the fatter side of things , they take you out back and shoot you in the head . 
  there , the outcome of the referendum is now technically being followed . 
  you can eat all the cake you want , and you 'll never get fat , because you 'll be shot first instead . 
  except that 's obviously not what people had in mind when they voted . 
  it 's not the `` will '' of the people . 
  lying to people and then following through with the result only in the most strictest technical definition of it , is not democracy . 
   from companies that sell them . 
  where do those companies get them ? 
  and where do they get them ? 
  where do the seeds they buy come from ? 
  http://1000000-euro.de/index.php#euro-gewicht  the amount of $ 59,000,000,000.00 would in 500 euro notes a weight of 132.16 t . a single pile of money with 118 million new notes would be 11.80 kilometers high and would have a volume of at least 154,816.00 liters . 
  where do you think the seeds come from ? 
  other farmers . 
  so no difference from now then . 
  in case you have forgotten , germany is not the us . 
  that 's not a german saying . 
  the only use for facebook is what it 's original purpose was ; an online address book ( with faces ) . 
  laws like this have popular support . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/germany-springs-to-action-over-hate-speech-against-migrants/2016/01/06/6031218e-b315-11e5-8abc-d09392edc612_story.html  in germany , a person can face incitement charges for comments aimed at creating hostile feelings  facebook officials now say they are reviewing posts more stringently and using legal opinions and language experts to determine whether users ' comments are infringing on german law . 
  shadow accounts are illegal in the eu . 
  if you tell them to delete your account , they have to delete it . 
  i get all my news from reddit . 
  telegram is popular in germany . 
  most my friends have both telegram and whatsapp installed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telegram_ ( software ), 
  facebook is already losing popularity . 
  i hardly ever use it . 
  i use whatsapp group messages and i use google photos to share with my friends . 
  the only thing facebook offers which that does n't , is the ability post and read passive information that no one cares about . 
  i 'm going to send a group message if i want to meet up with my friends on my birthday , i 'm not going to post it on facebook . 
  facebook is just for people who want to show off to large numbers of people at once . 
  but what if someone posts a photo they took of you topless at the beach ? 
  you should be able to order the company hosting that image to take it down . 
  the problem is enforcement . 
  people and companies need to be fined for every false takedown request they file , otherwise there will be nonstop automated requests like what happens with dcma right now . 
  by the end , we 'll be wishing for facebook level censorship . 
  people in germany are already getting arrested for inciting violence when they post vaguely racist things on twitter . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/germany-springs-to-action-over-hate-speech-against-migrants/2016/01/06/6031218e-b315-11e5-8abc-d09392edc612_story.html  in september , the home of a 26-year-old berlin man was raided by police , who confiscated his computer and phones after he had posted the tragic image of the dead 3-year-old syrian boy whose body on a turkish beach became a symbol of the refugee crisis . 
  along with the photo , he had posted : `` we are not mourning , we are celebrating ! '' it 's obviously not a nice thing to say , but for the police to raid your home ? 
   in germany , a person can face incitement charges for comments aimed at creating hostile feelings and ironically , this whole thread is about facebook censorship , so take a gander at this :  facebook officials now say they are reviewing posts more stringently and using legal opinions and language experts to determine whether users ' comments are infringing on german law . 
   stop using facebook vk works well and they do n't censor anything . 
  this confirms my current view . 
  i did n't say it was a good idea . 
  i just find it annoying when people try to argue against border barriers by saying they 're impractical and they do n't work .
