  it claims to have all the answers , and therefor , teaches you to not ask questions and try to discover new ones . 
  yeah ... that idea is terrifying . 
  and by the end of the century , the population of africa is predicted to be 11.2 billion ( more than 1.5 x the current global population ) . 
  what are going to do when there 's a harsh drought and a couple billion of them decide to walk on over to europe ? 
  most of the migrants are illiterate , so it 's not surprising that their vocabulary is limited . 
  are police car , police van , and police horse , three different/new words ? 
  i would say not . 
  in german it is polizeiauto , polizeiwagen , polizeipferd . 
  3 different words ? 
  not really . 
  i would say that for a compound word to count as a new word , its meaning needs to be greater than the sum of its parts . 
  a police-van is a van for police , so that does n't count . 
  in chinese , their word for cash is roughly translated as thin-gold . 
  i would say that counts as a new word , because they 're not literally talking about thin gold , they 're using the compound word to refer to something different . 
  but the definition is n't perfect . 
  i would say that headphones and keyboard both count as a new word . 
  even though the thing they describe does literally fit the definition , the objects themselves are removed enough , and specific enough , that the words `` key '' and `` board '' alone are n't enough information to conjure up the image of a keyboard . 
  whereas police and van is enough to think of a police-van . 
  english is much easier to learn , for one simple reason , it 's everywhere . 
  you read a book , watch a movie or tv , play a video game , listen to music , browse the internet , and there 's a big chance that whatever it is you 're doing was originally in english . 
  you want the better experience , so you watch south park in the original version . 
  you do n't want to wait a year for the new harry potter book , so you read it in english . 
  you go to play tf2 online , or surf reddit , and everyone is speaking english . 
  i 've been playing blackwake lately , and there 's no german version of the game , it 's english only . 
  it is everywhere . 
  you learn the basics in school , and then when you realize the door you just cracked open , it quickly spirals out of control and you end up learning the language the same way children do , just by the sheer fact that it is everywhere . 
  that 's why english is the easiest language in the world to learn . 
  and it has nothing to do with the language itself . 
  it 's also the most useful language to learn . 
  i see ads for english language schools that say `` learn english good enough to travel . '', 
  because naturally , if you 're german and you want to visit spain , you should brush up on your english . 
  i thought memrise used cards created by users . 
  i did n't realize they used automatic translations . 
  i 've always though it was odd that they 're called genders . 
  in english you have `` a '' vs. `` an '' , and `` the '' vs. `` the '' ( one rhymes with duh , the other rhymes with bee ) . 
  it 's not different in german . 
  we just have formal rules on when you use to `` ein '' or `` eine '' , whereas the vs. the seems to be somewhat random . 
  but english speakers do n't even think about learning when to use which , it 's just something that happens because it sounds right . 
  the cat the old cat, 
  which is true . 
  it 's funny how in english , they dropped the casual form and made the formal form the standard and in german we seem to be dropping the formal and making the casual the standard . 
  or at least we 're moving in that direction . 
   do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence -- ` this account of you we have from all quarters received . ', 
  a frenchman or russian could not have written that . 
  it is the german who is so uncourteous to his verbs . 
  * she is going to yoga class * and * she goes to yoga class * can mean two different things . 
  the former implies that she is either currently on her way , or will be on her way shortly . 
  the latter implies that it is something she does regularly , but not necessarily at this precise moment . 
  in english you would say * do you have any plans later ? 
  * which is somewhat redundant . 
  you do n't need both `` do '' and `` have '' in order to convey the meaning . 
  also , why do you need to say * any plans * when just `` plans '' would work equally as well . 
  * have you plans later ? 
  * is much simpler and more efficient . 
  but it 's written it a way designed to trick you, 
  that is just scummy . 
  they 're manipulating you on the price , it should be clear they 're manipulating you with everything else too, 
   they do n't believe in the uk , they believe in the eu.they are basically more scandinavian socialists than anything like us that 's the nicest thing i 've ever heard from down south . 
  thank you kindly . 
  and keep out muslims and africans, 
  and that 's what , 2 % of the people who voted for it ? 
  what seems to be the most common is that they `` lose '' their documents and claim to be from somewhere they 're not . 
  and then even if you can prove where they really came from , that country refuses to take them back . 
  then what ? 
  you ca n't exile them to a colony on olympus mons ( yet ) . 
  joining the european union is a privilege , not a right . 
  having a drivers license is a privilege not a right , so ban all cars ? 
  calais is the worst example of this . 
  not a single person in calais is fleeing a war , because they are living in france and there 's no war in france . 
  or , they do n't go through either process and stay here anyways . 
  or they get denied asylum and stay here anyways . 
  which makes them an illegal immigrant , which is basically a type of immigrant . 
  why europe ? 
  is n't this a us holiday ? 
  even if we have to store the waste for 100 years first , that 's fine . 
  we do n't have a hundred years to stop burning fossil fuels , so let 's just make the improvements we can while we still have time . 
   and spain for one has already said they will block this ( because to give membership to a new scotland would open the doorway to catalan independence ) . 
  we have gone over this 9000 times . 
  that . 
  not . 
  true . 
  spain has publicly said they will support scotland joining the eu as long as scottish independence is the result of a legal mutually agreed upon process and not just scotland unilaterally declaring themselves independent one day . 
  banking jobs could also move out of london and into the north . 
  it 's easier to relocate from london to edinburgh than it is to relocate to frankfurt or amsterdam . 
  edinburgh does n't have the infrastructure to take all of the jobs out of london , but you start slowly , and who knows what it will look like in 30 years . 
  half of the better together campaign last time was based on spite . 
  the british government saying that they would make things worse scotland , even if it made things worse for england , just to spite them . 
  the problem with politics in the us is that they have fptp and a two part system . 
  in a multi-party representative parliamentary system , that should n't be as big of a concern . 
  also the us federal government seems to have way too much power . 
  the federal government should be in charge of currency , the military , and integration ( things like standardising power outlets and phone chargers ) . 
  it should n't have a say in drug policy , welfare , censorship in video games , etc. 
  the purpose of a federal government is to facilitate cooperation between the member states . 
  i 'm pro-federalization , but i 'm also in favour of leaving the vast majority of the power in the hands of the member states . 
  changing our passports does n't do that . 
  our passports are already standardised by the eu and say `` european union '' on them . 
  i 'm just proposing we take the national names off . 
  it 's like the euro . 
  every country has their own euro coins , which is nice , but basically pointless . 
  if all the coins looked the same it would n't change anything .
