  he said `` destroy '' them . 
  at the source in libya . 
  which is exactly what the eu is planning to do btw . 
  who is `` the rest of europe '' ? 
  the uk does n't want any more immigrants regardless of where they come from . 
  germany is having pegida marches . 
  poland and the east are completely homogeneous and like it that way . 
  only the swedes seem to like the idea of letting more people in . 
  everyone else is neutral at best . 
  these people need to travel through safe countries in order to get to europe . 
  morocco is a safe country . 
  there is literally no justification for travelling through morocco to get to europe . 
  if you 're really escaping a war , then just stay in morocco !, 
  i ca n't believe people do n't realize this . 
  you can support letting these people come here if you want , but do n't pretend that they 're running for their lives . 
  calais is entirely the fault of the french . 
  they do n't want these people in france anymore , so they willfully turn a blind eye to the criminal attempts to get into the uk . 
  the uk needs to stand up to france on this . 
  we are rewarding the people who come on these boats . 
  of course they 're going to keep coming . 
  we all know the boats need to stop . 
  and we all know how to stop them . 
  send back all the boats . 
  immediately . 
  does n't matter where they land . 
  send them back . 
  the uk has no responsibility to clean up the slums in france . 
  they 're running a shanty town for people they know are going to try and make an illegal border crossing . 
  frankly , it 's disgraceful that france allows this to continue . 
   `` i ca n't totally criticise the italians because they have saved most of our lives ( at sea ) . 
  but now we are here , they do nothing for us . 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  you come here to abuse our welfare system , they save your lives , and you complain ? 
  i mean honestly . 
  that quote really just perfectly sums up the attitude of these people . 
  they have no appreciation for what we do for them . 
   `` we are reduced to sleeping under bushes , eating biscuits and water and living like tramps . 
  it 's no kind of life , but if you have been fingerprinted you ca n't go anywhere . '', 
  you can go home . 
  how 's that for an idea ? 
  no no no , these people are fleeing a war !, 
  they 're not economic migrants trying to take advantage of us . 
  who would suggest such a thing !, 
  it would be trivially easy to stop migrants if there was the political support for it , and i think public opinion is changing . 
  as more migrants arrive , more people are supporting more aggressive measures . 
  i just saw this vice documentary and it reminded me of this post . 
  it 's about canada , the only other country that has tried the swedish model . 
  and why legalizing is the better option . 
  you should watch it . 
  vice news always makes great docs . 
  it because europeans tend to be more educated and skilled . 
  there are so many skilled worker in europe that it 's easier to find work in a latin american country where they 're in desperate need of skilled engineers . 
  you get paid only a little bit less , but after you factor in taxes and cost of living , you can basically live like a king . 
  less men want to have sex when it 's illegal ? 
  maybe , but the amount of women who are going to be less likely to do the job is going to go down by much more . 
  anyways , just look at every single black market there is . 
  would marijuana be as expensive as it currently is if it was legal and sold at walmart ? 
  but this really is all a moot point . 
  prostitution is going to happen . 
  this is the world we live in . 
  do we want to push this behavior underground , away from regulation and public scrutiny ? 
  or do we want it to happen in the public eye , where it 's easier to identify the women being abused and help them ? 
  if someone is going to force someone to work as a slave , they are already breaking the law . 
  changing the law to make the job they 're doing is n't going to stop them . 
  they 'll just be forced to work as prostitutes on the streets where there is no regulation , hygiene , protection , oversight , ect . 
  if you make prostitution legal , then the girls will at least get health insurance and other protections . 
  it 's like shooting heroin . 
  you do n't need to support heroin usage to be able to realize that it 's going to happen no matter what . 
  so you might as well give the addicts clean needles and a safe place to shoot up . 
  also , if prostitution is criminalized , then only criminals will be doing it . 
  and just by the nature of the black market , prices will go up . 
  if you flood the market with women who actually want to do the job , it 'll be much less profitable to force women into sex work . 
  but then this is true for any industry . 
  he could force them to work in a factory as well . 
  legalizing prostitution and having the women in brothels means everything is taking place in the open and in the eye of the public . 
  how would you force some to work there ? 
  it would be like trying to force someone to work at a restaurant . 
  unless you think the owner of the company is some kind of corrupt mobster or something . 
  what 's wrong with just legalizing it ? 
  the people who work at legal registered tax paying brothels are n't forced to be there . 
  i am suspicious of this study . 
  iceland does n't have a normal economy . 
  there are only 300,000 people and all their electricity is basically free because it comes from geothermal . 
  flexitime - i do n't go into work till about 10 . 
  i 'd never work somewhere if i had to start at 8 . 
  it insures that you only get mail addressed directly to you . 
  if the name on the package does n't match the name on the post box , it wo n't get delivered . 
  i used to live in scotland . 
  their tap water tastes better than any bottled water you can buy . 
  gah , it was so good !, 
  i thought there was a surprising number of dark skinned people in london . 
  it makes berlin look as white as poland . 
  i felt that way about the women in poland . 
  you never saw a lady outside who had n't put in the effort to look nice . 
   spain feels really dusty . 
  i thought barcelona was extremely dusty . 
  it almost felt like it should have been a 3rd world country in south america . 
  madrid on the other hand felt like a normal european city . 
  why are their so many nice red brick buildings in poland that are then covered with concrete ? 
  why would you cover it up .
