these colors are not the easiest to tell apart . 
  the color scale should be shrunk to fit the highest and lowest real values . 
  the syrian civil war was caused by ( 1 ) the al-assad family ( 2 ) the arab spring . 
  ( 1 ) the al-assad family rose and stayed in power through support of the soviets . 
  why did they have this relationship ? 
  well , syria and israel were enemies , the ussr and the us were enemies , and the us and israel were friends . 
  it was only natural that this would happen . 
  but why did syria and other arab countries hate israel . 
  because the israelis essentially stole their land and kicked everyone else out . 
  but how did they do that ? 
  through the british . 
  but why did the british do that ? 
  because of the nazis !, 
  ( 2 ) you get the idea . 
  i 'm not going to detail the events of the last 500 years . 
  but to say that because the us bombed iraq that they 're now responsible for everything bad which happens there is unreasonable . 
  per capita is more meaningless in this context . 
  saint lucia has the most nobel laureates per capita , that does n't mean they make the most academic contributions in the world . 
  edit : the us has also given more than all of the eu combined and the eu has a larger gdp than the us . 
  it 's not really a crisis . 
  the migrants in the us do n't get any government assitance . 
  they actually pay taxes but do n't reap any of the rewards . 
  where as immigrants in europe ( from outside the eu ) cost our economies more than they contribute . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_impact_of_illegal_immigrants_in_the_united_states#cost-benefit_analysis  professor of law francine lipman [ 57 ] writes that the belief that illegal migrants are exploiting the us economy and that they cost more in services than they contribute to the economy is `` undeniably false '' . 
  lipman asserts that `` illegal immigrants actually contribute more to public coffers in taxes than they cost in social services '' and `` contribute to the u.s. economy through their investments and consumption of goods and services ; filling of millions of essential worker positions resulting in subsidiary job creation , increased productivity and lower costs of goods and services ; and unrequited contributions to social security , medicare and unemployment insurance programs . '', 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/a33783-2004aug25.html  the study acknowledged that , on average , the costs that illegal-immigrant households bear on the federal government are less than half that of other households , and that * many of those costs relate to their u.s.-born children * ... 
  the costs of the children of immigrants are accounted for [ in the report ] , but not their contributions to the economy as workers and taxpayers , '' he said in a written statement , adding that the report 's conclusions were not helpful to the debate on immigration reform, 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html  immigrants who came to live in britain from outside europe cost the public purse nearly # 120 billion  the native population made a negative contribution in 12 years during the period , running to # 591 billion in total , as the british economy ran at a deficit  european migrants made an overall positive contribution to the british economy of # 4.4 billion huge different between immigrants from within the eu and immigrants from outside the eu . 
  one group has a net positive effect , the other group has a net negative effect . 
  so what should we do ? 
  cut benefits to refugees here ? 
  [ we are already doing that . 
  ] ( http://gu.com/p/4cf46/stw#block-55facc4ce4b022a8812f2d6b )  the draft bill , dated monday , would see refugees who have travelled to germany via other eu countries - and should therefore be under their jurisdiction , according to the dublin rules - refused the automatic benefits allowed under germany 's asylum seeker law . 
  they will only be given a travel ticket and provisions , the agency said . 
   in addition , refugees who can not be deported because they do n't have passports and refuse to give information on their country of origin will be refused the right to work and will lose social benefits . 
  now what ? 
  how much of british politeness comes from a concentrated effort , and how much of it is just social awkwardness ? 
   they also gave more money than other per capita to deal with such problems in other countries . 
  the uk out spends germany on foreign aid . 
  50 years ago the population of europe was more than double the population of africa . 
  in 10 years , africa will have more than double the population of europe . 
  the entire demographics of the world has shifted in single lifetime . 
  pretty scary when you think about it . 
  / r/overpopulation, 
  considering they enter with false documents ( the guy from the ama said he used a fake italian passport ) , i doubt you 're going to get accurate data on that . 
  i 'm sure it 's not many , but it 's more than zero . 
  the syrian who did an ama a couple days ago flew from turkey to germany . 
  all very common sense things . 
  what are the odds on this getting passed ? 
  the hungarian-serbian border is 318 km . 
  the us-mexican border is 3145 km . 
  also people live along the hungarian-serbian border . 
  large parts of the us-mexican border is uninhabitable . 
   and still , orbans response is , do n't let anyone in that was not his response . 
  he told the migrants they were free to enter hungary if they wanted to apply for asylum there . 
  the migrants responded by attacking the police at the border . 
  because of the violence caused by the migrants , the hungarian government decided to temporarily close that specific border crossing for 30 days until it is safe to reopen . 
   if they are proven to be rightful asylmn seeker asylum seekers , by definition , seek asylum . 
  but these people refuse to apply for asylum ( in france ) when offered . 
  bild is like the sun . 
  der spiegel is more like the guardian . 
  here is another video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtbfv7meagm, 
  the chance of them reaching the coast of the greek mainland is unlikely . 
  they 're going to land on an island first . 
  and could an island really be anymore of a perfect bottleneck ? 
  they show up , they ca n't go anywhere , and you take them by ferry to a processing centre . 
  has there been any polling on this ? 
  what percent of the population wants independence ? 
  it 's called the murray gell-mann amnesia effect  media carries with it a credibility that is totally undeserved . 
  you have all experienced this , in what i call the murray gell-mann amnesia effect . 
  ( i call it by this name because i once discussed it with murray gell-mann , and by dropping a famous name i imply greater importance to myself , and to the effect , than it would otherwise have . ), 
   briefly stated , the gell-mann amnesia effect works as follows . 
  you open the newspaper to an article on some subject you know well . 
  in murray 's case , physics . 
  in mine , show business . 
  you read the article and see the journalist has absolutely no understanding of either the facts or the issues . 
  often , the article is so wrong it actually presents the story backward-reversing cause and effect . 
  i call these the `` wet streets cause rain '' stories . 
  paper 's full of them . 
   in any case , you read with exasperation or amusement the multiple errors in a story-and then turn the page to national or international affairs , and read with renewed interest as if the rest of the newspaper was somehow more accurate about far-off palestine than it was about the story you just read . 
  you turn the page , and forget what you know . 
   that is the gell-mann amnesia effect . 
  i 'd point out it does not operate in other arenas of life . 
  in ordinary life , if somebody consistently exaggerates or lies to you , you soon discount everything they say . 
  in court , there is the legal doctrine of falsus in uno , falsus in omnibus , which means untruthful in one part , untruthful in all . 
   but when it comes to the media , we believe against evidence that it is probably worth our time to read other parts of the paper . 
  when , in fact , it almost certainly is n't . 
  the only possible explanation for our behavior is amnesia . 
  i never said they were refugees . 
  but premise is the same in the sense that most people think the refugees will go home when the war is over . 
  like the turkish immigrants , they will never go home . 
  so we need to focus on integration from day one . 
  for example , the refugees will have to send their children to schools in germany . 
  the turkish workers also had to send their children to schools in germany . 
  the difference is that in the schools for the turkish children , there was just was much importance placed on teaching them turkish language skills as there was in teaching them german . 
  because it was assumed they would need to know turkish for when they returned . 
  this time round , we need to put all of our efforts on teaching them german . 
  they travel in groups from a couple hundred to a couple thousand . 
  not hundreds of thousands at a time . 
  and detaining everyone is completely different from what / u/megiddox said which is bring order to the situation .
