   what you do n't get to see is that the majority are young men the manipulation of the media has by far been the most shameful part of this whole mess . 
  if they would simply report on the truth , instead prompting rumors and half-truths which cause us to waste all our energy with in-fighting , then we could have solved this by now . 
  it 's good that we 're experiencing this crisis for the first time now . 
  if this was 40 years from now , we would be fucked . 
  now we have time to learn from our mistakes and actually start developing ways to protect our borders while helping those outside of them . 
  baptism is a cultural thing . 
  if you were baptised then the government considered you to be christian unless you actually go to the church and tell them you want to leave . 
  there are lots of people in germany who are considering christians just because their parents baptised them , but who have no belief at all . 
  east germany is actually the least religious place on earth . 
  there was a study in east germany to find what percentage of people under 30 believed in religion . 
  they did n't find a single one . 
  religion here is dead . 
  it 's awesome . 
  we have n't had any attacks in germany yet . 
  but we 're probably next . 
  this the problem with all the anti islam groups . 
  they 're all also pro christian groups . 
  where 's the anti every religion group ? 
  that 's the one i want to support . 
  why is visa free tourist travel such a big deal ? 
  we already let lots of nationalities visit without visas . 
  that 's the point of trade sanctions . 
  sovereign states can make their own decisions . 
  turkey can decide not to stop migrants just like the eu can decide to sanction turkey for doing so . 
  rather than forcing a state to do something , you make the alternatives so unbearable that they `` decide '' to do it on their own . 
  unfortunately , might makes right . 
  hitler did nothing wrong, 
  britons love censorship , almost as much as germans . 
  the uk has strict libel laws for example . 
  working hard is for suckers . 
  russia won the popular vote , that 's what really counts imo . 
  we should get rid of the judges . 
  what 's the rule ? 
  i 'm british , but i live in germany and speak german and know more about german local news than british local news . 
  / r/murica 180k, 
  there 's a reason why it 's the 3rd generation immigrants who are joining isis . 
  their parents refused to adopt german culture and taught their children that the turkish way is better . 
  east germany , czech republic , estonia , ... 
   people need to believe i do n't . 
  lots of people do n't . 
  and that number is growing . 
  let 's just speed it up a bit by encouraging it . 
  the former soviet states are either just as religious as before or less . 
  i said the soviets went too far . 
  be we can take humane inspiration from them . 
  yup . 
  the whole thing is stupid . 
  i do n't know how people convince themselves that any of it is true . 
  you mean if you bring a bunch of people from a place where they do n't respect women , then the people you bring wo n't respect women ? 
  i was told they were all liberals and going to be our new doctors and engineers . 
  there 's a reason east germany and the czech republic are two of the least religious places on earth . 
  state suppression of religion works . 
  i 'm not suggesting we start killing people like the soviets did , but there 's no reason why the state ca n't nudge people in that direction . 
  public schools should teach logic and reasoning and apply them to holy texts . 
  point out the flaws and inconsistencies . 
  make it difficult to build new churches and mosques . 
  but this will never happen in germany . 
  too many christians . 
  we 'll never assimilate anyone as long as different religions exist . 
  just get rid of all of them . 
  they 'll make a great addition to our society !, 
  tolerance of intolerance is evil . 
  should have deported them . 
  if you commit violence , gtfo, 
  exactly !, 
  such as ? 
  ( other than turkey ), 
  most religious people pick and chose the parts they like and ignore the parts they do n't . 
  the whole thing is arbitrary . 
  can i call myself a christian if i do n't believe the world was created in 7 days ? 
  what if i do n't believe in that jesus was the literal son of god ? 
  what if i 'm not quite sure about this whole god thing anyways ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  can i call myself a muslim if i feel like it ? 
  religion is a crock of shite anyways . 
  we should be ridiculing people who this belive in it . 
  i live in east germany , the least religious place on earth . 
  please do not bring your shitty religion here . 
  there 's no place for it here . 
  i 'll come to sweden and you can teach me . 
   this is the same reason why christianity should n't be judged for the crusades . 
  true . 
  christianity should be judged for it 's evil , anti-women , anti-gay , anti-bacon , pro-slavery ideology, 
  there is this great podcast called * this american life . 
  * the latest episode contains an interview with a victim of female genital mutilation . 
  she confronted her parents when she was older and asked why they did it . 
  her parents told her that it was tradition and not to question it . 
  she persisted . 
  so the parents made another counter argument . 
  i shit you not , what they said was : `` if you 're going to question why we do fgm , then why not question everything we do ? 
  why do n't we eat pork ? 
  why we pray 5 times a day ? '', 
  i 'm listening to this thinking ... `` uh ... yeah , why do n't you question that stuff as well ? '', 
  sadly , the irony was lost on parents and the girl and they 're both still devout . 
  it 's crazy how people can become so indoctrinated that they accept the validity of a tradition simply because it is a tradition . 
  the girl knew ( as any sane person knows ) that fgm is fundamentally wrong . 
  she was able to see that and become a spokesman against it . 
  but because not eating pork is n't immoral , she 's accepts that tradition as still being valid . 
  the mental gymnastics that religious people can do to make the word of god match their existing world view is outstanding . 
  because ultimately , religion is about preventing you from thinking too much .
