  either way , slapping women is wrong and we should n't tolerate it . 
  tolerance of intolerance is cowardice . 
  the regressive left would do well to remember that . 
  if we ca n't do everything , then we should n't do anything . 
  great advice !, 
  i 'm in favour of reasonable bans which address real world problems . 
  you are taking the fundamentalist perspective that there 's no difference between banning x and banning y , or no difference between forcing someone to wear a and forcing them to not wear b. 
  my comment was a sarcastic attempt to show you how not all bans are the same . 
  and that telling someone that they ca n't wear a swastika t-shirt is n't the same as forcing them to wear certain style of dress . 
  i assume they feel like this : https://m.reddit.com/r/exmuslim/comments/4arvh6/hijabs_jilbabs_niqabs_burka/, 
  this is the problem . 
  * you * think it 's a way to get back at muslims . 
  but that 's not why * we * want to ban it . 
  so you 're against us for holding positions that we do n't actually hold . 
  we 're against the burqa because it 's a tool of oppression and segregation . 
  some women choose to wear it , some women chose to let their husbands hit them , it does n't mean most do it voluntarily , and it does n't mean we should tolerate it . 
  when men stop forcing women to wear it , then we can unban it . 
  but until then , the only way to help the women forced in to it is to also deny the freedom to wear it of the people who chose it voluntarily . 
  luckily , the * vast * majority of women who wear it are coerced into doing so , so a ban helps far more people than it hurts . 
  i suggest you visit some of the exmuslim subreddits , where people will speak candidly , and ask them what they think of the burqa and what it 's purpose is . 
  all bad things my friend . 
  swastika t-shirts and ss uniforms ? 
  i am going to take a photo and pm it to you next time i see a women wearing a burqa in berlin . 
  because it does happen . 
  i see a burqa at least once a week in ne\u00fckolln . 
  niqab probably 2-3 times a week . 
  and hijab multiple times daily . 
  the tolerance of intolerance is cowardice . 
  forcing someone to wear something and forcing someone * not * to wear something are very different acts . 
  i 'm sure you feel the same way about swastika t-shirts right ? 
  no shit . 
  people in this thread have no concept of history or reality . 
  `` you ca n't bomb an idea '' except that nazism was an ideology , and it 's not around anymore , but it still would be if not for all the bombs . 
  people , sometimes you need to deal with the reality of the situation . 
  i do n't think symbols should be banned . 
  but i recognise that banning the swastika in 1945 was a good idea and that if it was n't banned , it could have been used as a way for people to openly show their support for nazism and rally behind that cause and maybe germany would be a different , worse , place today . 
  i think we could unban the swastika and it would n't cause that much trouble now , but i also do n't see what benefits it would have to society , so let 's not bother . 
  same with the burqa . 
  it 's forced upon women as a tool of segregation and that can not be allowed . 
  ban it for a generation and allow everyone to be a part of society . 
  once the culture of forcing the burqa upon women is gone , then we can talk about unbanning it . 
  but you people have to realize that the only reason banning the burqa is a discussion point is because of how often it is forced upon women as a way to oppress them . 
  it 's not just a religious symbol that people hate . 
  it is a weapon which is often used to do violence towards women . 
  that 's why we want it banned . 
  if the words got mixed up a bit , and actually men did n't force women to wear the burqa , instead they hit them with a cane each night , then none of you would be defending their right to religious expression . 
  you talk about defending freedom and western values , but then as soon we tweak the parameters just a little , you crumble . 
  being tolerant does not be being tolerant of intolerance . 
  the burqa goes against female equality . 
  that 's is more important than your right to wear a silly costume , especially a costume designed to keep you from taking part in society . 
  banning the burqa is a support of western values . 
  and it proves our ability to work within reality to solve problems instead of only spitting out idealistic slogans . 
  if this debate was happening because some new age religion wanted to dress up little girls like strippers , most the people here would n't be defending their religious right to do that . 
  or what if their religious ceremony ended with them fucking the little kids . 
  would you be tolerant of their right to religious expression ? 
  obviously fucking not . 
  so do n't talk about defending ideas and values when you only care about them if they line up with what you already believe . 
  we do n't live in fantasy world . 
  this is realpolitik . 
  spot on . 
  a refreshingly accurate comment . 
  unfortunately , it 'll never happen . 
  instead , millions more people will come into europe , terrorist attacks with be the catalyst for a real far right moment in europe , and then holocaust 2.0 is going to happen . 
  we could avoid this by just doing the sane thing right now . 
  but nah , it 's easier to just let the far right take power and have them sort it out . 
  yes , i 've seen that many times . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world#/media/file%3acold_war_alliances_mid-1975.svg ), 
  switzerland already is , by definition , a 3rd world country . 
  they were neutral during the cold war . 
  in berlin it 's normal, 
  i have a yearly pass . 
  i do n't validate anything, 
  berlin - drugs, 
  the active battle groups rotate , but the lead country is always the same https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup  the troops and equipment are drawn from the eu member states under a `` lead nation '' . 
  yeah . 
  and the border is about the same size as the border barrier that [ hungary just built ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_border_barrier ) . 
  but people can just take boats a couple kilometres to a greek island like they do now . 
  right now the turkish police tries to stop people taking boats the greece . 
  they could start selling boats instead if they wanted . 
  my point is that it 's not an outrageous idea that scotland could join the nordic council . 
  edinburgh is at the same latitude as copenhagen . 
  the geography checks out . 
  but also , money and oil . 
  what purpose would that serve ? 
  nato is n't a best friends forever club , it 's a strategic military alliance . 
  do you want a war ? 
  because that 's how you get a war . 
  i ca n't wait for scotland to go independent and then join the nordic council before esti, 
  they lead the [ balkan battleground ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkan_battlegroup ) . 
  which apparently also includes ukraine . 
  til ... 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_security_and_defence_policy  the mutual assistance clause , inspired by article v of the weu treaty , states that ` if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power basically , the eu is required to come to the aid of any eu country which is attacked . 
  but also ...  the clause , however , includes a caveat that ` commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the north atlantic treaty organisation nato military obligations effectively override eu military obligations . 
  but honestly , none of this really matters . 
  this is greece were talking about . 
  serbia / kosovo / yugoslavia was never part of the eu or nato , but that did n't stop nato countries from getting involved and bombing yugoslavia . 
  the idea of turkey attacking greece is completely ridiculous . 
  the us and the rest of europe would get involved , and turkey knows that . 
  they have nothing to gain from starting a conflict . 
  the only thing turkey can reasonably do to `` attack '' and get away with it , is sending millions of middle eastern migrants over the border .
