  they do work , and they work really well . 
  the argument should be about whether the barriers should exist at all . 
  whether or not they 'll work is an answered question . 
  they work . 
  that 's what those voters thought , but it 's not going to happen . 
  the people who think westminster is going to implement all the great eu laws like net neutrality are going to be disappointed . 
  i bet a lot of those people did n't realize though , and are going to be in for a rude awakening in 30 years time when brexit happens . 
  that already happens . 
  do you understand the difference between putting an elevator in a building and constructing a space elevator ? 
  it 's pretty trivial to build a border which stops almost everyone . 
  look at the berlin wall for example . 
  the number of people crossing went from millions in a couple years to only hundreds over a couple decades . 
  look at the north-south korean border . 
  look at the israeli west bank barrier . 
  it 's easy to do . 
  but there 's a catch . 
  no wall can stop anyone who is determined to cross it . 
  all the wall can do is slow someone down enough for border guards to shoot them . 
  and that 's the catch . 
  unless you 're actually going to staff a european border with armed men , it wo n't make a lick of difference . 
  a massive 3000km border fence is n't even comparable to a small fence around a single train station . 
  it 's like you 're using lifts in buildings as proof against the claim that a space elevator is impractical . 
  there 's a different between a 3000km border fence and a small fence around a single location . 
  not every fence is a bad idea or impractical . 
  also , the more people who we save , the more people who will attempt the crossing , and the more people who will drown . 
  by saving the boats , we are actually letting more people drown by encouraging/rewarding risky behavior . 
  that article also says that population growth is increasing in africa whereas many people thought it would decelerate like in south america . 
  it says that by 2050 , over 50 % of the world population will be in africa , the poorest continent on earth . 
  what happens when a war breaks out ? 
  or a drought ? 
  with climate change , we 're going to see a billion people knocking on our door and we 're completely unprepared for it . 
  hopefully this current migrant crisis teaches us a thing or two , because it 's nothing about what 's going to happen . 
  it 's not growing as quickly , but it 's still growing . 
  that is n't expected to change anytime soon . 
  what happens in 100 years when climate change displaces 2 billion people in africa ? 
  are they all going to come live in europe ? 
  this current migrant crisis is just a practice run for what 's in store . 
  and by the way we 're handling it , we 're ducked when something big actually happens . 
  climbing over the fence we 're about to build . 
  that 's fine . 
  then they get put into the asylum queue . 
  right now they refuse to apply for asylum . 
  france has a bunch of random unknown people living in their country who refuse to apply for asylum or cooperate in any way . 
  literally camps full of criminals who assault british trucks and try to make illegal border crossings . 
  the fact that france believes that its not their responsibility is completely shameful . 
  there is no legitimate argument that says this is n't their responsibility . 
  the only claim they have , is that they do n't want it to be their problem , so therefore it is n't . 
  utterly shameful . 
  this already happens . 
  many british truck drivers refuse to stop their vehicle after they 've left belgium because they know they 'll be attacked or have people sneak on board . 
  yup . 
  this should n't even be up for debate . 
  if you are in france , then you are not fleeing a war . 
  and if you refuse to apply for asylum , then you are not an asylum seeker . 
  the uk should be able to sue the french government for allowing camps like calais , which disrupt british businesses and send people illegally into britain , to exist . 
  borders walls do n't mean anything unless you defend them . 
  are the bulgarians willing to do what the hungarians did and fire tear gas at groups of migrants trying to storm the border ? 
  also does nothing to stop the island problem . 
  the bbc gets a lot of flak , but they are n't afraid to sit a politician down and ask them difficult questions repeatedly until they get a real answer . 
  the regressive left is ruining society because they believe in unlimited tolerance . 
  normal people disagree with that notion . 
  stormfront can fuck off as well . 
   never exposed to the idea of not wearing the burka we 're talking about people who live in germany . 
  first of all , it 's a * massive * assumption to say that instead of being allowed out in the burqa , they wo n't be allowed out at all . 
  wearing a burqa is cumbersome , but it 's not nearly as disruptive to your life as never leaving the house . 
  who is going to do the grocery shopping ? 
  who is going to walk the kids home from school ? 
  regularly leaving the house is inevitable . 
  the family unit wo n't be able to function otherwise . 
  and it 's not like these women were leaving the house to go meet their girlfriends at the club , or watch star trek in 3d . 
  their movement is already restricted by their husband . 
  but what banning the burqa does mean , is that when these women leave the house , they will be part of society . 
  they wo n't be hidden from it . 
  they wo n't be removed from it . 
  and when these women are allowed to be part of society , they 'll become influenced by it . 
  people on the street will say hello to them . 
  they 'll see that not wearing a burqa is n't that big of a deal . 
  they 'll get used to it , just like how they got used to wearing the burqa in the first place . 
  when everyone stops wearing it , there is no longer any shame in being the only women on your street not to wear it . 
  and their daughters will grow up without ever having known the burqa . 
  and this tool of oppression , this method of hiding women away , of removing them from society , of isolating them from society , we be eradicated both physically and culturally . 
  and that is a good thing !, 
  i love this . 
  the same people who claim that everyone is equal , are the ones who go on to talk about how it 's our responsibility to civilize the noble savage . 
  white man 's burden anyone ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways mate . 
  either you think ( a ) muslims are not as intelligent as we are , and it 's up to us to enlighten them , or ( b ) they know exactly what they 're doing , men oppress women because it benefits the man to have that power and control , and their religion allows them to justify this oppression . 
  personally , i 'm going for option b. i 'm not so egotistical as to believe that muslims are savages and only we , the west , have the power to educate and civilize them . 
  but apparently you are . 
  they live here . 
  most of them were born here . 
  the `` better way '' exists all around them and always has done . 
  symbolism is important . 
  if you do n't realize that , then you 're an idiot . 
  suppose men were slapping women . 
  i propose that we ban slapping women . 
  you say , `` if they ca n't slap them , then they 'll punch them and that 's worse . '', 
  you are proposing that because banning men from slapping women wo n't end all abuse of women , that we should n't outlaw the slapping of women . 
  whereas i believe that slapping women is wrong . 
  if they start punching women instead , then we ban that as well .
