  when the uk leaves , ireland will be the only country with an opt out . 
  it 's possible that they will join the schengen area and this will resolve its self . 
  it does n't come from the eu . 
  it comes from individual eu members, 
  i would happily lose my visa waiver with the us in the name of european solidarity . 
  although i highly doubt they would actually do that . 
  it would be a pointless act of self harm and who would do that ? 
  well , actually ... maybe they would ... 
  we should get rid of national passports . 
  you should have a national id card , and an eu passport . 
  we 're all citizens of the eu and the rest of the world should treat our citizens based on our eu citizenship and not our local citizenship . 
  imagine if germany had seperate visa requirements for california and new york . 
  we 're already treated as a single eu nation for the purpose of international trade and membership in the wto . 
  if our companies are treated as eu companies , then our citizens should be treated as eu citizens . 
  sure, 
  sweden has n't been in a war in 200 years ( not counting various un peacekeeping missions ) . 
  they do n't need conscription for defense . 
  and if not enough people want to volunteer for peacekeeping missions , then they should improve the conditions and the wages of the soldiers . 
  war does n't work like that anymore . 
  there will never be another ww2 in europe , because the nukes will come out long before it reaches a state of total war . 
  who would have thought that self driving cars would be the end of the hungarian military, 
  the world has enough people . 
  yup . 
  the official code should be changed . 
  gb is the iso country code for the uk . 
  christ , americans really do breed a lot . 
  free movement only applies to eu citizens . 
  a syrian hitchhiking from greece to germany is not covered by free movement , it 's already completely illegal . 
  perhaps we could split libya into 4 different administrative zones ? 
  a french zone , a russian zone , etc. 
  come on , it 's not an act of war . 
  letting your people flood into europe and then refusing to take them back is far more aggressive . 
  we asked nicely and they said no . 
  a company could mandate that all of their documents are written in english , but they do n't . 
  your lease is n't in english . 
  you still need to know german to live in germany . 
  it 's up to the universities to decide who they want to accept, 
  i still think current migrants will be safe . 
  there 's over 4 million people they would have to process otherwise . 
  everyone speaks english , not everyone speaks german or french . 
  i am hoping that all eu citizens in the uk and all brits in the eu will be able to stay where they are . 
  otherwise you need to deport or handle visa applications for over 4 million people . 
  it 's not practical . 
  i personally think the eu should give british nationals free movement to the eu , even if they do n't reciprocate . 
  there 's no downside for us . 
  the british government pays to educate them , then they move to the eu to work and live . 
  it 's a brain drain in our favour . 
  automatics are better . 
  these days you have a computer calculating the exact time to switch gears and the computer can switch gears better than the average human . 
  even race car drivers use semi-automatics . 
  there 's no reason for an average person to drive a manual over an automatic . 
  i ca n't wait until all cars are * fully * automatic ( self driving ) . 
  if you use ublock or adblock , then you can add this filter list to block all the eu cookie popups . 
  they think the west does n't deserve the quality of life and our wealth is really just stolen from them . 
  the `` russian route '' was never serious . 
  russia would never let hundreds of thousands of people walk aimlessly across their country without any oversight . 
  you mean whisky, 
  iso code for the uk is gb . 
  which is stupid , but that 's the standard . 
  first they ban swastikas in games . 
  now they 're going to take away our simulator games !, 
  the berlin police are great on twitter . 
  sometimes they live tweet in english and it 's really funny . 
  we also give lots of weapons to isreal . 
  they ca n't be pleased with that . 
  will that work at speeds above 1,900 km/h at an altitude higher than 18,000 m ? 
  from berlin , definitely wrong . 
  it 's both . 
  religion is just a form of cultural . 
  it 's not about banning something , its about banning another ban . 
  some versions of islam ban women from wearing whatever they want and forces them into the burqa , so we pass a law which bans the burqa in order to give them more freedom and create a more open society . 
  i know someone is going to make a comment like `` outlawing things makes you more free ? 
  lol . '', 
  so i 'll address that right now . 
  yes , sometimes it does . 
  outlawing murder makes me free to walk down the street in relative security . 
  outlawing burglary makes me free to go outside instead of staying home guarding all my stuff . 
  replace `` religion '' with `` cult '' and you have your answer . 
  i think may is playing the religious card in order to divert criticism . 
  `` why did you fuck up the country may ? '', 
  `` oh , i was just following what god wanted me to do . '', 
   because it will come up sooner or later for these women , probably not . 
  people do n't understand the word `` force . '', 
  they focus on it to derail the conversation . 
  someone will say that some muslim women in germany are forced to wear the hijab . 
  and someone will retort that they 're not literally being forced at gun point to wear it . 
  but that ignores the fact that force does n't just mean to physically force something . 
  from the oed :  coercion or compulsion , especially with the use or threat of violence coercion * is * force . 
  the state is forcing her to partake in the lessons and her religion ( or parents ) are forcing her not to . 
  both are true . 
  the person you replied to , i think when he said no one is `` forced '' to participate in anything , he was using the limited definition and meant that no one is physically forced to do it . 
  i much prefer the spd over the cdu , but right now , we need stability in the world . 
  merkel is that stability . 
  she can be a globally uniting force , because people know who she is . 
  her spd replacement wo n't get nearly the same level of media coverage abroad that merkel has . 
  i think we ought to hold onto her for a few more years . 
  the person i replied to said `` population growth '' not `` population growth * rate * '' year | population | growth | growth rate -- | -- | -- | -- 2013 | 7,181,715,139 | 84,214,686 | 1.19 % 2012 | 7,097,500,453 | 84,073,401 | 1.2 % 2011 | 7,013,427,052 | 83,702,009 | 1.21 % http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/world-population-by-year/ for those years , the population increased , the population growth increased , but the population grow * rate * decreased . 
  that 's what i meant by population growth is increasing but decelerating . 
  although according to that website , population growth * and * population growth rate have been decreasing since 2014 . 
  it looks like net growth has finally peaked .
