  at least not in germany . 
  but of course that is entirely up to the provider and not the client . 
  1.5 million migrants . 
  let 's say they have 3-4 children . 
  15 million germans . 
  1.5-2 children . 
  that would make 20 % of the next generation the descendants of these migrants . 
  and that 's just counting the ones who are here today . 
  there was an episode of planet money on ab testing that covers facebooks removal policy and how it works . 
  they said a human checks everything . 
  i assume you used quotes because the technically correct character is \u1e9e ? 
  no \u00df ? 
  are you allowed to play two s tiles instead ? 
  i 've never played scramble in germany . 
  and taxes are optional, 
  or extermination during the robot uprising . 
  a model who is 167cm and 70kg is considered overweight by bmi . 
  if you think plus size models who weigh more than that will be banned , you 're having a laugh . 
  then they should have just made a law requiring models to be a healthy weight , do n't discriminate either way . 
  you find out where home is after they 're willing to cooperate with you . 
  did you even read the comment ? 
  you can learn b1 french or german in like a year . 
  that 's enough to find a job . 
  lock them up for entering the country illegal and then send them home once they 're willing to cooperate . 
  if they refuse and want to spend more time in jail , that is 100 % their choice . 
  expat is anyone living outside their home country . 
  immigrant is someone who is permanently settled outside of their home country . 
  all immigrants are expats , not all expats are immigrants . 
  during the referendum , polls showed that the majority of scots supported leaving the uk if the uk was going to leave the eu . 
  this is n't a new phenomenon . 
  if brexit polls showed then what they show now , scotland would have voted yes . 
  the sharia police kinda are fashion police . 
  neuk\u00f6lln is already 40 % immigrants . 
  a couple more wo n't change much . 
  an immigrant to our continent that is actually a real threat and it 's ignored by almost all the media . 
  this also happened in hungary . 
  this is what happens when one country is able to defend it 's borders and the other countries refuse to defend theirs . 
   tensions had increased because of heightened security around the ports and channel tunnel terminal , leaving refugees with no option but to stow away on a lorry . 
  i can think of several other options . 
  one of the key parts of being an asylum seeker is that you ... seek asylum . 
  these people refuse to apply for asylum , so in that case just kick them out . 
  it is your job to register undocumented migrants living in your part of the schengen area . 
  you ca n't wear a nazi uniform in germany . 
  donner kabab was invented in berlin . 
  it 's the best . 
  also why does n't anyone mention that trying to raise the birth rate is only a temporary solution . 
  the planet can not support an infinite number of people . 
  some day , population growth needs to slow down . 
  why not make it today ? 
  we do n't need people to work low skill jobs to support our pensions . 
  we need automation so that a smaller working population is so productive that enough wealth is generated to support a larger retired one . 
  encrypted drives are easier than ever to create . 
  look up lkus and dm-crypt . 
  and gnupg is n't going anywhere . 
  the second hand effect of eating meat ( climate change ) is arguable worse than second smoke . 
  you make the mistake of assuming people deserve the money they have . 
  like they 've earned it in some way . 
  if i make a game in 10hrs of work and it happens to be a hit , the millions i make from that are 90 % a result of luck . 
  i did n't earn that money . 
  you might have a job . 
  but without state education , infrastructure , etc , you would have nothing . 
  you owe society for everything you have . 
  communism = / = state capitalism socialisation = / = nationalisation, 
  russia should join nato, 
  furrys are made fun of all the time . 
  first one i strongly disagree with . 
  depends . 
  it can be easy to fall asleep looking at statistics . 
  the photo of the dead boy on the beach was n't about that one boy . 
  it was symbolic of all the children who are affected by the crisis . 
  you need statistics for policies , but you need symbols to be able to relate to things . 
  discourage meat consumption , encourage exercise , domestic travel , and build a strong family social structure . 
  do n't sound like a bad ideas . 
  i also really like the imposing soviet monuments and art work . 
  but it 's not something you could replicate today without being tacky . 
  a little bit of nationalism never hurt anyone . 
  by `` international group '' they mean mainly the us and eu , with possible support from russia and china . 
  basically , we are the people who rule the world . 
  at the very least we elect the people who rule it . 
  this `` international group '' does what we tell it to do . 
  depends where in the us and where in europe . 
  london and nyc are very similar cities with similar people and even weather . 
  but life in leipzig and miami is going to be completely different . 
  all essential items should be vat free . 
  food in the supermarket , clothes , essential items like toilet paper , tampons , and toothbrushes . 
  we should tax things that are bad like co2 and not things that are good like working and toothbrushes . 
  you 're partially right . 
  the numbers are going to drop as winter comes . 
  in 6 months time , everyone will have forgotten about what it was like during the summer and no one will have put any realistic measures in place to deal with it . 
  then summer next year will happen and we 'll still be completely unprepared . 
  so is part of turkey . 
  the distinction between europe , asia , and eurasia is entirely political and not geographical . 
  we could try an ancient athenian republic . 
  where the leaders are picked at random and serve fixed terms , kind of like jurors . 
  but they also executed the people who did a terrible job and took bribes and fucked things up . 
  so maybe that 's why it worked . 
  in this context i think a better way to phrase this is socialisation = / = nationalisation, 
  yes . 
  the swiss who live in ( northern ) germany are pretty cool though . 
  it 's because house prices have gone so high .
