  that 's why i said `` if i remember correctly . '', 
  i 'll look , but i consumed so much indyref media at the time that it could have even been from a podcast . 
  i do n't know . 
  edit : this is from november 2014 http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/11/01/scottish-independence-_n_6086900.html  meanwhile , 55 % are in favour of a second independence referendum if the uk votes to leave the european union in 2017 . 
  but i 'm really sure there were other polls which were higher . 
  vote snp to get more power given to holyrood . 
  then vote green to get mps in holyrood where they actually have a chance of winning a seat . 
  if i remember correctly , the polls for independence were about 50/50 . 
  but if you changed the question to say `` would you vote for independence if the uk was going to leave the eu '' then about 80 % of people supported independence . 
  and the uk leaving the eu is n't actually a crazy idea that could never happen . 
  [ look at the polls ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#2015 ) . 
  56 % to stay and 34 % to leave . 
  the spread on scottish independence started off larger than that , and it almost passed . 
  manchester alone has half the population that all of scotland has . 
  it does n't make sense to decentralize much further than holyrood . 
  the tax year also starts in april because of of the julian calendar , even though the rest of europe switched 500 years ago . 
  brits love their traditions . 
  you can vote by mail . 
  the day should n't matter . 
  at that point just have mandatory voting . 
  wait really ? 
  that 's not what your link says . 
  i was just about to walk over there ... 
   from what we know of his psychology , the most likely possibility is that he will commit suicide in the event of defeat . 
  it 's probably true he has an inordinate fear of death , but possibly being a psychopath he would undoubtedly weigh his options and perform the deed . 
  hmm , maybe there 's something to this report . 
   the only thing we do n't have to do is to stand to attention in front of the goddam british . 
  when that happens , i 'll stick a bullet in my head . 
  but * why * should your taxes change when you get married if its just the same as any other relationship ? 
  vice just did an episode about this . 
  white foreigners using poor indians for surrogacy . 
  oh boy , here come the downvotes . 
  i support gay marriage , but how is a normal relationship different from marriage if you can just get divorced and remarried ? 
  i think the process of divorce should be a lot more difficult . 
  otherwise , what is the point ? 
  the [ osce troops ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrdxm0r.jpg ) look like futuristic space police . 
  esti is welcome, 
  the turkish people who live here are by definition the ones who did n't want to live in turkey anymore . 
  they 're different . 
  i think i found the place to put all those refugees who keep coming here ... 
  those are some disgusting photos . 
  i ca n't wait for my taxes to start supporting those people . 
  we need to send more than money . 
  send soldiers with guns.the spanish moroccan border is tiny . 
  it 's not like the us-mexico border . 
  we should be able to defend it . 
  presumably , by `` immigrants '' they 're not including illegal immigrants and refugees . 
  i think if the poll was about accepting refugees and illegal immigrants , the number of supportive people would be a lot lower . 
  so why the hell are we still accepting all these people !, 
  it 's about the germans in ww2 . 
  the optimists are learning english , the pessimists are learning russian . 
  i think it 's from a movie . 
  the guy who makes that video about british outlets being the best also has a good video on this . 
  right . 
  i 'm just saying that for 500 $ a month i had an awesome flat . 
  so for 200-300 $ / month you should be able to find a pretty good one . 
  if you also live with other people in a wg situation , then it will be even cheaper . 
  i live in berlin . 
  there are a lot of gay clubs and a lot of gay people . 
  i 'd say berlin is one of the most accepting cities in the world . 
  and i do n't mean just for gays , but for everyone . 
  there are a lot of weird people here and no one seems to care . 
  however , parts of berlin have a quite large turkish population . 
  i wonder if you would get harassed for being flamboyantly gay in one of those neighborhoods ? 
  i 've never thought about it . 
  i lived on the 16th floor ( top floor ) of a block apartment building in the center of the city . 
  i had a very nice flat . 
  a big bedroom , a big living room , and a separate office . 
  heat , electric , and internet included . 
  i paid 2000pln ( 500 $ ) a month . 
  i kind of miss it , because now i 'm paying 1000 $ / month in berlin for a flat which has a combination living room-kitchen , a smaller bedroom , and no office . 
  plus it just is n't as nice in general . 
  if i could learn polish ( i tried , believe me i tried ) then i would probably move back . 
  i still drink tyskie more than any other beer . 
  edit : i would highly recommend you give it a shot . 
  poland is a very promising country . 
  it was one of the only countries in the world to avoid the global recession . 
  it really is on the up-and-up . 
  it really stands out amongst any of the other post-communist countries i 've visited . 
  it means i can buy a 500ml bottle of beer for 0,79 $ at real when that same beer costs about # 2 in tesco . 
  this is a fantastic idea . 
  if you pay a tv license , then you get the iplayer . 
  for most brits , nothing would change . 
  but foreigners would have the opportunity to contribute to the bbc instead of a vpn . 
  this also solves the current problem where you only need a tv license if you have a tv . 
  so there are lots of brits right now who use the iplayer on their computer/tablet and do n't have to pay a license fee . 
  this would be awesome . 
  there are lots of shows on british netflix that you ca n't get on german netflix . 
  i use a vpn , but i should n't have to . 
  i do n't drive , so i have n't kept informed on this issue . 
  i thought this was about the fees which are only applied to lorries/commercial vehicles . 
  i did n't realize they made a new road toll which is going to affect everyone . 
  on a cerebral level , i think the whole idea is pretty fucked up . 
  private citizens need to pay a fee just to drive their car to work ? 
  i did n't mind when it was just commercial vehicles , but this is messed up . 
  but ... then again ... 
  i personally do n't drive . 
  this just means the people who do drive will be paying more in taxes to maintain the roads they use . 
  it does n't really affect me . 
  my taxes might even go down if the revenue from these fees have a noticeable impact .
