  the soviets rebuilt a lot of the historical buildings in warsaw . 
  but they put them all in a row in one small area . 
  and they did n't have the original plans , so they built them based on these paintings they found which were often wildly inaccurate . 
  krak\u00f3w is one of the most beautiful cities in the world though . 
  the amount of jaywalking in the uk is crazy . 
  i also liked how in poland , late at night , the traffic lights would turn off and just flash the middle yellow light as a warning . 
  so you never had to sit at a red light in the middle of the night with no one around . 
  there 's a lot of poles in the uk now . 
  polish women are the best . 
  there 's no open wifi anywhere in germany :( you can get on freifunk in a few areas in berlin , but that 's the exception . 
  end-to-end really depends on where you 're going . 
  you 're not going to sleep in the airport or the main train station . 
  i 'm sure you could pick a hotel location which makes train travel slightly cheaper or air travel slightly cheaper depending on the bias you want to show . 
  the fact is , it 's close . 
  and it should n't be . 
  it costs # 4 and takes 30min to get to the edinburgh airport . 
  getting around anywhere in london is going expensive no matter where you arrive . 
  i personally had a family pick me up at heathrow in a car . 
  it 's still going to be cheaper to fly . 
  which just does n't make sense . 
  it 's so much worse for the environment . 
  fuel should be taxed more and railways should be subsidized more . 
  first thing is to renationalize the railways ... 
  edinbrugh to london plane - 1h 30m - # 37 train - 4h 20m - # 52 i usually prefer to take the train , i do n't mind if it 's slower . 
  but why the hell is it more expensive ? 
  same with germany . 
  it 's just impossible to find qualified engineers . 
  the numerals look out of place amongst all the cyrillic, 
  it 's because they have an idealized notion in their head which does n't match up with reality . 
  this is awesome . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  he is swiss ... so yes, 
  we need to put a stop to the double irish , the dutch sandwich , ect . 
  but some do n't want taxes as high as in other countries . 
  and many of them do n't need it . 
  5 is an exaggeration , it 's more like 2 or maybe 3 . 
  for $ 3.50 at a supermarket you can get 300g of th\u00fcringer rostbratwurst and it 's fucking delicious . 
  so i 'm not defending mcdonalds , just pointing out that it is cheap and easy food . 
  last time i got a burger at mcd ( normal burger , not a big mac ) it was $ 1, 
  that 's just sad, 
  25.3 - shit . 
  need to go outside sometime this week . 
  i 'm surprised by this because german food is so unhealthy . 
  they 're palaces for the people . 
  i 'm british and living in germany . 
  i have the right for my american wife to live with me in germany . 
  there are almost no restrictions on this . 
  but i could n't live in the uk with her without going through a lot of hassle , paying massive fees , ect . 
  but a german in the uk would be able to bring their foreign wife no problem . 
  so sometimes you have more rights than the locals because the eu treaties guarantee you certain rights that the countries do n't need to give to their own citizens . 
  i did n't know the uk worked the most full time hours in the entire eu . 
  living in a new country is easy and rewarding . 
  you do n't have to stay for life . 
  i left the uk for germany . 
  no regrets . 
  trying to find enough things to do with all my money, 
  would you ? 
  this is it, 
  reminds me of this trailer - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpywhf0vqbs [ steam link ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/58610/ ), 
  only allah can decide laws, 
  british muslims have active `` do n't vote '' campaigns . 
  he did n't have to pander to them anyways . 
  temporarily giving someone a place to stay . 
  except these are n't temporary . 
  none of them plan on going home . 
  why do we have so many ? 
  wtf ? 
  if no one wants them , then no one should be required to take them . 
  it 's not the job of the eu to decide morality for my country . 
  and university fees was a failed experiment . 
  just increase the petrol tax and you get the same effect but it fair and good for the environment, 
  this is when i burst out laughing, 
  berlin is not germany . 
  we really should just form our own country . 
  duo lingo is my favorite app . 
  i do n't know if they do chinese tho, 
  english is the easiest language to learn for the simple reason that it is fucking everywhere . 
  are we the baddies ? 
  haha . 
  this is great, 
  could repost them please ? 
  he deleted his comment . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_war_memorial_%28tiergarten%29  it has earned some unflattering nicknames , such as the `` tomb of the unknown rapist '' , from the local population with references to crimes committed by soviet occupation troops . 
  by attacking , i did n't think they meant `` attacking '' and sinking the boats . 
  i thought they were going to intercept them and send everyone back . 
  i 'm going to read the article now . . edit : how are they going to identify these passenger ships ? 
  it 's not like they 're cruise liners . 
  they 're going to end up sinking a bunch of fishing ships and destroying everything that is n't an official registered boat . 
  and considering libya is a failed state , there are no official boats . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  when russia attacked ukraine , did n't they technically break some rules which could cause them to lose their seat on the security council ? 
  no one brings it up because they still have nuclear weapons , but i do n't think russia wants to start intervening in security affairs they have no business with . 
  because maybe some countries will start intervening in their security affairs . 
  putin acts tough , but he 's not insane . 
  why do we even need un approval for this ? 
  could we not just attack the boats once they reach international or eu 's territorial waters ? 
  and people wonder why the snp is so popular . 
  scotland is a different nation . 
  they have different values . 
  let them do their own thing .
