  my bet is dublin . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index do you notice what the top 4 global financial capitals have in common ? 
  a english based system of law . 
  corporations favour that type of tax system . 
  also , ireland is already quickly becoming the host of many large companies because of their tax loopholes . 
  no they wo n't . 
  everyone says this , but it wo n't happen . 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/grayinglasgow/status/748830559430926336  robert fico , prime minister of slovakia & next president of the european union , has offered to help scotland 's transition to independence . 
   `` slovaks & czechs have a unique experience of peaceful separation & we are willing to share our experience with anyone who is interested . '', 
  it has n't been invoked yet and it 's been a week . 
  most mps oppose it . 
  it could be voted down in parliament . 
  schengen area is about eliminating border control . 
  the uk is n't in schengen , so i have to show my passport when i got there , but i do n't need a visa . 
  rip all of wales . 
  but the media has a legal responsibility to present the truth . 
  the voters acted out of stupidity but the media acted out of malice . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i know you ca n't implement a trade deal , but why ca n't you negotiate one , write it up , and then just not sign it until after the official leave date ? 
  it 's already been delayed a week . 
  so i guess he was wrong about that . 
  bringing in low skilled migrants will surely fix this problem . 
  this should be the top post . 
  uk voting to leave made no difference to ttip at all . 
  at the most , it allows the uk to enter a similar ttip deal with the us without consulting the eu . 
  so if you 're pro ttip , then brexit was a good thing . 
  not the other way around . 
  even if they voted at the same rate as everyone else , it would n't have changed the result . 
   and are willing to admit it same thing happened after the scottish referendum . 
  after it failed , you could n't find a single person who voted against it . 
  10 people start a lynch mob . 
  8 try to stop them but ca n't . 
  3 stand by and doing nothing . 
  yeah , it 's definitely the 3 who did nothing that you should blame and not the 10 people who did the murder . 
  of course the 3 people should have stepped in , but ultimately , just like a court would convict the 10 , the court of public opinion should convict the 52 % . 
  frankly , young people should n't have even had to vote because this referendum should have been so overwhelming remain that it would n't matter . 
  edit : i just want to add that the voter turn out for young people would have had to have been 75 % for it to have changed the result . 
  that 's over the national average . 
  so even if they voted at the same rate as everyone else , it would n't have mattered . 
  wtf ? 
  the people who voted for it are the ones you should blame first . 
  then blame the ones who did n't vote at all . 
  if i stand by while someone is getting mugged , is it my fault they got mugged because i did n't step in ? 
  did i cause the mugging ? 
  blame young people all you want , but ultimately , it is the people who voted for this that caused the problem . 
  of course the numbers are made up . 
  i 'm just making a point . 
  there are people who voted for these reasons . 
  and i bet ( i do n't know for a fact ) that it was enough to sway the tide . 
  every news outlet is also reporting that they believe large amounts of votes were protest votes . 
  ultimately , you have to blame the people who voted * for * the decision before you blame the people who did n't vote at all . 
  reddit is fun shows the flair text, 
  made brexit is just a plot to get the eu and uk to sign ttip, 
  and that 's why it is n't going to happen . 
  no one in government will trigger article 50 . 
  the referendum was never meant to pass . 
  neither side wanted it to pass . 
  nigel was n't even a member of the leave campaign . 
  he campaigned for it as an outsider . 
  boris should be the one on the chopping block before nigel . 
  yeah , but do you know why the union was started ? 
   in scotland , some claimed that union would enable scotland to recover from the financial disaster wrought by the darien scheme through english assistance and the lifting of measures put in place through the alien act to force the scottish parliament into compliance with the act of settlement . 
   personal financial interests were also allegedly involved . 
  many commissioners had invested heavily in the darien scheme and they believed that they would receive compensation for their losses ; article 15 granted # 398,085 10s sterling to scotland , a sum known as the equivalent , to offset future liability towards the english national debt . 
  in essence it was also used as a means of compensation for investors in the company of scotland 's darien scheme , as 58.6 % was allocated to its shareholders and creditors . 
   even more direct bribery was also said to be a factor . 
  [ 23 ] # 20,000 ( # 240,000 scots ) was dispatched to scotland for distribution by the earl of glasgow . 
  james douglas , 2nd duke of queensberry , the queen 's commissioner in parliament , received # 12,325 , more than 60 % of the funding . 
  scotland was broke , so england bribed the elites into handing over the nation . 
  they had a referendum to replace fptp and it failed . 
  so i guess they ca n't complain about it . 
  this needs more upvotes . 
  it 's a much more accurate description of what 's going on . 
  but i thought protecting feelings was important than protecting lives ? 
  discrimination is n't the same as racism . 
  yeah , i mean , if you 're an officer at scotland yard and you 're looking for members of the ira , it would be racist if you focused you investigation on irish people . 
  should n't switzerland be on there ? 
  even though they 're not in the eu , they still have to make contributions to be part of the single market . 
  how is islam the answer ? 
  ca n't they just do their own thing . 
  he gets what he wants , that 's not stupid . 
  the people who support him are stupid ( read : the majority of the population ), 
  that 's why i do n't understand what 's wrong with being against islam . 
  you choose to belive and support those ideas , the ideas are horrible , so i 'm going to judge you for it . 
  i know that lots of muslims , like christians , do n't actually belive what 's written in their books , but then how much of the word of god can you throw out and ignore before you 're basically not really a member of that religion . 
  can you be a christian if you do n't think gay people should be killed ? 
  what if you do n't think the world was started with adam and eve . 
  what you do n't think jesus came back to life ? 
  or that he was even the son of god . 
  what about this whole god thing anyways , can you still be christian if you do n't believe in that either ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  if anyone can call themselves a member of the religion even though they just pick and chose the parts they want , then the terms christian and muslim are completely meaningless . 
  it just means whatever you feel like it means . 
  i think there were some good parts to national socialism , like the anti-smoking campaign for example . 
  can i call myself a nazi ? 
  i 'm not one of those fundamentalist nazis who thinks we should murder jews , but i think there 's more to being a nazi than just that and i 'm really offended that you automatically assume i 'm a bad person just because i 'm a nazi . 
  that 's racist !, 
  it 's deliberately ambigous so that the government can target anyone they do n't like . 
  pass a law which allows you to lockup anyone and then selectively enforce it . 
  the new great game .
