  still not great places to live or be a women . 
  but i guess that are n't putting up youtube videos of beheadings ( something turkey ca n't say anymore ) so i guess that makes then moderates . 
  the bar is pretty low . 
  definitely !, 
  the media is fueling these attacks like crazy . 
  like school shootings in the us , media attention just gives people more incentive to do more . 
  want to get a message across ? 
  kill some people in a train . 
  part of me wants the media to stop advertising this bullshit , but also , people need to know what is happening and get outraged . 
  he 's actually 170 but crossed out the 0 and said he was 17 . 
  a stun gun is considered an offensive weapon . 
  our self defense laws are bullshit . 
  it means you 'd be dead without immediate help . 
  destroy nation states ? 
  this is the best thing to have happened for european nationalism in a generation . 
  i lobe how when neo nazis say they hate black people and then go kill some , no one ever says `` i wonder why they did that '' but with muslims , even when they tell is directly why they 're doing what theyre doing , people still say things like `` the * real * reason is because of our foreign policy '' or what ever other garbage they vomit out their mouth . 
  bosnia , infamous a place of peace . 
  are there any protests planned this weekend in berlin ? 
  i 'll gladly attend and bring a dozen people with me . 
  are you joking ? 
  erdogan is very disliked in germany . 
  especially after [ the crap he pulled ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c3%b6hmermann_affair ) with boehmermann a couple months ago . 
  darwin takes another one . 
  sky news live - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y60wdzzt8yg, 
   in turkey we have a marriage of islam and democracy . 
  ( ... ) the child of this marriage is secularism . 
  now this child gets sick from time to time . 
  the turkish armed forces is the doctor which saves the child . 
  he said they only have 2 weeks . 
  it 's been more than 2 weeks . 
  nothing has happened . 
  i 'm my experience , splitting the bill has always been easier in germany than in the us . 
  there was just a poll to day which said 1 in 10 britons think that eu immigrants will have to leave . 
  if you are living in france , you are no longer fleeing war and you are no longer a refugee . 
  that was written more than 2 weeks ago . 
  i love that bbc video in the article . 
  people complaining that after they forced their way over the fence and broke into the country that they were sent back . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  there 's a border fence . 
  you do n't stumble across a barbed wire fence by accident . 
  you know what you 're doing . 
  damn , my money split between environmental extremists and neo nazis . 
  berlin invented the d\u00f6ner kebab, 
   there are two types of referendum that have been held by the uk government , pre-legislative ( held before proposed legislation is passed ) and post-legislative ( held after legislation is passed ) . 
  to date both the previous two uk-wide referendums in 1975 and 2011 were post-legislative . 
  unlike previous referendums , this one is not legally binding . 
  it is no more than an opinion poll . 
  they could have made it binding , like they did with all the other referendums , but they did n't . 
  and the only reason this referendum even passed is because it was a non-binding pre-legislative referendum . 
  the campaigns could make up whatever shit they liked , and they did , because there was no actual legislation for people to reference . 
  the thick of it is 10x better than house of cards < 3 malcolm tucker ( i.e. 
  doctor who ( i.e. 
  the eu would never force the uk out . 
  if westminster says tomorrow `` thank you all for the opinion poll referendum , we 've looked at the results , but decided we wo n't be doing it '' then the eu is n't going to say `` tough luck , fuck off . '', 
  the thing is , the leave campaign never had a plan . 
  the referendum did n't say * how * the uk would leave , only they they * would * leave . 
  they made promises , but they were never legally binding and now it 's coming out that half of it was a lie and the other half is n't going to happen . 
  now it looks like the uk is going to technically leave , but then set up a situation which is basically identical to being in the eu but without any influence . 
  free movement of labour will exist . 
  following eu regulations will continue . 
  paying to a member will continue . 
  and so on . 
  and if that 's what 's going to happen , then what 's the point ? 
  why even bother ? 
  i think people are realizing that now . 
  in japanese law you are enjoying guilty until proven innocent . 
  it 's not something we should strive for . 
  you have to negotiate in a 3rd language . 
  so if there 's a meeting between a frenchman and a germany , you ca n't negotiate in either french or german . 
  so obviously they use english . 
  suggesting that they stop using english is suggesting that every european politician learns italian or spanish . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it 's pretty easy to get a freelancer visa . 
  so you do n't even need a company to hire you as long as you can make enough money to get by own your own . 
  almost half of brits want to bring back the death penalty . 
  should they have a referendum on that ? 
  obviously not . 
  sometimes doing the right thing is more important than doing thing which most people voted for . 
  especially when what they voted for is n't even what they want , because they were deceived . 
  there is a reason why we do n't use direct democracy . 
  mob rule should not be the basis of government . 
  if that 's the case , the eu can start sending money to scotland now that wales decided it does n't need it anymore . 
  it was n't fair . 
  one side spread blatant lies without repercussions . 
  i doubt it . 
  the people who voted leave did so because they thought it would make their lives better . 
  when the main parties come forward with sensible policies and the fringe parties come forward with their obviously destructive ideas that will leave the country in ruins , people will side with the main parties . 
  a united effort by the two main parties would convince a lot of people that actually leaving is a terrible and stupid idea with no possible benefits for them . 
  which it is . 
   a third of voters think brexit wo n't happen  16 % believe the uk will stay in the eu . 
  ... what a misleading title . 
  the way they got 1/3 was by adding in the people who said `` i do n't know . '', 
  dear bbc , when someone says they do n't know what will happen , you ca n't claim that they think something else will happen . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  i mean . . fuck frankfurt , but amsterdam ? 
  it 's a much nicer city than paris . 
  this is why it 'll never be frankfurt . 
  the city sucks . 
  you 'd have to pay people a lot more to convince them to live there . 
  whereas people actually want to live in amsterdam .
