  it 's not our fault if other people are irresponsible and buy german goods on credit cards . 
  that 's not a fair comparison . 
  we 're not talking about people with few skills and not much education , we 're talking about people with * no * education and who do n't speak the language . 
  they 're either going to get their money by seriously compressing wages for unskilled workers , selling drugs in the park , or just taking handouts from us . 
  probably a mix of all three . 
  `` tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil '' - thomas mann, 
  give them free money for life . 
  and if anyone speaks out about it , call them a nazi so you can win political points . 
  that 's the plan . 
  there was a war 80 years ago and people are still too afraid to have a sensible adult conversation about our current problems . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  do you get this ? 
  people treating romanians as though you 're all just thieving gypsies . 
  greece has the largest percent of self employed people in the eu . 
  when you 're population is all run cash based small self operated businesses , it 's difficult to crack down on evasion . 
  you say that , but whenever stuff gets leaks via wikileaks or something , it tends to show that the security services are n't that competent . 
  he was n't ever wanted by the uk government . 
  they just arrested him so they could send him to sweden . 
  does he face any punishment from the uk for breaking bail ? 
  i have n't heard that mentioned anywhere . 
  if by `` rest of his life '' you mean until the statues of limitations expires ( 5 more years ), 
  dan carlin recently did a great podcast on this . 
  [ common sense 288 -- re-heating the cold war ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/common-sense-home-landing-page/ ), 
  the law says they have to say in greece but the guy flat out said that he was going to go to germany . 
  obviously he does n't intend on obeying our laws . 
  charlie hebdo = south park but not as funny . 
  got it . 
  median number of languages spoken : http://i.imgur.com/ifit2dx.jpg of course the uk is dead last , but france is n't exactly high up there . 
  and at least the brits admit ( almost proudly ... ) that they do n't speak any other languages . 
  i think the real reason why the french get a reputation for not speaking other languages well is because they do n't speak `` english '' particularly well . 
  just to give you an idea : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index poland : 6th germany : 10th south korea : 24th france : 29th, 
  its so bad i almost thought it was parody music . 
  and yet we make the most perverted pornography in europe , which available 24/7 , and that 's fine . 
  ebooks are just an easy target , because who is buying adult ebooks . 
  this is just a way for the cdu to score morality points with their base but without actually doing anything . 
  i was thinking that many of the immigrants became citizens and so for some reason are n't counted as immigrants by these statistics . 
  http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-long-will-global-uranium-deposits-last/  if the nuclear energy agency ( nea ) has accurately estimated the planet 's economically accessible uranium resources , reactors could run more than 200 years at current rates of consumption . 
  key part there is `` at current rates of consumption . '', 
  nuclear only makes up 10 % of world energy generation . 
  if we increased it so only half our power was nuclear , then we would run out in 40 years . 
  nuclear is only viable as a long term source of power if we figure out how to efficiently extract uranium from seawater . 
  the percent of immigrants in germany has gone down ? 
  how ? 
  i do n't believe it . 
  what happens when we run out of uranium ? 
  i guess asteroid mining is always a possibility . 
  but we 'll still buy their gas , no problem there . 
  does n't matter . 
  we need to fix our own countries before we can lecture others and expect them to take us seriously . 
  the fact that china is worse is n't an excuse . 
  this is what it 's all heading towards . 
  and it 's fucking horrible . 
  the fact that this exists in germany does n't make it a good thing . 
  we 're also one of the only countries to have secondary liability for copyright infringement . 
  it 's the reason there 's no open wifi anywhere . 
  edit : for people who do n't know what i mean http://writing.jan.io/2012/07/26/freifunk-statt-angst.html  in 2012 , the berlin freifunk community got a lot of media attention for a project called freifunk freedom fighter box . 
  the project fights secondary liability : secondary liability is the legal situation that makes the owners of open / non-encrypted wireless access points liable for what other users do over their internet connection . 
  the owners can thus be forced to pay for copyright infringements of third persons just because they opened their network to the public . 
  this legal practice led to fear and uncertainty and made many people close their access points , e.g. 
  in caf\u00e9s or in public locations . 
  the freifunk freedom fighter box was a preconfigured access point , that sent all data from the public network to sweden over a vpn connection . 
  in sweden ( as in most other countries ) , there is no secondary liability . 
  unpleasant truths ? 
  just dismiss them, 
  he gave the data to journalists like the guardian . 
  it was probably one of them who got hacked . 
  it 's not like snowden was carrying around all these files on a usb stick . 
  there 's no reason to believe snowden handed anything over to the russians . 
  the eu as a whole is far too brittle . 
  we have strong binding agreements on things like accepting refugees . 
  but we do n't have the legislative flexible to adapt those agreements to for the current situation . 
  same for the eurozone . 
  europe does n't work together . 
  we create these large binding agreements and then we bicker over how to get around the edges . 
  there should be a single eu president / prime minister . 
  a leader of the eu government . 
  some people will feel like they 're not represented ( like with every government ) but it would give the eu a single voice to stand out from the rest . 
  the policies might not be the best possible policies , but at least they would exist . 
  doing * nothing * is the worst thing we can do . 
  we either need to give the eu more power , or we need to give it less . 
  but what we have right now just is n't working . 
   eu then assures that the city have a median income at least equal to the lower middle quartile of the eu . 
  spain has 50 % youth unemployment . 
  why should the eu start subsidizing the lives of foreigners when we ca n't even take care of our own eu citizens ? 
  the idea of asylum , and our only obligation to these people , is to help them escape from war and prosecution . 
  they do n't have the natural right to the same wages as europeans , and europeans are far more educated on average . 
  the should wages similar to the nearby regions . 
  i like every other part of your plan , except for that . 
  it 's a lot easier to call someone a racist or a nazi than it is to defend yourself from being a racist or a nazi . 
  we need to start harshly judging the people , especially in the media , who throw around false racism accusations . 
  it serves no purpose other than to silence and discredit your political opponents . 
  but as a side affect , it prevents public debate . 
  we need to have some real adult conversations about sensitive topics like immigration , and we just ca n't do it if politicians and the media are going to call each other names and make false accusations about every little thing . 
  italy would love to stop the boats and prevent them form entering . 
  the eu is forcing them not to do that . 
  this entire crisis has the eu to blame . 
  these are young healthy men . 
  if they ca n't work or collect benefits , they 're doing to sell drugs and commit crimes . 
  that 's what groups of poor young men do , regardless of where they come from . 
  he did n't suggesting sinking them .
