  are we talking about secretary as in `` state secretary '' or as in `` the girl with the typewriter '' . 
  because if it is the latter , i do n't see why it is even a story . 
  why would she need to be a role model ? 
  can there be an european defense as long as there is nato ? 
  are n't the us ( and the uk ) bound by treaty to play a role ? 
  she is the head of the imf because she was nominated by the french president after serving in his government . 
  i think we 're going for an empire this time . 
   hollande raised taxes , made some spending cuts , and the deficit is still the same since the main effect of these measures was tanking the economy even further . 
  it 's rather because that extra money was spent on tax cuts for companies . 
   there can be no deficit reduction without first an economic recovery and since the problem of the french economy is not that people do n't consume enough but that companies ca n't produce for cheap enough , that policy is justified . 
  nobody wears any ribbon or flower for days like that in france . 
   i insist on having sex with you with a longbow, 
   nobody objects those details . 
  us car manufacturers probably do . 
   too soon ? 
  too often . 
  there are about 10 demonstrations a day in paris alone , some of them are bound to be about the international situation, 
  was n't the ` alliance '' germany , austria and italy ? 
   juncker juncker has no power over the ecb . 
  how many children you have also matters a lot . 
  a couple with one child pay half as much income tax than two childless , separate individuals in france . 
   they can get away with these linguistic gymnastic it was bloomberg who wrote the title . 
  money is more efficient than ships to wage war . 
  even with your racic d\u00e9finition of `` european '' there are a lot of them , mostly from the far-left . 
  well yes : if taubira had been white ( or asian , or an arab ) , there would n't have been the undertone of `` taubira is less evolved than other humans , and is basically like an ape '' because there have n't been such racial stereotypes widespread thourought society in recent history . 
  but that 's so obvious that i wonder why i bother saying that : would have there been such a picture had taubira not been black ? 
   legally , you can call someone a bitch . 
  not publically . 
  and rightly so , but those are completely different issues . 
  that 's not . 
  you have to provide water and a special break room to drink it . 
  in theory you are not allowed to drink water in actual work offices . 
  like you did during the crimean war ? 
   the human rights nonsense where we ca n't remove criminal scum because they supposedly have rights . 
  never mind the fact that they have committed heinous crimes such as rape and murder . 
  yep , that 's called human rights , not law-abiding-citizen rights . 
  and now that everyone has seen that those candidates are a real thing , everyone will hear of them in the next election . 
   what we do n't want is political union . 
  so you advocate having the necessary common regulations decided upon by a bunch of unelected bureaucrats ? 
  that ` sthejoke.jpg you 've been outjoked by a german . 
   hollande 's approval rating is insanely low . 
  because of his not socialist-enough policies . 
  are you proud of yourself now ? 
  why ? 
  plenty of countries have rules stating that someone choses and appoints the pm , when in fact that choice is made for them during elections ( the uk , for example ) . 
   well , the queen does n't have any real choice in the matter , unless she wants to cause a constitutional crisis that could end with some kind of forced abdication or the abolishment of the monarchy . 
  and you could say that cameron is trying to provoke such a crisis in the eu . 
   in this case , we should change the treaty to reflect that want . 
  `` the parliament elects the commission '' is n't clear enough ? 
  to be fair i do n't see cameron 's name on [ general election ballot papers ] ( http://imgur.com/r9ea3ce ) either . 
  from the chart ( and that is the very point of that chart ) i 'd say that it 's because most of their income comes from capital , not wages , so their wage tax ( top one ) falls dramatically . 
  but you do like cod , do n't you ? 
  classic british gastronomy : if it 's warm , it 's beer ; if it 's cold , it 's soup . 
  profit tax ? 
  on individuals ? 
  here is a chart about [ taxation in france ] ( http://imgur.com/umsrrmn ) ( note that the bottom scale -- income -- is not linear ) . 
  top is tax on salaries and social contribution . 
  then vat . 
  then taxes on wealth . 
  the income taxes . 
  ( i do n't think it includes local taxes ), 
  true . 
  and it can stop your hand from shaking . 
   everything before ` the european council shall ' is open to interpretation . 
  but that part can be completely omitted , `` the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission . 
  this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members ' '' is enough . 
  that would mean that the president of the ec has a higher democratic legitimacy than the parliament , and therefore that the parliament could n't censor the ec . 
  how is that a constitutional power grab ? 
  that 's how , for example , the irish constitution is phrased . 
   also clearly everyone wanted to be seen helping queen elizabeth down the stairs . 
  hollande and merkel do n't seem too concerned . 
  well it depends what you mean by use . 
  for example i 'm sure you understand what could be achieved with common defense : reduce redundancies and be stronger for cheaper . 
  same for common diplomacy , and so on . 
   ah , a conspiracy theory without any evidence , amazing saying `` people have motives in what they do '' does not constitute a conspiracy theory . 
   god forbid nations like the czechs enter and do n't agree with everything the french state wants . 
  it 's almost like it 's a union not a unitary state . 
  well yes , that the gist of the argument : to let more country in prevented the union from becoming tighter . 
  it has grown wider but not deeper . 
   lies , even among those who want to leave the eu , actual contempt is rare . 
  the `` contempting party '' here is cameron , and this is about him trying to appoint someone else than juncker . 
   yes threaten your allies and long term friends . 
  you have to really want it to see that as a threat . 
   ah , because not rushing the integration of 28 completely separate nations is so insidious . 
  that 's exactly the point of the previous argument , that you refused to acknowledge : enlargement hinders integration . 
   why did we not listen ? 
  because the empire was released . 
  and yet one of the most common argument of british eurosceptic is `` without the eu , we would be able to capitalize more on our special link with the commonwealth ''  because france does n't get special treatment ... we 're still a huge contributor . 
  the difference is that france either flat out cheats on the rules ( and gets fined for that ) or proposes general rules ( the most obvious example here is the cap , which has a general purpose ( food independence ) and applies for all countries ( as a result countries like poland are starting to get more and more money while france has become a net contributor to the cap segment of the budget ) , not opt-outs justified by nothing but self-interest -- incidentally , the differences between british and continental agriculture structures was one of the major reasons for de gaulle to blackball the uk )  and reffering to uk as england , like some baffled tourist that 's common in french , and does n't really have any intent . 
   does it ? 
  does he even have the most support in the ep ? 
  the reformists and the left wing parties do n't want him . 
  then he will not be able to form a coalition and schultz will try . 
   clear lie , there is an edge to one party , nowhere near a majority a relative majority still is a majority . 
  granted he does not have a governing majority , but that does n't mean we should prevent him from forming one . 
  what has the eu to do with that ? 
   most of the big department stores in london take euros . 
  do n't they also take usd ? 
  there 's got to be a better way !, 
   the uk however , is absolutely not the cliche snapshot of all things european for many americans , european clich\u00e9s = british ones .
