  in spain the word is gobierno iirc, 
  insignificant : it just means that nobody is appointed to cabinet positions, 
  war crimes are n't about killing someone ( that would be crime against peace ) but about the way you kill him, 
   even a `` respectable '' movie magazine like `` cahiers du cinema '' which is well-known for its keen geopolitical analysises and its influence on french foreign policy . 
  they are not a stalemate , they have n't even started . 
  it was mostly the crimean people 's decision , not putin 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ let 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ test ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it, 
  i 'm not sure hungary has that much potential when it comes to offshore wind . 
  i still do not get it . 
  why should the eu be concerned with an internal referendum ? 
  they offer greece a deal , greece accepts the deal , what would you have the eu do ? 
   otherwise uk will act as though we 're `` punishing '' them when a50 is invoked oh they will act like it anyway, 
   no , i disagree with the greek government , however , the greek people voted overwhelmingly against the harsh austerity measures imposed by the eu , yet the eu ignored that and went ahead anyway i really do not understand this argument . 
  the eu offered greece a deal : do those austerity reforms , and i will lend you some money at preferential rates . 
  greek people voted against it , tsipras explained '' yeah ... problem is we need the money , so i am going to accept the deal anyway '' ( this explanation btw seems to have convinced greek voters to some extent , since they re-elected him ) why would the eu care about the greek referendum ? 
  it is a union between states and it deals with states . 
  the internal decision process of those states is of no concern to the eu . 
   know why i voted out ? 
  because i do n't trust a foreign entity to make decisions , especially ones that are in our interests . 
  and yet your vote will only strengthen one foreign ( they might as well be from a different planet ) entity to make decisions , that probably will not be in your interests : whitehall . 
  how so ? 
  the whole point of article 50 is to be the starting point of negoctiaitons . 
  if the uk does file for it , it means that it does not want negotiations to start , so einfach ist das . 
   it would n't exacly be difficult for the eu to claim that a refusal to make a decisive call ( as in wether to activate the article or not and thereafter leave ) would be a breach of both democratic values and rule of law . 
  the comments would be a fun thing to watch , if the eu decided to complain about a member-state not respecting the outcome of a referendum . 
   if you had n't noticed the eu is now working on a central army . 
  as it has been doing for the last 10 years, 
  i elected him for that . 
  the government is n't the only one that can prevent you from doing stuff . 
  more permissive laws do not matter if the environment you live in is not, 
   from people that get arrested for tweets send death threats by tweeter , and you will be arrested as well that `` arrested for a tweet '' phrase is utter nonsense . 
  how is that `` blaming the women '' ? 
  i know / r/europe has taken a stern turn to the right lately , but a extremist right-wing swing is generally considered a bad thing by most . 
  they published testimonies from muslim women living in france , and those were a bit over-the-top and far from reality for most people . 
  in france it is all about what tie the mayor of a town in the south is wearing . 
  we call him the mayor of orange . 
  i do n't get the point . 
  it 's not like they can deny him access to his own country, 
  why would they say that ? 
  france wasnt even a republic then, 
   either to their country of residence , or their country of origin , or the country from which they entered france . 
  so either violate their right to non-refoulement or send them to italy from where they can make the trip again ...  whichever is the most doable whichever option , it is much more doable to do it from the uk than from france : at least people there will tell a story instead of hiding whatever could identify them as much as they can . 
   they 'd simply be denied entry ( a decision that can be made in dover ... ) dover is british soil , once someone is on british soil they can ask for asylum there . 
  at this point whether you accept it or not is not france 's problem any longer , because when you claim they could be  returned to france what makes you think france will accept that ? 
  i may be wrong , but afaik there is no readmission treaty between france and the uk, 
   surely without any sort of right to reside in france , there should be a process in place to detain and remove people ... and remove them where ? 
  we are talking about people who will actively try to hide anything that could tie them to any nationality ( as opposed , btw , to what would happen in britain , where they would have to give a nationality and a story to request asylum ) and if they have one it is war-torn somalia or eritrea . 
   the uk does n't have to accept them , they are coming from a safe country and some proportion will have no grounds for asylum in the first place . 
  you do n't seem to realise those rules you are clinging to are completely moot . 
  if you do n't accept people who are actually in danger at home on the sole ground that they have n't followed the proper procedure , then where are you sending them ? 
  back to their home country ? 
  back to that first safe country , so that they can start the trip all over again ? 
  ( and of course those `` first safe countries '' generally have their hands full and wo n't be happy about britain just sending back more problem ) . 
   they could apply for asylum in france , given they are in france , and then france could either accept or deny them asylum . . 
  but they wo n't , which means that the only way they can stay in france is in those camps . 
  if that problem is to be solved then the uk will have to either get its hands dirty or accept them . 
  do n't you think it 's a little too convenient to just write it off and say `` france will have to manage . 
  and they 'd better hurry , because tourists on their way to spain are really inconvenienced by that ! '', 
  besides , if we do end up granting them asylum and letting them free to go wherever they please , where do you think they will end up ? 
   but even closing the tunnel would n't be catastrophic for either side , nor would switching the ferry routes . 
  are you seriously suggesting this would happen over 2000 persons wanting to cross ? 
   in short , there is no quick fix for the french but there is one for the uk , which is precisely the point . 
  but the situation is stuck because they are unwilling to hear the asylum requests and then either grant them or deny them . 
  an even better message to send to deter people wanting to go to the uk to start the trip is to show that if they make it to the uk they will be deported . 
  if france does it , then it is just a roadblock that can be overcome . 
  but if it is the uk which acts it shows that the very aim of the trip is flawed . 
   or do you just have a problem with the uk because you would rather bitch about the uk than address the problem in an effective way ? 
  the uk created a problem in france and then wo n't do anything to solve it and some criticize france for not being willing to implement the very solutions that were rejected . 
  yeah , i 'm not a fan . 
  and i want to stress that it is purely a problem created by the uk . 
  were the franco-british border to operate as a normal one the uk would just have had to deal with a few thousands asylum request , same ( and compared to a lot of countries , a lot lower ) effort as anyone else in europe . 
  so you want france to implement the very solutions that you dismiss as improper for the uk , to solve a problem that exists only because france let 's british police operate inside french border and stop migrants before they get a chance to set a foot on british soil . 
  what 's in it for france exactly ? 
  why should they do your dirty work instead of just revoking the touquet agreement ? 
  then they will ask for asylum and be either denied and deported or accepted . 
  alliance of liberals and democrats of europe , an alliance of centrist parties of europe . 
  they generally come third in elections , behind the two big other parties : ppe ( right wing ) and pes ( left wing ), 
  france as a whole does n't really give a crap . 
   why not just tax them at ridiculous rates so no one wants to sell or buy them ? 
  because mayors have no say on sale taxes . 
  the people who overturned that ban are n't judges . 
   laws should be clear and without room of interpretation . 
   language is inherently ambiguous . 
  there were nazi sympathisers all over the western world . 
  the only difference is that in france they were allowed to seize power . 
  and when it was finally changed ( weygand replacing gamelin ) the brits decided to pull out, 
  no law is foolproof , that 's why we have judges and not computers . 
  and in this specific case it does n't matter whether the law is foolproof or not since nobody expect it to have an effect ( it is only a political signal ), 
   the ban described in article 1 does not apply if the outfit is specifically authorized or prescribed by legal or reglementary dispositions , if it is justified by health or professional reasons or if it is part of a sportive or artistic event . 
  that 's especially true for french speakers : the concept of tonic accentuation is totally foreign for us , an not really well-explained in schools . 
  that 's more a reflection of how us french people approach languages : if we do n't know it well we wo n't try using it with you . 
   german is n't even that hard to learn imo depends on the person . 
  i speak better russian after 2 years of study than german after 7 years . 
   that kind of immigration can be fine when they are n't part of a violent cult -- look at u.s. in 19th and 20th centuries . 
  ever seen gangs of new york ? 
  to paraphrase pratchet , there are more than 200 countries , i have but one life . 
  nice one . 
  you can go to a service without worshipping though . 
   ecomes unpredictable . 
  so in the last few decades a need arose to build power storage facilities , mostly in a form of pumped hydroelectric energy storage . 
  or a gas tanks , with its gas turbine .
