   rent of a one room apartment costs about 200 $ that low !, 
  to get rid of the cap surpluses ? 
  the list of most wanted professions does not cover all professions though . 
  size and the weather ? 
  because hollande 's real economic policies ( the one that actually do something ) are not leftist at all and he needs his voters ' support . 
  so he goes on symbolic measures like gay marriage and that tax that will affect a few hundred people . 
  btw when the `` highest legal authority said that no individual tax should exceed 66.6 % '' , that was the conseil d'\u00e9tat and it was n't acting as a legal authority but only as a government adviser . 
  [ as seen in this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7rclwk1ziy&amp;feature=player_embedded ) . 
  you can also see that it is not a very nice and quiet pet . 
  the ps ib france speaks that way . 
  the problem is that they ca n't really be heard because if there is one country that needs to take care of its problems by its own , it is france . 
  internet companies are still companies . 
  which proves that what you consider a king in england is only worthy of being a duke in france . 
  weird sex practises , you ca n't understand . 
   he said . 
  that is the key point . 
  once more ? 
   `` public spending has reached 57 per cent of national wealth . 
  it was 52 per cent five years ago . 
  do we live better for it ? 
  if only there was a supranational organization dedicated to remove petty regulatory barriers like this one by making its own regulations . 
  and if only people stopped saying stuff like `` see !, 
  now they even are regulating how should our sky instructor be trained !, 
  what do they have to do with that '' . 
  ah , the dutch , still thinking that `` a large variety of cheeses '' means `` differently-flavored goudas '' . 
  it did surprise me . 
  their primary budget is balanced . 
  not the successful , only the rich . 
   protestant work ethic the brought the west to wealth in the first place . 
  that and maybe trade balance . 
  that is a bit deluded : the industrial revolution brought the west to wealth , and it did not have much to do with work ethics . 
  that is the same tax , going through the window since the door is closed . 
  well it is about fighting revenue inequalities , not making money . 
  making 1m in salary ? 
  we only have a few thousand of those in france . 
  or not paying people over 1m $ . 
  `` we are fed up to the point of setting bombs up '' . 
  since when is the aim of austerity to increase the gdp ? 
  more accountable ? 
  they already can be censored by the parliament , that is all the accountability we have in france . 
  the rest does not depend on the institutions , but of the use that is made of them ( people generally know the name of ministers , but not of commissioners ) . 
  ( it is more salient for london i guess , since the center is obviously richer ), 
  is n't inner london a bit small geographically to be a region ? 
  wait ... who exactly is supposed to administrate stuff then ? 
  that is all that the commission is for . 
  maybe giving the commissioners clear political statuses linked to the parliament could be a way , but that would n't be a major change . 
  like a european parliament ( even though the election is purely proportional that does n't change much ) and a council of the eu ? 
  [ i had to check my url bar to make sure i was n't ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hryqyky.jpg ) on / r/worldnews . 
  ( or on / int / with a new skin ), 
  should have been `` rum '', 
  actually yes , it is . 
  and because the best way to make something go away quickly is to gather hopeless opposition . 
  i ca n't believe nobody wrote that already :  well , would you be happy to be french ? 
  i though i was going to hear [ that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sixk1eatvu ) . 
  you owe me a pair of ears . 
   some protesters bitterly oppose the concept while others say it should not be a priority of the government . 
  banners on balconies read : `` we want work , not gay marriage '' and `` no to gayextremism . '', 
  `` so we are going to raise as much hopeless opposition as possible . 
  that is the best way of ensuring that this question goes away '', 
  the ump ( that ump ) is really getting annoying as an opposition party ( see also : comments made on the anti gay-marriage demonstration ) . 
  it is like they are trying to get people so unnerved that they will thing `` i do not want to hear them for another 5 years , let 's put them to power , that will shut them up '' . 
  more seriously it is like they are digging their own grave : that strategy might work very well on their core but it is alienating those who voted against sarkozy because of that kind of things ( me for example ) . 
  seeing that it probably was a good idea for fillon not to try too hard , but i do not really see how he could come back to such a radicalised party . 
  back ? 
  when was it gone ? 
  as much as my government seems to think so , it is not a school transcript where what is rewarded is how hard you try : even if the two are somewhat linked it tries to assess `` how likely is it that they will default '' , not `` let 's rate that government 's policy '', 
   president hollande has reformed the labour market , changed the pension system and adjusted fiscal policy but it has not been enough to significantly improve fiscal sustainability , restore competitiveness or generate growth . 
  the laws we are talking about are not even voted yet . 
  it is not surprising that their effects are yet-to-be-seen . 
  right , because there has n't been any reform nor any crisis in italy for 120 years . 
  what cyprus is going through would n't have been less harsh for a bit without the euro . 
   all major central banks are happy to finance more government borrowing with printed money . 
  except , you know , that special one . 
  actually it does mean charged . 
  germany trying to force its dates on europe again . 
  the real frustrating thing is that the consequence for account-owners would have been worst had cyprus not entered the eu/the euro : the only thing the euro prevents is a devaluation , and a devaluation would result in account being siphoned anyway . 
  it has not much to do with the euro . 
  a devaluation would have had the exact same consequence than the deposit tax : people lose their account money . 
  if we ( they ) knew what the `` good thing '' was , we would be doing it instead of rejecting each other 's proposal . 
  i though a light government with the least regulations was a good government ? 
  well it is not totally useless . 
  maybe it will stop those / r/europe commenters from repeating that hollande is in a tax-and-spend row when it is exactly the opposite . 
  except nowadays central banks are independant . 
  do you have a point or is there a word you did not understand ? 
  in the current cap budget , france pulls its own weight and will probably become a net contributor in the next few years , so you can stop looking at my flair . 
  as to why the european agricultural sector should be preserved , it is a matter of both land pr\u00e9servation and food independance . 
  what can your democratically elected local representative do about a law passed in westminster ? 
   i do n't understand at all why the eu has the power to change laws on remuneration inside private businesses . 
  apparently , they do not . 
   why on earth does that need to be set at the eu level ? 
  because if it is not set at a eu level , it is not done at all . 
  we do have emission regulations , mostly aimed at big cars makers you know ( and german carmakers happilly dodge them by adding an eco mod that is used to run the tests ), 
  lisbonne . 
  had the wine or car industry triggered the last crisis , neither france nor germany could have stopped a taming of those sectors . 
  murrrrrrrica !, 
  greece in greek is '' \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b4\u03b1 '' , in latin alphabet , `` ellada '' ( where do you think the adjective `` hellenic '' came from ? ), 
  at least it is not dubbed russian style : with only one voice actor and the original dialogs still audible ( but not understandable ) ( for german and french people , think arte interviews-style ) . 
  but this is an issue of translation , not dubbing . 
  it is n't socialism either . 
  japan is on the same co2 market than the eu ?
