  but of course it will be difficult for france to call for sanctions , given that we also are infringing on those regulations . 
  what 's the point ? 
  we all know that what he says is his opinion , no need to modalize it . 
   finland was a mistake though i know , right . 
   if there is a ddos attack one cuts it off , not increases the server and computation power . 
  one key difference : you can reboot a server , not a drowned human ( plus you do not really care if a server dies ) . 
   he agreed with the building 's developers that the sun was too high in the sky on that particular day . 
   `` when i first came to london years ago , it was n't like this ... now you have all these sunny days . '', 
  what ? 
  did he not know about this thing we call seasons ? 
   there is no legal basis whatsoever for your employer to make you do anything outside your work hours . 
  in many french contracts there is no such thing as work hours ( and people who are issued work phones typically work under such contract ) . 
  well that is how it is called in french ( with a silent d ) but i guess you can tell it the english way if you like . 
  no , it 's a continent :\\ ^ ), 
  well it changes from a dystopia to a eutopia . 
  considering how brits love their silly titles , i had not ruled out for `` chief lord king '' to be the official title for the head of the boe . 
   the article is n't about electricity prices if you do not care about electricity prices , then you can do pretty much anything when it comes to electricity generation . 
  what , no trianon joke ? 
  and on a more serious note , what 's up with snp politicians and fish names ? 
   these atheists are not real christians , only we are real christians because we believe in god and that jesus is god , and they do not believe in god and do not believe that jesus is god . 
  hey it works !, 
  except it means that when you belong to a group and are not really socialized elsewhere , that is basically the only law that you can rely on . 
  but that sounds like russian , not german . 
  indeed , there is compelling evidence that poland deliberately started the most destructive war in human history . 
  late in august 1939 , the polish secret service had several of its agents , mostly german political prisoners , attack a german radio station right across the border , broadcast a few defiant messages in bad polish , shoot themselves dead , then posthumously dress themselves in polish uniform . 
  in warsaw , the military high command deliberately did not prepare itself for war whatsoever . 
  right as the polish generals hoped , the very next morning , 1 sep 1939 , germany launched a retaliatory raid which the fuehrer totally had not anticipated doing at all . 
  by pure coincidence , the nazis just happened to have 60 german divisions , 2,700 tanks , 9,000 artillery pieces and 2,300 aircraft perfectly positioned for the operation . 
  immediately , the polish army decided to turn its entire attention toward the nazis -- who , cooperatively , pretended to be stopped by the `` valiant '' resistance of the poles -- so that the next part of their elaborate hoax could go off without a hitch : the invasion of poland 's exposed eastern flank by the ussr , thereby leading to a complete collapse of resistance . 
  over the next six years , poland 's excellent plans in 1939 paid massive dividends . 
  millions of poles were shot , tortured or starved by nazis and soviets , thousands of `` aryan-looking '' polish children were kidnapped from their mothers and given to german parents , and millions of its jews were murdered by both the regular german army , the gestapo and the ss . 
  all told , nearly 20 % of the pre-war polish population was killed in the conflict , a worse death toll than any other country on earth . 
  yes , poland deliberately started that war . 
  ( source [ here ] ( https://www.quora.com/is-there-any-truth-to-the-idea-that-poland-started-ww2 ) , in the comments ), 
  because the only people doing it right now are anti-abortion activists , but if websites intentionally spreading false medical information become a problem i can see a blanket ban on lying about medical stuff happening . 
  it 's already exist . 
  it is called airbus defence and space . 
  tech companies generally have problems keeping their employees , not firing them . 
  like pretty much every politician in france . 
  even duing the cold war there was russophilia in france . 
  it 's hard to have a strong defence when you have no economy to pay for it . 
  depends what 's your priority . 
  it 's not like the far left is majoritarily popular in france , especially among those who actually vote . 
   one woman was killed , not people . 
  might want to change the phrasing on that one . 
  what exactly are you complaining about here ? 
  is it just some generic crap you insert when you do not know what to say ? 
  if the democratic deficit comes as you say from the people 's ignorance there is a third , way easier option, 
  well , le pen is pretty russia-friendly herself . 
  the right-wing does not like him because he is from a left-wing party . 
  the left-wing does not like him because he is from the rightmost side of said party , and the feel like his policies are right-wing . 
  why ? 
  that is a big constitutional reform for which a referendum seems pretty necessary . 
  his wife ? 
  what 's with his wife ? 
  ( apart from the age difference , but nobody really gives a fuck about that when it comes to voting for him or not ), 
  yeah , hollande is about the same size but since he does n't care the least nobody does . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catherine_of_siena https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teresa_of_%c3%81vila, 
  well first it should be pointed out that this is an utterly bad example : that matter is dealt with mostly by head of states and the council , the commission has little to day about it . 
  but let 's indulge : you would petition your mep , and if it gains enough traction the parliament would request the demission of this commissionner lest they censor the whole commission ( those are not theoretical considerations that have no chance of happening : the santer commission had to resign over one commissioner , and that was at a time when the parliament had less power than it does now ) . 
  as to get a new commissioner , you probably would have to settle for a greek one . 
  but the screening by your mep would ensure that this new commissioner agrees with your ideas . 
  when they say dna the mean identification , it is not made of actual dna ( probably still wo n't survive melting , that is not the aim ), 
  the border is the rhine . 
  i can very well see clouds being affected by major waterways . 
  a city is france , ~ 20km south of lyon . 
   big reason eurosceptics can push their narrative is that people do n't feel like there is any direct relationship between the mep parts of europe elect and the actual policy the eu follows . 
  because those `` headline policies '' generally are about competencies that the states ( and the council ) have kept ( because member-states are still sovereign states ) . 
  nobody cares about a new regulation limiting the levels of lead in gas pipes . 
   and when your meps ca n't even propose legislation to work towards this that 's because common foreign policy is mostly a council competency , meaning it is your pm who represents you on that , not your mep . 
  different political systems react differently to different situations . 
  the bundestag also is a hung parliament . 
  that does not really make germany divided and weaker , because it is sort of expected there . 
  i do n't know about you , but i rarely go to those quarterly meetings about my company 's results , and nobody is going to fire me for that . 
   you could spend 10 lifes here and never see one . 
  unless you happen to be in the vicinity of a train station , a synagogue , a museum ... 
  i think it 's `` burger '' . 
  it translates as `` bourgeois '' , quite terrible, 
   the paris agreement is presented as a silver bullet against environment pollution where ? 
  by whom ? 
  i have never seen it presented like this and i live in france , where everyone was stroking his dick about it when it was signed . 
  nothing , it is about ges gas emissions . 
  but of course you knew that already . 
  sudete mountain range , maybe . 
   you just do n't watch youtube all day how much data do those `` this video is not available in your country '' messages use anyway ? 
  no , that is an actual ( and very clever ) answer : you could say that hollande pressured the procureur to open an investigation ( although hollande is known for not meddling in judiciary affaires ) but the judge who leads the investigation has a job that has specially been designed so that he is independent from political pressures . 
   if he proposes this law and pushes it through with his parliament followers , its his law . 
   it is not a surveillance law though . 
  it already is . 
  in fact the `` state of emergency '' has been created to be able to react without going to `` state of siege '' ( martial law ) . 
  and of course the constitution also have provisions for the president to be granted all powers . 
  which candidate has been mentored by serge tournaire ( the independant judge in charge of the investigation ), 
  the emergency state is an utterly popular measure . 
   good luck defending your case in court that you 've been unlawfully held , because hey , there 's no judge involved !, 
  all administrative acts can be challenged before and revoked by an administrative judge . 
  nah , those do not know more than 10 english words . 
  not if it was directly aimed at a anglophone audience . 
  the pr\u00e9sident is like the pope in that regard . 
  well he has a point : even putting `` phd '' on your resume after `` engineering school '' ( which are almost all free , idk where the `` expensive '' part comes from ) can actually mean taking a pay cut . 
  it 's in the article ( the reddit post title is a hypertext link which will send you to an article ),
