  and letting them cross the channel is a nice way to solve that problem . 
   what would stop the uk from installing british border controls at calais ? 
  calais being sovereign french territory and the uk border police having no jurisdiction there ? 
  how exactly is illegal migrants wanting to leave french territory a problem for france ? 
  why ? 
  taking a dangerous trip alone and then bring them safely is pretty sensible , if you believe they will be clear to come once your refugee application has been accepted, 
  can we go troisi\u00e8me empire instead ? 
  because romania is not iraq . 
  hang them . 
  french law explicitly states it . 
  le texte exact est ( code p\u00e9nal , 121-3 ) : '' il n ' y a point de crime ou de d\u00e9lit sans intention de le commettre . 
  il n ' y a point de contravention en cas de force majeure . '', 
  there is no crime when there in no intent . 
  since you do n't plan on being willfully incompetent , there is no such thing as criminal incompetence . 
  never : criminal incompetence is an oxymoron . 
  no , but it might stop you from believing it is, 
   much like with the greek crisis , when push came to shove , it was the ministers and heads of national governments that made the calls well , that is the council of the eu , which is part of the eu . 
  i guess we could , but how would that be an improvement ? 
  well we would need a new alphabet for our nasal vowels then , and we like the latin one . 
  kinda like the `` sh '' sound in english does not have its own letter . 
   but if i say ` imprimer ' is more like ` amprimer ' . 
  that 's because `` im '' is a sound in itself . 
  think of it as another vowel , not two letters . 
  no , not on ` a ' ( because it actually changes the pronunciation to some extent ), 
  it 's debatable , but this the article is not about a government trying to control a language i 'm not sure it is very relevant here . 
   and acceptance has been so low that they basically gave up and now teach `` both versions are fine . '', 
  which was the idea from the start , in the case of the french reform . 
  arabic is already taught in schools ( as are most major languages , you just have to pick the school ), 
  the uk entered ( and created ) the echr way before considering joining the eec . 
  there is no way it would leave it ( placing it on the same level , human rights wise , as belarus , and below russia ) , even if it left the eu . 
  a.k.a `` not the eu '' . 
  because they have family/network in the uk , that they think can help them build a life ( and they are probably right ) . 
  officially ( and technically ) , no . 
  they signed an armistice , they did not surrender . 
  maybe they just did n't like the joke \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  / s are stupid , sarcasm is about ambiguity and trusting the receiver to be smart enough to understand . 
  with more and more immigrants , there will be more stories like this , especially with the recent wave which is mostly composed of men , a high-risk group for this kind of coronary diseases . 
  the story had a happy ending this time , but it might not always be the case . 
  i do n't really get what 's the use of your comment . 
  you state facts that everyone knows and that offers no specific perspective on the evolution described in the article . 
   i suppose it just depends how much the french feel that schengen is something sacred . 
  you solution seems way overblown compared to the problem . 
  that camp is very small compared to the impact the end of the schengen zone would have . 
  why would france accept them ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  they are applying a clause of the schengen treaty . 
   the sane policy would be to only allow applying for asylum when passing directly from a country at war . 
  which means greece , mostly . 
  why are belgium jokes popular in the netherlands ? 
  because they 're not too hard to understand . 
  it 's a bit harsh , but considering the netherlands ' utmost bravery in ww2 you obviously deserve a free pass . 
   seems like we just need to use people at a healthy weight . 
  you 're writing as if those models who are now too thin will get obese because of that law . 
   yet there is no outcry when a company uses an overweight model there would if it was as widespread as the opposite . 
   should n't seats in the councils be allocated by proportional representation ? 
  they are , but to avoid having too many council members while still allowing the small parties to be represented there are two turns : assume that , for example , the communist party gets 2 % of the votes . 
  there are less than 50 seats in the council , so in a one-turn election they would get no representation . 
  in this election they can negotiate a second-turn alliance with the socialist party based on those votes . 
  the regional elections are proportional elections . 
  the senate is more important than the assembly in protocol ( but in protocol only ), 
   they could be denied re-entry to france and what would we do with them then ? 
   if the majority of the population want something then it 's bad luck for the minority . 
  tyranny of the majority is not democracy . 
  and no new partner in 4 months is also a requirement for heteros, 
  as opposed to the us , where stuff like that is taken very seriously, 
   a senate appointed by statehood and then a house that represents population . 
  a council of member-state leaders and a directly-elected parliament ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the farmers receive more than they pay . 
  how is illegal immigrants leaving the country a problem ? 
  a thriving economy is a mean to an end , not a goal in itself . 
  capitalist , yes . 
  liberal capitalist , nothing meaningful . 
  and since we , as a society , do not want people to be forced to work too hard we put a limit to that . 
  except you buy bread every day . 
  in france anyway . 
  from each other actually . 
  yes , but it is a result that is pretty useless for other countries to look at . 
  and then you get to experience that quality death when you die of boredom , smart move . 
   the time available between publication and ratification will be too short to reasonably do anything other than accept or reject so ? 
  that 's everything there is to do , you do n't amend international treaties . 
  actually yes , state economic planning did work quite well in france, 
  there is no such thing as a nato base . 
  when people say `` nato base '' they are referring to foreign bases ( usually american ones ) on the soil of nato members that are here because of this alliance . 
  the bases in djibouti and phillipines are just american bases , not much to do with nato ( except of course that the us is a nato member ), 
  more or less the same , it depends on the metric you want to use . 
  not necessarily : there is certainly no political union in nato . 
  against somalia ( the base is in djibouti ) and china . 
   however the uk gov n't may very well use any such common defence policy proposal in their favour as leverage during negotiations ie we 'll abstain ( or vote it through ) if you give us this or that . 
  the the eu negociators woul just say `` no worries , we will implement that army in a couple of years when you have no vote any longer '' . 
  that does not seem like a very valuable bargaining chip . 
   playing the national anthem is no more nationalistic than having the queen on banknotes and coins . 
  which is why you ought to have nice bridges and gates instead , 
  lizard people are n't really people . 
  i actually have been in an international meeting where people politely listened to the englishman speaking but his contribution was ultimately ignored because nobody could understand what he said . 
  people from other nationalities used simpler but more comprehensible english and were able to understand each other . 
  like luxembourg ? 
   passable english is n't acceptable at the highest level of business . 
  passable english , also called globish , is the language of business . 
   pidgeon english was that on purpose ? 
  government can also just refer to the cabinet .
