  besides , what do you mean by proportionally ? 
  going from 13 % -  45 % to 18 % -  50 % : unfair , 5 % of their income is far more important for those who have less ( which is the very reason there is a progressive tax system ) going from 13 % -  45 % to 15.6 % -  54 % ( * ) : unfair , why would the rich be the one who pay the most ? 
  ( * ) on could argue that is what is happening right now : the non-rich ( and more specifically the poor ) end up worst off because of the 10 billion spending cuts . 
  you just ca n't say than only the rich are targeted . 
   they 're already leaving . 
  relocating is n't hard when you have residences in other countries . 
  going to live abroad is indeed easy . 
  going to pay your taxes abroad is a [ bit harder ] ( http://www.french-property.com/guides/france/finance-taxation/taxation/liability-income-tax/residency-status/ ) ( and can be costly too , if you need to transfer your whole activity ) . 
   why should the rich sacrifice their income so that politicians can earn political credit ? 
  so as to buy social peace . 
  the question is : shat the government should do ? 
  tax the poor and have strikes before the law is even voted , tax the rich and risk them leaving ( most of them , not immediately , it takes some time to relocate ) , or what they claim they are doing : taxing the rich first to be able to smoothely cut spendings ( because of political credit earned by taxing the rich - very good news for a chunkable part of the usual demonstrators - and the immediate threat on the debt deoalt with ) . 
  no , i 'm trying to convince you that strikes will occur if we increase taxes on/cut spendings towards the non-rich . 
  really ? 
  i would say that in the last 50 years the french economy has been more slowed down by strikes than rich people fleeing . 
  and even if what you say is true , it seems it is far safer to tax the rich : if you screw up you only lose their contribution , vs both the rich and the non-rich if you fail rising your fiscal pressure on the non-rich ( both being of course an absurd extreme situation that would never actually happen . ), 
  you just said that if we tax the non-rich too much and they go on strike , then  the rich will be long gone and those that remain will have to sort out their problems themselves . 
  the non-rich also have a breaking point above which they just dodge taxes as well or go on strike . 
  less actually ( both because your man is likely to be married with children/investing in tax rebated sectors and because 45 % is also for marginal income above 150000 $ of fiscal parts ) . 
  the point is that if you somehow manage to have the debt rate reduced ( eurobonds , more greek debt in national portfolios ... ) , the situation would be liveable . 
  and guess what , it was because their deficit was far above 1 % . 
  a country is not an individual . 
  if you keep your debt at a constant ( or better , shrinking ) rate of your gdp , you can do it as long as you want ( until the global economy collapse anyway , in which case you just default ) . 
  except that during normal times , 1 % is not `` above your means '' . 
  your debt still shrinks ( relatively to the gdp ) assuming your normal growth is above 1 % ( plus inflation ) . 
  remark that i said `` nobody to sell it '' , not `` nobody to sell it to '' . 
  it seems than the right has developed their argument about `` people who do not want to work because they are living well enough on welfare '' shows that the poor also have a threshold beyond which they do not work . 
  so if we tax the rich , they go . 
  if we tax the non-rich , the rich go . 
  it seems more efficient to tax the hell out of the few who will remain then . 
  i meant nothing about a buyer base , only the workers : to produce something yo need capital and labour . 
   i never said anywhere i wanted to heavily tax workers . 
  you have to tax someone ( or cut spendings , which is basically the same as far as demonstrators are concerned ) . 
   only that one capital holder leaving for greener pastures hurts your country 's overall wealth a lot more than one , ten , or hundred striking worker ( s ) . 
  but there are more than one , ten or a hundred workers for each capital holder . 
  why are you giving me a `` beyind microeconomics approximations 101 '' ? 
  of course if you heavily tax workers not all of them will protest/go on strike . 
  as much as if you heavily tax capital holders , not all of them will go away/stop investing . 
  how do you pay anyone if you have nothing to sell/nobody to sell it ? 
  the economy is made of every of its actors , not only capital holders . 
  what a fool i am who though everyone working was making the economy . 
  you also forget that even those who can t dodge taxes have ways to disrupt them and hurt revenue : strikes , demonstration , vote for another majority ... and they seem potentially far more damageable ( in term of of both budget and social peace - one of the main reason we hace a fiscal system ) than a hundred rich people leaving the country, 
  that is an argument against taxes in general , not against who should have his taxes raised . 
  our society already thinks it is ok to tke fronm the rich, 
  my point exactly . 
  and yet the only argument you hear is `` it is unfair . 
  why do you hate sucess ? '', 
  morally speaking , is it fair to tape in the non-rich 's wallet ( including cuts ) just because they are the ones with the least means to dodge it ? 
  cutthe french government claims that this heavy fiscality will last a few years only , and then will be switched to budget cuts . 
  the reason invoked for that is that raising taxes does growth more harm thancuts only on the long/middle term ( because people just use savings ( which are high in france ) to compensate ) . 
  the government has of course yet to deliver , but i do not find it absurd . 
  also reread my last sentence ( of the previous post ) : it basixally says what you wrote . 
  but is the fact that the not rich cant do anything to dodge it good enough of a reason to charte them more ? 
  how is that punishing ? 
  the governement needs to find money and they are the ones who have the most of it . 
  unfortunatly , you have to put too heavy of a load on someone . 
  should you charge the poor , because they can t dodge it , or the rich , because they are the ones that can afford it the most ? 
  so , if i follow you , because he is serbian he shoud not point out that he thinks the op is refering to a particular country ? 
  i have not found an explaination for the differences with the traditional wp figures we all have seen . 
  do you know.more ? 
  11th country per capita . 
  not that it is shameful , but i m under the impression that brits think they pay an undecent amount compared to other countries . 
  funnily enough the people is entirely changed every 70 years or so no matter what you do . 
  how is insulting one woman ( even if it is not really justified ) discriminzting women in general ? 
  [ complete report ] ( http://www.oecd.org/tad/agriculturalpoliciesandsupport/agriculturalpolicymonitoringandevaluation2012oecdcountries.htm ), 
  you will find that programs similar to the cap ( in its form and in its budget ) in most , if not all northern countries . 
  the current cap has been negociated when eastern european countries were not in the eu . 
  but , as i said , things are to be shifted to the east in 2013 . 
  edit : [ data ] ( http://www.oecd.org/media/oecdorg/satellitesites/newsroom/agr%20chart.png ), 
   being in the eu without voting rights right , on one side , you have people saying `` the uk vetoes everything '' and on the other `` nobody cares for what the uk says '' . 
  do n't you feel it is a blatant exageration on both sides . 
  plus the issue was the `` massive contribution '' from the uk , which will not be completely cut if it wants an access to the common market . 
   the one country that scoffs + / -50 % of the whole budget . 
  which one ? 
  the country that recieve the most money is france , which gets about 17 % . 
  you could say the way it is now is not turned enough towards eastern countries , but that will change in 2013 ( idk to what extent exactly though ), 
  then there would be no  massive contribution taken out . 
  norway and switzerland do contribute to the eu budget ( and also adopt most of its regulation : you ca n't be in a market and keep out of its standards ), 
  i 'd say food independance is , on the contrary , far more important than 30 years ago . 
  maybe it needs some reforms , but attacking it bluntly will only result in two entranched positions `` not more cap '' and `` we keep the cap the way it is '' without any margin for sensible change . 
  on the other hand , why should the uk be able to block the other countries from integrating ? 
  would n't it be simpler to have the uk out of the eu instead if creating a new organization for the benevolent countries to get in ? 
  and yet they are poorer than their western , more regulated neighbours . 
  and russia today is the result of businessmen not being regulated and able to get hold of all the riches . 
  that is pure blackmail . 
   you are contributing more to the society already , but what the state wants to do is to take most of it , not just part of it . 
  or , viewed differently , benefiting from the society more than others . 
  so your `` this is not moral ! '', 
  stance of earlier is abandoned ? 
  how is 45 % far more killing than the current 21 % . 
  which are to be taxed at 45 % max , since the 75 % is not part of that tax regime . 
  what ? 
  the false thing was that `` capital gains and dividends will now be subject to the income tax regime '' . 
  i looked it up , and it is true , but still , how is taxing capital earnings at 45 % preventing anyone from becoming rich ? 
   how about when you create new business , it becomes successful and you become rich . 
  is that leeching ? 
  you become rich through capital earnings , which are not covered by that tax . 
  on the other hand , the last temporary tax we had in france has been revoked ( on cars ), 
  can you name 5 persons ( out of approximately 2000 ) in france who earn over 1 million because of a company they created ? 
  i can name two .
