  i quite positive the only water flowing through the tunnels is only a cooling close-circuit . 
  the 3rd one for butter surpluses ? 
   i guess it is actually the reason why , almost half of the times i took a french tgv in the last 3 month the ticket control was on the platform before entering the train . 
  that 's mostly because of fraud i 'd guess : it has never happened to me and an attack is just as bad on any tgv . 
  but be kindly reminded that labelling your luggage with name and surname is mandatory aboard the train . 
  thank you . 
  liquids in the uk : if it 's cold , it 's soup ; if it 's warm , it 's beer ; if it 's both , it 's tap water . 
  i think he meant a few moments before changing , as opposed to when you want to change but ca n't because there are cars on the other line . 
  employement-wise , it did . 
  full employment does not mean '' everyone has a job '' but `` everyone who wants one has one '' . 
  the aim of the work was `` how do you wish france to be like in 10 years ? '', 
  not `` how do you think it will be '' . 
  but now there is the euro , and that model is affecting the others . 
  the funny thing is that for southern economies to see growth again the most efficient thing would be raising salaries in germany . 
  the world is unfair if you think about it . 
  how surprising that unfaithful people ould lie about it , right ? 
  my my ... are my fellow countrymen dishonest . 
  i mean even i have stumbled upon porn by accident , had a one night stand because i just could n't find the number of that very interesting girl or had my orthographic corrector sent an explicit message . 
  that is what he did , france was fined , and the rebuttal of the law is ( partially ) a consequence of that . 
  btw after the said revolution there were a few times wherein people were less equal . 
  that law is a legacy from that time ( 1881 ), 
  still slander under french law ( this is clearly not a case of journalist * bona fides * ) . 
  that is slander . 
  you 're going to jail , pal . 
   where are communist symbols banned ? 
  hungary , latvia , lithuania , poland . 
  be careful , we still have laws about `` public insult '' ( against everyone , not just the president ) . 
  the situation for which that law had been used for the first time since long is also quite tasty : during a meeting , a man refused to shake sarkozy 's hand , saying `` do not touch me , you are dirtying me '' , to which sarkozy answered `` get away , twat '' . 
  then two years later a man protested a visit by sarkozy by holding a placard reading `` get away , twat '' , for which he was fined . 
  the law repelled now had not been used for decades when sarkozy invoked it . 
  like many old , unenforced laws , it was clearly infringing on freedom of speech which is why the echr , one of the safeguards we use for that kind of things , repelled the sentence . 
  you mean in recent british history , or globally ? 
  because you just have to look at the indian partition . 
  why did you put , for example , the queen in the uk ( or king in spain , sweden ... ) , and the chancellor in germany ( instead of pm/chancellor or queen/president ) ? 
   it does n't have to be connected with religion . 
  it was , though . 
  the protests were more about `` we christians no longer see our values shared by the general population '' than about gay marriage . 
  worldwide maybe , but what about europe ? 
  not necessarilly wirelessly , but yes . 
  what was he saying ? 
  so do the russian . 
  it is a fight , not a party . 
  why do you think [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4pmqb5zmau ) was ? 
  did it take 4 years for this link to reach you in the north ? 
  you are equating europe with western europe . 
  the `` appeasing '' use of the union in that part of the continent is long over . 
  but look a bit eastwards : what do you think is the main reason behind the recent talks between serbia and kosovo ? 
   the notion that nato is nothing and the eu is everything also spits on the graves of all the british servicemen who died trying , and in some places succeeding , to free europe with no intention of political union . 
  what has this to do with that ? 
  it is not like anyone is claiming their patronage . 
  that is like saying that gay marriage is a spit on the grave of those who dedicated their lives finding a cure for aids without having marriage in mind . 
   given how long turkey has been a candidate and look how pro-eu they are now . 
   `` cap money to wines , tobacco , tulips and other idiotic stuff '' how is that more idiotic than meat or soy ? 
   obviously not 44 % of the budget . 
  that does n't mean anything : the cap is one of the only large-scale european program . 
   it is tailored so that the french people can get money from the germans , and it shows . 
  it is tailored so that the most incentive to cultivate goes to the most productive land . 
   but who do we charge for giving an italian village money for rural `` development '' for 40 years ? 
  i 'm assuming you are talking about the erdf . 
  of course those funds are somewhat permanent : they are here to help making the eu more homogeneous in term of investments . 
  it might be more economically efficient to just let it 's inhabitant move to the next city and let it die , but economical efficiency is n't the only criterion to consider . 
   i am not a fan of a more integrated eu , but whatever ones plans are for the eu , one has to agree that there has to be a goal , a plan and an evaluation . 
  i do not even understand how one can fail in something that basic there ca n't be a common goal with that much different governments , which change every few year . 
  right now europe is n't built , it is just happening . 
  i think that falls in the category of `` non-merchant exchange '' . 
  money has to be given to be `` economy '' . 
  not necessary illegal * per se * : it also includes undeclared work ( moonlighting ) which would be legal if declared . 
  joke 's on her : you can buy pre-stamped envelopes . 
  one should mention that lately the programs have been modified to be a bit less france-centric : -- during the `` antiquity period '' , one asian empire has to be studied ( han or gupta ) -- 10 % of the `` middle-age '' has to be about the islam empires ( still focuses on spain ) -- iirc , there also should be the study of an african empire ( i guess malian , ethiopian ... ), 
  it 's funny to see that people quote other countries when it comes to culture , science , politics , way of life ... but are basically saying `` to hell with those other countries , my sportsmen are the best '' . 
  the two events are totally unrelated . 
  max ( presidential ( if existent ) , parlementary ) ? 
  `` parliamentary election '' probably is n't the best measure for all countries . 
  in france for example that election occurs just after the presidential one : the turnout is lower ( 55 % vs. 80 % ) because it is quite certain that the party that won presidency will dominate the parliament . 
  well , first you must resign from the government that makes or endorses such laws . 
  the aim of the eu is to have the same rules in all member-states . 
   they wo n't lost a shit if the sons and daughters of those immigrants are french citizens raised in the french/european culture . 
  the suncreen market may collapse !, 
  harmonizing regulation between the eu and the us will also mean that food standards in the eu will fall . 
  this `` we should suspend talks '' is only there to do that stick-hitting . 
   what happens if nick griffin says something in france and they want to prosecute him ? 
  since he is in france , why would there be a need for a european warrant ? 
   or if someone posts a comment questioning the holocaust on a french web server ? 
  the comment will be removed by the server operator . 
   armenian genocide `` denial '' is illegal there no it is not  stupid french laws that are shared with 9 other countries in europe . 
  that is like saying city folks should n't be involved in subsidising farming because it takes place in the country . 
   for such a modest amount of money , it sure seems the likes of france were n't happy with cameron 's demand . 
  france is n't particularily known for being pragmatic as opposed to dogmatic ( or attached to principles.if you want to put a more positive spin on it ) . 
  hey , you know who has a lot of intelligence ? 
  actually this is not something already agreed upon : this is all about the interpretation of the sentence `` the existing correction mechanism for the uk will continue to apply . '', 
  is it in term of percentage ( and thus if the cap funding is down , so is the rebate , which is apparently what everyone was thinking ) or in absolute terms ( which is what cameron was defending ) ? 
  [ source ] ( http://fr.reuters.com/article/freurorpt/idfrl5n0f33tl20130627 ) ( french ) . 
  i do not see any `` whining '' there , only some criticism at cameron for disrupting a summit for a relatively modest amount of money ( 300 m $ ) . 
  there are already [ lines ] ( http://ferrocarta.net/france/horaires/sg_bx.html ) going around paris ( through massy and marne ), 
  of course he is unpopular , and that is precisely because of the reforms : the right-wing does n't like him because for them the left-wing has no legitimacy for power and the left-wing does n't like him because he is not doing the left-wing policy they were hoping for . 
  for my part i love it : a center-right economic policy , without all that `` national identity '' crap . 
  there is a reform of the pension system is under way , as well as one on administrative simplification . 
  others will follow . 
  for what has been done : public investment bank to invest in new businesses ( since banks are unwilling to do so ) , some new contracts aimed at promoting youth employment , better attractivity of the university towards foreign students , and of course the reform of the labour market . 
  you may have noticed that the reform of marriage has been blown out of proportion , effectively blocking everything for a few months .
