  there are more than 1 producer . 
  there still is an internal competition . 
  besides , that is exactly the point : the idea of the cultural exception is that , under competition , it is the low-quality commercial stuff which gets aired ; art , culture intrinsically researches high-quality , independently of money considerations . 
  he is the best leader france can have at that moment : reformist and politically able to reform ( because from the left-wing ), 
  gladly , since he overlooks the fact that most government interventions are here for a good reason ( health standards , safety at work , preservation of the landscape ... ) . 
  most of the protectionism consists in obligations for tv/radio stations . 
  in france they have to air a quota of french productions . 
  additionally tv stations have to invest in french movies . 
  there also are subsidies from regions and diverse organism , but that is not what is at stake . 
  their is a difference between what people want and what people watch . 
  and what is that `` small elitist group ? '', 
  it is not their is a small governmental panel which decides what project gets subsidies and which does not . 
  i do not think that intellectually masses like crap . 
  only when chosing what to watch , lazyness gets the upper hand . 
  why would the theory of evolution apply to culture ? 
  that is basically the reason of the current cultural exception : competition does not make for better culture , only big tasteless stuff and small ones which will never pierce . 
  nobody is talking about that in france , and hollande is not putting much emphaisis on that question . 
  what has protectionism to do with stagnation ? 
  wait ... are you denying the necessity for antitrust laws ? 
  i guess i agree with the word `` libertard '' then . 
   you do n't have to worry about that , if it 's low quality , there wo n't be watched by many people anyway . 
  that is here that you are wrong . 
  if you ask people whether they 'd rather have an amazing documentary or some mindless scripted-reality on tv , they will chose the former . 
  if you put both on air at the same time , the later . 
  otoh , no culture will survive the tests of time and all states have subsidised culture one way or the other . 
  the important stuff about `` cultural exception '' is not so much subsidies but the very way you treat culture : not as a chewing-gum , not as a standard product because an essential one . 
  ( if you want other exceptions , you can think of food ( for the same reason ) and weapons ( for completely different ones ) ) . 
  another relevant article : http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2013/jun/07/france-culture-war-united-states?intcmp=ilcnettxt3487, 
  is n't it quite obvious ? 
  he 's right though : the eurozone debt crisis is more or less over ( in a sense that no country is close to defaulting ) . 
  what remains is an economic crisis but in that regard you ca n't blame him from trying to lure japanese businesses in . 
  were n't the balkans conquered and hungary/austria the shield ? 
   is not a fair grounds for being killed adn after that they will have to live with you , because pensions will have been cut . 
  that still is a gratuitous fascism accusation . 
   they think culture is what sells what ? 
   will he be able to implement any of these reforms ? 
   -- to trim the welfare state  -- cut excessive unemployment benifits  -- increase the workweek from 35 to 40 hours nobody , even in the right wings , defends those ideas , why would hollande even try ? 
  it is not unusual when children grow up ( although i have to admit i have mostly seen it going from blond to darker , not the oppostite ) . 
  i remember being able to do that in fran\u00e7ais , not in philo . 
   perhaps you would prefer option b , which is to write a commentary on a text . 
  you can do that now ? 
  those youngsters have it easy , let me tell you . 
  i will never get all those countries who eat mostly big loafs of bread . 
  for me bread is all about a thick crunchy crust that you use to spread stuff on , push your food , or just bite . 
  the inside of the bread is probably the most boring and stodgy part of bread . 
  why calling one , when there are plenty of suitable ones [ in poland ] ( http://www.ila-chateau.com/brodnica/pic14.jpg ) ? 
  switzerland is voting on it next year iirc . 
  [ not really vast . 
  ] ( http://www.ifop.com/media/poll/2233-1-study_file.pdf ), 
  the fun thing is that the english word `` mail '' actually comes from french . 
   how much power does academie francaise actually have its members are immortal , but apart from that none . 
  o rly ? 
  what ? 
  so shows like honey boo boo or jersey shore are not about looking down at pleb ? 
  you can really trust the nordics to take the eurovision so seriously . 
  actually no . 
  that levy is know as `` surtaxe fillon '' , fillon being sarkozy 's pm and you ca n't really say that this governement hated the rich . 
  let you work , sure . 
  pay you for that ? 
   only 3 % but much more of the population . 
   the name is already taken yes . 
  and it refers to a part of greece . 
  we are so superior there is not even need for arrogance . 
  that table has nothing to do with the economist . 
   if only they would give germany some coffee so it properly wakes up and acknowledges the situation . 
  germany is bound to be sleepy at least until september and its elections . 
  where ? 
  is it supposed to be a pun or a reference to something ? 
   do n't let them know the place exists !, 
  what place , europe ? 
  why do we bother with a parliament if a project is supposed to be debated before it is presented ? 
   the parliament was the `` least important '' of the eu 's big three institutions . 
  in a city of many presidents , running the parliament counts for less than running the european commission ( the eu 's civil service ) or the european council ( representing 27 governments ) . 
  that does n't show anything : a parliament is collegial by nature with not much use for a president . 
  so project -  debate -  correction of the project . 
   why is there almost no voice for secular traditionalism ? 
  because religion is a tradition . 
   who got to decide the ot is n't to be followed saint paul , mostly  what was the legitimacy of this person to say such a thing ? 
  objectively his legitimacy is debatable ( as in `` what would jesus have thought '' ) , but he was one of the 2 founders of the church . 
   then why is it still part of the bible ? 
  to show where christianity comes from and that jesus fulfils jewish prophecies . 
   if god is all knowing he should have known the ideas of the ot would be `` frowned upon '' in our times , so why did he include it in the first place ? 
  the ot is not the word of god , and the leviticus is only a book about jewish laws ( especially the part wherein the gay = bad is ) . 
  which he did . 
  those new taxes were never implemented . 
  he started his mandate by trying to deliver on a campaign promise ( taxing capital as much as labour ) and then backed down at the end of the subsequent debate . 
  well yes . 
  * laissez-faire * might be a french sentence , but it is only something that a merchant said to a french minister in the xviith century . 
  so far it has n't been implemented yet ( and given that france has n't fared to badly it is unlikely that it will ) . 
  paradoxically no . 
  if there is a liberal reform to be done in france , the left-wing has to do it because : -- our right-wing is no more liberal than the left . 
  -- the right-wing wo n't be able to do more than a few small reforms because as soon as they pull something off , the demonstrators start readying their placards . 
  the eu has been saying that for quite a long time now , so it is not really related . 
  fact is , and contrary to what this sub seems to think , the left-wing is far better at reforms . 
  the insee has not much to do with the government ... and they made that study in 2004 , at a time when the government was right-wing ( and opposed , in speech , to the law -- that they never revoked ) . 
  according to the french statistics agency ( insee ) the law was responsible for the creation of around 350000 jobs . 
  you know who else [ was drunk ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1hcfhjlndq ) and [ stole pens ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzcss4uescq\u200e ) ? 
  actually there is no more a state monopoly on energy in france . 
  in practice , it changes nothing but still . 
  the chosen commissioners also have to be approved by the parliament , and can be censored by it .
