  as in many countries you have to get an authorization if you want to organize a demonstration -- because you will inevitably disrupt public peace ( even if it is only traffic disturbance ) and the police wants to take measure to cope with it . 
  ayraut ( pm ) just said that such a permit would not be granted . 
  however , you still can perform spontaneous demonstration : show up with a sign at the us embassy , maybe others will join you ( but if you text some friends `` come protest , it is not spontaneous anymore , and you are the organizer of an unauthorized demonstration ) . 
  the police still can tell you to disperse if they have reason to do so ( and if you are in front of an embassy , it is likely that the will ), 
  lol , the french are so cowards they 'd rather avoid stupid death !, 
  sure , for all that matter we could call him/her super-emperor or great khan , that would not change much . 
   america says `` iran war '' and we 'll say `` fuck off '' and there 's nothing they 'll be able to do about it . 
  what can they do now ? 
  curb cheese imports and rename their food ? 
  why ? 
  you can have a president appointed by the parliament ( in fact , that 's how most republics work ), 
  why ? 
  you can have a president appointed by the parliament ( in fact , that 's how most republics work ), 
  and nothing close to 10 000 years anyway . 
  as in most of the world ... 
  what has foreign politics to do with cultural differences though ? 
  misread , my bad . 
  i think he meant competition between nations , not club . 
  you have the 6 nations tournament . 
  of course not , they are space-lizards , that 's common knowledge . 
  they do not even deny it . 
  litteraly , `` for the flemish , the same '' . 
  it does not make a lot of sense though . 
  because jesus would disapprove of them ? 
  i though it was fine to be a catholic, 
  err , yeah . 
  what does this has to do with the pope or the vatican ? 
   have you been completely ignorant about the rampant child sex abuses that have been going on in the catholic churches all around the world ? 
  yes . 
  the coverups are bad , but one had to expect that a bishop who has tried all his life to be forgiving would be tempted not to denounce someone he was responsible for a a friend . 
   it has gotten so bad that the vatican stated that anyone who talks publicly about it will be ex-communicated , tens of millions has been payed to victims for there silence and the abuse still happens every day . 
  the vatican has stated that for people violating trial confidentiality and breaking their secrecy oath . 
  it does not mean on any account impunity : someone who has knowledge of pedophilia ( even through confession ) has to report ( whether it gets transmitted or not is the heart of the problem ) . 
   the vatican is still stuck in the dark ages when it comes to many subjects . 
  and while they have billions of $ $ in hard currency , ancient artifacts , paintings and statues they do very little for charity . 
  the vatican runs a deficit and lives partially itself on charity . 
  it has little hard currency ant it would be quite stupid to liquidate its assets as they earn him some money . 
  ( and are a fundamental part of the curch heritage ) . 
   why are people still starving in the world , when the vatican could bring a stop to it if they so chose to do so . 
  if they came out with a worldwide call to feed the poor , possibly even selling a few of there treasures to start the funding and stating that every catholic must send food/money to assist , starvation would be ancient history . 
  if they did so there would be a massive food price drop in africa and most of the farmers ( who account for a lot of the population ) would have no other resource than to sell their land and go , jobless , to the nearest township . 
  and how exactly is the will of the vatican to become richer while caring less about human welfare manifesting nowadays ? 
   the big , untouchable , religious institution who has the final word on anything and cares less about human freedom and spirituality and more about there own gains and wealth . 
  it 's not like you have anything to support that idea is it ? 
  it is still sometimes used to refer to a vagina . 
  but never to the woman owning it . 
  in the bible , the antichrist is defined ( in john , as it is his only appearance ) as a denier of the christ 's divinity . 
  so no , whatever you may think of the papacy , the pope can not be remotely be associated with the antichrist described in the bible . 
   that current emmigration which is yet to be proved . 
  ( arnault claims his move is not fiscally-related , and he has not really any reason to lie about it ), 
  funnily enough , the deficit has decreased this year . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2012/09/08/bernard-arnault-veut-devenir-belge_1757416_3234.html and ... apparently that 's only very bad timing and has few to do with tax ( and maybe also a nice way to supply bullets to the opposition ), 
   wait , what ? 
  are you saying managing waste from research and medical applications is the same as managing waste from energy production ?!, 
  for most of the volume , yes . 
  the only waste specific to plants is long life and high-activity waste which accounts for a tiny volume . 
  for example you could fit all that france have ever produced in a pool ( although it would n't stay in their for long ) . 
  if you find a solution for one pool , you can easily scale it for two pools . 
  edit : you also have medium-activity long life waste , you can throw 10 more pools in . 
   right now the problem is that we do not manage waste and phasing out nuclear will change what exactly ? 
  ( i mean apart from demotivating research in waste management )  and i do n't know about france , but the german once are not designed to be protected against airplanes . 
  of course some politicans , just like in france , will claim everything will be fine . 
  the truth is when those things were built nobody imagined planes could be used as weapons . 
  so they did not put any consideration into it . 
  claiming they are save is just a measure to calm the public , there is no proof that they really are . 
  if you do not trust the designers of the plants for being honest enough not to outrightly lie like that their ca n't be a discussion . 
  and in the nuke world , companies are generally honest , but sometimes more obscure and opposant have a `` the aim justifies the means '' towards inaccuracies attitude . 
  from : http://energie.edf.com/fichiers/fckeditor/commun/en_direct_centrales/nucleaire/centrales/blayais/publications/documents/dp%20blayais%202012%20ind1.pdf my german skill are too low to check for the german plants . 
   what ?!, 
  you have too manage waste anyway . 
  the dangerousness/difficulty to dispose of waste does not increase greatly with the amount of waste you have . 
  therefore saying `` we are in a rush , we need to stop producing watse now ! '', 
  is unsound . 
   first two keeping nuke for a few years will have no impact on the amount of dangerousness of those . 
  plus i guess germany will keep using nuclear-based medicine , no ? 
   nope . 
  no nuclear plant in germany is capable of surviving an impact like that . 
  they were n't designed like that , so why should they . 
   they were n't designed like that , so why should they . 
  because they are enormous strengthened concrete structures * vs. * a shallow metal tube 10 times smaller ? 
   what about the nuclear waste 1 . 
  it 's not like we are in a rush to solve the problem 2 . 
  their is waste already , a little more would n't hurt that much  any commercial airplane could trigger a nuclear desaster this is a myth . 
   you can build very efficient storage power plants ( e.g. 
  based on electrolysis ) today for compensating and load balancing . 
  but that would mean the companies could not make a penny of all their coal and gas they own . 
  funfact : the electricity market is liberalized in the eu . 
  anyone can build a storage plant and use it to trade on the epex ( or local equivalent ) . 
  why is n't everyone doing it ? 
  because it still costs a lot for a not-so-great income . 
  the only ones doing it on a massive level are dams ( since they already have the infrastructure built ), 
  not all countries agree on authorizing this kind of modulation though . 
   hyperbor ~ ~ ic ~ ~ ean as well, 
  considering the demographics , yes we do . 
  well , the caption says `` ready to get lost '' does n't it ? 
   in the us , companies train their employees , and it is expected that someone who is new to a job will have reduced duties and a fair amount of mentoring for a brief period , after which he or she will be expected to take on the full responsibilities of an employee . 
  so it is in france . 
  except , you can go to an * ad-hoc * organism , say `` hey , i 'm qualified for this job '' and receive a degree ( granted you are actually qualified ) . 
  and i believe there is no really such thing as a `` cloth selling education '' , more likely a `` selling stuff education '' ( most likely bep force de vente ) . 
  and she is an `` apprentice '' .
