   when did france become nice ? 
  6000 years ago . 
   working for the fucking institution at the very root of the fucking debt crisis for fuck 's sakes . 
  i think you are confused , he worked for the portuguese government before going to the commission , not now . 
  he did act a bit alone on that one , and was contradicted by the president later on ( whose job also is to represent the country ), 
  they already have tons of those , what they wanted was a politician to advise them about the politician side of brexit, 
  the french foreign minister was mostly expressing his own position though . 
  or maybe they hire him because he has valuable experience to bring , and he agrees to work for them because they give him money . 
  what sector is completely separate from the commission 's activities ? 
  do you really think the pie will grow by 25 % due to that change ? 
  and if you exit that system they will come back to collect welfare in the uk . 
  they are along all french rivers . 
  turns out the border between france and germany is one of those rivers . 
   what about all these people who are planning to leave britain if the country would leave the eu those never claimed to be patriots . 
  is it better or worse than 4 % unemployment + 10 % zero-hour contracts/minijobs/any other form of labour that makes you poor ? 
   more precisely , he was a right wing person who got elected on a left wing programme . 
  in shot he does exactly the opposite of what he has been elected for if you exclude outliers like the bourget speech or the 75 % tax , his program was n't really left-wing, 
   therefore we can cover any losses . 
  but your gov most probably wo n't . 
  yeah but for that to be really relevant you would need your tory government to pick up subsidies where brexit has left them , which i do n't really see happening . 
   spin it however you like it , the council does n't reflect the european society and it 's needs . 
  because we are in a eu which is made of member-states , not nations . 
  most eurosceptics would n't change that for the world . 
   even if they were their leaders are fiscally conservative and would side with the western block . 
  and so does their people . 
  you mean that place where every member-state ( that is 11 from western/northern europe , 6 from southern europe ( incl . 
  si & hr ) and 9 from eastern europe ) has 1 vote ? 
  from the look of it , it seems that if a southern + eastern block does exist , it has the majority of votes . 
  he obviously did n't mean `` it can not legally be ... '', 
   much more hopful, 
  between brexit and the conclusion of the eu-uk deal . 
   whether hollande will be the next president ( again ) or not depends entirely on the french voter and what the french voter does depends in part on what the eu does . 
   last time i looked , i could directly vote for the party and chancellor i want technically you ca n't really vote directly for the chancellor you want, 
   does n't matter what his policies are or what he 's doing/has done otherwise . 
  it 's not like brits know about that either . 
  england could take its independence from the uk, 
  there is only one donald we need in europe , and his name ai n't trump . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  threaten to leave the eu ? 
  he tried to flee the country to rally foreign monarchs and have them invade france and put him back in power . 
   your king had power though . 
  not in 1793 . 
  we went to a `` powerless king/constitutional monarchy '' phase before switching to the 1st republic . 
  by countries ' laws . 
  the point is precisely to prevent countries from un-banning it . 
  last time i went to britain i distinctly remember having my passport checked by the border police . 
  if that 's not border control i do n't know what is . 
  now you have signed an agreement saying that workers from the eea are free to come work in britain , but that is no more a loss of sovereignty than if you were to sign a visa exemption treaty with canada . 
  as for the `` we had to wait 40 years to get to vote '' , that is a matter of who is sovereign in the uk , not a matter of sovereignty of the uk . 
  in what way has britain sacrificed it 's independence and sovereignty , if it is able to leave the eu at any time ? 
  that 's like saying any house is a prison , as it too has walls . 
  british parliament does not have a say on that , as freedom of circulation for worker is part of the eea package . 
  so no , not the same thing at all . 
  that 's assuming there would be less regulation without the eu, 
   we 'll lose our nhs to ttip privatisation if we stay in . 
  you do know the british parliament has a vetoing vote on ttip , right ? 
  institution-wise , the president of the commission is just as democratically elected and accountable as the british pm . 
  the problem is that people do not care , not that the commission is flawed . 
   anyone who believes in civilisation civilization predates statistics by far . 
   yes . 
  some minor details . 
  such as guaranteeing ireland military neutrality , or the assurance that the lisbonne treaty will not change the fiscal policy of the eu . 
  pretty minor details indeed, 
   obviously , i 'm for voting out , but only for the right reasons . 
  obviously . 
  paying for what ? 
  if you are talking about member-state contribution there will be a hole or ~ 7 g $ to fill up . 
  let 's say germany will have to pay 3 or 4 g $ of that , that is not even a third of their budget surplus , they can afford it . 
   businesses always gladly sell the service or good they are offering surprising . 
  if french left-wing voters had really wanted a left-wing policy , then martine aubry would be president , not hollande . 
  having a car or not does not really have a lot to do with wealth . 
  if anything people who do have a car are those who ca n't afford to live in downtown paris or in a place that is well-served by public transportation . 
  it 's highly variable year-to-year though , you should take a 6 years average instead . 
  that an advisor to the european court of justice says that his opinion is different from the one of a different court not affiliated to the eu shows how dysfunctional the eu is ? 
  this is quite confusing . 
   france turned most stable , prosperous country in all africa into civil war ridden terror camp for some oil deals not long few years ago . 
  you seem to forget that a civil war was already going on when france decided to intervene . 
   i ca n't for the life of my figure out why this comment is ` controversial ' . 
  does it bring anything to the discussion ? 
  telecom is already a controlled market anyway , in all member-states . 
  of the world , not the eu . 
  never really understood that one . 
  it was clearly just a way of saying `` we have more important things to use this money on '' , not a promise to allocate it to the nhs . 
  who could believe that farage , who led a party with no seat in the british parliament , could decide on how to allocate british money ? 
  it 's like saying `` vote yes and we will be able to send that money to the nhs '' , not `` vote yes and that money will be sent to the nhs '' . 
  yeah , britain is notorious for its acceptance of polish workers working jobs in britain . 
  this proposed regulation is about not having poles contractors coming from poland to do the job , nothing to do with immigration and integration . 
  meh , it 's backslash from people who would have never voted for him . 
   some almost uninhibited peninsula though and they wanted to keep their haven of free love from the basques ? 
   also if countries contributions all go up it 'll be a massive . 
  boost for eurosceptic parties in western europe not really , national contribution are pretty invisible to the taxpayer . 
   we just wanted to get out , no hard feelings . 
  even then you still have to pay alimony for the kids . 
  ow , thanks , i never realized that !, 
  trump , are you not following ? 
  neither . 
  feta was n't protected in canada , there were plans to include protection in ceta but the clause was removed . 
  the bridge just got two meters longer . 
  well he has already given his three-months notice . 
   treaty change no need for that , german surplus is already against the six-pack regulations .
