  i do not absolutely want a job . 
  money will do just fine . 
   and because greece has a gdp per capita higher than some asian countries , we 're great but we should not compare our gdp per capita to america , because it does n't tell the whole picture ... but as asian countries ( and as a rule , emerging economies ) have a more scattered income distribution , that very point still stands . 
  europe is not a geographic entity , it is purely poltic/cultural . 
  and europe is pretty much only defined by history . 
  what is it plotting exactly ? 
  french agriculture is pretty much controlled by brussels already . 
  the only ones remotely pissed about that are farmers . 
  why do n't journalist put an `` and '' instead of a comma in their title . 
  pretty much the same space , but there is one that makes the title readable . 
  ( yup , that was my unrelated comment ) edit : the comment section is worth a look as well, 
  i 'm ashamed to confess that i am not doing well at guessing the countries . 
  try and guess [ that ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mb9ywkansm1qb0bzxo1_500.jpg ) . 
  it feels like it could be in any city . 
  and what better way to reduce standing army than a massive budget cut to to a crisis ? 
  is the regular money prize coming too ? 
  how about making something nice to celebrate with it ? 
  the point is you can have a constant or shrinking debt ( in relative value ) even wile running a deficit . 
   maybe more will leave , but having some departures in the timespan of 4 years is better than ... [ here ( fr ) ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2012/10/09/appel-a-la-greve-de-la-cgt-pour-l-emploi-et-l-industrie_1772129_3234.html ) , a day of strikes already . 
  nothing too paralysing , just one day to pressure the government . 
  who cares what they believe ? 
  i ca n't predict the future either , but the fact is if that measure is indeed temporary they will see it in 4 years . 
  maybe more will leave , but having some departures in the timespan of 4 years is better than having massive strikes against in a law that will not pass anyway because half the socialist representatives will follow their electors and vote against it . 
  have you read anything i have posted ? 
  sure you can get cuts ( and approx . 
  10 billion of this year 's 30 billion effort is cuts ) . 
  but if you push them too hard and too quickly you will immediately have strikes , potentially hurting growth more than the rich that can leave in this timespan of 1 ~ 4 year of fiscal pressure . 
  why do you think we are having laws for gay marriage but so as to appease the left wing ? 
  so basically we are not talking about the same thing . 
  if it is the least harmful solution for the budget , then i do not give a damn about a few thousand people motivated solely by greed moving away from france . 
  what interests me is : how can we keep shrinking france 's deficit without harming growth too much . 
   yes , but if you own factories overseas or have the majority of your money elsewhere it will be easy . 
  i agree that some rich people will have more trouble relocating than others . 
  but the vast majority will still flee or begin to move factories overseas if this happens . 
  if you do not have any reason to have your company based in france ( for example , your factories-owning guy probably would sell most of his produces in france ) then your company is already not based in france . 
  as you said , there are other countries which are already more attractive tax-wise . 
   what if only one group of people has the option to leave ? 
  if i am a rich french businessman and i move to singapore , why would i care if the economy of my former country was disrupted ? 
  i 'd be laughing as the people that drove me out starved . 
  why are you always placing yourself as a taxed rich ? 
  the question is not what the rich should do , but what the government should . 
  and yes , the government cares about disrupted economics . 
  so do the rich for that matter : as i wrote above they have made their fortune in france , with french assets and based on the french economy . 
  if you make your money by owning a supermarket company operating in france , you can try to relocate to singapore , but it will be risky and lengthy . 
   and the government will be facing it without having rich people to tax if it drives them out . 
  if rich people leave , they take their money while france is left with the politicians , unions , and debt . 
  not all of them will leave , because ( in that order ) 1 . they want to stay home 2 . their assets are not that liquid 3 . they actually want to help 4 . other reasons . 
   not global unrest . 
  national unrest . 
  germany and other european countries will have less competition and the us and other countries will be trying their utmost to attract the rich people the have been driven out . 
  which would be a big relief for the french government . 
   yes . 
  it 's always good to be aware of history . 
  jews that did n't get out of germany in time and rich people that did n't get out of russia in time less than 100 years ago were murdered by the state . 
  given that the rich are vilified in france and increasingly-severe measures are being taken to punish them , they 'd be wise to get out before things get worse . 
  things can always get worse . 
  so the rich should leave the us because occupy wall street does not like them and obama wants to remove tax cuts ? 
  you will be tempted to say say it is far worse in france but no , compared to the two other examples above , it is exactly the same thing . 
   this article is further evidence of it . 
  half a billion euros of high-end property are going on the market as businessmen flee . 
  if you read it more carefully , you will see  while the socialists ' plan to raise the tax rate to 75 percent on income above 1.0 million euros per year has generated the most headlines , a sharp increase in taxes on capital gains from the sales of stock and company stakes is pushing most people to leave , according didier bugeon , head of the wealth manager equance . 
   [ ... ]  the government has since backtracked , and budget minister jerome cahuzac pledged friday to return to the status quo when someone who has created a company seeks to sell it later . 
   which is great , i enjoy all those corner caf\u00e9s as much as anyone , but smes wo n't drive employment and growth you know that the ( very ) basic reason why germany is in good shape is because they have a shitload of exporting gmes right ( your caf\u00e9 example being a bit stupid , but i guess you know that ) . 
   you 're talking about two different things here . 
  the poor are not being punished by getting less of other peoples ' money . 
  the rich are specifically vilified and targeted . 
  [ here is ] ( http://www.npamanche.fr/?paged=2 ) a bit of what hollande has to his left . 
  the unions are saying the same : `` pas question de payer pour leur crise '' : `` no way we are going to pay for their crisis '' . 
  in the far-left rhetoric , of course the rich have to pay more , because their greedy class is the one responsible for the need for austerity . 
  it is of course useless to tell * me * that it is not very true : that is what the government has to face . 
  and yes , recieving less money and having to pay more money is pretty much the same thing : you can argue `` i am not punishing you , i was doing you a favour before '' , in people 's mind ( which is the only thing important , we are talking about how people can disrupt the economy if they think the situation is unfair ) it is exactly the same . 
   if they ca n't do anything and have to accept it the progressive tax system will work . 
  if they can move to a different country it will fail . 
  but they * can * do something about hollande saying `` i will raise taxes by 3 % of everyone 's income and would . 
  here is your here is your catch 22 : if a socialist government does not rise taxes higher for the rich , you have strikes and global social unrest . 
  if they do , some rich leave the country . 
   what did smart jewish people do when anti-semitic rhetoric was heating up in germany ? 
  what did they do when the nurenburg laws were passed ? 
  they got the hell out . 
  that 's what the rich are doing in france right now . 
  are you serious ? 
   why should they respond to threats of violence ? 
  in five years those making the threats will be saying that 75 % is n't enough and that they now need 90 % . 
  why wait ? 
  violence ? 
  when i say `` buying social peace '' i mean that having your workers on strike or unable to go to work because the transports are on strike sucks when you want to run a business . 
  nobody is threatening anyone ( well , i 'm sure some people do , but you get what i mean ) . 
   the rich are specifically vilified and targeted . 
  by the far left ? 
  certainly . 
  by the government ? 
  how is the official discourse `` you are our wealthiest citizens , the one who would suffer the least from higher taxes , so you will be the backbone of our budget for the two years to come . 
  we trust you to be patriotic enough not to dodge the tax '' vilifying ? 
   yet french rich people are already giving up their citizenships and moving abroad . 
  one mediatised case , who claims he will stay a french fiscal resident and has no reason to lie about it . 
   in other words , to support the politicians that vilify them and take their property for political gain ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  ( i already answered to the vilifying part ) because they make the major part of their activity in france , and that so as to earn money the * need * people to be calm . 
  . . and we are back to morality you dismissed earlier : people are pissed at taxes they think unfair . 
  unfortunately a tax will always be fairer when it strikes others .
