  nothing , nnothing !, 
  just do n't mind our ranting there is absolutely nothing that will happen in september , trust me . 
  tape water is free , not bottled water . 
  i think everyone will agree that the real date to consider is july 12th 1998 . 
  but that 's almost full time !, 
  well call me a german , but i do n't really see the funny . 
  the stars on the eu flag do not represent states ( the preferred term is `` member-state '' : france , estonia , greece ... ) i do n't know where you take that idea from , there are 12 stars for 28 member-states !, 
  yes ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  but our stars do not represent states . 
  it already is the permanent seat . 
  in the treaties . 
  i know you 're being stupid on purpose but ... 80 enarques per year means about 4000 enarques recieving a salary , with a max salary of 250 000 $ / year that means less than 1 billion euros / years ( and that is a very conservative calculation , which of course does n't take into account the taxes they pay ) i would n't say it is a significant share of the 1200 billion euro/year of public spending, 
   france and its state eating around 60 % of their gdp surely you do realize that most of those 60 % are redistributed , not `` eaten '' . 
  please buy . 
  i feel that those productivist arguments miss the specificity of farming : for the most part , [ efficient farming ] ( http://feronia.q4inc.com/common/images/content/arable/arable-farming.jpg ) if not something the citizen really wishes for ( and that is a criticism you can apply to the cap in its current state as well ) . 
  just look at the criticism against the agrobusiness , those can only get worse when applied to farming ( which is something the public can see ) . 
   france is more protectionist , after all they get a majority of the cap fund in per-capita not anymore . 
  i do n't want to dive into my post history but i did some calculation that showed that if the cap were to be scrapped france could set up its own program for no added cost . 
  * make it so it becomes intelligible *, 
  well there is this reverse-belgian joke in france : `` why do the french like belgian jokes ? 
  -- because they are easy to understand '' . 
  given how funny it is , i 'd say it comes from the german-speaking part of belgium . 
  the guy with the white helmet is actually the frenchman here . 
  but it was not first past the post in that election , it was a 2-turns election and the fn qualified for second turn in a lot ( most ? ), 
  of constituencies . 
  they did n't get elected because a large number of electors really do not want them and will vote for the other candidate no matter what . 
   when most eurosceptics talk about the eu they are n't thinking about regulations but immigration . 
  are n't they thinking mostly about extra-european immigration ? 
   thank you , greenpeace !, 
  why ? 
  their leaks showed nothing new and hollande 's position is not new either . 
  as the nice 4chan quote : `` any shooting involving an american is a mass shooting '', 
   france is a fiscal paradise ... when you 're not making any profit . 
  or when you are eligible for the cr\u00e9dit impot recherche . 
  all illegitimate children are born from unmarried couples . 
  so studying the overlap is studying illegitimate children . 
   this will make people have children again . 
  not much to do with marriage though . 
  i do n't know how it is elsewhere , but in france most children are born from unmarried couples . 
   what circumstances at most 5 years after your paternity has been recorded  is ... sufficient yes . 
  what questions are you talking about ? 
  if what you describe happens the man sues to contest his paternity of the child and the judge orders and dna sequencing to find out whether he is the biological father or not . 
  yeah , freedom to sequence other people 's dna without their consent is n't valued very highly in france . 
  yes it is . 
  for some elections you would . 
  about 18 % , according to the french government http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/french-foreign-policy/economic-diplomacy-foreign-trade/facts-about-france/one-figure-one-fact/article/france-europe-s-leading, 
  france has about 16 % of the agricultural land of the eu , so not much of an unbalance there . 
   do you deny that bhl is on the board ? 
  yes . 
  he is president of the supervisory board , not the board of directors . 
  maybe people should n't live there , then . 
   the economic boom came with the rise of the machinery industry and what do you need , to allow for such a ** capital ** - intensive evolution ? 
  but the militant part was non-consensual and thus can not be considered a support on which the republic was built . 
  if you go by that there has been plenty of pro-clergy politicians as well . 
  well the `` secular values upon which out republic was built '' boil down to `` the state should not interfere in religious matters '' which is pretty much the opposite of what she did . 
   but it is definitely a sign of the times that her using the word `` negro '' is creating a bigger outcry than her condemning women who wear a headscarf that 's the spin of the bbc article , but definitely not the one i get in france . 
  terrorism is generally classified as a criminal activity you know, 
  the eu is responsible for the migrant/refugee/whatever crisis now ? 
  the eu ? 
  why are you bringing the eu in all this ? 
  well yes , but once the deal is done being negotiated and is published , and after a couple of months of parliamentary debate ( just like it is happening now for the tpp ) . 
  the draft that mep had access to is just that : an unfinished draft that nobody will be voting on . 
  again , of course they can not : it 's a treaty . 
   at that point the text can no longer be changed , and we 're going to have to accept anything they put in it , in order to get the trade boost with the us . 
  well yes . 
  what 's your alternative , having 29 parliaments sending documents back and forth , and amending each other 's ? 
  vote on what ? 
  is there a special place in uk where they torture people ? 
  i was under the impression that abu ghraib was run by the brits , but that was wrong . 
     should eu also invade iraq , afghanistan and have its own guantanamo ? 
  has n't the uk done all those things already ? 
  and why is the us able to ignore international treaties , make its own regulation and so on ? 
  because it is a big union , too big to be ignored , which is exactly the point of the eu . 
  you 're talking about the uk , right ? 
   we do n't have any influence in it now , anyway . 
  the recent enlargements were mainly done because britain pushed for it , to give only one example . 
   because they have n't been legitimised by the european electorate as a whole . 
  in france and britain constituents only get to vote for one single representative and not the whole parliament , that does not mean that those parliaments and less legitimate than the german one ( well , i wo n't pretend i understand anything about the german electoral system , but you get the idea ), 
  denmark , sweden , poland etc. . . have no euro but have open borders . 
  the eurozone has nothing to do with immigration you know . 
  it was probably a joke about thedrachmalobby 's username . 
   i mean , if one does n't put anything online one ca n't find shit . 
  the parent post is about people writing stuff about you , not you putting things online . 
   you think all those attacks against voters when they `` vote wrong '' is just imagination ? 
  but saying people have decided to do something stupid is not the same as saying they should not get to decide on it . 
  that may be true for bulgaria , but it absolutely is not for the uk . 
   i think it 's for uk to decide . 
  as does everyone ... it 's not really a useful opinion to share . 
  a loan with interest is supposed to benefit both the loaner and the borrower . 
  it does work like that . 
  just look at how poland ( and portugal ) has benefitted from its eu membership, 
  ... and the eu . 
  `` mrs kelly teaches us how to read '' ? 
  a chapel ... a cathedral is a church ( cathedral used to be the epithet of `` cathedral church '' ), 
  the sainte chapelle is n't a church , though . 
  the whole thread is about ending that agreement ... 
  that 's the point : far from `` making the country look like shit '' letting them through would actually be an image improvement . 
   makes your country look like shit which country , in your opinion , is suffering from the biggest image drop due to the calais situation right now ? 
  france ( where the migrants are ) or italy ( who let them through ) ?
