   hollande ' policy of a 75 per cent tax rate is not going to end up raising more taxes though . 
  that 's not the aim either . 
   it 's worked for 600 years at least . 
  i was being moderately glib , implying we should revert to it . 
  300 years would be more accurate . 
  a lot can happen in 3 and a half years . 
  at least he sports a bored face , not a look of pure hatred like barroso . 
  the bridges and doors on the bills are largely inspired from real gates and bridges in europe, 
  i was talking about half , not 3/4th . 
  in fact i think if you take everything into account like that , the top tax rate is above 50 % for most the oecd . 
  not when you include the employer 's share of social contribution ( it is included in the `` 75 % '' rate ), 
  if you 're rich enough , that happens in norway too ( when taking social contributions etc. . . into account ), 
  this is not aimed at bringing in tax revenues , this is aimed at : 1 . electoralism 2 . disincentive from having too big salaries, 
  except the effect is likely to be more psychological than anything : it is estimated that it would affect only about 1000 persons . 
  again it is a bit hard to comment without an article , but the situation in france is that hollande promised that unemployement will be in a downward trend around the end of 2013 . 
  of course the media are now scrutinizing month-by-month figures ( and of course it is completely meaningless and stupid since they are basically commentating on noise -- and i must acknowledge that the government has been reasonable in that regard : even when the figure went down last month they just said `` well it looks good , but that does n't mean anything just yet '' ) . 
  as you can see of your chart , it went a bit down in october and now -- the figures are just out -- a bit up again in november . 
  upon receiving the news , hollande said `` we are going to keep that promise '' , which is i guess why they say `` he is in denial '' . 
  paywall , so i was n't able to read the article , but where is the denial ? 
  we went from a situation where unemployment was raising to one where it is more or less steady , with a bit of noise . 
  that is consistent with the objective of having a decreasing curve by the beginning of 2014 . 
  you sound like a wonderful person . 
  you can sue anybody . 
  it is whether the judgment will have any effect or not rhat is discussed here . 
  yes , europe , the one entity that manages to be both fully neo-liberal and completely communist . 
  i was under the impression that it was britain that pushed for enlargement before ( to have a bigger market a prevent further integration with wider integration ) . 
  how true is that ? 
  there is no legionnaire deployed in the car . 
  that 's a bit different : in mali , i believe , al qeada 's members are foreigners who enjoy few local support . 
  soldiers and locals being able to communicate also helps a lot , i 'd guess . 
  where the situation could go messy is in the car , where the french army 's plan was to let the african armies restore order after most of the fighting was over , but as in turns out , the local population does n't really trust the chadians who make up most of that force . 
  does anyone know what exactly is rated ? 
  the eu does n't have any debt , how can it have a credit rating ? 
  what is rated exactly here ? 
  the eu does n't issue bonds . 
  the law never passed in france . 
  yay !, 
  now instead of having to pay their pensions from 66 until 90 , you have to pay unemployment from 66 to -- insert whatever age you 'd like -- and pensions after that . 
  how will it achieve anything , budget-wise ? 
  if anything it prevents you from reducing the number of civil servants , which bears the opposite of the desired effect . 
   mostly interior politics it has n't much to do with interior politics ( unless of course i misread your comment and you were talking about the interior of the car ) and if we are talking about pure politicianism , hollande has everything to win with the rise of the far-right ( especially now that sarkozy is advancing his pawns for his return ), 
  there are elevators from what i recall . 
  but people with big luggage are explicitely expected to take the elevator instead ( as indicated by those nasty little pillars a the top & bottom of the elevator ) . 
  note that i know that there are elevators ( it is mandatory under `` access for the handicaped people '' laws ) but i have never seen it ( since when do french people let small pillars stand between them and broking the rules ? ), 
  now the next thing would be lines going around paris . 
  it must be frustrating to have full high-speed from germany or benelux , only to waste an hour going from on station in paris to the other one . 
  65e is most likely only a launching prize ( the sncf website lists them as `` prem 's '' tickets , which are a category of special deals . 
  the normal prize is likely to rather be 90e , provided that you book a couple of mounths in advance . 
  parisians are very friendly . 
  it is the kind of friendship where you do n't even need to talk to or even look at each other : the deepest kind . 
  if you want to get a bit of how it sounds , you could try to listen to portuguese . 
  i find the two languages surprisingly similar . 
  france has one of the [ lowest ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/3/35/immigrants%2c_2011_%281%29_%28per_1_000_inhabitants%29_yb14.png ) immigration rates in europe ( 2011 figure , immigrant per 100 000 inhabitants , eu commission ) i do n't find it particularly great , but that is a fact . 
  you can also do it when your opponent is a racist . 
  that kind of thing has been looping around for years in french medias ( the owner of the caf\u00e9 even says a found the idea on the internet ), 
  one other thing that i noticed in particular :  yet the great leap forward has not happened . 
  the german elections have changed nothing . 
  they have n't even formed a government yet . 
  do n't most countries do it , at least during winter ? 
  but that 's a center-right party . 
  despite its name , it is much closer to the cdu than the spd . 
   as all the important decisions are made in the commision or the council . 
  except , you know , passing , rejecting or amending most laws . 
  is the epp really endorsing barroso as their candidate ? 
   i know that barosso also comes from the left side of the political spectrum if he does , he came a long way from it : he is pretty right wing now . 
  edit : dammit , barroso , i 'll never get that name right, 
  not in schengen ? 
   you can, 
  but americans are silly people , especially when it comes to measurements . 
  he 's probably not even `` unsuitable '' but only a troll ( fact : most people on the internet have * not * slept with your mother ), 
   he did n't try to rise the taxes for the richest making them searching for other places to invest and hire ? 
  he did ( but he did n't try too hard ) , but that campaign promise was precisely aimed at `` leftify '' his image , which was n't socialist enough for his electorate . 
   he did n't set up a plan to build 500,000 public homes per year , including 150,000 social houses ? 
  public as in payed by the state ? 
  absolutely not : he only presented a plan to incent people to build houses , aiming at 500000 constructions/year ( there may have been 150000 social houses among them , but their construction is up to mayors anyway )  he did n't forced new regulations on french economy , already overregulated as hell ? 
  he did . 
  and so on and on ... that 's a french thing to do , not a socialist one . 
  you know , his impopularity is mostly due to the fact that his policy is n't left-wing enough . 
  the worst in trying to get the indochinian countries in the right order . 
  `` insulting the president '' ? 
  that charge as been abolished a few month ago . 
  because one guy took in garde-\u00e0-vue by overzealous cops is not really newsworthy ? 
  otoh the dgse is also known for being quite unsubtle . 
   and make the parliament an even less relevant institution . 
  it also could make it * more * relevant, 
  the communists voted for hollande , but hate his politics . 
  nobody believed that ever . 
  the most positive attitude about him was `` meh , he ca n't be worst than sarkozy '' ( and i 'm personally still convinced of it ) . 
  you are talking about the tpp , which is between countries bordering the pacific ocean . 
  there are ongoing talks about a similar treaty with the us and guess who in the eu is the most likely to support the kind of clause you seem to decry ? 
  yup , it 's the uk ( well barosso too , but barosso will be gone soon ) . 
  well there are alternatives , but our presidential election ( the only one that really matters on a national level ) is a 2-turns election : people vote for the guy the like the most on the first turn , the one they hate the least on the second . 
  your guardian article ? 
  it does n't mention any single european person or institution . 
  would n't you be mistaking it for the us-eu negociations by any chance ? 
  nah , the majority hates him from the very beginning , but some of them still vote for him because they think the alternative is worst ( in our case , the far left ) . 
  `` xenophobes of all countries , unite !, 
  -- hey , i 'm not going to let a kraut tell me what to do '', 
   bla bla wine tobacco , cow in a swedish field i wo n't answer to that , not again . 
   what more , if the regional development worked , would n't spain , greece et al be net supporters of the eu by now , they have been on the receiving end for more than 30 years ( greece ) and almost 30 years ( spain , portugal . ) .
