this `` guy i would drink a beer with '' mentality is retarded . 
  nobody has ever tried to apply that to hollande . 
  there is a difference between `` being your buddy '' and `` being an honnest man '' . 
  the problem is that most people voted on an imaginary program , not his actual one . 
  what unrealistic campaign promises ? 
  you have a monopoly on barbarically destroying perfectly good tea with milk ? 
  when merkel says `` we 'll allow them to leave if they want to renegociate free movement '' , she means `` no way we 're renegociating '' . 
  she 's not talking about whether the uk can leave if they want , because the answer to that is obviously yes . 
  allowing someone to leave = kicking them out . 
   why are you writing like this ? 
   edit :  neverwind , it 's fun, 
  it 's not really convenient . 
  i mean , it 's a sandwitch that you ca n't bite into without bits falling off . 
  the participating navies and frontex . 
  and those eight countries include all of those with navy capability in the mediteranean , except greece and the uk . 
  italy was conducting mare nostrum , and now says `` i ca n't do it alone anymore '' . 
  because of that , several eu countries are currently joining operation triton ( under italian command ) and developping it , to replace mare nostrum . 
  so yes , the uk 's position is a blow to eu solidarity and is nothing like italy 's stance . 
  for the same reason , we should discard all rescue operations everywhere : it only encourages people to be reckless at sea . 
  there 's a difference between paying for the whole without help and supporting . 
   why should it be the uk 's responsibility to maintain the borders of a country 2,000 km away ? 
  well , france uses summer/winter time as well . 
  solar time does n't change with legal time . 
   where the fuck are we meant to find 2 billion pounds from that fast ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your country has such reserves . 
  waste ? 
  what does it have to do with waste ? 
  it did agree to the retroactivity , and the delay does n't seem to be that big of a problem . 
  well cameron had the opportunity to veto it a while ago , bit he instead decided yo vote for it . 
  your growth is due to spending cuts ... you really believe that ? 
  well that 's forgetting one thing : my friend still puts far more in the fund than i do , even in net terms . 
  well that 's basically the only thing that is within the eu 's scope , so it 's not that insane . 
  the british and french economies are about the same size yet france 's net contribution to the eu budget is way higher ; do n't start on who 's subsidising whom . 
  you get the representatives you deserve . 
  and apparently the british people did not see it as that big of a problem or a betrayal : they reelected tatcher in 87 . 
  should n't its net contribution to the eu budget be higher than france 's then ? 
  the eu is supposed to be a single market , not just a custom union . 
  and that implies homogenizing wealth accross that market . 
  i do n't really see why people bring budget deficit into this . 
  that is a different issue ( albeit somewhat related ) . 
  it 's as if people are thinking that the uk 's economy gas grown because of budget cuts . 
  france has a lower deficit than the uk , reached back its pre-crisis gdp before the uk did and its currency is controlled by a central bank that does no quantitative easing . 
  austerity does n't mean low deficit , it means trying to reduce it by lowering expenditure . 
  germany has a budgetary surplus and no austerity for instance . 
  but from francfort more than berlin . 
  and big consumer associations , which represent groups with even more money . 
  well it 's not really their place to do so . 
  what makes you think the french would be happy with a federal europe ? 
  the ecb is perhaps the most independent central bank in the world . 
  if they ca n't seem to agree on whether to use londonderry or derry , the real compromise would be to call it london . 
  ask them, 
   spain could do it , ireland could do it , why ca n't france do it ? 
  [ why would france want to do it ? 
  so that means moscow is 7 times as good as warsaw ? 
  note that this budget is seen as an austerity budget in france . 
  good thing the 2015 budget goes in the opppsite direction then . 
  well moscow , but that 's because i 've never been to warsaw, 
   we had austerity and we pulled through and our gdp is now higher than it was before the recession . 
  so us ours . 
  and we have far less growth potential than estonia ( which benefits from catching up with western europe ), 
  it 's ok , we just ignore it as usual . 
   it 's warsaw 's symbol but moscow has half a dozen of them, 
   they have plaques on old houses with the names of jewish people who once lived there before the ss came to send them to the camps . 
  see , they are even proud of it . 
   the only statues who honour german soldiers are of the people who were involved in operation valkyrie operation valkyrie ? 
  that sounds quite wagnerian ( and therefore nazi ) to me ... 
  the first guillotines were designed with the old french unit system actually , which used pounds and feet, 
   the only bad thing about france is french people . 
  perfection intimidates you ? 
  odolf palme, 
   if a zombue uprising needed to be put down , and if the local governments asked us for help , then our armies could ... 
  that explains the eurovision . 
  just type `` eussr '' on google . 
  my phone keyboard ate half my sentence . 
  the question is why did some people upvote something that did n't even make sense, 
   both nations share wildly different views on the future of europe . 
  the stereotypical view of the eu in the uk is that it is communist . 
  in france it is that it is neoliberal . 
   but if you leave , that means that de gaulle was right all along, 
   a country like france may need someone with spine who is willing to `` shake up '' wall street and the city of london to preserve his/her people 's way of life . 
  wall street and london are nothing but nice to france right now ( we even borrow at negative rates for short-maturity bonds ) . 
  the aim of reducing the deficit is not to have to bow down to them when the rates start going up ( so in a sense the shakedown you are advocating for is happening right now ) . 
  [ #teamjuncker ] ( http://www.seventeen.com/fun/quizzes/celebrity/team-edward-team-jacob-quiz#qtop ) ( i 'm team edward btw ), 
   as in spanish killing spanish ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that angers , in france , have been the capital of poland for a couple of months, 
  easier ? 
  taking on germany and then the ussr , the two giants that anhihilated each other during the actual ww2 would have been easier ? 
  and then what ? 
  war with the ussr ? 
  50 % of young adults who want to work and are not students , not 50 % overall . 
  those debts will have to be payed , but that does n't change growth right now . 
  as for the workers , the people who can retire at 60 are those who occupy unqualified jobs , which means the company can easily hire someone else . 
  right now the pension deficit is payed for by debts , not taxes . 
   making people work 2 years longer makes them pay more income tax . 
  it 's not like we have a shortage of workers . 
   did the troika suggest anything about it ? 
  forgot the lagarde list already ? 
   french pension age remains ( as one of ) the lowest in the eu . 
  how would that affect growth ?
