  really the only difference with other governement systems is that the parliament ca n't propose a law ( which is compensated by the right to petition : citizens can propose a law to the parliament ) . 
  it has been the endgoal since the inception of the eec , it only has been paused for a while because of the enlargement sprees . 
  but federalization does not mean centralization . 
  actually in the case of france for example it would probably result in a far more decentralized power . 
  in what kind of system is the speaker/chairman/president in the parliament the head of the country ? 
  what 's wrong with a president of the commission elected by the parliament ( which is what is in the treaties today ) ? 
  but we are not talking about a reform of the eu institutions then , merely about how euro-parties work . 
  there is a far more `` suitable '' way to protest your dislike of uniform pants . 
  at first quarter of 2013 , greece had a primary surplus of $ 508 million . 
  even if the news did not make the european frontpages , it is of significant importance . 
  this means that if you do not count the money is accounted for repayment of debt , the country has ( finally ) more revenue than expenses . 
  for the general public , this may seem ridiculous at first ( the reality is that the country must continue to pay its creditors ) , but it is actually a real revolution . 
  three years after it became the first european country to seek the assistance of the troika european commission / imf / ecb not to go bankrupt , greece can finally boast of having achieved a major economic imperative for all countries under financial infusion . 
  how was it possible ? 
  in three years ( the first series of austerity measures was passed in may 2010 ) , civil service salaries and pensions have been scaled down seven times , vat revised upwards three times , and the number of officials declined by more than 100,000 according to a `` a single replacement for five retirements '' rule . 
  in raw numbers , between 2009 and 2012 , the government expenditure declined by 27 billion euros and the greek government is committed to these creditors have cut $ 12 billion in its budget for 2014 . 
  in other words , if the country 's creditors would also make a new effort , the country could actually become solvent . 
  this is the aim displayed since the beginning of the greek crisis order both by the troika and by the three greek prime minister ( papandreou , samaras papadimos and today ) who have succeeded at the head of the country since the beginning of the crisis . 
  the military junta acclaimed so accountingly-speaking , wolfgang schauble , angela merkel 's finance minister , was not wrong when he declared a few days ago that `` greece is an example of a successful rescue . '', 
  but , of course , there is also the downside and it could not be darker . 
  greece in 2013 will experience its sixth consecutive year of recession , not seen since germany in the 30s . 
  in three years of crisis and austerity , unemployment rose from 11 % to 27 % and youth unemployement from 22 % to 59 % . 
  this winter , more than 70 % of households did not even put the oil in the heaters , a new consumption tax having doubled its price . 
  the sordid crimes that illustrate the deep impoverishment of society are increasing alarmingly . 
  example , how tragic ten days ago a 70 years-old lady tried to rob a store with a kitchen knife . 
  once stopped by the police , she revealed that she suffered from serious heart problems and penniless , she could not pay her drugs ( safety cover only 75 % of the price ) . 
  even more surprising , a recent survey shows that 30 % of the greeks , the military junta is now seen as a period when `` things were better . '', 
  if samaras government still manages to pull out of the game , the polls still see it shoulder to shoulder with syriza ( radical left ) , as was the case in the last election when it won in extremis , and it is also because it convinced nearly a quarter of the public that eventually all efforts made by the people will not be vain . 
  according yannis stournaras , the finance minister , the agreement with the troika provides that if greece manages to achieve a primary surplus , new debt relief will take place after agreement negotiations . 
  this is not a very well-know an aspect of the agreement in europe . 
  to say to european taxpayers `` if the rescue is successful , we will have to pay !, 
  `` is probably not the ideal way to convince already very reluctant to pay for the '' greek patient `` public opinion that the rescue greece is a good thing for them ... we can therefore undoubtedly be sure that no new agreement on the issue will be put in place before the german elections , scheduled for late september . 
  if this occurs , the great hope of the greek society as a whole is that the government will use the new flexibility to end-all austerity and implement a proper policy stimulus . 
  for now , the government has already shown signs of a shy first turn in this direction by announcing a 15 % drop for the new real estate tax in place for two years and as an extension of three months for unemployment benefit of less than 29 years . 
  in addition , from june 1 , the vat on the restoration should be downgraded so as to give an extra boost to the tourism sector , flagship of the greek economy and one of the few sectors not to be too affected by the crisis . 
  however , even if the hope of a change in economic policies are real , the broader social context made it so that it was perceived by the population more as a stroke of communication than as a real shift . 
  the fact antonis samaras has already promised to put an end to austerity and make a recovery policy during his victorious campaign in june 2012 is also a major factor in this skepticism . 
  indeed , once elected , he immediately passed new austerity measures ... 
  in the popular consciousness this potential improvement therefore remains theoretical and highly dependent on the goodwill of its partners . 
  it is no coincidence that despite all these accounting progresses , 76 % of greeks say that government policy is wrong ( vprc poll released on april 27 ) . 
  while waiting to see this in the coming months it really is , the greeks can continue to remember and practice the teachings of the stoic philosophers : `` supports all ills without being disturbed and abstain from all pleasures . '', 
  we are probably moving away from the ideals that built the european union !, 
  pavlos kapantais ( greek journalist in athens ), 
  not really , that is basically the reason why i voted for hollande : he was the only one to have enough creed in the left-wing to reform the country without a massive riot . 
  then maybe you have missed the fact that hollande has nothing to do with it . 
   dear president the ps does not have a president . 
  personally i find it is a good thing : it makes paris a real city , not only a tourist attraction . 
  unfortunately france can not do what germany did : two countries ca n't be the top exporter ( and germany has always been quite exportatory , while france 's main source of growth is traditionally internal consumption ) . 
   if france says no to both of those it 's the argentina model . 
  like in germany or sweden , right !, 
  for the last time , austerity is not there to prevent unemployment from rising or growth from stalling . 
  it is there to prevent a complete collapse of the state 's finance . 
  besides we do not even have austerity in france ( although the austerity in the south probably affects us greatly ), 
  as said earlier with the sarkozy example foreign press has basically no effect on the electorate . 
  the stateman should not care too much about the press , foreign or domestic because he would then find himself oscillating between the capitol and the tarpeian cliff : the very moment you implement a policy , everyone starts wrigting about how wrong it is . 
  edit : also , sarkozy 's `` brillant use '' of the news is one of the main reasobs why he lost . 
  but in your previous commentary you distinguished the stateman and the politician . 
  the stateman hollande does not care too much what the press thinks about him because it has few effects . 
  the politician hollande does not care too much for what the foreign press thinks about him because his constituants are french . 
  but why exactly should the french president as a politician care about what foreign papers think of him ? 
  sarkozy may have been encensed abroad , he was not in the french press ( not at the time of the election ) and lost . 
   is that a joke ? 
  do you have an example of lefty policy , besides a ( still not yet implemented ) tax ( which virtually nobody will pay ) aimed only at not getting too far from his party 's left fringe ( which is socialist ) ? 
   considering how socialist hollande is not very much ? 
   that being said , it is probably true that france 's image within the eu and beyond has suffered substantially from poor communication skills and unclear messages emanating from the domestic political debate . 
  that is very true . 
  there is such a gap between national and international news about france that i have started to wonder if i should trust french news about other countries . 
  that has more to do with poor pr than poor leadership : foreign papers want him to be an ultra-lefty socialist and find nothing to support this , so they go back to token members of his cabinet ( like montebourg : the ones who are their only to appease the far-left fringe of the party , while having only very minor offices ) . 
  of course , since the job of those guys is to be a bit outrageous , they find what they want . 
   overhauling a centralized economy . 
  i 'm not sure we are going to change something we have been doing for the last 3-4 centuries just because of some crisis . 
  i 'm curious to know how they manage to transfer that amount of power while preventing the flux from spreading everywhere . 
  but i guess that 's what they call `` technological advantage '' . 
   i think relaxing central control and following the british model where universities are almost entirely autonomous is more likely to improve reputations . 
  actually that reform was passed a few years ago ( it is sometimes considered as sarkozy 's only really successful reform ) . 
   handsomeness he is not that ugly ( for a brit , that is ) . 
  are they talking about the influence of the name `` tamerlan '' in that video ? 
  my neighbour is named `` alexander '' , so i 'd rather know if it affects him . 
  daladier , speaking about the cheering crowd when he came back from munich . 
  why do you hate freedom , czechia ? 
  but criminals know that cops have too answer violence in a proportionate fashion : if the guy is not using a gun , the police has no right to use one either . 
  it is a bad idea to wash out a sector and start from scratch in the middle of such a crisis , even if it concerns tobacco . 
  maybe it is not really the best time to cut subsidies for greek farmers , regardless of the usefulness of what they are growing , do n't you think ? 
  [ some news . 
  ] ( http://capreform.eu/end-the-use-of-export-subsidies-in-the-2013-cap-review/ ) apparently the commission wants to keep it as a bargaining tool for the next wto negociations ( which means they are probably going to be cut ) . 
  [ only in french for now \\ ( source : ecologists \\ ) . 
  ] ( http://www.pouruneautrepac.eu/2013/03/15/votes-du-parlement-europeen-des-inflexions-qui-ne-suffisent-pas-a-legitimer-la-politique-agricole-commune/#more-3722 ) i 'll try to fetch some more . 
   export subsidies , which numbered in the billions of euros a decade ago , are to be phased out completely this year ( 2013 ) . 
  really ? 
  i though the parliament voted against it last month . 
   though we should make the cap more efficient by supporting enivomentally firendly farming only and by limiting the scope of subsidies which is the scope of this year 's reform . 
   militant unions half of which who signed a deal aimed at higher labour flexibility , the other half being unable to pull out a decent protest . 
   a socialist leader implementing high taxes and cutting spendings , reducing deficit . 
   protectionist nationalizations uh ? 
   vague concern of `` declinism '' so ... france being france . 
  i do n't think it is a very accurate comparison . 
  yeah but most articles have to pass if the first one passes . 
  for example adoption : gay people can already adopt children ( because of human rights , non-discrimination and stuff ) but not as couples , since only marries couples can adopt as couples . 
  obviously , if you allow gays to get married you have to give them the qe rights as other married couples . 
  same bill , but different articles .
