  most of them in areas so rural and remote that nobody could hope to have a regular job while living there , i 'd guess . 
  drop the `` they '' ( who would that be anyway ) , add a `` we '', 
  would n't that require a treaty change ? 
  how can you tell ? 
  is n't it what is already happening anyway ? 
  otoh , what exactly does stop an independent nation from printing pounds ? 
  i 'm sure scotland can technically do it . 
  do you avoid having your insurance pay for stuff when you can afford it ? 
   is just another way of the state imposing values on people rather than allowing people to select their own values . 
  or , if you want to put it in a less negative way , it 's the state stopping people from imposing there values on others , rather than allowing them to do just that . 
  taking a referendum seriously does n't mean agreeing with the result . 
  so yes , the eu thinks the swiss voted wrong , so what ? 
  that does n't work :(, 
  southern spain . 
  you can have about the same services ( mostly emergencies , not administrative stuff ) in other eu members ' embassies than your own . 
  and the eu has about 50 embassies ( most of them in africa ) . 
  septic tanks deal with paper just fine . 
  it 's condoms/tampons that they do n't like . 
   not to forget those electric showers . 
  that sounds painful . 
  now do france !, 
  do france please !, 
  well i 've found [ this ] ( http://www.esma.europa.eu/system/files/dir_93_22.pdf ) one . 
  but i do n't see what use it can be to you : unless i am mistaken , laws regulating security trading are still national to a large extent ( in fact the directives i 'm linking to you are not eu law , only stuff that has to be transcribed into the various national laws so there is not necessarily a definition of `` security '' ) . 
  btw in french it is called `` valeur mobili\u00e8re '' , which may be a bit more easily googlable than `` security '' . 
   whereas ` transferable securities ' means those classes of securities which are normally dealt in on the capital market , such as government securities , shares in companies , negotiable securities giving the right to acquire shares by subscription or exchange , depositary receipts , bonds issued as part of a series , index warrants and securities giving the right to acquire such bonds by subscription, 
  could n't you have said so before we let bulgaria in the eu ? 
  well the exact same has probably been said for hungary , and nobody in their right mind would exclude them from geographical europe for that . 
  i do n't think that most people going from ireland to the mainland go through the uk ( apart from the international zone of an airport , maybe ), 
   oh yeah , sorry uk bad the rest of europe are fucking angels . 
  the rest of europe also has its decisions broken by the echr on a regular basis , calimero . 
  where the local law puts it , mostly . 
  that is slander though , which is reprimed pretty much everywhere . 
  french worker unions are not really powerful , but they are the mean for the government to negotiate with angry people . 
  as such they have a difficult game to play : if they comply too much with bosses/governments , they wo n't represent anyone anymore , not enough and they will stop being negotiations partners . 
  they generally manage it through violent rhetorics ( and high-profile actions , even though this one is not condoned by the national bureau ) and not-so-tough negotiations . 
   why has n't the police intervened because they want to avoid escalation  the people doing this should go to jail . 
  since the kidnapped execs wo n't press charges , they wo n't . 
  strangely , people are generally not willing to risk their houses on a bet , even if the bet could work . 
  ( i want to avoid a new fork and my phone wo n't let me edit ) as for `` why are n't we negociating new treaties '' , the bankung union shows that we are . 
  the situation was clearly beyond greece control was n't it ? 
  and there we are again , with the two possible interpretations : a moralist one ( it * was * under their control , they have to be punished ) and a pragmatic one ( it is n't under their control anymore , we have to help ), 
  we should really merge the two subthreads at that point , i dont think anyone is reading us anymore . 
  again , the efsf was endorsed by everyone . 
  if the ecb is providing its `` advice '' through it ( i must confess i do not know if it is the case ) there is no need to revise its statues . 
  the creation of the efsf was agreed on by all 27 member-states . 
  and it does not break article 125 ( i assume that is the one you are talking about ) since article 122 allows exceptions ( well , sort of - you can debate whether it is a case of `` exceptional occurrences beyond its control '' but at least one can make a case for it ), 
  sorry , bce -  european central bank , whose acronym i forgot to write in english hos -  head of state, 
   why you have n't , and still does n't even attempt to change the treaties , democratically it has n't been done because the bce still is in its mandate , even with the guarantee ( or so everyone it pleases considers ) their are talks about changing the treaties , but they ca n't be ratified until hos agree to even sign them . 
  better ? 
  but the bailouts were n't part of any - ratified - treaty . 
  a new one was made . 
  i indirectly asked you to stop trying to involve me in this ( since we are merely commenters here ) . amd the answered your question in the following paragraph . 
  additionally , the bailout were democratically decided . 
  i do n't know how it happened it your country but in france it was allowed by an exceptional budget vote . 
   it would hardly have been a yes then which is why it was never implemented . 
  the eu has always worked with minimal agreements until their was a need to agree further  why you have n't , and still does n't even attempt to change the treaties , democratically because i am not a member of the ec , nor am i a european head-of-state . 
  more generally it has n't been done because the bce still is in its mandate , even with the guarantee ( or so everyone it pleases considers ) their are talks about changing the treaties , but they ca n't be ratified until hos agree to even sign them . 
   even if you have them , you can apparently just not give ashit if you do n't like them bending the rules when need be is not breaking them . 
  the ecb does not yet issue bonds nor does it lend directly to states does it ? 
   until the crises no one argued about it are you serious ? 
  what do you think `` europe will be built through crisis '' mean . 
  the euro was clearly ( and to some extent explicitely l ) designed has flawed as the political will to improve it was insufficient and it was postppned until `` when we will need it '' . 
  i 'm sorry if the north believed lies served by their politicians , but in france at least that has always been clear and quite in-the-open . 
   and it would have been so much cheaper for germany to bail out their banks , one time , than to have to bail out greece , portugal , spain et al , time and time again , and their banks . 
  had merkel have the right reaction with greece , their would have been no need to bail out portugal , spain , ireland and especially not italy, 
  but that framework has been designed not to be followed , only a fool would feel cheated that we are not letting each country deal with it own problems when those problems will affect everyone ( had greece defaulted , so would have german and french banks ), 
  it did not prevent the ecb to guarantee some debt in the end , which , had it been done sooner ( ie had merkel not blocked it initially ) could have avoided a lot . 
  you ca n't deny that merkel 's handling of the beggining of the crisis was quite bad because her first reaction had everything to do with morality ( let greece suffer the consequence of rheir lie ) a few to do with pramatism . 
   the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise why should only the commonwealth have old people with swords whose language is considered a ( note : not the ) reference ? 
   quotas canada ( not just qu\u00e9bec ) has cultural quotas on airwaves too , and they are quite english themselves . 
   niqab ban what has a law designed only to send a signal to a far-right fringe of electors to do with anything ? 
  it 's not like there actually were women wearing it in france before that law , nor like they have stopped wearing it after that . 
  as for the insults , i re-ready previouspost and did not find any . 
  while he is wrong on many accounts ( it was for example quite obvious that france would n't be content with a limited intervention in serbia with alsace-moselle riped for the taking while germany was busy helping austria against russia ) it does n't seem too far-fetched to say that the emperor and his generals were the most willing to go to war europeans . 
  on a side note , i recentely read that tge `` war guilt clause '' of the versailles treaty did not include moral guilt but only said `` germany will accept to pay for what it destroyed during thewar . 
  that 's basically what this list is for : show the traditions your country like . 
  japan has done the same for example . 
  if that is enough to make you laugh , at least you are simple-minded and easily amused , which is always a good trait to have . 
   is that mep aware that this was only a ( regretable ) case of `` i 'll tell that i have more cows than what actually have '' and that farmville had nothing to do with this matter ? 
   is n't that mep aware that since people wo n't vote on his name alone such a stupid question wo n't affect his reelection ? 
  if so why is he wasting everyone 's time ? 
  ( luckilly mine isnt too precious ), 
  there was this whole `` you have to tell your clients if you 're serving microwaved stuff '' but that had nothing to do with frenchness . 
  the only thing that could be marginally related is the obligation to indicate where the cow you are eating was born/raised/slaughtered , but that is eu-wide . 
  the author seems to base his `` racism in france '' article only on his conversations with racist people . 
  it transpires for example when he claims that the translation for `` m\u00e9tissage '' could be `` mongrelisation '' : that is not true . 
  m\u00e9tissage has a rather positive connotation . 
   like 80 % of all dishes serves must be french in origin ? 
  after some research kind of . 
  link your link shows nothing of that kind . 
  austerity ... implemented before the crisis in a contra-cycle policy . 
  of course you can tell the south `` you should have done the same '' , but it is not a reason to have them do it now . 
  well that 's actually not stupid : to make everything rely on austerity instead of qe/inflation is very much merkel 's doing . 
  exactly : woosh , floosh and there goes that german tourist . 
  i 'm not sure that this really counts as a skyline ( although i must confess i do n't really know what a skyline is and why people want one ), 
  `` europe 's tea parties '' , seriously ? 
  is n't the economist supposed to be a brit paper ? 
  if you wanted to be cheeky , you could say they are both nationalist and socialist . 
  but seriously this is the major dent on le pen 's credibility : her parties does not have a unified stance on the economic axis .
