  its usually more millions for the party and champagne for the guy . 
  'cause when you get millions out of nowhere during an elected mandate , it tends to be a bit blatant . 
  yeah my point was that nato might not be necessary anymore now that their is the eu ( and actually might rather drag the integration of european armies ) . 
  iirc finland is not a member of nato . 
  yet i do n't think you guys ( educated guess ) feel more insecure about it than say poland or bulgaria . 
  but when you speak about `` new europe '' i see only belarus and ukraine ( clearly under russian influence ) . 
  all the other east-european countries are in the eu . 
  and i frankly do n't see russia trying to pull the military card on the eu anytime soon . 
  ( and let 's not forget that russia 's main problem in a few decade will be `` how do i keep underpopulated siberia ( and its resources ) and prevent the chinese from taking it over ? '' ), 
   the old dead horse of empire , empire , empire was dragged out hmmmhmm, 
  this is somewhat unsettling . 
  you tend to give far more things to your not-so-close ally than to one whose fidelity is undoubted . 
  that 's not really much more an aberration that the standard one tbh . 
  merkel 's mouth is a bit fucked up though , i ca n't get what it 's supoosed to express . 
  that 's what `` primary '' is about : if you took off the debt interests , it would be a surplus . 
  with them ( and they are huge ) , 10 % deficit . 
  greece could default as you can see , but that would destroy european banks ( especially french and to a lower extent german ones ), 
  yeah and that 's why the gov are trying to avoid to much of a default ( not because they care for the well-being of greek people ) but this has pretty much nothing to do with france 's sovereign debt ( except that lending money is far more difficult for france since it means indebting itself even more ), 
  that 's what 's funny with this crisis : problems on greek debt started when its government revealed that its economy was not a huge miracle but a pretty regular one . 
  * instant to be honest france is not at the point where it needs german loans to finance itself . 
  it is rather a dispute on the condition the eu should support `` financially challenged countries '', 
  but threaten to cut this money if they refuse to take jobs . 
  people just have to eat . 
  to consider that you must assume that both parties are equal which is something very few french consider true ( and neither do i ), 
  the system we are currently living in . 
  neoliberalism being `` i can fire you right now , you scum , because i am the evil boss who only thinks of money and have no other human feeling whatsoever '', 
  i suspect `` olivier '' to be french . 
  in french , `` n\u00e9olib\u00e9ral '' means basically brutal and violent capitalism, 
   you have to be born and grow up here , with european parents . 
  then no one is european  the birthplace of western civilization . 
  last time i checked , it was the mediterranean sea . 
   the biggest cultural achievements in the history of mankind which is ? 
  that 's basically the same thing is n't it . 
   he is not confused with ideology that is the least you could say ... and this is quite the bone of contention . 
   notice how you did not list nuclear power . 
  because nuclear power on its current state is submitted to shortages . 
   concerning shortages in general : capitalism rewards communication about shortages with higher prices . 
  not early enough and it is not a good solution . 
  prices increase too late and too brutally . 
  even if they did not it is far from optimal . 
  ideally which each mean of production would come its replacement , whose cost would lower until it is cheaper from ~ years . 
  that way you will have a smooth transition . 
  this is what happened when we switched from coal to oil ( not because it was planned but because it turned out oil was better ) . 
  and this requires long-term planning , something that capitalistic companies just ca n't do ( and which is in essence the complete opposite of free-market : prices would be artificially higher so that they would not increase too much ), 
   they will be punished by being utter unprofitable . 
  and so will be the whole humanity . 
  the fact is you do not change from an energy model to another in years . 
  it took one century and several revolutions to get from wood + animal force to coal + steam . 
  transition to oil was far smoother but was accompanied by strong state presence ( see standard oil ) . 
  and yes governments will do a far better job . 
  i have n't heard of any oil company concerned with greenhouse gas emission , the states are somewhat . 
  why do you think there are subsidies for solar panels or windmills ? 
  because no one would not invest anything but a symbolic value otherwise . 
  see another ( more obscure ) example : phosphorus . 
  it is absolutely vital for the agriculture : fertilizers are basically phosphorus and nitrogen . 
  nitrogen is not quite likely to be scarce one day ( as roughly 80 % of the air you breath is made of it ) but phosphorus is ( it is mined ) . 
  today 's ( ie last 200 years ) agriculture just can not produce as much as it does without phosphorus . 
  when it will run out there will be a need for a massive growth of the agricultural sector . 
  do you really think fertilizer companies are going to anticipate this ? 
  do you really think they are going to tell their customers to buy less of their production so as to make the transition as smooth as possible ? 
  final point : the mere fact of burning oil is like being a sailor on an island who would use his ship as fire wood because it is easier ( and gives better wood ) than fetching it in the forest . 
  it is good now but it is definitely short-sighted . 
  have n't you heard of the end of oil , coal , phosphorus & tutti quanti ? 
  from what we have seen in former coal-producing regions the end of resources is not something capitalism deals with well . 
  and this time it is world wide . 
  well thing is scarcity has more to to with tomorrow than yesterday , and pure capitalism is too short -- sighted to address this ( because it has to do with one man which wants to earn money , meaning the maximum time it can conceive is the one of a human life ) . 
  that does n't mean you do n't have to work to live . 
  and this social security is a socialist thing , the current ( right-wing ) government is not too happy about the idea of people living of welfare . 
  because it came together with a rise in society 's inequalities ? 
  i mean i come from quite a wealthy family and i do not see such a thing as a diminution . 
  i can imagine than those who do are angry . 
  no , but there are a lot of people who would rather do another job and have to alienate themselves in order to eat/dwell/dress ... 
  being richer wo n't bring you happiness . 
  on the other hand , not being too poor compared to others will ( see easterlin ), 
   voluntarily that 's rather avoiding the bone of contention . 
  from a communist pow , as long as people need to eat there is no such thing as voluntarily, 
   europe 's chavez but without the oil unfortunately, 
  but there was also deportation for the common german who happened to be jewish . 
  obviously but this also was the case inside germany so it is not occupation-related . 
  i think what they mean is that it was far less harsh for the common frenchman than the common pole . 
  but i agree this is disregarding hostage execution , pow slaughter , worker 's deportation ... 
  yes and i believe i have been able to find both kind in france . 
  the thicker i found was from a christmas giant jar though , maybe this one had not been ported to its oily french version . 
  http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-kc6tdcr8krq/tmjokwubgoi/aaaaaaaab7u/-usms46d1pi/s1600/screen%2bshot%2b2011-09-08%2bat%2b10.15.44%2bam.png http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-13361934 does n't seem too serious . 
  how can oceania be more integrated ? 
  recover from what ? 
  according to the article yes . 
  after my own experience no . 
  on the other hand you are far less likely to be pointed at because you are a jew in israel . 
  who is he to judge what the society considers a valuable transaction ( ie one from which it beneficiates ) ? 
  just some administator . 
  that 's why he ca n't do it by himself and has to involve societies ' representatives . 
  there is no reason why tourism should be allowed to thrive when other industries are suffering !, 
  we should gun gown all tourists to support the ( light ) weapons industry, 
  most of the deficit is caused by the retirement fund thought . 
   but not a lot of stuff in dangerous for such a long term . 
  hmm , yes there are . 
  a lot of chemicals are far mor toxic ( when ingested , which is really the issue ) and last more longer . 
  for example mercury has an infinite lifetime . 
  it has actually been built in france .
