  you never have been in/seen a demonstration ? 
  this is part of democracy , like many other things . 
  which is basically a way to mock `` murrica fuck yeah '', 
  those who generalise are all stupid . 
   apart from the disclaimer though , the enthusiasm and rhetoric exactly replicate more serious patriotic shows in other countries poe 's law , basically, 
  then it wo n't be fascism . 
   the dutch climate is awesome . 
  not too hot , not too cold like a big plate of grey tepid jelly . 
   and martin has `` his wife is called martin ? '', 
  * go reread the article * `` oh . '', 
  are you crazy ? 
  oppressing the enarques will let the way free for the lawyers to dominate politics . 
  and i really do not want more lawyers politicians . 
  cash-strapped is hardly appropriate : the french gov. 
  borrows at negative rates . 
  but they know if they overdo it it wo n't last long . 
  i 'd rather say `` cash-consious '', 
   how much of any investment is `` sensible '' is a neverending topic of debate between keynesians and ... what 's the opposite austrian ? 
  ricardian ? 
  it depends on your pov , really . 
  i grew up in brittany , anything beyond francfort is eastern europe . 
  that does n't explain anything . 
  where i grew up ( rural france ) many people also went hunting , but there were no `` gun culture '' . 
  nobody is ever going to ban double rifles , because this is simply not the kind of thing that would be useful in a gunfight . 
  hunting would explain a commitment to keeping hunting guns , but does n't say anything about handguns , machineguns or assault rifles . 
  i agree with you but  there is not such thing as a `` french supreme court '' yes , there are 2 : cour de cassation & conseil constitutionnel . 
  a nation state minus the nation, 
  great , now there is not 1 completely incomprehensible form of german in switzerland , but a dozen of them . 
  damnit that 's true . 
  i just eat a lunch with rice and when i checked my bank account balance , it was negative . 
  i knew i should have eaten vegetables, 
  i know a song which goes with that gesture . 
  a shame her middle name is not margaux . 
  i give you [ fran\u00e7ois fillon ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/images/embed/veste-fillon.jpg ) . 
  ( that and his red socks ), 
  pfffft . 
  hey !, 
  does your mom live north of rome ? 
  they sure are worried about her finally getting up, 
  how ford prefect of him, 
  granted , french people tend not to know much . 
  but it is about the general image . 
  when hearing about poland , a random frenchman will think about marie curie , chopin , john-paul ii , lech walesa and maybe marie walewska . 
  all are ( slightly for some of them ) positive figures in france . 
  france ? 
  the only negative stereotype ( polish plumber ) is n't even negative . 
  are n't they like that all the time when there is no sun to face ? 
  it is purchasing power : you can be poor , if everything is cheap , you will be fine . 
  extended balkans ? 
  it is factually correct , but the conversation has nothing to do about facts . 
  of course it is the worst attack since the holocaust , because there has not been any other government decision regarding judaism ( or at least not any which could limitate its practice ) . 
  the question is why saying `` worst since the holocaust '' and the reason is clearly to make people fear that jews could be attacked just as they were with the holocaust . 
   local power storage solutions which would need to be build as well . 
   efficiency would n't be the main concern , since the energy is harvested from renewable sources . 
  sure , we have infinite money to invest anyway . 
   big companies , that will go tits anyway when peak oil renders them useless ? 
  like the ones building new power lines to allow more of the country to be supplied by windmills ? 
  `` worst attack since the holocaust '' is not the same as `` worst attack for 60 years '' either . 
  it clearly makes a reference to the holocaust qui n ' a pas lieu d'\u00eatre . 
  well if it is the worst attack then things are n't going so badly for the jewish community . 
  to be honest , at the time of te song , they were attacked by those countries . 
  hmmm no , when speaking about * french cultural exception * you are usually speaking of an intra-france exception : cultural goods are not merchant goods . 
  that 's why it is deemed acceptable to have a fixed price on book for example . 
  ( and the * french * is used at the wto , which does n't really like that exception ), 
  well at least it 's nice to see hortefeux 's got a new spot . 
  except that nowadays they rather lend ( back ) to the ecb . 
   the french do n't really give a shit about inventing the world wide web that 's not true . 
  if there is a thing france has hard time coping with it is the ( relative ) decline of its science/technology . 
  we would be totally fine with someone else making money with the internet if the french were the one who built it ( i do n't like the term `` invent the internet '' , it does n't mean anything , really ) . 
  the funniest thing is the name battle : snell 's law vs loi de descartes , ader vs wright etc. . . 
   if they were n't paid to those minimum-wage employees , they would be paid to other , higher-earning employees , or they would be invested . 
  they would be circulating anyway . 
  that 's pretty much the point : if those dollars were to be given to high-earnings persons they would circulate far less ( especially in times of crisis ), 
  and do you have any evidence of this ? 
   this is n't an anti-france rant , that 's how things are . 
  it could be worse . 
  i love paris . 
  africans are lazy , stupid and good only for draught work . 
  please note : this is n't an anti-africa rant , that 's how things are . 
  it could be worse . 
   so this move is n't economics , it 's `` politics '' if you will . 
  wow , you figured it out all by yourself ? 
   the end result would be the eu paying 6 % -7 % this is pure speculation ( and by speculation i do n't mean financial speculation ), 
  which is why such eurobonds project always come in par with integrated fiscal policy . 
  good thing most german exports are business to business then . 
  the question is then : why choose `` black body , white paws '' ? 
  does n't that lead to as many races as stable genotypes you can find ? 
   animal breeding uses the rather problematic word `` race '' for any kind of phenotype that can be produced by in-breeding within animals of that phenotype . 
  is n't every animal a race by itself then ( because he is the only black kitten with green eyes with a tail ending white etc etc. . . ), 
  but different genetic traits do not necessarily make a race . 
  the colour of a cat 's fur do not determines its race . 
  i ca n't conceive of such a thing . 
  i mean , even if they wanted to exit the eu , they would n't take the risk of proving the french right would they ? 
  if it was its only purpose you would n't need law , only a police force with such a mission . 
  of course . 
  the only purpose of a law is to violate rights ( or more precisely too limitate them so as too make sure that other ones exist ), 
   perhaps it would have even benefited more if greece had completely defaulted . 
  a collapsed banking system is n't too good for a country 's economy either . 
  i guess the point was more ` is germany really paying for greece screwing up ? '', 
  and the answer might not be so positive .
