  that is also false . 
  those have little to do with economics though . 
  english * is * mandatory in public schools . 
  if you do not take it as a 2nd language , you have to take it as a third . 
  noticed the absence of `` the '' ? 
  the queen he was talking about had a bigger moustache that bethie . 
  except for a few , the students themselves do not really care though . 
  * the people * is not involved there . 
  it is only that those involved in a particular tendency/party want so much to have someone at the government that they just shut up about the rest . 
  if you follow a bit french news , you know that there is a major feud between the socialist and the ecologist because the latter do not shut up , even though they have ministers ( and that probably means no more ecologist minister for the next change of office ( which will probably occur at some point between 6 month and 2 years from now ), 
  that 's the thing : the uk would probably have spent the money . 
  well yes of course . 
  why would you appoint politicians to form a government if not to please multiple political tendencies at once ? 
   is this the best the europhile tribe can come up with ? 
  is n't generalization a defeat in itself as well ? 
  but it allows for margins to implement sound ( and more important ) more ( economically ) liberal policy . 
  there is a reason why it is a minister saying that and not the president : whenever the liberal reforms are passed he can just be laid off so as to reverse decisions like that . 
  of course the very left-wing is going to be infuriated , but it will be too late for them ( and they see it coming , why do you think melanchon is so critical of hollande ? ), 
  good thing the uk is not herpazone , then . 
  i defy you to find any recent interview/speech where he says that . 
  btw , speaking about watch and so as to launch a long-shot-probe , have you ever wore [ this watch ] ( http://imgur.com/w2kh1 ) ? 
  i tend to trust it : the poll has be made for * l'humanit\u00e9 * , a communist paper . 
  and communists are against the treaty . 
  ; rayleigh 's diffusion , it is a liquid , for thirty pieces of silver, 
  `` listen spain , we have been an important part of the country and have been of paramount importance in its identity '' how is that an argument for idependance, 
  all changes in europe so far have been made towards greater democracy . 
  it makes no sense to block some changes saying `` the eu is not democratic enough yet '', 
  if you hide a problem permanently , is n't it as good as solving it ? 
  of course among the rioters there are accomplice : they are the proletarians of drug dealing . 
  but they do not riot to help the dealers , and rioting does not cover traffickers , it uncovers them . 
  he 's not rioting , is he ? 
   edit : please do not bother looking for a picture of a brown youngster burning a car . 
  i know it wo n't be difficult to find . 
  yep ', 
  i did n't mean the workers were causing any trouble , rather their children who were not incited to follow their parent 's example : having to work all your life while struggling for money , ending with a broken back at 60 and then having even more problems with money is not exactly a cheerful prospect when you are 20 . 
  unfortunately , the only other path fathomable for them seems to be drug dealing along with thug/rap culture from the us ( of course we have to blame the us , we 're on / r/europe and we 're french ) . 
  i 'm not sure we agree when you say :  there are millions of french poors living in their quarters , and they do n't riot , they do n't sack ( they do n't have luxury cars indeed ) , and they suffers of these `` youth '' . 
  medias call them * `` youth '' in order to not have to clarify their foreign origin , which would be considered as being stigmatizing by the system . 
  those who riot and are called `` young '' are * not * those who own and drive the cars . 
  those who riot are poor ( although , obviously , you are right when you say a moajority of the poor do not riot -- i 'm not sure the figure is as high as milions btw ) and those who own kalachnikovs , control the suburbs and consider it their territory do not riot . 
  they have in fact everything to lose with the riots : it disrupt the drug business ( people wo n't buy drug in a place rioting ) and it draws attention from the media and the police . 
  * they * you are mixing high-end gangsters , fed with drug money with local young . 
  while some of the latter are working for the former , it is not like you 're dealing with a marvellous communist society : the ones who drive the cars are not those who riot , they have too much too lose to do such a stupid thing . 
  the way i see it , the presence of religious elders does more to calm the youngs than the other way : they mostly come from north africa , and the religion there is far more tolerant than wahhabism . 
  most representatives of these religious communities tirelessly call for order whenever riots occur , and i 'm guessing they would not condone the young harassing you . 
  on the other hand , they may bee seen as losers whose example is not to be followed : they have worked all their life , waking at 6am to take the rer to paris ( and waking up to take the rer is even less uplifting than the metro ) to work low-paid hard jobs and still are not regarded highly in french society ( as those who are would leave the district as soon as they can ) . 
  but on the whole , i 'd say it is more a social clash than a culture clash . 
  edit : btw , the university protests you are refering to were quite mild . 
  the big similiar event were anti-cpe demonstrations in 2006 . 
  while it is true it was less violent than the 2005 suburb clashed , it was still quite violent . 
  to add to all the other comments , i also feel that people in france think that such riots are no * very * big deal . 
  such not-so-peacful demonstrations are generally the way social changes get enacted in france : bourgeois taking over nobility ( 1789 ) , workers wanting to count against the bourgeois order ( commune of paris , 187 ~ ) or more recently , 1968 , to shake a social order that had not move since 1945 . 
  i 'm too young to really remember how the * cit\u00e9s * were perceived before 2005 , but i feel that it changed the stance from `` yeah , they are poor , things will get better over time '' to `` we need to do something '' . 
  so far , the only result i 've seen for these riots is sarkozy . 
  your link is interesting but dead [ here 's the cache ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http%3a%2f%2fwww.brookings.edu%2f%257e%2fmedia%2fresearch%2ffiles%2ftestimony%2f2006%2f1%2f12france%2520vaisse%2fvaisse20060112 ), 
   they often wear traditional clothing from their culture hoodies and jogging pants ? 
  that 's your violent youth . 
  and while there parents are muslim , they are generally not that religious . 
  it shows the average * worker * , not member of the active population . 
  so the unemployed are not there , i think . 
  he would n't show in the stats at all , that 's the point . 
  it has been changed . 
  are you saying that the uk 's agriculture sector is larger ? 
  then of course france and spain need more money to develop their : they have more land and yet are behind . 
   yes , but when laws give special treatment to a group of people over others there 's a clear breach of france 's ` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 ' motto . 
  i think the law should simply mention all genocides admitted by the majority of proper international oganisms that deal with such matters . 
  no need to make a list , jsut say ` all of them ' . 
  what for ? 
  and to what group does it give special treatment ? 
  holocaust deniers as opposed to other kinds ? 
  as stated before the other kinds are not distrustful , so no one cares . 
  is it special treatment to say `` men are allowed to go bare-chested , women are not '' ? 
  ( that is actually a terrible example , but i hope you get my point ) edit : that said , your position is close to the one of the constitutional council when he censored the armenian genocide law . 
  it has not yet been asked to give its opinion on the holocaust law but might in a close future ( only recently can citizen ask it if a law is constitutional , but since they have to have been found guilty of violating said law first we first need a new negationist trial in france ) . 
  the result will probably be a confirmation though : the council is a political one , not judiciary . 
  you may have heard that the parliament wanted to include the armenian genocide in it . 
  it has not been done ( constitutional court suppressed it ) so it is only nuremberg . 
  since the denial of nanking massacre do not threaten public peace in france it would make no sense to legislate on that : laws have nothing to do with what is just , but are only a mean to stop something from happening . 
  as for the cartoon , i have hard time seeing how a cartoon could deny anything on its own ( i mean , you draw the holocaust not happening ? ) . 
  i did not answer directly him saying that it would be illegal simply because i have no clue . 
  '' `` it is illegal to contest in a publication ( speaking on the tv/radio counts as publishing , as well as blogging ( there is still a debate , but a post on facebook counts as well ) ) the existence of the crimes against humanity as defined by the nuremberg court . '', 
  you can joke all you want about it . 
  you can even imo make a character saying `` the holocaust did not happen '' . 
  having that written as said by a narrator goes probably too far . 
  unfortunately , the french state do not recognize any religion so they ca n't really do that ( but still wants people to feel free to have one ) . 
  but feel free to write to your favourite french mp to propose him to propose a blasphemy law . 
  others have called for it already , without success until now . 
  ( ~ every citizen can speak , write and print freely , but has to answer for abuses of that freedom as defined by the law ) . 
  the dignity of the human race . 
  whether it is necessary for it is an entirely different question . 
  nor do i need , since my point is that that law is not aimed at protecting a particular group . 
   ( assuming that you are christian ) or muslim . 
  you can insult and mock the jew as much as you want ( as long as you to not fall into `` incitating to hatred '' ) , you just ca n't deny the crimes against humanity defined in the nuremberg trial happened . 
  this has nothing to do with the sensibility of any group of people , it is a crime against ** humanity ** ( yes , i know humanity is a group of people ) . 
  and where in the world can people do whatever they want because of religion ? 
  you realize that nobody in france talked about freedom of speech right . 
  they talked about * libert\u00e9 d'expression * , which is not the same thing . 
  nobody if the guy only stated there were a protest . 
  him , if he called people to join ( along with anyone ho did the same ) but again the lifetime of a demonstration in front of an embassy will be too short for this to happen . 
  no it does not .
