the fact that you call it istanbul would be enough to drive her crazy . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  xd it depends what you mean by \u03c0\u03b9\u03c0\u03b1 . 
  can confirm . 
  am pissed . 
  it does n't . 
  i 've looked . 
  my gf is polish and her parents have a satellite service from poland here in greece ( polsat i think ) . 
  it 's like they 're too lazy to make/read subtitles . 
  i ca n't watch tv with her because i do n't understand a fuckin thing . 
  some times it 's just reading the words ; no feeling no nothing . 
  just plain reading of the lines ... 
  sometimes the original voices can be heard faintly on the background but i ca n't make them out so it 's just so annoying . 
  the have discovery etc and i ca n't watch them with my gf . 
  why poland ? 
  why ? 
  as for my country , dubbing is limited to kids movies which makes sense , but there is always a version at the cinema which is un-dubbed . 
  so we have the choice . 
  greek and english . 
  ooooo ... 
  i 'm not sure how this works though ... 
  but anyway . 
  when ( if ) they admit it , what does that mean for the rest of europe ? 
  b-but ... how can they not admit it ? 
  i mean ... that sounds like a monty python skit ... u : `` you are invading us '' r : `` no we 're not '' u : `` but we can literally see the tanks '' r : '' ... '' u : `` they are right in front of me right now '' r : '' ... 
  wth is going on ? 
  can someone eli5 the whole situation to me ? 
  is ww3 coming or something ? 
  i 'm scared . 
  i must be missing something ... did something happen ? 
  can someone fill me in ? 
  i thought he looked like alec baldwin xd, 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , different scale . 
  do you mean greece did it on a much bigger scale ? 
  whatever the case may be , it 's known that there is tons of corruption in greece going knee-deep . 
  this is why i 'm semi-happy about this deal , because it takes some power away from the hands of populist techniques etc. 
  i 'm really worried about low income pensioners and other such groups though , that will suffer the most from the whole thing ... again . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i actually started paying attention to politics after tsipras was elected . 
  so this is why the whole text above should be taken with a huge grain of salt . 
  i 've heard about this but was n't really sure about it since my sources are mainly word of mouth , and what one ( i think ) mp has said . 
  this is why i always try to refrain from debating if greece has implemented these measures . 
  what i 've heard is that they passed the laws but never actually implemented them . 
  what they did instead was focus on raising taxes and stuff like that , basically crippling the economy and causing this huge pile of shit we are in right now . 
  they also got around firing `` useless '' public sector employees by just closing the ert channel ( paid by greek citizens ) . 
  it was closed rightfully so , in my opinion , because their employees contracts were unbreakable or something , and their pay too high , but the fact that those populist bastards did n't fire the worst kind of lazy public sector employees for fear of losing votes is infuriating ... all this may be completely wrong though , since i do n't actually have any sources available so take it with a grain of salt . 
  knowing my past governments though , it does n't seem too unlikely . 
  i at least hope that monitoring will now be more severe so they will have no other option than to actually do the neccessary stuff and reforms . 
  i 'm worried about low income families , pensioners and young people like me that ca n't find a job . 
  thanks for the response . 
  maybe there 's a silver lining after all . 
  i 've heard about this and i do n't understand why it has stopped . 
  will it actually happen with this new programme cuz that would be amazing . 
  i 've also heard about the area around the current airport . 
  i 've heard that the chinese wanted to turn it into a metropolis witch skyscrapers and stuff , but it also has n't moved forward . 
  where can i read about this stuff ? 
  dude this is / r/europe . 
  or greek . 
  this is two years old , but they have recently said the same thing . 
  it 's just a meme \u03c6\u03af\u03bb\u03b5 . 
  i a greek 21 year old university student so let me give you some insight ( personal opinions ) . 
  this referendum is ridiculous in its phrasing for me . 
  they say that we are simply voting if we accept the measures or not . 
  thing is , they are not telling us clearly what a no vote means for the country . 
  they are saying that no does n't mean an exit from the euro , but how can this be true ? 
  if it does n't mean that , then what ? 
  will they continue the negotiations ? 
  but wo n't this just lead to nowhere ( as it has so far ) , and then what ? 
  we wo n't be able to pay at the end of the month , and then the inevitable grexit will come . 
  so what else could a no mean ? 
  this leads me to believe that all this is just political . 
  if we vote yes , then tsipras can simply say that this is what we wanted , effectively denying responsibility , and if we vote no , then he can say that `` the eu kicked us out of the euro '' instead of `` i got us out of the euro '' . 
  this is why they are saying things like `` no does n't mean grexit '' and that `` the eu has the ball now '' . 
  they are trying to not be held responsible . 
  i would vote no in a wimp if i was sure that it would be handled well . 
  one idea i 've read somewhere is that we should go back to the drachma but print nothing . 
  payments would be conducted with cards only . 
  this would at least eliminate tax evasion , thus giving us a footing to not go completely into shit . 
  but i 'm not confident this will happen . 
  i 'm not confident a transition to the drachma would be handled correctly , so i 'm just sitting here , scared shitless about my , and my country 's future , not sure what to vote , because in my eyes , both will eventually destroy everything . 
  oh and let 's not forget . 
  even if tsipras is forced to resign , and we have another election , then who will come to power ? 
  i 'm not sure but there is a possibility that it will be golden dawn , because people are fed up and syriza was the last `` hope '' for many people . 
  this is what i 'm hoping for too . 
  but i just ca n't shake this feeling on the back of my head . 
  i 'm not saying ww3 will happen , but `` what if '' , you know ? 
  i can see what you 're saying about the media as well . 
  there seems to be more clickbait that story on this , but it 's still interesting and kind of agonizing to see what happens . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  i do n't think a `` big '' war is possible these days . 
  whatever happens ( if it happens ) it will be fast but equally destructive , and unlimately pointless . 
  as for wheather there will be a war or not ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not educated enough in these matters to respond with a yes or no . 
  maybe that 's why i 'm also scared . 
  i see . 
  thanks for taking the time to respond . 
   unusual activity do you have more info on this ? 
  i see . 
  and what about these big news ?
