  the problem is the strong social pressures these cultures exert . 
  its a `` you are free to not wear this , but your family and friends will disown you if you do n't '' . 
  i guess this is how they want to solve rising prices in poor neighborhoods . 
  make it impossible for wealthier people to move there . 
   open borders , an end to international trade how do they imagine both of these working ? 
  so heavy socialism, 
  when people hear moderate muslim , they think moderate christian , ie a guy who thinks faith is a private matterand has liberal views . 
  but in reality , polls show that the `` moderate '' muslims are those who do n't support terrorism , but think that sharia law should be the law of the land . 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , there are a lot of migrants who do n't immerse themselves in the local culture . 
  they stick to others who speak the same language as them and never bother learning the local language . 
  its much harder to get someone to leave than to just not let them in . 
  compared to what could have happened if they took europe 's approach , yes . 
  israel is n't turning leftward . 
  regular stabbings and car bombings by islamists ensures that . 
  yes , many countries can strip you of your sole citizenship . 
  its black humor , not a solution . 
  hebdo is laughing at themselves as well . 
  given that they gave into islam after getting attacked . 
  if you are n't even willing to shave your beard , then you are n't very afraid . 
   a while back , barrack obama was poised to initiate military action against the syrian government . 
  if he had , syria would have been saved just like iraq is safe ? 
   , but i feel it 's necessary to point out that assad is responsible for the vast majority of deaths in the syrian civil war . 
  i am far more concerned about threats to my country and family than threats to syrians . 
   spend immense amounts of capital and labor to build up the standard of living of everyone in the area where daesh claims its support . 
  this expensive method is likely to never be used because simply no one wants to spend the money needed . 
  this alone would n't be enough . 
  because of the massive corruption and violence in the areas , you would still need to send in troops to protect your capital and labor , plus kill those attacking . 
  and there would still be a ton of civilian casualties . 
  oh definitely . 
  he is clearly only doing the religion thing to pander . 
  and he does n't even do it that hard . 
  when asked for his favorite bible verse , he responded `` thats a private matter '' . 
  trump has explicitly said the bible is his favorite book . 
  few mores years and this will happen in germany too . 
  i would rank the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy higher than lotr . 
  the bible, 
  war does n't have a big impact on the population . 
  it sounds horrible to hear `` 500 thousand people died in civil war x '' , but when the war lasts 5 years and the country has a population of 20 million people , it has a negligible impact on population . 
  or just tell them no more foreign aid and trade sanction unless they accept . 
   i do n't believe the growth will continue on like that this projection actually assumes slowed growth . 
   africa is quickly getting to the point where it can not feed itself and in eastern-africa chinese are buying up land en masse to feed china . 
  which is why there will be mass migration of africans to the eu next time a serious drought hits . 
  the current labour leader is corbyn , who looks like he is only going to make labour lose even harder . 
  turkey is nowhere near the worst country in the middle east . 
  and plenty of african countries are just as bad . 
  if turkey is n't safe to deport to , then there are hundreds of millions of potential migrants out there , who can never be deported . 
   and why should turkey take the people ? 
  because they illegally entered europe from turkey . 
  if turkey does n't want to play ball , the eu could threaten trade sanctions . 
   there is no point in discussing what could have been but rather we should discuss how we solve the problems at hand . 
  there is no point discussing the current migrants when millions more are arriving each year . 
  it costs thousands of dollars to pay a smuggler to get into europe . 
  if migrants know that they will just be sent to camps in africa , most wo n't pay that fee . 
  the remaining few will run out of money pretty quickly . 
  its too late for that . 
  once you embrace mass migration , the welfare state wo n't last . 
  being an island does make it more difficult to reach , but there is nothing stopping the eu from setting up camps in africa , then deporting migrants who come into the eu to those camps . 
  so why are we so much better ? 
  because you have stable democratic governments instead of theocracies and dictatorships . 
  hey , i have an idea . 
  you should go overthrow the dictatorships and institute democracy . 
  that will solve the problem right ? 
  there are several very poor african countries that would take the migrants in return for money . 
  i would suggest looking to the us for how to handle this situation . 
  you need to heavily cut welfare spending to encourage them to work . 
  if they do n't work , they should be homeless or in cramped shelters . 
  the turkish people came on work visas and were vetted before being allowed in . 
  people who did n't work got sent back to turkey . 
  the current group is n't vetted and those who do n't work will be allowed to stay . 
  its not luck . 
  its the result of good decisions made by my ancestors to work hard and make my country what is it . 
  nope . 
  its because tears are salty . 
  they know how , but it relies on cooperation from the russian federation . 
  i really wish my government would just leave europe and force it to fund its own defense . 
  did n't stop them from passing the quotas last time . 
  because the decision is decided by a qualified majority vote . 
  eastern nations do n't have enough votes by themselves to refuse . 
  by keeping the uk out of the vote , germany can pass what it wants on this issue . 
  well germany agrees because they are also flooded with migrants . 
  same with italy and greece . 
  uk and denmark have opt outs , so 2 of the strongest opponents wo n't be voting . 
  the optout thing is rather clever in retrospect . 
  it gives germany a lot of power over eastern europe . 
  because it ensures the strongest euro-skeptic country ( the uk ) wo n't oppose it . 
  and most importantly , the biggest nation to oppose it ( uk ) has an opt out . 
  so they wo n't be voting . 
  orban supports a plan to provide southern states with increased support to defend their borders and to move migrants to a camp outside the eu . 
  germany already does that though . 
  they just give the uk an opt out and the uk agrees not to complain . 
  as an american , i have never had any trouble pronouncing lithuania . 
  seems pretty simple to me . 
  world peace is maintained by nukes , not nato . 
  if it were n't for nukes nato would have sparked a very bloody war with the ussr . 
  and they can continue to do so . 
  the uk is a net importer from the eu so i am confident the eu will back a trade agreement . 
  if you are worried , contact your government to make it clear you want trade agreements with the uk . 
   luckily you will vote remain leave won !, 
  well leave won , so he was right .
