its a mild risk . 
  and any country that bans it will see their agriculture industry crash . 
   a true leader would send these migrants back exactly where they came from . 
  because thats what turkey is going to do . 
  eu leaders do n't want to get their hands dirty , so they will send the migrants to turkey and turkey will send them back where they came from . 
  one of your pms literally cried when announcing modest migrant restrictions . 
  the us treats budget deficits very differently . 
  the federal government allows states to default on debt . 
  and per the constitution it could not force a state to give up power . 
   not if you factor in ppp a proper fiscal union would not . 
  taxes are based on absolute income . 
  except the uk and scandinavia have no desire to integrate . 
  really , we could get integration of germany , france and a few other small countries . 
  the greatest gap in the us is 2x ( maryland versus mississippi ) . 
  by contrast , bulgaria versus germany is a 5x gap . 
  in the us , mississippi does pay low federal taxes , but if we had a eu sized gap , the difference would be even more massive . 
  rough numbers : bulgaria has an average yearly income of 4k euros . 
  at that level , someone would pay 0 dollars ( us people pay no taxes on the first 6.6 k dollars of income ) . 
  going off this chart , the average person in romania , latvia , lithuania and hungary would pay no taxes.even poland would pay barely any . 
  at worst , the us has a 2x gap across states ( maryland versus mississippi ) . 
  i will agree that the cultural differences are overstated and can be worked through . 
  the biggest issues are the vast income disparities and different economic interests . 
  what poland or greece want to do to improve their economy is completely different ( and sometimes at odds ) with what germany wants to do . 
  in this system , some ee states would pay basically no taxes . 
  the us also has a lot more equality between nations . 
  the richest state in the us is slightly less than 2x richer than the poorest state . 
  by contrast the eu has a greater than 5x difference . 
   they 're only in it as long as it benefits them . 
  well in a proper superstate , you would see massive fiscal transfers to ee . 
  if every country was using the same tax brackets , you would see most ee country members paying little to no taxes while everyone got the same benefits . 
  yeah , the assumption that china is going to maintain dominance is an iffy one . 
  china has a very authoritarian government that maintains support due to economic growth . 
  i am skeptical with how well the government will maintain power the next time it hits a major depression . 
   would that count as very very different to you ? 
  no , for one , eu countries have income differences of 5x between the richest and poorest areas . 
  by contrast , in the us the biggest difference is still less than two . 
  and those rich states are giving a ton of tax dollars to the poorer ones . 
  way more proportionally than any eu country gives . 
  and in the us , these fiscals transfers are mostly no strings attached . 
  by contrast eu countries are threatening to take away the money they do give if ee does n't agree to the migrant quotas . 
   change does n't happen overnight the assumption that change will happen is a huge difference in mindset . 
  russia today opposes gay rights more strongly than it did 10 years ago , there is no guarantee that things will go the other way in ee . 
  proper unification would require massive fiscal transfers . 
  you ca n't have a union where the people of one country are making 5 times as much as another . 
   they were allowed ( and often transported ) into europe by authorities of european countries . 
  what those eu countries were doing is also illegal . 
  2:1 is a landslide in most elections . 
  the world is a large place . 
  i consider a danger to the world to be a large conflict that involves multiple superpowers . 
  ie russia vs us would be a danger to the world . 
  the ukraine scenario is a localized conflict . 
  trump is n't `` appeasing '' anyone . 
  to be blunt , ukraine is n't america 's problem . 
  it is n't in nato and it has no economic importance to us . 
  i would rather we reserve our political capital with russia for issues that are important to our country . 
  this does n't explain how its dangerous to the world . 
  to me , the biggest danger to the world is tensions between the us and russia , as both of us have huge nuclear silos . 
  a terrorist attack by the children of refugees and immigrants . 
  it shows that even after 20 + years , the migrant communities are not integrated and still a threat . 
   may the dangerous times face the world how would good relations between russia and the us be dangerous for the world ? 
  trump was n't speaking about a crackdown . 
  he was speaking about allegations that putin murdered journalists . 
  you ca n't declare bankruptcy on government fines . 
  after paris , there is no way the anti-quota groups will change their mind . 
   looked like the guy asking 100 , i mean 50 $ to his father but on reverse . 
  culture is only a small part of it . 
  wealth inequality is massive . 
  you ca n't have a country where one part has a gdp 5 times higher than another . 
  income inequality is also way smaller in the us . 
  if germany was willing to dedicate say , 5 % of its gdp , to fiscal transfers to poorer countries , then you would get widespread support for a union . 
  truck drivers in the us take breaking into their truck very seriously . 
  and in several states you can legally shoot someone breaking into your vehicle or workplace . 
  france has extremely weak self defense laws . 
  private security would n't be allowed to protect the lorries . 
   in theory the eu is about solidarity - member states helping each other in times of need as they would their own citizens when has the eu shown solidarity with the uk ? 
  plus his support for hamas . 
   just the fact that dieting in the puberty and pre-puberty age can quickly fuck some things up . 
  being overweight or obese during puberty will also fuck things up . 
  and 1/3rd of 10 year olds are overweight or obese in the us . 
  in the us , 18 % of children ages 6-11 are obese and 33 % are overweight or obese . 
  they definitely need to be aware of their weight and know how to diet . 
   when you see girls as young as 10-11 getting worried about ` being overweight ' and ` going on diets ' you can see why this image can be so dangerous . 
  many 10-11 year old girls should be worried about that when a quarter of their classmates are overweight . 
  sadly being overweight is n't limited to adults anymore . 
   the money comes freely and willingly ( well , most of the time ) from developed countries in order to help develop the less fortunate . 
  that is n't at all the reason . 
  the funds are there in return for the political power and free trade that the west benefits from . 
  unemployment is at 5 % . 
  maybe , but maybe merkel will just say `` you guys wo n't leave anyway . 
  you get nothing . 
  it will suck for the poor who ca n't afford them though . 
  you also need to factor in the costs ( both financial and environmentally ) of gathering and transporting all this food waste . 
  this will help , but you have to keep in mind that many of them are coming due to lies they heard from human traffickers . 
  those lies wo n't stop . 
   we do n't have enough policemen to do anything against 18000 people anyway . 
  then use the military . 
  this place is clearly at `` disaster zone '' level . 
  this should be a massive embarrassment for france . 
  the federal government should be sending in forces to clear the camps and keep them clear . 
   i am starting to see it become more like a united states situation where people are working 2 or 3 jobs or taking lots of overtime and working 60-70 hours a week just to get by .
