  this would be much cheaper and as a bonus helps syria once the conflict is over . 
  but if europe is committed to keeping these people , then sending them to eastern europe is a horrible way to go about it . 
  the least bad alternative would be setting up camps on the syrian border and sending the refugees there . 
  its much cheaper and ensures that syria can recover some day . 
  sending them to eastern europe where the natives dislike them and they dislike the country is arguably the worst alternative . 
  that might force them to stay put , but it does n't address my original complaint . 
  using money to coerce people to stay in a country they do n't want to be in surrounded by people who do n't like them is n't going to lead to integration . 
  are you proposing germany provide benefits to refugees in eastern europe ? 
  2/3rds are functionally illiterate actually . 
  they are well educated relative to afghanistan . 
  syria is ranked in the bottom 3rd for all of the middle east though , and far below every european country . 
  they can identify letters , write their name , etc , but if you asked them to read and explain harry potter most would fail . 
   i wonder whether the proposal to move some of them to eastern europe would improve the matter i do n't think forcing refugees to live somewhere they do n't want to is going to lead to them integrating better . 
  and so far attempts to force them to move have gone badly . 
  sweden is getting screwed pretty hard to due to governments handling of immigration . 
  is le pen euroskeptic ? 
  child marriage is on the rise in the eu though with the mass migration movement . 
  politicians generally believe that they need more power for the good of the people . 
  `` if only i did n't have to deal with these pesky checks and balances , i could do great things !, 
  you are thinking of governments that care about its citizens . 
  afghanistan politicians will ask `` what do i get out of this ? '', 
  and refuse entry until they get their bribes ( probably foreign aid ) . 
  the government is very corrupt and it wo n't cost much . 
   so my only conclusion is that if 28 states take a portion it wo n't over burden any particular state . 
  the problem is that there are hundreds of millions of potential migrants who would love to come to the eu . 
  and several million refugees . 
  i do n't see how taking 500k is going to stop more from coming . 
   i am an economist and i mostly didnt get it either but voted yes since alot of politicians and organizations recommended it . 
  of course the politicians supported it . 
  the vote was to give politicians more power . 
   but then i do n't see why some countries can cherry-pick what they want from the eu and other countries are fully in no matter whether something is useful or hurts the single member state . 
  to add , it gives some countries ( like germany ) more power . 
  for instance , if the uk had not had a migrant quota opt out , the uk would have heavily opposed the quotas . 
  with the uk having an opt out , it did n't vote and does n't really care . 
   but what exactly is your plan ? 
  well italy tried sending migrants back , but got fined by the eu for not doing it properly . 
  you could do what australia does and just deport them to offshore detention camps . 
  not all of them . 
  some of them rejected but were overruled . 
   problem is daesh and assad . 
  problem is much deeper than that . 
  iraq had its terrorists removed by force , then elected a government . 
  then a new group of radicals popped up and threw the country into anarchy . 
  the same thing could just happen again . 
  right now your hopes rest with the uk . 
  if the uk leaves , then other countries will be willing to follow suite . 
  of course , the uk is exempt from the migrant crisis thanks to opt outs , which significantly reduces its chance of leaving . 
  based on past elections , independence would result in palestine electing terrorists or just collapsing into a failed state . 
  my country was founded on people migrating for work . 
  we are experts here . 
  this is an area where its important to look at intent . 
  soros has made clear he wants to influence elections , so his actions should be looked at suspiciously when it comes to political influence . 
   but in a free democratic society this should not only be allowed , but sort of encouraged . 
  in his * own * society sure , but foreigners spending money to influence elections is n't democratic . 
  turkey is willing to take harsh measures to enforce the borders , eu countries are not . 
  for the eu , its better to pay turkey to handle the problem then get its own hands dirty . 
  it seems ridiculous to me that they ca n't even carry nonlethal weapons for self defense . 
  where i live , someone breaking into your vehicle is grounds to legally kill them . 
  its not that bad . 
  you can work in any other eu country . 
   but only if the borders are controlled if the borders are controlled , quotas are n't needed . 
  countries can decide how many migrants they want to take in ( even if that number is zero ) . 
  most migrants would rather stay in their own country rather than fight to the death with 23 other people . 
  it would significantly reduce the number trying . 
  then those countries should take measures to force western ex-pats to integrate . 
   and do n't go to the `` society wide level '' crap when you made it very personal level stuff in your original message . 
  the original message was not from me , but a guy saying :  since i believe having children should be considered a type of tax you pay to society it seems starvation will be what you get for this particular tax evasion . 
  thats a social issue . 
  kids are needed to raise the next generation . 
  if too many people do n't have kids , then it puts a huge strain on the remaining youth to take care of the elderly . 
  `` save money '' sounds nice , but in practice i do n't think it would work at a society level . 
  you have to remember that money is just a means of exchange for goods and services , and those things are much harder to save up . 
  the actual labor that will be needed to care for the elderly ca n't be saved . 
  i am looking at it more at a society wide level . 
  young people are going to have to take care of all those old people . 
  so either you have kids , or someone else 's kids are going to have to do it . 
   as someone who is not going to be caring for their parents when they 're old then your parents will be cared for by other people 's kids . 
  those reports are focused on wealth , not income . 
  two very different things . 
  well if you do n't have kids , who do you think is going to take care of you when you get old ? 
  first comment in this post covers a few of them . 
  lots of `` mandatory '' financial requirements are violated as well . 
   but they ca n't cherry pick just the rules they like but thats exactly what happens . 
  some laws can be ignored with no consequence , which shows that it is n't about enforcing the rule of law . 
  its about forcing values onto other countries . 
   then the shared values if one group wants to handle things differently , then they are n't shared values anymore . 
  its * forced * values . 
  when the eu forces italy to take in migrants from the see and refuses to let italy send them back , thats not sharing values . 
  its certain countries trying to force others to act a certain way . 
  as has been pointed out elsewhere , the eu ignores plenty of laws without consequence . 
  this is just one more . 
  the problem is that helping migrants is essentially charity . 
  and you are trying to force charity onto others . 
   freedom of speech/freedom of press does n't work that way . 
  then how do you handle asshole journalists ? 
  you have to remember that the eu has also fined italy for sending migrants back where they came from . 
  if they just let italy handle the situation and did n't interfere , migration numbers would be much lower , as people would know they just get deported . 
   but most people know that what 's happening is inevitable . 
  it is not inevitable . 
  if the local population was committed to stopping it , it would be stopped .
