  this rarely happens . 
  people like to bring this trope up , but only 3 % of our population is on minimum wage . 
  most people make enough to live off 40 hours . 
  only you are very low income or are a 1 income family , then you might need 50-60 . 
  how ? 
  and if you look at israel , you will see plenty of middle class families having lots of children , because they form tight knit communities with strong emphasis on family . 
  you list a lot of reasons it benefits other countries , but i do n't see anything on how the us benefits . 
  as far as i can tell , us being the world leader costs us a lot of money with little return . 
  if that were the case , we would expect the upper class to have higher birth rates than the middle class ( as student loans effect them less ) , yet that is n't the case . 
   i do n't get , why it 's illegal in certain countries . 
  some people think the fetus is a person , and view abortion as murder . 
   i ca n't understand how this is n't a source of shame for everyone living in ireland ironic . 
  pro-life advocates say they ca n't understand how legal abortion is n't a source of shame for everyone living in those countries . 
   just because a woman gives her consent to sex does n't mean she agrees to become pregnant . 
  this is just trying to divorce actions from consequences . 
  in the us , poor people statistically have far more kids than richer people . 
  i do n't see why student debt is a special form of poverty , so if anything people with student debt should be having more kids . 
  imo , most of the people blaming student debt would n't be having many ( if any ) kids anyway . 
  they would just find something else to blame . 
  there definitely is a large cultural problem . 
  in countries like israel with a high birthrate , there is a large emphasis on a tightknit community centered around families . 
  its a huge taboo to get divorced and in the rare instances it happens , people have family they can fall back on . 
  just because europeans are having less kids does n't mean your population is shrinking . 
  you are importing more than enough immigrants to ensure populations increase each year . 
   wages would rise on the flip side , taxes would rise a lot too to pay for the non-working , expensive elderly community . 
  intelligence correlates highly with genetics . 
  it also correlates decently with having a career and delaying childbirth . 
   i was thinking that her husband would do all the work career women delay marriage a lot longer , so they often do n't have husbands . 
  i hear this excuse , yet germans do n't have student debt and they have the lowest birthrate in the world . 
  its cultural . 
  israelis put a high value on having and raising children . 
  they have tight knit communities that help raise the kids and its very common for women to stay at home to raise them . 
   having kids is too expensive odd how the poor are the ones having the most kids then . 
   and while i think it 's in the american 's best interest to join the icc why would it be in our best interests ? 
  source ? 
  from what i have read , many get there application denied , but few leave . 
  i support unions . 
  they are great for negotiating with employers . 
  i just do n't think they should be writing legal regulations . 
  unions have little incentive to support start ups or small businesses . 
  they expect what the human traffickers told them . 
  imo , a big part of the problem is these people are rarely deported . 
  if the migrants went back to their home countries with stories about how horrible scandinavia is , people would stop trying . 
  that is n't anti-copyright . 
  thats copyright reform . 
  anti-copyright would be the position of groups like thepiratebay , who believe you should be able to legally download any content for free . 
  that is n't anti-copyright . 
  thats copyright reform . 
  anti-copyright would be the position of groups like thepiratebay , who believe you should be able to legally download any content for free . 
   most people want to work in return for remuneration . 
  they do n't want to work so the internet can have their stuff for free . 
  the anti-copyright crowd tends to think people who want to be payed for their intellectual work are scum who should be driven out of business . 
   where the power lies with democratically elected and re-callable workers ' councils and not a centralized state or party . 
  those workers councils will be just as corrupt . 
  we have already seen what happens when unions get to write the regulations . 
  they make the barrier to entry very high to keep out competitors and ensure cushy jobs for themselves . 
  the migrants are n't complaining about the scenery . 
  their problem is that they have no economic or social prospects . 
  benefit shopping migrants is the uks biggest complaint with the eu . 
  i do n't see how this was designed to be jettisoned . 
  of course not . 
  its the polish who benefit most form these benefits . 
   i do n't see a reason why this would n't be possible for one , we have no idea how technology will evolve over the next 35 years . 
  maybe battery technology will plateau . 
  or maybe it will massively leap forward . 
  its impossible to know . 
  the crisis itself is n't the problem here . 
  its how the eu has reacted with germany at the lead . 
  8 year olds can write short sentences legibly , but they make tons of spelling and grammar errors . 
  they would have to be very talented tutors who speak the refugees language as well . 
  i have worked with adults who need to be retrained . 
  it can be very difficult , and my guys at least had high school diplomas and spoke english . 
  that is double the median income in romania . 
  this stuff is going to break the eu . 
   muslims that maybe will find hard to integrate in western countries or that they could in the future be radicalized . 
  i am very worried about htis . 
  germany will have a large unemployed population who feels alienated from the locals , thats perfect for radicalization . 
  as someone who works in a factory , a lot of this is just industries changing to emphasize quality and safety more . 
  i work at a fairly simple factory , but even here everyone needs to be able to read and follow written procedures , fill out paperwork on what they have done and speak english well enough to talk to supervisors and auditors . 
  its no longer good enough to just get your work done . 
   some kind of manual factory drone position . 
  most factory work requires a reasonable level of skill . 
  i work at a very simple factory . 
  we hire some pretty dumb people , but even here the line guys still need to fill out paperwork describing the work they have done and comprehend written procedures . 
   is n't going to get far without significant investment in education , integration and ausbildung . 
  and even then many will never learn . 
  for many adults , making significant educational advancements is borderline impossible . 
   not on a par with developed countries . 
  they are n't even on par with developing countries . 
  syria is ranked is in the bottom half of the middle east education wise . 
  someone who can barely read and write is still technically literate . 
  they just are n't very good at it . 
  think of your average 8 year old . 
   learning german as an adult is certainly possible , the problem is learning how to learn . 
  i am confident i could learn german if needed , because i spent many years in school , a little experience learning foreign languages and have a mastery of english . 
  i read a lot of books and could reasonably appl by contrast , if you gave these guys a translation book , they would struggle with the parts in their own language . 
  understanding the german would be nearly impossible . 
  the problem is n't poland being terrible . 
  the problem is job prospects and likelihood to integrate . 
  i would set up refugee camps near syria and move them there .
