  lol no . 
  it 's like trying to blame a dog for trying to bite you after you smashed it 's head . 
  you ca n't blame the dog for that , however you ca n't deny that dog started it . 
  i have read somewhere that during the war turkish troops believed that anzac soldiers were brought to gallipoli by force . 
  and in the same way anzac troops believed that turkish troops were fighting because germans forced them . 
  maybe this is the reason why there were lots of gentleman acts between them . 
  this must be the reason why turkey is fucked up . 
  we angered greeks and therefore greek gods !, 
   is dollar seen as a way to keep your savings yes . 
   set price of more expensive investment ( car , apartment etc. ), 
  if it 's very expensive , but even then it 's rare . 
   free services free hair cutting if you sell 300 $ , free lunch if you sell 200 $ . 
  totally worth it i 'd say . 
   the history of the turks is definitely not multicultural history of the turks ! = history of the ottomans just like how byzantium empire does n't only represent greeks , ottoman empire does n't only represent turks . 
  it 's an empire after all , not a nation country . 
  ottomans used byzantium empire symbols because they embraced much of their culture and they considered themselves as successors of byzantium empire , they even called themselves `` roman sultans '' as one of their titles . 
  one more fact , current generic mosque design is mainly derived from the original design of hagia sophia . 
  ottomans loved the building , changed it to a mosque and used the main design in their other mosques with some additions . 
  well that 's what happens when you have a multicultural empire . 
  mmmm yes , right about time we needed a new country topic because of all the economic crisis things going on . 
  who cares about allies or economics anyways . 
  one thing that i hope is maybe putin gave up on assad and wants to back up erdogan . 
  i want to believe this otherwise we 're so fucked without any allies . 
   relatively calculated people . 
  if they were n't , they would n't be in power , yes . 
  i hate to say it but i actually respect erdogan in that sense , he is a master manipulator and a smart guy even though he usually does n't act like one . 
   t\u00fcrkeli in modern turkish it means `` hand of turk '' but in older turkish it means `` land of turk '' just like how we call thrace trakya or rumeli meaning `` land of rum ( greeks/thracians ) '' . 
   yunani/yunanistan - turkey/persian name for greeks . 
  yes , i know where this one originates from . 
  but i thought ionians came to anatolia from greece during the archaic age iirc . 
  damn i got rusty , i took the history of civilisation class and it mainly focuses on mesopotamian/greek/roman civilisations . 
  most of the european country/nation names in turkish are either borrowed from french or persian due to historical relationships . 
  we suck boys . 
  great answer , thank you . 
  i 'm also surprised . 
  i expected something like `` land of turks '' because that 's what it means . 
  we actually have '' - iye '' suffix but it 's a borrowed thing from arabic used in for example konstantiniyye ( land of constantine , similar to constantinople/constantinopolis ) but t\u00fcrkiye is thought to be borrowed from french ( turquie ) or italian ( turchia ) as they used the word in 13th century but it found some usage here much more recently starting from 19th century . 
  maybe the suffix we have made people easier to embrace t\u00fcrkiye as a name i dont know . 
  by the way , a question about greece : how come hellas started to be called as greece ? 
  i mean these 2 words seem very different . 
   this will just increase the support to local producers . 
  which is actually a good thing in the long term . 
  so rhodes means rose ? 
  damn rhodes ( and rodos as in turkish ) sounded way more badass before i knew this . 
   this dude is a master troll with a dangerous case of '' notice me senpai '' issues . 
  well that 's one way to put it lol, 
   russianpatriot1547 well played . 
   you 'd have to burn the whole of turkey lol  the greek population in constantinople demanded it and ataturk was too scared not to do it lol  turning it to a museum was the least you could do loool well it was fun , thank you . 
  i would n't believe that people like you actually exist , but hey life is full of surprises , right ? 
  sounds like something that would 've done by some barbaric nation who changed st. sophia from a mosque to a museum to make possible for every nation to enjoy it , not only the muslims . 
  tell me one more nation who did a similar thing , then maybe i can take you seriously . 
  oh and please tell me the reason why we did n't * burn * any other city than izmir since there still are shit loads of greek historical places in other cities . 
  sure . 
  most logical thing i 've heard in a while , thank you . 
  what happened to the old usual smyrna ? 
  well at least he is paying real attention to his health . 
  where is the sand ? 
  all i 'm seeing is a beatiful scene with clear and still waters ... how is the weather there ? 
  it 's 16 degrees here in izmir but it feels so cold . 
  guess how long franco-german wars go back . 
  oh and if you consider other turkic states such as golden horde it goes way back before 1560s . 
  they 're even worse than akp and non-surprisingly erdo\u011fan was once part of that party . 
  they 're not a big factor anymore since akp got almost all of their voters . 
  afaik if it 's a first name it means `` early born '' . 
  well of course every nation has that right . 
  even turkey or lebanon . 
  lol `` do\u011fan '' also means falcon but not sure about buzzard . 
  so you are totally okay with immigrants to be in turkey or lebanon but you say that they have no right to be in europe ? 
  humanism at it 's finest lmao, 
   but i feel we have to stand united against populism and further nationalism . 
  i wish for everyone to have the same mindset . 
  nationalism is getting stronger everywhere and as we have seen before it leads to no good . 
  it 's actually a nice surname meaning `` warrior born '' . 
  erdo\u011fan is one of the common surnames in turkey . 
  hell even many turks want to go , ca n't blame the jews . 
  worst thing is i saw a comment just like this one stating `` well if they stop dressing like whores they would n't be raped in the first place '' something along these lines . 
   he came with an economic crisis and he 'll be gone with one . 
  i do n't know about you but i 'll be just laughing when the economic crisis hit the poorer sections of the populations , namely akp 's main voter base . 
  if they also stop voting for akp that would be the icing on the cake for me . 
  so if i say `` fuck you '' to a woman and if she sues me i could get punished for it but if i literally fuck a woman i get to marry her ? 
  next level law making right here . 
  i think it 's more about the turkish hospitality that we 're proud of . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  from what i saw , until isis became a threat to us people turned a blind eye to them because they were actively fighting against the biggest threat to us , pkk . 
  even after they became a threat to us , our government was hesitant to fight against them for this reason . 
   if you come in the winter i have to warn you it will be very cold . 
  oh come on you 're norwegian how can you even call izmir cold : /, 
   you have to agree that there was evidence that oil , troops , ammo and other support was coming and going over the turkish border agreed . 
  and i actually be surprised if some of those individuals were close to governors . 
  and my word was n't only for you , i tried to say that apparently according to the reddit hivemind a country can both support isis and get bombed by them . 
  not to agree with the headline but when isis bombed turkey every week hivemind here was telling people that turkey was still supporting isis . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  surprised that sweden did n't make the top 3 . 
   in 1973 us sanctioned turkey they sanctioned us because we were producing more than half of the opium in the world . 
  us starts a war against drugs , turkey is the biggest producer of opium in the world , us pressures turkey , turkey first regulates opium production then completely bans it , with a new government ecevit unlifts the ban , us gets angry and starts to talk about bombing opium farms and sultanahmet mosque ( confirmed by ecevit ) , turkey increases regulations but still no ban , sanctions happen . 
  tl ; dr usa is the reason why i ca n't smoke weed everyday . 
  smoking should 've been a big factor but belgium while being 7th in tobacco consumption per capite they appear to be green . 
  we also have the same saying in turkish ( probably borrowed from you ) although most people still go for rak\u0131 or beer . 
  i remember that post , and yeah you 're right . 
  while he was flying over turkey he loved the scene and took a picture .
