last prime minister we had before binali y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m , tried to go against erdogan on a few matters and before a month he * resigned * . 
  you know , a friend of mine is ethnic greek . 
  he has been to greek several times and that knock on wood was the thing that surprised me the most ( along with mastika , goddamn it 's so delicious i want it in turkey lol ) . 
  it 's a shamanic thing and i guess you borrowed it from us which is unsurprising actually given hundreds of years of cultural exchange . 
  every prophecy is only a guess before you see the light and it gets real ... 
   not genetically , only culturaly . 
  i think also genetically we are n't turks or maybe % 20 percent turks i do n't know how ethnic genetics work . 
  we call ourselves turks but if we were % 100 turk we would look more like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hnhhfhr.jpg ) ( nursultan nazarbayev , president of kazakhstan ) . 
  we also know that our older ancestors were slant-eyed like chinese people of today or huns . 
  culturally , we are not even close to our ancestors as islamic traditions have prevailed over time . 
  we still have some [ shamanistic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shamanism ) traditions such as knocking on wood to keep the bad spirits away when someone talks about death or throwing a cup of water after a passenger goes from our house to wish them to come back safely . 
  but , yeah , a few remaning traditions seems like exceptions to me . 
  anyways , i think we now own anatolia as much as greeks do since we share almost the same gene pool after hundreds of years lol, 
  it does n't matter . 
  just like how we invaded anatolia when it was under byzantine/greek control , greeks also invaded anatolia when it was under hittite control . 
   you 'll be hard pressed to find a city of non-greek origin in asia minor . 
  well , if we are going with the origins , there is istanbul in the first place as there are settlements on the european side dating from 6700bc and on the asian side 5500bc . 
  that means it 's copper age , before the greeks ( thracians to be precise ) . 
  well apparently i misinfered that picture . 
  i thought it was lithuanian army marching in berlin . 
   so in lithuania 95 % of jews were exterminated damn , also til . 
  in my book secular people do n't vote for non-secular parties . 
  only thing that keeps akp and mhp act like secular is the constitution . 
  and , yes , i live in izmir , turkey . 
   i 'm getting infected by cringe the more i read your comments . 
  why is that lol ? 
  i 'm 24 by the way , not sure why you brought it up though . 
  no offense but til that lithuania participated in wwii . 
  it 's iraq dear wannabe finland citizen . 
  normally significant , yes . 
  according to erdogan , no . 
  you are not a country , erdogan is right confirmed . 
  greeks did n't originate in anatolia so i think we better give anatolia back to hittites . 
  depends on the city but overall i 'd say % 20-25 of the population is secular . 
  cyprus ? 
  you mean island turkey ? 
  mmm , delicious . 
  they believe it . 
  if this was the only thing you 've heard in schools you would also believe it . 
  nova roma better, 
  if you win you get your freedom but you got ta be prepared for the worst if you lose . 
  yeah well since they rebelled . 
  if that 's the case , then why not the subtitles ? 
  you get even more emotions and you also learn english better that way . 
  now make vaporizers legal to import . 
  well vaporizers are illegal here so ... 
  i do n't know man . 
  if they decide to let us in in this moment i 'm not sure what erdogan would do lol, 
  i mean would you look at that [ glorious bastard ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gziio2d.jpg ) ? 
  vpn and dns helps . 
  but in the workplace some people do n't have access to these . 
  agreed with the 1980 coup and khomeni making iranian population more secularist . 
  i also feel like erdogan made turkish population more secular because we took it as a given before erdogan but now we know that it 's something that we need to protect . 
  huh !, 
  what holocaust ? 
  guess they all died from cancer during a war huh ? 
  i did n't mean that turks faced a different kind of discrimination and i 'm sorry if i gave the impression that i 'm claiming things about germans , that was n't my intention . 
  i also did n't mean physical discrimination but verbally so living unharmed does n't really help . 
  what i tried to say is that against the discrimination , which still happens today considering the guy who shot people in munich ( ? ), 
  was a victim of this , probably better than the past though , turks formed their own communities given the freedom to form . 
  i mean is n't that normal ? 
  they went there to provide the manpower to germany without even knowing german . 
  i 'm too tired atm to argue , but let 's say you are right . 
  why do n't for example laz people claim the same things that kurds claim since they also are a minority living in turkey ? 
  just wondering . 
  it 's almost like every nation is different and has it 's own characteristics !, 
  anyways , relax , it was n't an argument i just pointed out another reason . 
  also how do you know that if it 's the same kind of discrimination ? 
  have you ever experienced that before by living in another country or are you throwing the words around ? 
   i ca n't speak for the yanks , but the canadian public is fairly aghast at what has happened in turkey over the last year or so . 
  even half of the turkish people are against the events that happened in the last few years . 
  we ca n't be sure what they agreed on but if i were assad i 'd trust turkey more than isis or ypg because turkey is a sovereign country not a terrorist organization like isis or hand of a terrorist organization like ypg . 
  oh come on , turkey and ethnic cleansing ? 
  never heard that before !, 
  there are n't . 
  it seems like we either end the gulen movement or we let them be the same shit again in a few years . 
  i just realized that you were n't talking about the turks living in europe . 
  guess i 'm too foolish anyways eh . 
  i got all offensive against reddit recently because you know the turk hating hivemind . 
  i thought you did something similar so i provided another view on the subject . 
  no offense taken and sorry that i misunderstood you . 
   the dutch media really hate erdohan i ca n't blame them . 
  under akp rule which is completely corrupted and gulen supported at that time , yeah . 
  i 'm not a fan of erdogan too for good reasons lol but even then i prefer him to gulen . 
  you see , this is the first time i saw all of turkey agreed on a topic as far as i remember with the exception of gulenists of course . 
  use google , it 's free . 
  while what you said is mostly correct you are missing a big part . 
  there was discrimination towards turks when they first arrived to europe up to a point of racism and this led them to build their own societies . 
  i did n't experience this from the first hand , my grandfather lived in germany worked in a bmw factory and came to turkey after a few years quitting his job because of this discrimination , but what i 'm seeing through internet makes me believe that it happened . 
  i 'm not saying it 's all europeans ' fault but it 's not all turks ' fault either like you implied . 
  if they did n't , we could never have d\u00f6ner kebab today ... 
  well most of the turks living in europe are the descendants of the people likes of who we are dealing with here . 
  the city you mentioned for example , konya , is probably the city where akp is the strongest in turkey . 
  there are people in turkey who both follow their traditions and be modern , just not in places like konya . 
  i also support merkel up to a point on this matter . 
  i do n't want turks living in europe to become another german or austrian or belgian etc i want them to be german-turk , without leaving their roots but also fitting in the country . 
  germans have every right to expect this just like how we expect syrians in turkey to fit in . 
   you also wo n't see them at mass demonstrations waving their national flags . 
  either you do n't follow the recent news and act naive or i 'm being too foolish to see your sarcasm there . 
  yeah , i think osama bin laden is the greatest freedom fighter of our age .
