  demir 4 . 
  aslan/arslan ( aslan is more common though ) weird thing is i 've seen ayd\u0131n ( enlightened , intellectual ) surnamed people more than y\u0131lmaz . 
  but still most of the surnames here edgy , our pm 's surname is y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m ( thunder ) , mine is barut ( gunpowder ) , there are lots of \u015eahin ( hawk ) , do\u011fan ( falcon ) surnamed people . 
  i did n't watch the semi finals this year but i thought you guys liked him before that . 
  but that 's not the real islam !, 
  mosques are only buildings , they ca n't be extremist or decent . 
  instead of punishing or firing the extremist people working in mosques , trying to close them ... how is that even a solution ? 
  you know , that 's why people hate the usa . 
  mostly by helping them . 
  same way with other cults . 
  they help them , make them think that gulenists are all good guys , they recruit them . 
  it 's not rocket science and they were n't hiding it . 
  oh and of course there are some gulen supporters just to gain a position or to get rich . 
  some of them are like that while some of them are innocent and gets manipulated . 
  in my high school years they tried to recruit me too . 
  i was n't even a muslim so i did n't care a single bit however a friend of mine joined them . 
  last i heard of him he was appointed as a teacher in a gulenist private school right after he finished the university . 
  i do n't know what happened to him and i do n't care . 
  you see , if you pursue power through unjust ways you need to be prepared to get purged . 
   pkk does n't do terrorism because it 's fun . 
  yeah it 's a known fact that most of the eu leaders are actually muslim . 
  that 's really smart dude . 
  you should totally go for the politics career , i 'm sure you 'd make middle east the most peaceful place on the earth with these ideas . 
  10-15 years ago it was a serious thing but recently it 's kind of a joke . 
  people here see joining to the shangai five more possible than joining to the eu . 
  is it good ? 
  i 'm looking for a good anime since a while , saw paprika but could n't bring myself to watch it . 
  russia defense companies also do their work and i 'm pretty sure that their tech is better than ours since they actually have a long weapon and armed vehicle crafting experience . 
  in a complete war we would eventually lose without the support of nato or the western world because war is more about the sustainable economy and without the western support for us , russia has the upper hand . 
  but we do n't live in the medieval world anymore and there is something called nationalism . 
  and as you know we turks are one of the most nationalist countries in the world so even if we lose the war there is little to none gains for russia there considering the resources they would spend to fund the war . 
  we know this , the russians know this , i do n't know why people still talk about a imaginary war between russia and turkey . 
  we are waiting until the day erdogan dies or some kind of miracle happens and the people here starts to see what kind of a person he is . 
  until then unfortunately we are unable to do anything . 
  the thing is that democracy can be the bane of a country if there are uneducated/ignorant people as much as the educated ones . 
  a weird but good example for that would be the brexit vote . 
   vapaa vankka vakaa sounds great when you pronounce it in turkish . 
   that 's because `` i 'm going '' and `` i go '' usually exist as a single form in other languages partly correct for us . 
  present tense exists in turkish but we use continous tense even when common sense would require present tense . 
  for example , `` i am going to school every day ( her g\u00fcn okula gidiyorum ) '' and `` i go to school every day ( her g\u00fcn okula giderim ) '' both are perfectly fine in turkish , but the latter sounds like something from a 50-60s movie . 
  feels good to be compared to the uk instead of saudi arabia once in a while ... 
  now i 'm all teary ... 
  good . 
  let 's hope that whole europe follows the examples of the netherlands and germany . 
  it 's been enough that you guys put up with erdogan 's shit . 
  yeah well with the corruption that has been going on here they might as well not give citizenship and yet make them vote yes . 
   adieu brilliant . 
  at least it looks really nice . 
  try going there every summer ... every summer i feel like \u0130zmir is the hottest place on the earth before i go to silifke for vacation . 
  when i return to \u0130zmir it feels nice and cold . 
  hopefully russian response will be as interesting as this one . 
  this one never fails to crack me up, 
  i think you just killed him . 
  that 's so 90s man , blaming it on germans is where it 's at right now . 
   iirc more than half of the exports was in the hands of armenians , a large number of publishing houses were armenian owned , etc i do n't really remember the numbers but you are correct that most of the business during ottoman empire were in the hands of armenians , jews and greeks . 
  that 's probably the reason why most of them did n't leave after the genocide since there are still lots of armenians , jews , greeks living in istanbul . 
   can you imagine a turkey today with an armenian dominated business and economy class rendering a stronger armenian elite than a turkish one ? 
  i think that 's not possible . 
  sure , armenians would start much more ahead . 
  but the main reason why non-muslims were more succesful businessman then muslims is that their education was better . 
  during the 19th century ottomans finally started to give a few fucks about their people 's well being and they built some modern schools for muslims too . 
  before that huge majority of muslims did n't even get education . 
  iirc less than % 10 of the population was able to read and write and most of those people were non-muslims . 
  there is a reason why literature developed in the ottomans only in the later half of 19th century and not before . 
  not to discredit armenians , do n't get me wrong . 
  or any other ethnicity . 
  turks were n't interested in modern stuff , they were n't interested in getting an education and they were content with the way they were . 
  also most of the modernism attempts by turks were blocked by \u015eey\u00fclislam ( minister of islam or smth ) . 
  they were n't able to operate a bank because interest is considered haram . 
  after 1923 education and modernism ( secularism , woman rights etc. ), 
  was the main priority of the new republic but even then most people did n't let their kids to get even primary education . 
   well turkish also alludes to an ethnicity and probably is one of the reasons for the many problems this has caused . 
  in english when we refer to our ethnicity we use turk usually and when we refer to our citizenship we use turkish . 
  but in turkish both are the same so yeah that caused problems , especially with kurdish seperate movement . 
  recently many people tend to use `` t\u00fcrk vatanda\u015f\u0131 '' meaning `` turkish citizen '' to refer to citizenship to be more pc but it 's not common enough yet . 
  answer a : first country with turk in it 's name was founded , g\u00f6kt\u00fcrk ( turkic ) khanagate . 
  we fought with chinese , expanded our borders [ from mongolia to black sea . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_khaganate ) they were overthrown by another turkic tribe , uyghurs but they left something very precious : orkhon inscriptions , the first written record of turkish and our only turkish record of what our ancestors were up to . 
  answer b : goddamn byzantium why you no fall, 
  i do n't know man i think germany will definitely will win this war , we should fight besides them so that we make balkans great again !, 
  when it snows in izmir we consider it as a cold winter . 
  dude is on fire !, 
  so , what you are saying is that their fate was inevitable and all they did was to fight against that but it ended up as fastening their end ? 
  there are proofs about what talat , enver and cemal pashas said but even then i think what you 're saying sounds too extreme as those proofs are from 1915 and not before . 
  you need to provide more evidence for this claim because `` they were in favor of a turkish state '' does n't cut it since atat\u00fcrk was also in favor of such a state but he did n't carry out any genocides against any nation . 
  in my own opinion , the three pashas were so idealist ( panturkism up to a point of racism ) that they caused harm to everyone including turks living under ottoman empire . 
  but even then what you 're suggesting seems too extreme to me . 
   well defined turkish nation turkish nation is n't well defined , even now . 
  we are citizens of turkey republic but that 's all . 
  there are kurds , laz people , georgians , assyrians , armenians , greeks , syrians , arabs , bulgarians etc. 
  living here . 
  our approachs on this subject is that as long as someone calls himself turkish he is turkish . 
  there is a saying of atat\u00fcrk on this matter `` ne mutlu t\u00fcrk ' \u00fcm diyene ! '', 
  meaning `` how happy is the one who says i am a turk/turkish ! '' . 
  maybe it sounds racist but as we are all turkish it 's actually not . 
  you misinterpreted the analogy , it does n't really matter though because i do n't get what you 're trying to prove . 
  i did n't deny the genocide , i did n't call armenians the only responsible for that . 
  what ottomans did was logical up until it went extreme and became a movement of killing as many christians as possible not only armenians but assyrians too . 
  what ottomans did was triggered by the armenians because ottomans were in a lethal war during that time and can you really imagine them to genocide a nation for no reason at all while they 're fighting for their country 's life ? 
  what do you really expect from the ottomans , just give up their lands to armenians without doing anything ?
