  single handedly freed afgans and iraqis and made middle-east a much better place . 
  god bless terrorist freedom fighters . 
  weird times indeed . 
  considering ypg is also an arm of a terrorist organization called pkk just like isis i 'd say we did good . 
  just because they are n't your problem does n't make them `` freedom fighters '' . 
   kebab world pretty accurate , yeah . 
  yep , if no one takes the responsibility then it 's really isis . 
  if it 's pkk they should take the responsibility in a few hours . 
  turk here , let me provide some insight : * being homo or trans is completely legal . 
  trans people can marry , homo people can not . 
  in fact , there is a running joke `` go to the netherlands if you want to marry '' . 
  not sure why the netherlands though . 
  * bursa is a city in turkey and it 's famous for its trans people because they literally approach you saying things like `` yo cutie wan na hang out tonight ? '', 
  source : lived in bursa * there is public pressure . 
  in some regions trans people have their own societies , in some regions they 're fully accepted in the public . 
  imagine being gay in a redneck town but with islam twist . 
  there are many activists though . 
  * but things are not going for better because erdogan and his followers . 
  there was a murder today , some people raped and killed a trans . 
  * one of the 2 artists you mentioned , b\u00fclent ersoy , changed her gender after she started her career . 
  it was a huge thing at the time because she was the first famous person to do that . 
  since then there are more famous people who did the same . 
  * generally speaking being trans or homo is legal but because of the public pressure lots of them live a painful life . 
  and having a homophobic president does n't help . 
  i 'm proud and even more surprised . 
  i 'd never expect such a thing from the ottoman empire cause the sultan was also the caliph , the pope of the islam world . 
  imagine what would happen today if something like that happened in for example saudi arabia . 
  yep , we 're from central asia . 
  we 're closer to the native americans than to the arabs . 
  okay ... 
  wait for me sweden !, 
  well there are all kinds of people here . 
  and insulting 3rd world countries and middle-east countries is becoming a norm in europe , i do n't get surprised anymore . 
  i think this is what it takes to be a criticizing media . 
  i also heard that every different act is counted as different crimes and this also increases the rape cases in sweden . 
  for example , raper tries to kiss , that 's 1st crime . 
  if he tries to forcefully make him/her get naked that 's 2nd crime . 
  i 'm sorry to break it to you but pyd is actually pkk . 
  wow breaking news , right , right ... 
  the thing is even though western media likes to publish turkish state oppressing kurds news it 's quite different in nature . 
  first of all , turkish state does n't go for kurds in general but pkk supporter kurds . 
  turkish state does n't go for massacres or purges in kurdish populated cities instead they try to clear those cities from pkk and it 's supporters to help the kurds of that city in the first place . 
  even if hdp has clear ties to pkk , turkey let them to be in the parliament because they 're openly hostile but they 're part of this country and ignoring them would be even more harmful . 
  lots of misunderstandings and misinformations on this matter in europe , then you see a comment here `` but pkk is freedom fighters god bless pyd turks kill kurds anyways '' disregarding the fact that pkk is west supported . 
  it was aimed at the police station , there is no official announcement yet but i 'm % 99 sure it 's pkk . 
  precisely . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it 's because mhp as a party is nationalist , they embrace every turkish person not just turks . 
  you can be a kurd , assyrian or armenian born and lived in turkey and they 'd have no problems with you , they share the same basic principles as ataturk on this subject . 
  of course there are some extremist supporters and nationalism as a concept is being confused with racism here . 
  akp on the other hand is n't nationalist . 
  but as you may know their supporters are n't known for having clear politic thoughts except that erdogan love , so there are some of everything amongst them , even secularists . 
  some of them do n't even care about races but some of them are openly racists . 
  ca n't disagree . 
  from what i 've heard though , so far gulenist purge is going successfully . 
  i mean there were 3 gulenist teachers ( they were n't even hiding it because gulen and tayyip were like high school lovers during that time ) in my high school , all 3 of them are under custody and 1 of them is already in jail . 
  i think the fact that most of the gulen supporters were open about it a few years ago makes things easier . 
  i 'm not sure about people who left gulen movement in the last years though , i hope they remain safe . 
  i do n't really trust our government ( who does lol ) but i ca n't do anything other than trusting in them in this matter . 
  from what i see most of the younger people get along with no problems but elders seem like still hostile to other ethnic people . 
  well of course i 'm excluding kurds because recently just like how people here bash turkey , turks here bashing kurds for the things pkk do . 
  unfortunately youngers also do this . 
  it 's actually very sad . 
  oh , yeah , i forgot that most of the turks living in europe are almost blind followers of erdogan . 
  i 'm all for crippling gulen supporters but protests , threats etc. 
  are things that we expect from erdogan supporters , i completely understand you . 
  i feel like i should 've said that `` whole of a very divided nation such as turkish people '' instead of `` whole nation '' . 
  death penalty wo n't happen . 
  even if it somehow happens by a miracle , it ca n't work backwards . 
  we may be fucked up but there are still laws here . 
  you know , weird thing is erdogan is acting kinda pleasant after the coup . 
  for the first time he praised ataturk , akp mayors printed ataturk posters , akp supporters began to praise chp ( biggest opposition party , secular and kemalist ) on some matters , tayyip met up with opposition leaders and got fucking advices . 
  it 's pretty scary when i think about it . 
  well erdogan did n't change but european approach to him certainly did . 
  it 's not like he became an islamist and a wannabe dictator suddenly . 
  i hate erdogan , and i actually wanted a coup against him but after the coup i wish i did n't . 
  i prefer this shitty people ruling us to a junta . 
  coup is not a solution . 
  it only leads to worse problems in the long term if not immediately . 
  so stop with this `` oh i wish the coup succeeded '' bullshit . 
  i know that to you it seems like an issue that is far away like a movie just like how boko haram seems like a fiction stuff to us , but this time it 's real to us . 
  i do n't know . 
  i feel like erdogan would n't give up on a chance to purge secular people here along with gulen supporters . 
  oh and if this was a coup done by both gulen supporters and secularists it would n't be as pitiful as it was like being over in a few hours etc. 
  the thing is turkish people are being reactive against gulen supporters . 
  research what they 've done in the last 20-25 years before you pity on them . 
  i mean i have not seen any comment that 's about protecting gulen and his supporters from a turk here in reddit but europeans still see them as innocent victims and like just another minority . 
  not to blame you but if you see a whole nation united against a minority i think that means that minority is fucked up . 
   oh wait , `` i 'm a kurdish immigrant '' pls . 
  it has nothing to do with this . 
  like every other government in the world . 
  erdogan being pleasant is actually getting scary . 
  strawman , at it 's finest . 
  from what i know most of them do n't speak greek anymore or they speak greek very little . 
  for example i had a friend in my first year at the university , he is a greek , his grand-grandfather came to turkey during the population exchange as he was a muslim greek . 
  he knows some greek , he says he can communicate with them but not entirely . 
  i 'm guessing there are more like them but i do n't have the official numbers ( not sure if even the state has official numbers for them ) and that 's why i said `` probably '' in my earlier comment . 
  we probably have more than 1.6 millions of greeks in turkey though because greeks that became muslim during the ottoman era came to turkey alongside with the turks living in greece while many greeks did n't even leave turkey . 
  seems like what we have with the greeks . 
  turkish translates of these surnames : 1 .
