you confirmed my quote . 
  well , i 'm on vacation , so i wo n't bother explaing the genocides commited by serbs against muslims in fo\u010da region in 1943 , against hundreds of thousands of serbs in independent state of croatia 1941-1945 , agains muslims of srebrenica in july 1995 and serbs of krajina in croatia in august 1995 . 
  i wish you a joyfull , happy life , and christ already knows about all what has been destroyed and about all that have been killed . 
  at least he will have no mercy towarda lies when the day comes ... 
  * there would be no war if we did n't want one * ( rata ne bi bilo da ga mi nismo \u017eeljeli ) franjo tu\u0111man , 1st president of croatia , may 1992 , ban jela\u010di\u0107 square , zagreb , croatia, 
  that i agree . 
  yes , they `` liberated '' it from 250.000 serbs . 
  but of course , because us generals were the mastermind of their tactics , the int . 
  tribunal liberated the croatian generals after appeal , although they were at first found guilty . 
  and do n't even think i like or aprove of the many , many , serb crimes , but this `` celebration of victory '' is propostrous . 
  at least when christ comes for the 2nd time , everyone will find out the * whole * truth . 
  it 's a 1985 patriotic movie . 
  most nations on earth produce that form of entertainment and light propaganda ... * sigh *, 
  fake news , 
  i think the tent is mutimir 's  i understand most of it , but we could use someone bulgarian to summarize . 
  dude , thanks for you 're effort !, 
  i know many of these things , it 's just that one needs to be strict towards oneself first , then to his family/tribe/nation and then to everyone in the world . 
  thus , it 's necessary to keep pointing out and disagreeing with everything wrong with ourselves , and then with others , in order to slowly achieve a better world . 
  those are not my ideas , wiseguys had that figured out millennia ago , and some of them are quite famous  got ta run now . 
  take care . 
  being a serb , it 's all greek to me ... 
  no , i meant it 's hard to explain why such statements ( and states of mind in general ) exist at all . 
  victim complex ? 
  i 'm not a muslim nor a gypsy ... we might as well stop , it 's been removed ... 
  it all started with discussions ... 
  but almost no one was there to be shocked . 
  and if i saw someone shooting jews or putting poles inside a concentration camp , i 'd be expected to say arguments against it and not just be shocked for a moment ? 
  well , anyway , this has been removed i believe . 
  sorry , nope ... 
  and yet the true question never gets answered ? 
  also , i 'd appreciate if someone from the mod team would care to explain why they allow these posts , and yet ban for genocide denial , which is a thing i really like that they do . 
  this kind of posts are the ones that lead to genocide , potentially . 
  even with that explanation it 's difficult to understand : /, 
  actually , i currently live next to it . 
  i have no problems , and i hope the roma have no problems with me . 
  why delete it ? 
  we could talk about it ? 
  yes , with that i agree . 
  many , many things were illegitimate , but fuck it , all those borders changing - who knew anymore what was legitimate and what was n't . 
  that 's war folks ... 
  well , this is racism ... 
  but i guess that 's ok here . 
  yup , understand you completely . 
  tvrtko jakovina recently said that the creation of yugoslavia was good for the croats at that time . 
  otherwise , italians and hungarians would have taken a part , and dalmatia would have gone to serbia to a significant degree . 
  the problem is the `` lako je biti general posle bitke '' syndrome . 
  now that we know how things turned out , we are prompt to invent different narratives and imagine what the people and politicians felt and wanted at the time , in order to justify the current ( mostly bad ) situation . 
  the bottom line is : 1 . 
  croats need to , at least for a minute , appreciate the fact that the victorious serbian army and leadership at that point in history in late 1918 had the diplomatic and military ability and willingness to create a state that allowed that the majority of croats stay in one country , where they 'd , at least formally , be equal partners - kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenians 2 . 
  the serbs need to realize that it was n't just their good will and nobility that made yugoslavia possible , but rather a lot of ambition and greed from the king and a circle of people around him , that wanted to rule a state far greater then they could handle . 
  a state of the ~ same people , but whose parts lived through centuries of different foreign influences , divided into 3 religions ... a state doomed to fall apart . 
  it was n't abolished but it was far from a stakeholder by late november . 
  the national council was your de facto parliament at the time , and it encompassed a number of sabor delegates . 
  i pretty much agree with everything you said . 
  i 'm also sure a-h would have improved over time , like the entire world tends to ( at least i believe ) . 
  in a way , yugoslavia endedup being a sort of a-h 2.0 . 
  to me , neither one is heroism . 
  the assassination of f. f. and his wife was a cowardly , irrational act , as i described earlier . 
  however , f. f. did represent a state that occupied the land of bosnia , without any right to do so . 
  the assassination of our king was also a cowardly , irrational act . 
  i know they were part of young bosnia , just like everyone else . 
  i did n't imply anything , i just wrote that with a symbolical `` if ever truly '' in order to stress my sadness and disbelief when i see how the majority of them approach the story of young bosnia and gavrilo princip nowadays . 
  ^ this . 
  no , the national council was your parliament at the time . 
  [ on 23 -- 24 november , the national council declared `` unification of the state of slovenes , croats and serbs formed on the entire , contiguous south-slavic area of the former austria-hungary with the kingdom of serbia and montenegro into a unified state of slovenes , croats and serb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_of_slovenes,_croats_and_serbs#creation_of_yugoslavia ) . 
   caused a mini ice age the world needs one of those right now ... 
  sorry , you 're right . 
  he considered himself a serb even in the womb of his mother . 
  * giggles in serbian *, 
  that was after the war . 
  i was talking about the status quo of the black hand before the assassination . 
  no , that was almost 40 years after the events we 're talking about . 
  add the [ ... is fire ] flair . 
  this has 29 upovotes !, 
  the axis of evil , 
   but bosnia was n't serbian land what does serbia have to do with all of this . 
  gavrilo was a yugoslav nationalist and a native to bosnia . 
   but bosnia was n't serbian land , it was ottoman it was n't ottoman , it was occupied by the ottomans ( like serbia ) during the 15th century . 
  and after the ottomans it was occupied by ah , as you say . 
   i highly doubt that the majority of catholics and muslims of bosnia preferred kingdom of serbia over austro-hungarian empire . 
  reading all of the declarations from zagreb and split in 1918 about the unification of south slavs into one state ( not serbia ! , but a mutual kingdom ) makes me think otherwise . 
  also , the black hand , which princip was a member of , had serbian , croat and muslim members and affiliates . 
  nobel prize wining croat ivo andric to name one . 
  yes , i know . 
  but tell that to u/badblueboy146 . 
  * many * serbs consider him a hero , but not * all * . 
  i , for example , am a serb , but i do not view the act of a cold-blooded murder of an unarmed man and woman as heroic . 
  however !, 
  the austro-hungarian empire de facto occupied bosnia . 
  imagine , for example , serbia taking control of , for example , namibia . 
  and then our vice-president , a cool guy wanting to accommodate the namibians into the serbian empire , comes to pay a visit to namibia , and a local guy shoots him . 
  a cowardly act - sure . 
  but killing one of the leaders of the force that 's occupying your country - one ca n't be judged too harshly . 
  yes . 
  the kingdom plaque mentions vidovdan , an important day for the serbs because of the [ kosovo battle myth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo#legacy ) . 
  then there 's no more vidovdan in communist yugoslavia , but the fight for freedom and against oppression remains , and princip is still viewed as a hero . 
  after the war of 1991-1995 , the three peoples within bosnia ca n't find a common ground for pretty much anything . 
  the serbs still view princip as a hero , and the bosniaks ( who are the majority in sarajevo ) have distanced themselves from princip 's ideas and actions ... 
  at this historic point gavrilo princip forbode freedom , on vidovdan the 28th of june 1914 2 . 
  from this place on the 28th of june 1914 gavrilo princip with his shot expressed the people 's protest against tyranny and the centuries-long aspiration for freedom of our peoples 3 .
