  from this place on the 28th of june 1914 gavrilo princip assassinated the heir to the austro-hungarian throne franz ferdinand and his wife sofia also , the first picture shows hitler in 1941 being presented with the 1st plaque as a birthday present, 
  it was my understanding that an absolute majority (  50 % ) of people in ulster want to stay in the uk - am i wrong ? 
  way to go , place moruroa in the balkans \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  observe the croatian banana around bosnia . 
  a more interesting map is the number of rainy days . 
  good question . 
  being a former republic of yugoslavia in the balkans , it was often frowned upon for being the most developed part of the country , contrary to the other parts , like the czech republic . 
  melania trump is kinda famous nowadays , but bratislava is kinda boring . 
  one should visit the tatra mountains , zakopane is a great place there . 
  unfortunately , unlike croatia , slovakia does n't get to have a sea coast . 
  that site is pure gold ... 
  i do believe i 'd enjoy any decent pub more that the harry potter whatever . 
  i know it 's a popular vote . 
  erm , out of everything in the uk - the harry potter studio tour ?!? 
  ok , folks , it 's time to wrap things up ... 
  democracy is definitely under siege , at least in serbia . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 is slowly gaining 100 % control of everything that goes on in the country . 
  however , bare in mind , the author of the text , jeremi\u0107 , was vu\u010di\u0107 's opponent in the april presidential elections , and thereby holds a massive grudge against him . 
  and those of us who live in serbia remember very well jeremi\u0107 's time as the minister of foreign affairs - a typical young self-promoting , unbearably ambitious , me , me me , type of guy . 
  also had nationalistic statements back then and now in the presidential campaign . 
  still better than vu\u010di\u0107 though ... 
  you mixed up blue and red . 
  also , i agree , not gon na happen . 
  i find it hardly likely . 
  ca n't imagine how much this would cost , how much time it would take to construct , all the political issues ... 
  these are just old fairy-tales . 
  wow , serbia is like in serdica/sofia . 
  also , is it just me , or are we getting a historical map of poland every week ? 
  not that i mind , 
  nope . 
  but a quarter japanese sure can . 
  poland can into commonwealth . 
  without any evidence , i say the map is pretty good . 
  for serbia , albania , montenegro it really is like this in a lot of ways , and not just because the neighboring state has a lower or higher score . 
  you can have the cross , but strojimir stays with us . 
  as for the former communist countries , can confirm this is not in any of the former yugoslav republics . 
  yeah , like in * kyrie eleison * . 
  yes , that 's why i said from nature ... 
  yes , except for smalpox , which has been eradicated in nature . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i said `` under byzantine supremacy '' , because the serb principality was under byzantine rule at the time of strojimir . 
  therefore , this is not true statehood , and the coins were probably only byzantine ones ( this should be checked with historians ) . 
  1st world problems ... 
  do n't have the figures here , but the economic downfall of the 2nd half of the 70s , which i 'm talking about , was followed by the rise of debt and new loans . 
  the effect of this started showing by cca 1982 , as the debt crisis . 
  in theory yes . 
  in practice , the form of management of major companies was changed in the early seventies , on the pretext that * samoupravljanje * was in danger - the people who had the know-how were taken down , and companies started relying more heavily on workers committees and councils ( on paper ) and on suitable and obedient party member ceos ( in practice ) who had little idea how to run a company . 
  what i did n't mention above , not wanting to have a too lengthy post , coinciding with these early 70s shifts was a relatively sudden change in the direction of economical and industrial exchange - yu started once again cooperating more tightly with the ussr , which was hurtful to the economy . 
  why ? 
  it would take me half an hour to explain , and even then i 'd maybe be wrong . 
  tito and brezhnev were the last ones to truly know the reasons . 
  hahaha , my thought exactly . 
  more about [ strojimir and the seal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strojimir ) . 
  on july 11 , 2006 , the serbian government bought a byzantine-styled seal in solid gold weighing 15,64 g , most likely belonging to strojimir ( klonimir 's father ) , at an auction in munich . 
  it has a greek inscription ( ke boi\u0398 ctpohmip , `` god help strojimir '' ) and a patriarchal cross in the centre . 
  it most likely dates to the second half of the 9th century , between 855/56 and 896 , when klonimir tried to take the serbian throne . 
  well yeah , obviously , that was always present . 
  not just some croats and slovenians , many kosovo albanians as well . 
  also , many serbs never accepted a commie yugoslavia , godless , without a serb king and crown . 
  to do with what ? 
  i know , i agree ... 
  the economy was the main problem . 
  everything was , more or less , fine until 1971-1974 . 
  in these 2-3 years , maspok leaders were overthrown in croatia , `` the liberals '' were overthrown in serbia , but , most importantly , cca 6000 then called `` techno-managers '' , which were successful ceos of companies , were declared capitalist traitors , heretics etc and replaced . 
  instead , the concept of `` samoupravljanje '' or self-management was introduced , allowing for even the janitors to have a say in the company 's plans and decisions . 
  this crippled the industry , which was , by 1979 , on its knees . 
  yet people still believe everything went south after tito 's death in 1980 . edit : spelling, 
  * sigh *, 
  i know slovenia , but had yugoslavia stayed together , * maybe * we could have joined earlier , as a sign of , `` good will '' , `` triumph of the west against communism '' etc. . . sfry had some international reputation back then . 
  of course , this is pure speculation , the war and rising nationalisms were , it unfortunately seems , inevitable . 
  thanks ... god damned war crippled us for decades . 
  ( when i say us i mean bosnia , kosovo , montenegro , croatia , serbia ... ) . 
  were it not for the war , we could have joined in like the early 90s . 
  for example , i 'll remind you that the serbian dominated kingdom of yugoslavia under the serb dynasty karadjordjevic was the only country that had no diplomatic relations to and did nor recognize the ussr as a state until ww2 began . 
  boy , i love norwegians ... 
  yeah . 
  we ( serbs ) also called it `` big be\u010dkerek '' - veliki be\u010dkerek ... 
  yeah , i got that . 
  ana brnabi\u0107 be like : `` gajim guju u njedrima '', 
  it has viking graffiti though ... 
  ok , thanks !, 
  what year did you take into account as the `` start of poland '' ? 
  edit : also , great job !, 
  i 'd like to see this for serbia , but it would take me ages to make it . 
  traveling from belgrade to the montenegrin seaside by train ? 
  i hope you 're religious . 
  racism ... 
  it 's equally bad whatever the reason they 're doing it for . 
  i 'd refrain from tying any mass murder with the teachings of jesus christ / the prophet etc. 
  i could say the crimes of isis are religiously motivated , and then someone will think true islam suggests performing those horrors , and it does not . 
  had ratko mladic been true to his confessed faith , he would n't have ordered this massacre ( and being an army general in communist yugoslavia tells me he probably was n't the religious type ) . 
  the crimes , as stated here earlier , were motivated by ethnicity and land grab . 
  which does n't make them any less terrible . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'll gladly edit - whats horrible about my word choice ? 
   religiously motivated would you please care to explain how this is a religiously motivated event ? 
  more precisely , which followers of which religion following which rule/dogma/suggestion of that religion committed this ? 
  prayers for the victims and their families . 
  a horrible event . 
  nor regarding kingdom of yugoslavia .
