  right . 
  not permanent ? 
  i am one of the young people of this country . 
  this has been going on for close to a decade now . 
  it only got worse . 
  it never showed any sign of improvement . 
  in fact , it got worse every single year . 
  and the ez want it to get even worse . 
  the econony is not being saved when nobody has a job . 
  it may show that on the books , and any minuscule surplus will be used to pay off debt immediately . 
  nothing circulates . 
  nothing is revitalizing the way people live . 
  if by `` not permanent '' you mean that it will `` only '' last 40 years , and you expect me to accept that , you are insane . 
  21 year olds should n't be depressed and have no semblance of a future or any hope of starting their own family until they die . 
  this is not a solution , it is slavery . 
  if the only solution the ez can come up with is to enslave us , they are welcome to come here in person and try it . 
  you `` cry '' for noone . 
  you do n't give a fuck . 
  you are a hypocrite . 
  we 're done . 
  fuck you . 
  what a load of crock . 
  did any eu politician actually dispute v 's claim that they wanted him removed ? 
  because i did n't hear anything . 
  nobody said a word afaik . 
  why the fuck would n't they if he was lying ? 
  were they helping him cover his ass because they are his good buddies ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  how you can claim anything was working when you have 60 % youth unemployment is beyond me . 
  it 's like saying the cold medicine you gave someone caused them prostate cancer , but it was working because they started caughing slightly less . 
  what the hell is wrong with this subreddit ? 
  please educate us on the virtues of this program when 60 % of us ( + those in army service + those who are still in universities , so more like 80 % ) have been unemployed for 6 years . 
  come back and lecture us when you 've had your 500th job search and the only thing you have found is pro bono phone sales . 
  you fail to understand that we would rather burn everything to the ground just for a 1 % chance that something new will grow instead of continuing like this . 
  too bad the referendum and its results were pointless . 
  tsipras will sign an agreement , because he does n't see another option , and when it becomes obvious that nothing will change once again and we are expected to pay when we have nothing , our anger will drown everything . 
  for real this time . 
  if you torture a human being for 6 years and then give him a gun , he will fucking shoot you , and then himself . 
  do ... you ... understand ... ? 
  you are obviously 15 years old and lack basic reading comprehension skills , or have pathological hatred for a country 's people , enough to generalize like that . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  no , i do n't think anything like that is going to happen , because , as i said in my original post ( which you ignored in order to spew infantile hate ) it is not an option . 
  also , `` our shit '' ? 
  fuck you . 
  really , and how would you do that ? 
  my sister has a permanent position as a doctor in a german hospital , how would you stop me from giving her 10,000 every time she visits ? 
  ( the maximum amount she is allowed to carry without declaring ), 
  maybe not tuesday , but this week there will be an agreement and the banks will open . 
  there is no other option . 
  if they do n't open this week , they will just not open at all , which will shortly lead to civil war , and whoever wins will start printing euros without permission , which will lead to a european war . 
  those are not options . 
  for anyone . 
  that 's good , he did n't do much apart from saying incendiary things . 
  tsakalotos as head of the negotiating team has been doing most of the actual work and he is more diplomatic and suitable for the position . 
  that is not what i said . 
  at all . 
  most of the responsibility is within . 
  also , ungrateful ? 
  who do you think i am , a reporter from the bild ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  nick tzianis was one of them . 
  he left a note , in which he wrote that he wishes his blood becomes a river that drowns everyone who brought the country to this state . 
  you may not have heard of them , but we have . 
  he will get his wish soon . 
  you are so fucking clueless that debating you is a waste of time that i would rather spend worrying if i 'll have food in 2 months . 
  just fuck off . 
  oh , we listen to the coe now ? 
  funny , i do n't remember anyone giving a fuck when they published their [ paper ] ( https://wcd.coe.int/com.instranet.instraservlet?command=com.instranet.cmdblobget&amp;instranetimage=2664103&amp;secmode=1&amp;docid=2215366&amp;usage=2 ) on the basic human rights violations that are being imposed on countries with austerity . 
  funny how things tend to get phased out when they do n't serve merkel 's interests . 
  my jaw dropped when i read this , then i laughed when i saw it comes from efimerida ton syntakton . 
  you can safely , instantly disregard it . 
  that would make it a 96 hour deadline , not 48 , since those events happened on friday . 
  also there is an extremely big difference between a fiscal deadline that everyone is aware of and needs no reminder , and an ultimatum . 
  tsipras spoke of an ultimatum . 
  tsipras has made some miscalculations , and the referendum is partly an attempt to offload some blame , but i do n't think most greeks would accuse him of lying through his teeth . 
  he had an interview on greek national tv just an hour ago . 
  when he said that , in fact , the greek side was given a 48 hour ultimatum to accept the latest draft , i personally believe him , because i have heard with my own ears how the eu representatives address their greek colleagues and what kind of `` respect '' they show towards another nation . 
  when he said that the greek side backed down on many drafts , many times , until they were offered reassurance that most of the differences have been solved and we are about to agree , only to have last minute massive demands added , i also believe him , because i have seen the drafts that he brought back to greece , and they were not what he intended . 
  it was pretty clear that he had compromised . 
  a lot . 
  and it was n't enough . 
  i would write more , but i 'll leave it at that for now , because it has been a really long , really shitty day and i need to get some sleep . 
  to my knowledge there is no animosity , just frustration and anger , which gets exacerbated whenever certain eu politicians open their mouths and spew threats , lies and propaganda ( like juncker claiming that the draft featured no pension cuts or that noone issued an ultimatum to greece ) . 
  also , exhaustion . 
  people are tired of being terrorized , of insecurity , of monthly evaluations to determine whether they will receive backing or not . 
  of being treated like complete dogshit , while in their everyday lives they are simply doing everything they can to support themselves and their loved ones , like everybody else . 
  this is no way to live . 
  that 's why many are tempted to vote no , because they want this to end . 
  they 'd rather have it all burn to the ground , starve and have to queue up for humanitarian aid than to have this continue . 
  sometimes a broken spirit can be worse than a broken body . 
  that 's because nothing happened yet . 
  if greek capital controls drop the market 5 % , i do n't want to know what a default and uncontrolled exit will do . 
  hitler 's most interesting achievement , that i personally wanted to research , was that he got people to elect him . 
  this i am fascinated by , and it was a combination of exactly his populist rhetoric , the overall political climate , and the circumstances that germany found themselves in during that time period . 
  and i did learn something from my research . 
  that all people , even educated intelligent ones , can be deceived if you know how . 
  this is why i do not hold every german citizen of the time personally responsible for the bloodshed . 
  which is more than i can say about many people on reddit , who believe that by saying `` greeks voted for their governments so they deserve to starve '' they are being clever and edgy . 
  why would you not read hitler 's speeches ? 
  he was responsible for the greatest bloodshed of the 20th century , and not for lack of competition .
