  surely there are some things you can learn from them , some patterns that you can recognize in case they happen to re-appear ? 
  yeah sure , here are his statements shortly after greece was invaded and defeated . 
   thus did mr. churchill commit one of the greatest strategic blunders of this war . 
  as soon as there could be no further doubt regarding britain 's intentions of gaining a foothold in the balkans , i took the necessary steps . 
   germany , by keeping pace with these moves , assembled the necessary forces for the purpose of counteracting any possible tricks of that gentleman . 
  in this connection i must state categorically that this action was not directed against greece . 
  ...  germany had no intention of starting a war in the balkans . 
  on the contrary , it was our honest intention as far as possible to contribute to a settlement of the conflict with greece by means that would be tolerable to the legitimate wishes of italy . 
  ...  god knows that i wanted peace . 
  but i can do nothing but protect the interests of the reich with those means which , thank god , are at our disposal . 
  i made my decision at that moment all the more calmly because i knew that i was in accord with bulgaria , who had always remained unshaken in her loyalty to the german reich , and with the equally justified indignation of hungary . 
  ...  the german armed forces have truly surpassed themselves in this campaign . 
  there is only one way of characterizing that campaign : nothing is impossible for the german soldier . 
   historical justice , however , obliges me to say that of the opponents that have taken up arms against us , most particularly the greek soldiers , have fought with the greatest bravery and contempt for death . 
  they only capitulated when further resistance became impossible and therefore useless . 
  if that 's the kind of rhetoric that varoufakis heard all this time behind closed doors , i honestly ca n't blame him . 
  and i fear that he heard even worse things , if juncker dared to say those things publically . 
  you do n't negotiate with someone that tells you `` i will ass fuck you and there 's nothing you can do about it '' , sorry . 
  i 'm at a loss for words after his statements . 
  completely speechless . 
  i 've heard less inflammatory speeches from hitler , and i 'm not even exaggerating . 
  he lied about what the proposal entailed . 
  the one he publisized yesterday . 
  we ... read ... it . 
  he actually told the greek people that , even though he does n't know what the question is , they should vote yes or they will be annihilated . 
  also that they should n't choose suicide over death . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  i am a fiery supporter of a yes vote as the only sensible option , and even i feel very tempted to vote no now . 
  it 's pretty clear that he is either completely retarded or he plainly wants greece gone . 
  no third explanation that i can think of . 
  it 's pretty clear to me that there 's no negotiation happening here . 
  it never did happen . 
  it was never intended to . 
  it 's just a shit flinging contest by two sides who both chose long ago . 
  with the banks closed , there 's not a whole lot that people can do other than carry on and wait to see what happens . 
  they carry themselves calmly , i 've not seen any overreactions or anything different than usual . 
  the referendum might run into a lot of technical issues though , since the lawyers who are supposed to oversee the voting stations , in the vast majority that i 've talked with , are saying that they wo n't show up because they do n't expect that they will get paid . 
  due to lack of preparation time , the government declared that the same people who carried out the january elections are expected to carry out the referendum as well , without new people getting appointed , but it does n't look like that 's gon na happen . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  what wages ? 
  i only know one friend who has a job ( apart from myself ) and he does logistics , 5 days a week , 7 in the morning till 9 at night , for 450 euros and no insurance . 
  are you being lied to by your media or something ? 
  i mean , if you 're envious of that , you 're more than welcome to come live here ... 
  pensions are slightly higher than normal and are being used to feed 4 people per pension because it is impossible to find any job that is n't sales ( without a salary ofc ) . 
  i happen to be a lawyer . 
  do i have work ? 
  some , yes . 
  too bad noone actually pays me . 
  just ... stop . 
  well yes , you need someone who is familiar with the legislation to oversee the procedure . 
  lawyers are kinda well known for that . 
  they also assume all the legal responsibility for any fuckups that might occur . 
  if something goes wrong at your center , you are so fucked , legally and professionally . 
  you ca n't put that kind of burden on a random guy , and participation is also voluntary for lawyers , but we do it because the pay is satisfactory . 
  no , that does n't fly here . 
  if there 's even a tiny shadow on the legitimacy of the procedure , people will literally eat them alive . 
  i do n't think you can have a referendum within 7 days , it 's simply impossible . 
  the amount of paperwork needed is insane , plus they need to assign lawyers at each voting spot to oversee the procedures ( of which there are thousands ) , and then they need to train them on the technicalities since noone knows the procedures or has carried out a referendum before , noone has any experience . 
  you might think it 's simple , dudes walk in and drop envelopes in a box , but it 's actually pretty complex and there 's a lot to consider and a lot that can ( and must not ) go wrong . 
  even a month is really short notice . 
  i 'm pretty sure there wo n't even be a referendum , it 's probably just pressure to the imf to change the deal . 
  source : i 'm a lawyer who participated in the january elections . 
  he 's not stupid , he knows people will vote for accepting the imf measures out of fear . 
  he just wants to offload his failure to negotiate favorably to the greek people and not have to deal with the backlash . 
  according to the environmental scientists , it will probably be buried under 50 meters of ice . 
  so ... very peaceful . 
  i never said we do n't have responsibility for getting to this point . 
  my post merely describes the situation as it is today . 
  a broken nation that the eu is queueing up to cannibalize in every conceivable way . 
  if you show weakness , the eu will be more than happy to consume you . 
  that 's a fact . 
  the blame is a different discussion . 
  a huge discussion . 
  briefly , i 'll say that i do n't even blame our politicians . 
  i blame us . 
  our mentality towards the state in the last 40 years has been vomit-inducing . 
  we have always been fundamentally antisocial . 
  greeks are not interested in building a strong society , with the rights and responsibilities that that entails . 
  we just want a society that exists around us , that serves us when we need it , and can go fuck itself when we do n't . 
  we have no respect for our fellow man . 
  we only respect ourselves . 
  this is not how you build a strong nation . 
  this is how you build a rabble of fucktards who only take pride in `` gaming the system '' . 
  no , things would n't be different under new democracy . 
  siriza is just claiming to be ideologically friendlier towards human rights because they have to justify the `` leftist '' tag while they are mutilating the greek citizens under eu orders . 
  they are a puppet , just like new democracy was . 
  you ca n't guard the sea ( unless you are trying to torpedo and drown people ) . 
  once they reach your shores , you have to process them . 
  you ca n't send them back to turkey , erdogan whistles indifferently while receiving billions upon billions of euros from the eu , and all he does is allow slave traders freedom to operate . 
  there is no coordination , no unified sending and receiving of people with safety between greece and turkey . 
  also , the greek defence minister is a retard . 
  like , actually retarded . 
  he is a spineless bully ( but only with words ) and a mommy 's boy . 
  nothing he says has any significance . 
  ever . 
  he is only in the government so that the government can form parliamentary majority . 
  pretend that he does n't exist . 
  yes , it 's greece 's fault . 
  it 's not enough that we have become a protectorate , a target for cheap land grabs by hedge funds , a means for the northern banks to funnel money from eu taxpayers into their own pockets by masking it as `` aid '' which never gets here , so they can be bailed out for their poor investments , and are intentionally being kept strangled and underdeveloped with `` austerity '' that taxes 80 % of the people 's income under 65 % youth unemployment .
