  we are also not doing the best job at being a migrant dumping ground for the people that merkel fucking invited here . 
  prepare to be `` reviewed '' guys !, 
  this is not even funny anymore . 
  if they do n't want us in schengen , then they should block us and shut the fuck up . 
  fascist eu cunts . 
  so , just for a couple of decades then . 
  if that . 
  just give them an island . 
  yeeeeah . 
  this is no normal war between two sides where one will prevail soon and then it will all be sunshine and lollipops . 
  there are so many players behind the scenes ( saudis , turkey , eu , us , iran , russia , israel , egypt etc ) that i do n't think they will allow the region to stabilize in our lifetimes . 
  let 's not even mention the catastrophic draughts , climate change and massive overpopulation there . 
  pension cuts are unfortunately necessary at this point , but the government wo n't allow them . 
  instead , with the new insurance bill , they are overtaxing those who happen to have a job , and expect them to pay for everything . 
  which is impossible and skyrockets tax evasion . 
  which further shrinks the gdp and makes everything worse . 
  example : i am a new lawyer . 
  i work at a law firm and make 700 euros a month . 
  that 's 8400 euros a year . 
  if i were to legally declare everything under the new bill , i would have to pay : about 5500 e a year for pension insurance , healthcare and added income tax . 
  about 450 a year for my apartment which i inherited and own . 
  about 150 a year for my car . 
  that leaves me with 2300 e a year . 
  let 's say 200 a month . 
  from those i have to pay about 80 a month power bill ( of which only 40 is power , the rest are communal services tax ) . 
  15 a month for water . 
  30 a month phone and internet . 
  20 a month mobile phone . 
  about 30 a month for gas . 
  about 100 a month for centeal heating and other building expenses for my apartment . 
  we are at -115 euros a month . 
  now i have to buy food and clothes . 
  so yeah . 
  i either tax evade , or i die slowly . 
  not metaphorically . 
  but i 'm sure more austerity will fix it . 
  yup . 
  you are so shockingly clueless on so many levels that you made me feel the start of a headache . 
  thanks a lot . 
  russia would lose such a war in a spectacular fashion , so that 's not really an option . 
  i guess specifically towards putin , since we 've been violating each other 's airspace ( greece-turkey ) for decades , so much in fact that it 's considered a part of pilot training to violate the other 's airspace and practice live engagement tactics . 
  people resign after protests in romania ? 
  that 's cute , we 've burned half the city down like 5 times and noone resigned . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  i was in berlin a few months ago and there were people smoking everywhere inside bars . 
  even pot . 
  i spent a couple of weeks in heidelberg and was walking around the christmas markets while smoking all the time , and the number of times people stopped me to ask me for a smoke reminded me of being in the greek army . 
  as for driving , we drive a lot in greece . 
  even if it 's 15 minutes away on foot , we take the car . 
  that does n't happen in germany for example , people use bicycles a lot , probably because the infrastructure is better and they are not afraid of dying every time they take their bike . 
  we drive a lot , and as a result we are better drivers , and less tolerant of mistakes or delays . 
  compared to most eu drivers , we are on a pro level . 
  i have driven 600,000 km and i 'm 32 years old , and i even try to avoid it whenever i can . 
  have you used a taxi in germany or france or the uk ? 
  the drivers are not nice than ours . 
  but yea , someone who takes the car once every 2 months tends to be more timid and careful while driving . 
  when you drive as much as we do , you tend to adopt a taxi driver 's mentality . 
  you are not afraid of the road or other people in it . 
  as for tax evasion , let 's not open that huge can of worms . 
  i 'll only tell you why i tax evade : because if i did n't , i would financially be in a better spot not working . 
  i am a young lawyer without my dad 's clientelle waiting for me . 
  after the recent tax and insurance changes in greece , it is mathematically impossible for me to be paying all of my taxes and also being able to survive . 
  so i do n't . 
  if mr schauble expects me to work 16/7 to end up making 400 euros a month , he can go fuck himself . 
  simple enough ? 
  this does n't surprise me , what surprises me is that he refuses to recant . 
  this idiocy is the hill he wants to die on . 
  what an obnoxious shitstain . 
  that is not successful integration . 
  at all . 
  it does not happen anywhere . 
  i know greek people who have been living in the us for 5 generations , you think they are unaware of the fact that their ancestors came there from greece 100 + years ago ? 
  they know , and they do keep their customs , amd they are sad that the country has become such a shithole , and they always want to find the time/money to visit it . 
  there is no `` american first '' or `` greek first '' . 
  that 's a fake dilemma . 
  you are both . 
  the term `` integration '' gets thrown around a lot , and i 'm not exactly sure what people mean by it . 
  if by `` integration '' you mean immigrants completely forgetting where their parents came from , how and why , and not giving a single fuck about their origins , then i 'm sorry but that 's not how immigration works . 
  that 's a big misconception spread by people who have never actually been immigrants or know any immigrants closely . 
  you never forget where you come from , unless you despise that place , in which case you are actively trying to forget . 
  forgetting is not the ideal , nor should it be . 
  you bring a part of your home to other people wherever you go , because it is a part of you . 
  to me `` integration '' happens when you can speak the language , have a decent job , have local friends , respect local laws etc. 
  when you become a functioning part of your local community . 
  that does n't exclude caring about your home country , its troubles , its politics , or having positive feelings towards it . 
  and that does n't just go away because you are `` second '' or `` third '' generation . 
  guys i know we 're going through a rough spot at the moment , but we are not literally sinking fyi !, 
  also our english is good enough that the average person under 30 can pirate movies and watch them with just english subs !, 
  i mean , erdogan calling someone a fascist would be like ted bundy calling someone `` violent '' . 
  you have to laugh a little bit . 
  you knew the postwar world order was over when the eu forced greece to implement measures that lead to further self annihilation so that they can more easily pick its bones apart . 
  trump and putin do n't have to do a lot to break this trash heap , we 've done it to ourselves when the concept of a union became `` the rich will get richer at any cost and fuck everyone else '' . 
  do you want to know what everyone south of austria thinks of the eu ? 
  ask them . 
  indeed , for the sultan there is no international law . 
  only the will of the sultan . 
  as for the `` all soldiers are fine '' bit , you 'd better be trolling . 
  it 's not a question of gain . 
  extraditing people to possible torture and/or death is against international law . 
  surrendering them is illegal .
