it was all fun and games until we realized the german planes were actually bombers . 
  see , therein lies the main problem with converting bank debt to eu taxpayers debt ( the post crash bank bailout ) : they perceive the meaning of debt very differently . 
  for banks , debt is a ( very ) long term investment . 
  for taxpayers , it 's money that you owe , and you must pay it back now or fuck you , where 's my money you thief ? 
  a sticky situation , to say the least . 
  jesus christ man , who did this to you ? 
  allow me to step in and verify that this is true . 
  with great sadness . 
  the amount of corruption and nepotism in my country is staggering . 
  there is always worse of course , but everyone here knows this . 
  it 's a joke . 
  and i 'm not talking about the oligarchs here , oligarchs corrupting politicians happens everywhere , but here it 's on another level . 
  example : literally any simple citizen can call the office of most mp 's , claim to be a supporter , and invite them and their team for an extravagant dinner that costs thousands , and they will schedule it . 
  people they 've never met . 
  rinse and repeat a few times every year , and when you call them again with a favor , they will carefully consider it . 
  can some kind of eu meddling fix this ? 
  honestly , no , i do n't think so . 
  this is societal cancer . 
  in order to be fixed , these people need to die ( of old age ) , and hopefully the newer generation operates differently . 
  in other words , it will take time . 
  i do n't know what to say other than that . 
  am i ashamed ? 
  not even half as much as i am furious . 
  today the greek parliament is forced to pass a plan that 1 ) everyone and their dogs know it wo n't work 2 ) the imf rejects , and 3 ) schauble does n't want . 
  europe !, 
  nobody knows what this exactly is or how it will be implemented . 
  the article is nothing but wishful thinking . 
  if i had to guess , this definitely is a fire sale , that 's why people are against it . 
  and not only is it a fire sale , but is in no way in this universe going to pay out as much as 50 bn . 
  this number is lunacy . 
  and if/when people see with their own eyes that this also includes sale of greek land , there will be either a civil revolt or a coup , there is no way in a million years that people will sit back and watch this happen . 
  i do n't have the necessary experience to compare the two , but i do n't see how an iron curtain situation can do worse than intentional humiliation , annexation of all government ( and soon private ) property and hopeless misery for decades . 
  it 's a hypothetical question anyway . 
  we are different . 
  greeks are insane , we ca n't be enslaved . 
  i am positive that this wo n't go through . 
  eu meddling has only 1 purpose , liquifying the country 's assets for peanuts and seizing full control of the paralyzed banks so that they can impose deposit haircuts at will . 
  how will this help exactly ? 
  the eu does n't give a fuck about sanitizing greece , i expect even rocks are aware of that by now . 
  because our new government is just as corrupt as the old governments , only dumber and with a bigger ego . 
  fair taxation , fighting corruption , they are just words . 
  they 've already appointed their own parasites . 
  crushing the low and middle class and throwing them to the dogs is what actually happens . 
  there is no way out for the people through democratic procedures . 
  elections are not exactly useful when everyone is either corrupt , half-mad , or a fucking neonazi . 
  that 's why people are now driven to golden dawn even more . 
  nobody can stand them . 
  everyone knows they are murderers , but there is no way out . 
  nobody here believes that staying in the euro will help . 
  they are just scared shitless that if we do n't , gd will rise , and we will see things that humanity must never see again . 
  there ... is ... no ... 1000 euros . 
  dumbass . 
  who makes that , university professors maybe ? 
  you talk to me with 60 % youth unemployment about 1000 euros ? 
  my best friend does logistics 7 am to 10 pm 5 days a week in a shipping company 30 minutes drive away , for 450 euros a month and no insurance . 
  and he 's lucky . 
  wan na talk to him about 1000 euros ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  wait till you see our taxes ( which i am paying fully , like an asshole , because i 'm not a doctor or an island hotel or the church ) . 
  back it up ? 
  i 'd gladly scan some bills for you , but i 'm visiting parents . 
  someone else can do it hopefully . 
  oh , my apologies , i also own 3-4 lamps , a fan for summer , a notebook , a router , and a phone that i occasionally charge . 
  also the power bill here includes some public services charges . 
  point taken though , i 'm living beyond my means . 
  i should switch to candles and waving a piece of paper around to cool my face . 
  first of all , there is no 1000 euros . 
  second , are you seriously comparing salaries without factoring in the cost of living ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  i 'm sorry , but enough is enough . 
  do you know what 150 euros is in greece ? 
  your power bill if you own a fridge and a tv . 
  i 'd prefer 10 times to live in romania with 150 than in greece with 400 ( and not even that ) . 
  just fucking stop . 
  definitely . 
  probably not the kke , but lots of people will turn to golden dawn out of sheer panic when they see the whole country getting liquified while the debt-to-gdp soars even higher . 
  this is not a memorandum , it 's a raid . 
  do n't worry though , we 'll blame the people again and all will be good . 
  come get it . 
  i 'm pretty sure we will . 
  also , shut the fuck up , 
  here 's our take : we want out . 
  now . 
  after the recent `` proposals '' , with either annexation of government assets by a bank that schauble happens to be chairman of , or `` temporary '' grexit , we are done talking . 
  this is not a counter proposal , this is casus belli . 
  tsipras ca n't sign this . 
  nobody can sign this . 
  he should leave now , come home and make exit plans in a hurry so that people do n't starve or find themselves without electricity . 
  the euro will be over by 2017 . 
  we 'd rather exit together with the rest , because the dismantling will surely come with a lot of debt forgiveness for everyone involved in order to avoid a world war 3 . 
  exiting now , we get none of the benefits and all of the negatives , but there is no other option . 
  it 's over . 
  i used to be more civil around here but that 's deteriorated rapidly along with my mental state because of the recent developments . 
  i find myself lacking the patience to read ignorant statements and oversimplifications anymore and i lash out with words that are not helpful . 
  so i decided to take my leave for a while . 
  i 'm just posting this to say that i hope this all works out for everyone involved so that the idiots who smell blood and are just here to stir shit will go elsewhere and we will be free to debate in a constructive way once again . 
  greeks love debating , we do it from 10 to 100 years old . 
  we may sometimes not have something valuable to say , but we like expressing ourselves . 
  consider it a national hobby . 
  it 's all good , as long as you 're enjoying yourself  twat .
