  their streets at the border to luxembourg are a bit better . 
  i should n't laugh so loud at 3 am in the morning . 
  its the same every time i visit belgium . 
  the street quality is just horrible . 
  even tho the cut between luxembourg and belgium is n't that extreme . 
  and before you ask in / r/germany please check the sidebar, 
  while i also think the article is editorialization , the title in reddit is exactly the same as the title on the link . 
  if it is the content that is not reflected by the title , then please write your message like that or it is confusing as hell for everyone . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i just dislike it . 
  they are the proof that political orientation is like a circle , at one point all extremism meets . 
  they are far left tho . 
  green eiffel tower would look dope , but would die very fast . 
  you wanted to know about reoccuring memes and jokes . 
  this is one xd, 
  for questions go to / r/askeurope this is actually 2 answers in one :d, 
  smoking ban is good . 
  it will save lives and money, 
  ask your doctor . 
  he knows . 
  also / r/askeurope is for questions, 
  yeah i know . 
  try to google `` bodensee bregenz konstanz '' you wont see the complete lake , but it will go till the horizon, 
  for everyone who is interested . 
  this is [ lindau ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/88131+lindau/@47.5729138,9.6534293,11036m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x479b0c36dec90e9d:0x4538aafa21612f80!8m2!3d47.5797815!4d9.6789333?hl=en ) you are only seeing a small part of the lake . 
  germany : * the bureaucracy . 
  its mind-boggling how this shit can be so overcomplicated and slow . 
  * the slowness to adapt . 
  germany will always fight against what is new . 
  for example electronic cars . 
  * the politics . 
  politicians are slow af . 
  their priorities are : * 1st the lobbyists , * 2nd their own opinion * 3rd what ever the media says * 4th what the experts say so the results are most of the time not desirable . 
  the hard hitting topics are always ignored ad it might cost voters in the next election . 
  and the worst thing , it does n't matter who you vote for , they are all the same . 
  * state sanctioned projects . 
  may it be bigger projects like the new berlin airport , the stuttgart rail station or the hamburg elbphilharmonie , or smaller projects like a simple road that is being built . 
  they always go above the costs and they always take at least twice as long . 
  calling the organization garbage would be complementing it, 
  in the english language the light in the photo is called flash . 
  while the light from a thunderbolt is called lightning . 
  in the german language we use the same word for both =  blitz . 
  the blitz in blitzer ( traffic enforcement camera ) comes from the part that means photo flash . 
  ffs now there are even bots making fun of me for not being able to spell shit correctly, 
  nope . 
  `` blitz '' as in flash . 
  has nothing to do with lightning . 
  edit : for those english people out there . 
  its pronounced the same as the blitz in blitzkrieg edit2 : fucked up spelling . 
  i feel bad for laughing about this xd, 
  yes but its not really punished . 
  i would like a chance of the laws that puts people that weir full face masks in a `` riot '' under enough suspicion that we can put them in custody ( u-haft ) for a few days . 
  this would solve our problem . 
  this will work exactly once . 
  by the second time the black block is bringing special dye and starts painting innocent protesters as well . 
  also you have to be careful when you shoot them with the dye as the police will get major problems if they ever hit their eyes . 
  also what happens if they simply remove their clothing . 
  i personally really like your idea , specially the siberia part ( even tho my granddad would have me for it as he spend ~ 7 years there ) . 
  i just do n't think it would work with german laws . 
  not enough forces . 
  they just want to destroy shit . 
  those bastards are walking through streets destroying shit . 
  its really hard to figure out who did something afterwards and you are not allowed to just take in everyone . 
  i 'm not sure if this would be enough with german laws . 
  but first they have to get them and they need video or eye witnesses proving they did something . 
  while linking the person on the video to the person they arrested . 
  this is very hard as everyone looks the same, 
  no we should update our laws, 
  the problem is it is very hard to convict those people . 
  they have masks and this makes it very hard to identify who exactly did this and so we can not put them in prison . 
  police can do far to little against those scum . 
  lol , the usa is a political organization ffs . 
  stop acting like it 's a blood oath . 
  i would turn that around . 
  britain was a fair weather ally of europe and betrayed europe . 
  what exactly do you expect ? 
  the european banking system is sitting in the uk and you are making a ton of money from it . 
  yeah i should have phrased it differently . 
  key point still stands, 
  should have phrased that differently . 
  i know that this wont make it easier , but it will prevent the eu from making it harder, 
  yeah but the problem is that it is too easy to get a gun right now . 
  this is working against the restriction of guns the eu is aiming for, 
  how is easier access to guns making it harder for terrorists to kill people ? 
  this video is not available in germany . 
  i know . 
  sadly . 
  once in a while i visit it . 
  and i 'm always talking to people who only protest and do n't think . 
  yesterday i saw a post about the new `` bundestrojaner '' and the sheer stupidity of the comments really freaked me out . 
  people talking about `` massen\u00fcberwachung '' and other shit without even thinking if that is possible . 
  i ` ts fear mongering without senses . 
  i will vote for them . 
  why ? 
  because they are the smallest evil . 
  i honestly do n't see the problem with the surveillance program . 
  so any country that has only one subreddit has a small advantage over countries with an english and a mother-tongue sub, 
  i guess internet is still `` neuland '' in germany, 
  i have seen this argument before . 
  i should have guessed it at `` you fool '' yet this was shortly before going to bed and i was tired af so excuse me missing it .
