  to some part , facism is based in human nature , preying on the weak certainly is . 
  when you get raised that way combined with the cruelty of war you will most certainly become a monster yourself . 
  it is extremly hard to leave all of this behind and even if you manage to do it . 
  you have mostly already done horrible things . 
  have a look in the upbringing of young ss boys and you will understand . 
  i dislike people like that . 
  nazis in germany are an extreme group no doubt . 
  but this girl seems to be part of an extreme group herself . 
  if all we do is just helping those groups to hate each other we will never solve the problem !, 
  you really should have added a nsfw tag xd, 
  thanks . 
  i will visit it at a later date, 
  so they put a database online . 
  but where the fuck can i find it ? 
  edit : i already got the answer . 
  there are areas with limits . 
  in fact most areas are limited . 
  the unlimited areas are in general very safe if the drivers stick to the rules . 
  if there are many accidents in an area there will be a speed limit in the near future, 
  hate me guys but i love the idea . 
  it just doesnt go far enought . 
  i would propose 300 % vat for suggar . 
  not 19 % edit : dont get me wrong . 
  i would still allow free refills . 
  if a fastfood branch is willing to pay it . 
  it must not be that softdrinks are cheaper than water !, 
  ive started drinking coffee at the age of 5 . 
  im not drinking coffee every day and somedays im drinking up to 10 cups . 
  so in average i dont drink more than most . 
  but yeah . 
  my body is soo used to coffee by now . 
  its not that im really getting awake by drinking coffee . 
  you know the point is about quasi nuclear strike capability . 
  this means all the european countries have nuclear weapons in mere hours if we need them . 
  we have the tec we just did n't build them . 
  sitting around on nukes is pretty stupid and costly . 
  every country out there knows they cant destroy europe with nukes before we can fire back !, 
  plus when you shoot at europe you will hit switzerland as well . 
  their bunker-system is so good , that they are able to fireback even weeks later and they have disassembled weapons they just need to assemble . 
  we do n't need nukes anywhere in the world . 
  knowing that a country is able to build them in a very short time should be enough . 
  everything else just invites disaster . 
  i hope le pen wont be voted to office and even if i hope she realizes that building nukes is the second most stupid thing after building a wall to mexico edit : what we do need . 
  is a combined european army . 
  not a german army and a frensh army and so forth . 
  but one european army financed by the eu thus the eu says who pays how much . 
  what we also need is an elected eu parliament . 
  well ... frequent usage . 
  check !, 
  i usually drink coffee while programming . 
  thus it can be alot or nothing depending on the day . 
  true there will be residue while sleeping . 
  the question is if it impacts me that much . 
  true i shouldnt drink that much coffee . 
  and even less in the evening . 
  but well . 
  other smoke , thats my way to ruin my body . 
  why should i be unable to sleep when i drink coffee before ? 
  i mean yeah . 
  you are more awake the next hour or so . 
  but its not like you cant sleep anymore after drinking coffee . 
  f you . 
  i just spilled my coffe laughing xdd, 
  muslims do have to wear the school uniform aswell, 
  depends on what kind of tourist you are . 
  wan na rush through the mayor tourist spots . 
  yeah 3 days should be sufficient . 
  i normally plan 5 days for a city plus 2 days for travel and extras . 
  edit : the reason why i exaggerate a bit , is that many americans think they can see a city in a day . 
  when i say 7 days , they 'll thill think they can do it in 4 . 
  but at least they take a lot more time then before . 
  going from 7am to 1am is a rush in my opinion . 
  not saying this is no fun . 
  you did this 5 days in a row . 
  now think about op who wants to do this for 10 days and he may have to travel in between . 
  yes there are people who can and like to do this . 
  but i think you would agree with me when i call them a small minority . 
  what you counted as eastern europe is still central europe . 
  if you are concerned about terrorism leave america asap !, 
  we do n't even come close the the problems you guys have . 
  choose a maximum of 2 cities . 
  you only have 10 days . 
  a city in 7 days is already a rush !, 
  someone start a survey !, 
  laser weapons wont really help tho . 
  too much energy needed for too little effect . 
  in this case you didnt understand my first reply :  can we please stop blaming our police cause we want clicks ?? 
  we really need our police !, 
  this was not primarily against you , but against the cnn people who wrote this bullshit !, 
  and no my suggestion was in no way offensive . 
  even if it was , who gives a fuck . 
  the world is no safe space where you can feel offensed when ever you need it . 
  then lets make this clear . 
  i dont give a fuck if someone finds x offensive . 
  this is how the world works . 
  it aint no fucking safe space !, 
  if the police does n't do anything they 'll get criticized for a reason . 
  if they do what has to be done . 
  they get criticized for doing the right thing !!, 
  if the statistics show that north africans are more likely to be offenders than none of us have the right to blame the police for doing their fucking work !,
