  its just a different mentality i think . 
  free anything in a restaurant is something really really rare !, 
  some fastfood shops offer free refills now , that 's something new here in germany and people are still not used to it at all . 
  do n't expect to find any restaurant with free water . 
  ( there are some well hidden once tho ) most of our `` drinking '' water in germany is actually sparkling water , someone drinking tab water is pretty weird to us xd ( btw we dont sugar our water , we are not the us ), 
  erdogan is going to piss of europe even more , thus the refugee deal will fail and it will result in erdogan sending thousands of refugees to europe , just make sure you have a syrian passport by then . 
  but everything is connected in some way, 
  can we just count everything in vatican city as one building ? 
  at first i thought it was a joke as the thumbnail is showing a 10 $ note, 
  look at the image , not at the cathedral but at houses that are partly in the shadows . 
  those are all black as the night . 
  this image has been edited !, 
  yeah i noticed it has been tempered with a bit and / u/jtalin confirmed it for me . 
  when you look at the picture you can clearly see that house-sides that are in the shadows are black as night, 
  well you dont need to hurry too much . 
  you have about 3 years to do so . 
  well guess i submit my completly standard house then . 
  given my paint skills i guess i can make it look pretty evil ... 
  it doesnt seem to be that black on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clermont-ferrand_cathedral ), 
  it became fixed . 
  i 'm a software developer myself . 
  i totally get why you need an apple when writing software for osx . 
  when you are talking about `` dev-tools '' your most likely not talking about an ide as for most ides it does n't matter if you use windows of osx . 
  when you work alot with console you probably writing for linux systems . 
  why aint you just using linux ? 
  mac has a second alt key where a standard keyboard has a altgr key . 
  i just hate that they alternate from the standard , it makes just no sense , why would they actively try to f * ck with everyone trying to use a standard keyboard ? 
  when you 're developing software for osx ... in any other case you could just use a linux if you want a unix system . 
  wow i 'm a retard ... fixed it, 
  yesterday i was forced to use a mac in a presentation ( was the first time i touched on in something like 4 years ) and i hit altgr + q like 5 times trying to write an email but i closed the window instead ... then again who in his right mind is using a mac on purpose ? 
  the most important tab tho : `` how to take a screensho ... '', 
  arent those turnouts just a guess based on the last election ? 
  i still believe the turnout was alot lower then 70 % but i 'd guess it would be a little higher then just 35 %, 
  a shame this got removed . 
  this satirical content is exactly what the brits need to read right now !, 
   i 'd checked the polls again in the morning , and remain was ahead , just as it had been for the majority of the campaign . 
  sensible people were going to vote in , and i could have my protest vote . 
  the polls in the morning were like 50:50 with some half percent for the pro side ... this is exactly the time for your protest vote you moron . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble as well as alot of other european politicians want a european federation . 
  i think sch\u00e4ubles plan is a stepping stone for that . 
  i dont think what he does/did is quite as evil as varoufakis describes it . 
  there are always two sides to a story and varoufakis has some pretty radical opinions as well, 
  well thats one stupid monkey . 
  who would have guessed . 
  as for his `` arguments '' / u/jabadabaduh explained it pretty well . 
  are you talking about reddit ? 
  or what are you implying ? 
  yeah it will be bad and britain has to pull some kind of deal or it will go bankrupt and that 's not going to happen . 
  but if they get the chance to toy around for some time , they will seriously upset the markets and this will hurt europe even more . 
  depends on what you voted xd, 
  greetings from germany , national shame will last for generations !, 
  well during the upcoming election , there might be a candidate who says that he will ignore that referendum . 
  if he wins the elections there is a chance you will remain . 
  but : in my oppinion , the eu should kick the uk anyways . 
  your referendum fucked up the marked royally , cheating out of the consequences would be really really stupid !, 
  i do n't think stupidity is a valid reason for banning people . 
  maybe he ment scottland as in they are going to take scottland back ... but then again , i dont think hes that bright, 
  make a referendum to join scottland xd, 
  just move to scottland and come back to us , 
  well after the british seppuku , i guess no one wants a reunification with the uk, 
  if i behead you , will you die ? 
   just have to wait and see , wont we ? 
  same logic xd, 
  you mean freedom from the market ? 
  able to make your own trading agreements ? 
  you do know that there will never be freedom in a political world like ours ? 
  and that your chances for a good contract are higher when there is more money behind it ? 
  so making contracts as the eu will always lead to better results then meaking such contracts only as the uk ? 
  if you want the uk economy to be majorly fucked for the next 2 decades , vote leave !, 
  after the brexit , uk will suffer pretty fast , i can really see everyone turning tails who has a good chance of doing so . 
  afford , well there is alway the eu in the background . 
  ireland and ni are currently not really divided due to eu law . 
  they share an electric system , they have a lot of trade between them and many people are crossing the border daily for work reasons . 
  in case of a brexit all of that would become really costly for both ireland and ni . 
  there will also be around 500km of border to maintain . 
  yes annexing ni is n't cheap , but the alternative is n't cheap either, 
  the again , a united ireland is a real possibility in the case of brexit . 
  this would solve quite a bunch those problems . 
  the current iteration of german politician consists out of people who grew up in post war germany . 
  dont expect them to invest money into the military . 
  just wait for a few more years and that problem will solve itself, 
  not going to happen within the next iteration of german governers . 
  the people that get elected are always kinda old , and as long as they grew up in post war germany , they wont build up the military and honestly , im ok with that . 
  its not like we cant wait for another 5 years, 
  according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures gb spends alot more then germay, 
  sorry to tell you this but we ( germany ) wont even be able to man two supercarriers . 
  dont even think about public oppinion , getting them funded is pretty much impossible, 
  wait , its not as simple as in a video game ? 
  jokes aside , i know its hard but the lack of power from a police man is disturbing to watch, 
  first of all its hard as fuck , but honestly , if i 'd be a policeman , i would just aim my gun at him and be like , man you gon na follow me , you are arrested . 
  if he resist i would just shoot him in the leg . 
  and after 3 days i would loose my job ... cause the system is fucked, 
  oh dont misunderstand me , i think this was an error from high command . 
  the example would be wizna again , why on earth dont you send more soldiers there , its not like you didnt have them . 
  with enought soldiers you could have held that position for more the a week . 
  and there were many more positions like this . 
  this would have given poland more then enough time to organize their second defense line . 
  this war should have taken months , not just barely one . 
  plus historians say that britain would have most likely joined poland if they could have stayed their ground for long enough !, 
  its not like poland wasnt fucked either way due to russia , but with english having their backs , nazi-germany would have never made been able to rage war for that long !,
