  those fucking bastard call themselves journalists but all they do is create chaos while hoping to see the world burn !, 
  i hope im just too stupid to see your sarkasm, 
  can we please stop blaming our police cause we want clicks ?? 
  we really need our police !, 
  i dont think this is the correct subreddit for this . 
  look for a subreddit of the game you are playing !, 
  german accent !, 
  interresting yet completely uninterresting . 
  couldnt they have waited until the did the dna test until they published this article ? 
  that was the joke sorry . 
  where i live i text friends and relatives . 
  taxi apps work for shit and even if they work i have too pay soo much it isnt worth it . 
  i 'd rather drive friends around twice as often as they drive me and im still winning out . 
  whatsapp, 
  well thats meckpomm for you !, 
  i must find a good headline ... lets use 9 in 10 ... but some retards wont understand it ... lets put 90 % behind it / s, 
  the one from turkey is missing the headscarf / s, 
  yes , europe should be a federation consisting out of some states . 
  but the borders for this states should be redrawn . 
  the current borders make no sense for that . 
  now remove the borders and we are golden !, 
  then we need to make them !, 
  talk to them . 
  talk to your local politicians talk to those who represent you in berlin ( i will ) . 
  religious leaders in germany must publicly acept that the grundgesetzt is above their books !, 
  this includes the freedom of religion !, 
  this goes for every religion in germany , not only for islam . 
  to be fair , napoleon was really good in dividing countries . 
  the way he `` divided '' germany was also very good, 
  if this is the case , it will come to light in a way that that no government can ignore it !, 
  its quite simple , if germany muslims who disagree with this stand up and publicly shout that those people are not a part of their religion . 
  if they start to damn those people . 
  then those who silently agree wont be silent anymore and once they go public they are fucked !, 
  the only thing you can blame are the radical muslims . 
  german muslims really need to stand up and cleanup their religion !, 
  yes but for those english people who dont know how to pronounce f\u00fchrer , its pretty much the same xd you are most likely right with fuhrmann . 
  it is also possible it came from f\u00fchrer as in guide , but unlikely, 
  thats a interresting name for a german historian, 
  im not sure this is really relevant . 
  as frankfurt is the most european city in germany . 
  having a immigrant background also means that they could be other europeans . 
  do suicidebombers count aswell ? 
  is that the reason france is that high ? 
  lol what a attention whore !, 
  america is the land of freedom to do and think whatever the fuck you want as long as you have enough money . 
  creationism is an american thing . 
  p-hacking is done all over the world , the biggest part tho is done in the us as there is often no other way for the scientists to gain money . 
  the same goes for `` bought '' papers . 
  if you read a study its always important to know who payed it !, 
  we ( europe ) do have a hate boner against monsanto , thats true . 
  do you know why ? 
  because they can pretty much regulate themselves . 
  they have a monopole in their area and they can do whatever the fuck they want . 
  they can also sue you for whatever the fuck they want . 
  for example when their crops crossbread which should be absolutely impossible but still happens !, 
  for example crossbreading which should not exist but simply does !, 
  the monopole on crops and so forth . 
  no i did not study this thus im no expert . 
  however during my school time we talked about the advanced and disadvatages of genetic engeneering . 
  it is totally true that the eu totally dislikes monsanto , there are reasons for that . 
  we also dont trust the american system of testing gmos, 
  we live in a time of paralell science , alterscience,p-hacking and `` bought '' papers . 
  is beeing overly cautious really unscientific or is it just a safety messure ? 
  when i take a look at the gmo problems in america im quite happy we dont have them most of them in europe . 
  the ban on glyphosate might be wrong . 
  it might also have a political background i simply do n't understand . 
  for me looks like the author of the article is butthurt that glyphosate is banned in some eu countries . 
  maybe he has financial ties with glyphosate or mabye he is annoyed by the possible political background i was mentioning or maybe he is just annoyed by the way the eu works . 
  some of those are totally understandable . 
  cause there will not be a war for america in europe in the next year !, 
  the totally unrepresentative survey about everyone who will participate in such a survey . 
  you know im still talking about the date system . 
  as for the messurement system . 
  its called [ united states customary units ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_customary_units ) and yes it derives from the english system ( which is outdated since 1825 ) you are not making any sense to me . 
  i just scrolled up the comment and i was writing about the date system not messurement system . 
  your arguments make really no sense here . 
  im coming to the conclusions that i should have read your name earlier . 
  im embarrased, 
  can you give me a link to that ? 
  as far as i know , there are no date formatd in the measurements system, 
  sorry forgot you wrote that . 
  my bad . 
  btw its not the english system , its the american system . 
  thats the point i was trying to make, 
  first of all its not the european system , its system used in most part of the world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/date_format_by_country the second most used is the year-month-day system ( for example in china ) america is nearly the only country using the month-day-year in the world . 
   he system should change depending on how the people of the time currently speak the date in everyday language . 
  this makes no sense . . you do realise that people from the uk use the dmy system and it works fine with english ? 
  america changed the system around the time of the civil war and no one knows why . 
  the story i told was a possible reason . 
  the american system is pretty stupid in nearly every regard ( for the sake of god just google it ) . 
  im not saying that my system is the best . 
  the ymd format is mathematically speaking better ( also from the point of computer science ) . 
  i actually spend a lot of time thinking about the systems and browsing the web for ideas , reasons , pros and cons . 
  it seams to me that you are the one who cant really accept that the american system is just inferior . 
  does your patriotic mind not allow for mistakes ? 
  because you say it like you write it . 
  we would say `` 9th of november '' and so do most british people if i remeber correctly . 
  and as i stated above . 
  saying and writing november 9th is completely ok , but when you are asked about the full date you have to say : 2016 on november 9th . 
  if im not mistaked this is how it used to be a long long time ago .
