  most actually just jam ... 
  i never once heard this in the news . 
  von der leyen just wanted a new ar , but as the g36 is still one of the best in the world it is impossible to convince the bundestag to give her to money to buy new weapons ... so she needed ` arguments ' . 
  well i actuall just compared germany and america , speaking of bulgaria you are right . . i should have made my point more clear . 
  well we have a very high voter turnout in germany aswell , i just mean that germans on average are more informed about politics than americans . 
  i dont know about the political information in bulgaria, 
   ah yes , germans unironically lecturing americans on democracy . 
  as a german its impossible to critize the american system without getting some butthurt downvotes isnt it xd maybe we have learned out of history and actually improved . . and while our system aint still even close to perfect , its actually alot better than yours . 
  but then again im german and we had hitler . 
  so if i wan na travel to america i actually have to tell them that i 've never been involved with hilter ... i mean this guy is dead since april 1945 . 
  but then again if you actually go to america you get asked that all the time -  something that feels like 50 % of america has no idea hitler is dead !, 
  if this isnt proof for a lack of political information i dont know what might be !, 
   also , keep in mind that america has a very binary polictical system [ ... ] . 
  plus murica has kind of an oligarchy rather than a democracy . 
  this means its impossible to get votes unless you are rich af . 
  when your rich like this its easier ( and faster ) to just influence a exiting party , than working years and spending billions to create your own relevant party ( which btw hasnt even worked once ) . 
  relevant means it actually has even a little bit of influence . 
  the next problem is the fact that normal voters pretty much dont count . 
  as stupid as it sounds 1 person of the 1 % 's has more influence on the outcome of the election , than 1000 poor people . 
  the politcal knowledge of the common people is extremly low in america . 
  from what i heard its actually quite hard to really inform yourself about politics in america . 
  ( well there is the internet and thats it ) . 
  this and the binary system leads to alot of political apathy . 
  the difference in germany is that you can easily get active in politics and if your willing it isnt even that hard to get into bundestag ( parliament ) ( it just eats your life ) . 
  the political information in germany is alot higher than in america ( again , im not completly sure about america , im just repeating what i heard from german friends living in america ) . 
  plus we have a rather bad history with a single party system thus we actually make sure there are always multiple parties in parliament . 
  so to get to my point . 
  in germany we have parties primarily influenced by the people with lots of different ideas how one should rule . 
  murica has 2 parties that are primarily influenced by the rich . 
  so the complete concept of those party-systems is different which makes it so incredible hard to explain the differences cause you actually have start at the very fundaments . 
  so what im telling you is pretty much if you wan na know more , spend a week or 2 reading everything on wikipedia :d, 
  dont missunderstand me , they can do harm , im not telling you they are the best people and we shall bow to them or something . 
  im telling you they deserve a chance of a better live , a chance for integration and if they dont want to integrate into the country they are coming , then they shall stay away ( or we make them go away later ) !!, 
  but they deserve a chance !, 
  im german and in germany we accept everyone who want to be german . 
  if you want to integrade , learn german and adopt our mentality you will be german !, 
  and i dont give a shit about your skinn color or religion !, 
  this article is just bullshit sry !, 
  well i read it to the extend google translate allowed me and they were just saying the video shows and comments in the video say and so on . 
  this is tabloid niveau !, 
   * the red cross filled those boxes to help people in need . 
  so logically it could be medicine or food or clothing , right ? 
   * those are people in need . 
   * they are refusing them as a group as if not a single man , woman or child could possibly need what could be in those boxes . 
  so far so good . 
  thats the reason i said this is completly out of context !, 
  well everything else is just speculation . 
  we simply dont know unless someone shows up who can actually translate us what these people are shouting !, 
  what do they want ? 
  maybe they actually want the boxes but dont get it . 
  or getting the boxes is part of a deal they wont accept !, 
  or are they trapped behind barbwire and cant get out ? 
  there are soo many questions . 
  in a group like this there are always people who are soo desparate that they would do nearly anything for food . 
  at this point they dont give a fuck about religion . 
  i saw none of those desperated people fighting for the boxes so i dont think that the redcross , or the food not beeing halal is the problem !, 
  we need someone to translate the situation or this video is just complete propaganda bullshit !, 
  does anyone has actuall information why they are upset ? 
  does it even something to do with the boxes ?? 
  is this a real camp or do those people want to go to another country and are not allowed to . 
  seeing this i have about a million questions and not one is answered !!!, 
  this video is completly out of context and in this form can only be used as propaganda, 
   ~ ~ our respect levels are already nil ~ ~ nope they rose alot when you guys started to investigate against fifa . 
   trump is completely unelectable the problem is , your living in an oligarchy that believes to be a democracy . 
  in the end you whole election process is a complete fraud and the votes of normal people just dont really count . 
  but i still dont think he has a chance as the bigger part of the ` upperclass ' aka the rich people dont like him either . 
  you know asylum is per definition the way to make illegal immigrants legal !, 
  you just need to get to the border . 
  the point is they need to create ways for those people to get asylum before they come to the country cause right now its impossible !, 
  right now , your only chance is to get to europe , actually its to get to a small number of states in europe . 
  and as long as it stands that way , alot of people will die !, 
  poland right now , is one of the worst countries !, 
  about a 100 years ago , half of your nation became refugees and right now you dont even give a fuck about people trying to survive a war !, 
  the refugees somehow need to get through eastern europe and then they die in the process, 
  for them its like : die back home or get to europe and maybe die in the proces and it is right to accept them as long as they want to integrate into the country they immigrade . 
  there is this stuid rule that you shall not wager 1 live against another so killing 10m is as bad as killing 100m thus alot of people say killing for ideology is worse than killing indiscriminately . 
  i understand that argumenting with this rule disgusts people !, 
  i have to disagree with you on this . 
  they are both about as evil !, 
  hitler didnt kill for ideology ... he just didnt like jews !, 
  so he created a ideology which allowed him to kill them . 
  it is true that stalin killed alot more people , but he had alot more time to do it !, 
  the nsdap only ruled for 12 years because we lost a fucking war because hitler went all napolean and invaded russia !, 
  this is not a good argument . 
   antifa [ ... ] they essentially worship [ ... ] communism . 
  wrong !, 
   antifa [ ... ] they essentially worship the most murderous ideology [ ... ] true !, 
  antifa has no politcal stance aside from ` against all ' , the only thing they worship is hurting people , beeing extremistic and fighting the police . 
  there is a reason the police is always attacking the antifa , they know that the only reason for antifa to be there , is to attack the police, 
  yes . 
  as they are even worse than the nazis . 
  the only good thing about them is that they have pretty much 0 political influence ( as they have no political stance what so ever, 
  ok , i guess there are not left wingers in this world !, 
  at least not by your definition . 
  then on the otherhand you might be right with the so called antifa ( black block , left extrem ) . 
  they are against everything , the only thing they stand for is beating people until they wake up in a hospital . 
  as much as i hate nazis , as long as they hold no political power , the antifa is way worse !, 
  there have been occasions of antifa burning down buildings and shit just to blame it on the right wing . 
  might be possible that a few of the refugee camps where burned down by them aswell . 
  ( this is pure guessing ),
