  what difference ? 
  im a big fan of a united holidaycamp for antifa and nazis where they can either put their differences asside or we arrest the remaining few for murder :d, 
  everyone that is sane can go insane !, 
  if everyone can have guns , unstable people will end up with guns , people that wo n't have guns in our current society !, 
  even if you are completly fine , your kids will end up with your guns , and they wont have a psych evaluation . 
  your talking about `` all the crimes and rape going on '' , but is it really that much ? 
  or is it just the media having found someting they can jump onto ? 
  would news like this even apear in a country like the us ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i countries where you are able to carry around weapons , such small incidents arent even newsworthy . 
  so should we allow everyone to carry weapons ? 
  well i think its a really stupid idea !, 
  yeah he came home with an important mission from switzerland . 
  [ only a few days later , germany and switzerland fired lots of explosives into the sky to impress each other . 
  thats because ive been asked, 
  hitler rules germany , no longer true , many americans still believe it ... 
  best ones in germany are wacken and rock am ring followed by summerbreeze and hurricane/southside . 
  well you might have guessed my taste in music by now :d disclaimer , yes this is all up to debate , this is personal taste and it depends strongly on lineup, 
  im sorry to inform you , but he is right . 
  western politic is infact responsible for the very existence of the is . 
  while america has to take most of the blame , europe isnt all that innocent either . 
  i dont see a problem as you dont have to go to the army . 
  i mean i 've got absolutly no problem with the army what so ever and when you are at the army you need to be able to listen to commands , you dont need to know how to vote :d, 
  yes , i know , thats the reason i would like to see it at 21 :d, 
  not only lying , but they always say what they wan na do if they get  50 % . 
  well guess what , they never get more . 
  plus they always forget that the might of the politicians is limited aswell . 
  media , economy , worldpolitic , law courts and so on have more influence on what is going to happen , then the politicans themselves . 
   the question then i guess is at what age is there a balance . 
  i do n't think 18 is bad but i think there is indeed more of an argument to be made making it older than younger . 
  lets just say it like that , it doestn get higher once your older than 25 or so . 
  i think the best thing would be something like a voters-licence that you can make starting with 15 . 
  if the license is good , then there would be only a very small amount of completly uninformed voters, 
  i actually think 18 is too young , i know a really small number of somewhat politically informed 16 year olds , about 2 % or so , at 18 its about 10 % ( these numbers come from my experience ) . 
  i think 20/21 is a good age for voting . 
  plus i would like something like a polititcal excam that you would need vor voting, 
  in my country ( germany ) its 18/16 which is tooo young . 
  when ever i look at the vast majority of 18 year olds , i whish they would raise it to 21, 
  give this man a cookie , he cleaned up the mess you called art !, 
  you doubleposted it ... can you remove this one ? 
  you just said something negative about america on reddit , live with the downvote . 
  or ~ 50 replies in your inbox :d, 
  right now its actually france for us germans . 
  usa only wants things from us without giving something in return . 
  its like we are still paying for ww2 and the help we received after ww2 . 
  so wait , can i challenge every election ever in court ? 
  its not like they had much of a chance . 
  but you can upload a video of someone getting shot to bits https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q6kb3zjhni, 
  not de he is a dane nutcase, 
  thanks for not voting trump, 
  well how about we take over , give them democracy then leave them alone ? 
  it does n't matter either day-month-year or year-month-date . 
  you can sort the date ascending or descending . 
  just having it unsorted makes no sense whatsoever . 
  you misspelled `` correct '' date writing system, 
  i dont think / r/europe is the right place for this, 
  not really . 
  jan b\u00f6hmermann is really bad at political satire . 
  not really funny but he compensates by being a rude , uncivilized monkey, 
  but you missout on all the juicy idiots . 
  ehm i mean americans, 
  me neither . 
  clearly a mistake . 
  you think its getting better there . 
  its either total anarchy or you have a government . 
  believe me option one is worse !, 
  i wasnt talking about their problems with integration of refugees i was talking about their problems with racism !, 
  they havent even managed to fully integrate the black people . 
    we have to find a way to send them back  or , y' know we stop them coming in the first place . 
  we should n't have started the war in the first place !, 
  that 's the only problem here . 
  why do did we have to destroy the hole middle east ? 
  where is the point . 
  the actions of america are honestly a crime against humanity . 
  all those people back there would have been better off with the status they had 10 years ago . 
  yes there were dictators . 
  but even the worst of those dictators was better than what they have now !, 
  are there some scumbags who just want to profit ? 
  yes . 
  are there a lot of people who want back what they lost ? 
  yes , can you blame them ? 
  are there a lot of people who just wan na live a life in freedom and piece ? 
  yes , again can you blame them ? 
  as for your sources . 
  yes that 's pretty much what our yellow press stated the day after . 
  i spoke to people in cologne and they said it was n't really a problem , its just blown out of proportion . 
   however , there was no official confirmation that asylum seekers had been involved in the violence . 
  commentators in germany were quick to urge people not to jump to conclusions . 
  this quote is from the very end of your source . 
  turns out this was n't done by asylum seekers ( i think there were 3 of them [ not 100 % sure about the exact number ] ) . 
  most of the offenders were moroccans and other people from north africa . 
  and yes they should go to jail for what they 've done and some did . 
  the asylum seekers where refused for example . 
  this again is a problem of integration . 
  the most important part of integration is done with kids and it is them who we have to integrate . 
  yes it nearly impossible to completely integrate them , but when they are good integrated its very easy to completely integrate their kids !, 
  just look the negative example usa . 
  no slaves since 1863 and they still have n't managed to fully integrate those people !, 
  we received finacial baking after the end of ww2 ... 
  yes that was a joke xd,
