  but we have the money and we have the equipment , what we are lacking is menpower , thats something romania can give . 
  its not that you have to invest 10 % or your gdp into your army . 
  as you wont have an army . 
  there would be an european army . 
  you 'd have to invets a certain portion of you gdp into the eu , as does germany and any other member . 
  now i know this is all praying for the future . 
  but the multi-speed eu was a way for this future to come true . 
  now we have to wait and hope again for some person in the eu to step up and finally unite europe . 
  because freedom of movement only works as long as not everyone is moving . 
  if every good brain would be going away , your country would go to shit and certainly stop allowing you to leave . 
  if your people go to another place to work for a bit and bring know how back home , it will help you alot tho . 
  so you need to somehow get your people to come back . 
  one way is family ties and just beeing home for them . 
  europe hasnt made steps forwarth in the last decades . 
  this only makes it worse, 
  yeah seen it . 
  thats the main reason im so ashamed . 
  wouldnt call it close ties tho . 
  i call it simply corruption . 
  im soo ashamed that germany is soo far behind, 
  hey we lost democraticly . 
  did we make any mistakes ? 
  i dont know , lets blame the germans !, 
   we visited 8 countries . 
  namely , london , paris , barcelona , berlin , zurich , brussels , amsterdam and italy . 
  thats one country, 
  if god exists or not , well thats a totally different question . 
  the god of the jews , chrits and moslems is the same . 
  jews believe in god and prophet mose , christs in god and christ and the moslems in god and mohamed . 
  but the god is always the same ( this is extremely simplified ) . 
  there is always the problem of what is realistic and what is not . 
  did germany make mistakes ? 
  things they could have done better ? 
  absolutely no question . 
  should there have been better screening from the start ? 
  definitly . 
  you have to see one thing tho . 
  germany has a pretty big bureaucratic apparatus . 
  its not very fast , its not very efficient . 
  their workers ca n't be replaced cause they have a job on lifetime ( beamte ) . 
  thus obviously they have no pressure to work . 
  there is usually not much to do in the refugee area thus you can fill this with somewhat lazy workers and they grow even more lazy . 
  next up the system . 
  the work still pretty much completely done with filing folders and old computers . 
  most is human work . 
  they should have upgraded to a more digital system years ago , but they have n't . 
  lastly the sheer amount of refugees . 
  the system was never build to cope with such a huge amount of people . 
  combine all of this together and ask yourself , what is realistic to come out of this . 
  there have been dozens of mistakes , some arseholes who register multiple times . 
  people from safe countries acting as syrians and so forth . 
  could we solve this ? 
  yeah but only if we change the bureaucratic apparatus in germany . 
  ~ ~ a shame germany is not investing into this aswell . 
  we really need it . ~ ~ title was wrong, 
  this sentence wasnt really directed at op himself , it was more of a general sentence . 
  i should have made this more clear . 
  but thats the point with america with their current generation offended . 
  they get offended by all the shit they dont like . 
  specially students . 
  it 'll get better if they grow up and have to face the reality of finding and keeping a job, 
  where i live the most offensive thing you can do is to lable every shit as offensive . 
  why should it be offensive to call a black person black ? 
  why should it be offensive if someone calls me white ? 
  descriptive words are only offensive when they describe something that is perceived as bad . 
  calling someone fatty is not very nice for example . 
  ok im not asian , by why the fuck should that be offensive . 
  china is a part of the orient !, 
  stop labeling everything as offensive , who gives a fuck !, 
  you cant just stick to being nonoffensive all your life . 
  thats not how reality works . 
  first of all we are not importing those people . 
  accepting refugeees is a law of humanity and increasing and giving us low class workers is somthing that will help our economy longterm . 
  on the other hand we need to make sure that we expell those who only came to make trouble . 
  their allah is the same as our god . 
  and how they believe in their allah is the same as how we used to believe in our god . 
  people change . 
  we need to make sure islam changes aswell . 
  the biggest problem with secularity is that not only the government must keep away from religion , but also the religion must keep away from the government . 
  secularity only works if state and religions both work that way . 
  right now we have many imams who are definitely working against secularity . 
  and this is something the governments should be working against . 
  not against islam as a whole !, 
    what do you think the extremists in islam are most afraid of ? 
   of being eradicated ~ ~ ~ without ~ ~ ~ ** with ** mercy by the other sects of islam . 
  here fixed this for you, 
  no from this perspective there are no books to ban . 
  banning books is stupid . 
  it gives even more power to the book !, 
  banning a religious book is impossible without banning the religion . 
  banning a religion will cause massive chaos and make the extreme part of their religion even more stronger !!, 
  what do you think the extremists in islam are most afraid of ? 
  its that their religion get as lax as christianity has become . 
  all you do is helping them . 
  religion has an important role in this world . 
  and btw if you are one of those `` i hate religion its the root of all evil '' yeah what you are doing is basically a religion itself . 
  not completely . 
  and i dont want to defend what the nazis did . 
  i 'm not stupid . 
  they are responsible for one of the largest genocides in the last century .
