  people then decided to say `` november 9th 2016 '' wich is month - day - year . 
  if you ever count int this system , it makes no sense . 
  its just plain stupid . 
  one can argue that the year-month-day system is the best one as the most significant bit is first . 
  but its a hassle to write and speak thus it will over time ( many decades ) become what is the american system today . 
  the ordering day-month-year does not had that problem . 
  the smallest ( or lest significant ) part is first , the one that changes every day . 
  thus when just asked for the day you do n't have to tell the month and the year as well . 
  when asked for day and month you can say 17-11 and its still in order . 
  even you are then asked for the year you just say 2016 and you still perfectly in order . 
  so to summarize : the sorting year-month-date is mathematically the best , but due to the error human it will turn to the shit-show month-day-year within a few decades . 
  thus the sorting day-month-year is the best for human usage !, 
  behind a paywall, 
  thanks . 
  fixed it . 
   i personally believe that we should shut the dirty , smelly and bloody animal industry down . 
  when you talking about mass production of meat ? 
  i 'm with you . 
  but the example we see there is the polar opposite . 
  those animals have better life than you and me . 
  direct your anger at something that is wrong . 
  this is live . 
  animals are getting eaten by other animals all the time . 
  this time its an animal we call human . 
  otherwise they would not live at all . 
  so do you think it is right to say they are not allowed to live a beautiful live because they will get killed and eaten at the end ? 
  its like saying humans should not live because they often have a live full of hardships . 
  should we simply make it illegal to bear children ? 
  or is a nuclear war enough ? 
  not sure if you mean me or maksp1 . 
  as for me . 
  no there was no sarkasm in this comment . 
  where is this abuse and torture ? 
   they have won the biggest esport tournament ever hosted ( prize pool over 22m dollars i believe ) . 
  i would n't say it was the biggest tournament ever . 
  at least not what viewers is concerned . 
  but as far as i know its the one with the biggest price pool . 
  yet your point stands . 
  this definitely fits here . 
  this is just bullshit . 
  the ngos get good money for this work . 
  as long as they get money they will want it to continue . 
  they might not `` work '' with the traffickers , but they certainly tolerate them and try not to harm them as they work in their favor . 
  this nazi is headless ? 
  nazi zombie confirmed !, 
  more like 2050 but yes , the majority of the russian population is technically living in europe so russia could join the eu . 
   i ca n't recall any laws that prevent you from sending people to countries which uphold human rights and the right to asylum . 
  so there are 2 possibilities . 
  send them to nation x which then in turn sends them to the next nation and so forth or sending them back to where they come from . 
  as they all claim they come from syria or libya you are not able to send them back because those nations do not uphold what we call human rights . 
  we also can not send most of them back to other countries because they have no valid form of identification . 
  the only option is also to send them to some random country that will be `` very pleased '' with the refugees the eu is sending it . 
  australia has a ton of dead people floating in the ocean . 
  what australia does is setting the refugees into small crafts and send them back . 
  what we should do is to collect those people with coastguard and military vessels and bring them back to where they came from but unharmed . 
  not eu law . 
  because you do not know where to send them , and you can not send them to mars . 
  thats a bit too extreme . 
  well most of them do n't see it as trafficking . 
  they are saving people from a country where it is dangerous to live in . 
  it will stop once the eu updates their laws so you can simply send back those who come without valid identification . 
  edit : i expect this to take another 2 or 3 years . 
  either his password used to be something along the lines of ` test1234 ` or he has just posted something that he copy pasted from far right magazine x, 
  yes . 
  `` unsafe areas '' are usually when you break into private grounds . 
  they split up into 2 bands . 
  they still exist . 
  i should have used another word . 
  this only happens because you have safe search enabled . 
  europe is not very safe nowadays / s, 
  i would have posted a text explaining something about the gaulish language and put that song as an example . 
  just linking the video is well lets say im not very impressed . 
  then checkout the band . 
  they have a lot of stuff that is gaulish or at least partly gaulish . 
  do n't get me wrong i really like the band , even tho they split up . 
  but why on earth are you posting an 8 year old song to this sub ? 
  there is no mention of terror or islamism anywhere tho . 
  i am from the region and i 've read the official statement . 
  i did n't read it completely to be honest . 
  they are clearly both insane . 
  and erdogan should really not lecture others ( and netanyahu should neither ), 
  as much as i dislike netanyahu , he totally has a point . 
   in june , merkel herself took to the pages of bild , the top-selling german tabloid [ ... ] kudos to you washington post for calling bild a tabloid , not news . 
  good god , gender neutral is bullshit . 
  extreme gender segregation is a problem , overdoing neutrality is just as stupid . 
  it 's going to raise a pretty fucked up generation . 
  edit : i forgot to add : the guy at 11:20 seems to make sense, 
   i 'm a missionary ? 
  you said nobody in their right mind would use linux . 
  i said that about the linux ui not the linux backend . 
  and you are right . 
  my bad . 
  i should not have said that . 
  as a dev the main arguments for linux are : far superior console . 
  same os as the server where the program will run on later . 
  as i said before . 
  both of those can be solved by simply having a small server in your network that you can access via ssh . 
  i tried auto-tiling . 
  it infuriated me . 
  its just not a feature for everyone .
