   the production of tanks , planes and artillery was shit in the later years . 
  the technology was still very good but they lacked good workers in the industry . 
  all of them went to war and the women who replaced them had no real training/education . 
  if the ussr could have defeated germany alone ? 
  who knows . 
  im pretty sure it would have ended with some sort of peace treaty . 
  the invasion of russia was an insane project that was just not doable without years of preparations . 
  if poland would have been allied with germany , chances are that it would have worked . 
  so is poland the main reason german lost ww2 ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  who knows what would have happened if the ussr surrendered or came to a peace agreement in 1941 . 
  would there have been a land war with us troops ? 
  would there have been a reason for the japanese to attack pearl harbor if the soviets supplied oil to them ? 
  the battle of moscow and its failure is in my opinion the my opinion the most important part of ww2 . 
  lul what are those brits smoking . 
  nazi-germany clearly lost to the russians tho . 
  invading russia costed far too many resources . 
  lul you just gave your opposition ammo for the next election . 
  this article is pretty stupid . 
  it seems like its written for muricans . 
  we already have a good social system in germany . 
  ubi will just make it worse . 
  the only other way is to raise the money to a point where people working for low income would not do that anymore and simple try to get a better job or dont work at all . 
  this means no one would do the crappy job . 
  like for example cleaning the streets or delivering packages . 
  =  those jobs will have to pay a lot more and this will have quite an interresting influence on the economy, 
  really ?? 
  watch your recent activity . 
  and by recent i mean the last months . 
  its every time the same . 
  you find some video somewhere and you post it to between 2 and 8 subreddits . 
  this was your first comment since the 4th of may . 
  in this time you posted ~ 52 different videos in 129 posts . 
  i counted to 52 by just looking at titles that are different . 
  so you even used the same same title for all your posts . 
  well / u/marktplatz responded to another video this account posted . 
  lets wait if he takes action . 
  check / u/mynameis __ -- __ account . 
  this is just a spam account . 
  is there a way to block accounts like his from spamming in / r/europe ? 
  god damn . 
  i just checked his profile . 
  the spam is real !, 
  this video is 2 years old, 
  fking quality meme !, 
  oh , so a non-euro country ca n't have a good economy ? 
  a `` non-euro country '' can still have a good economy . 
  and when you leave you can still rebuild your economy . 
  i 'm just saying that it will fuck you hard for the next few years . 
  the euro is not intended to be left . 
  leaving it will destroy your economy for at least a decade and regarding economic growth you loose at least 2 decades . 
  there are a lot of voters who are against le pen but they ai n't big fans of macron either . 
  with the huge advantage macron had many french voters said that they would n't vote to show their protest against macron cause they do n't want to him to win with extreme margins . 
  so the projection was a low voter turnout . 
  having a high turnout means that those voters have voted which will benefit macron more then le pen as her voters would vote anyways . 
  if one of them gives us solutions i 'll gladly jump on the hype train . 
  right now all they are doing is pointing fingers and pointing out problems without giving us solutions . 
  or they shout bullshit like closing the borders and leaving the euro which is both completely retarded because fist it wont work and second it will fuck your economy . 
  the eu is a shitshow and everyone knows it . 
  most of us just like its potential and the general idea . 
  we all know that the eu is in dire need of change , i just do n't think that leaving the eu is going to help you change it . 
  i just copied the other french guy . 
  i thought we ar all switching now . 
  did you never keep up with the scandals ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_democratic_national_committee_email_leak#bernie_sanders.27_campaign that hole election was rigged . 
  i like the \u00dct-\u00dct in the background, 
  edited it . 
  fking english tho . 
  i used to add far too many semicolons into english and then i just stopped using them altogether xd, 
  i do n't , believe me . 
  just go to google translate and enter palun . 
  =  it means please, 
  which again is unlikely . 
  if america would have had the french voting system , hillary clinton would have lost in the first ballot . 
  many people did n't vote directly for trump , it was just the consequence of voting against clinton, 
  you are in part right about that . 
  this is clearly skipping over a few key points and it is also making complicated things very easy . 
  plus i also ca n't prove you shit . 
  i neither have the space nor the time not the motivation to go into more detail . 
  if you think about it yourself tho you will come to the conclusion that these are all possibilities . 
  the best one being the first that i split where the french will just loose a bunch of money . 
  good god is this retarded . 
  if you vote le pen you do n't have to be afraid of terrorists anymore ... because you now have much bigger problems . 
  do you even listen to what she proposes ? 
  she will just royally fuck you in the ass . 
    `` closing our border is pointless ''  guess le pen is the only choice then . 
  why exactly ? 
  i mean she ca n't close the border either . 
  at least not with any positive effect . 
  that would be pretty stupid . 
  why would you start a salt mine if the salt is already raining free, 
  how is this supposed to work ? 
  i mean who is going to exchange the currency ? 
  the state ? 
  / their own state bank ? 
  for how long will they exchange it for a fixed value ? 
  will they base that value on the euro or on the dollar ? 
  will they force people to exchange or will they allow them to keep the euro ? 
  if they do n't force you ? 
  is the money you have at the bank still euro ?
