  only that those werent done by refugees . 
  the biggest part of this article is bullshit . 
  just google it . 
  and yes there are alot of ecomical idiot coming . 
  you find most of them at the camp in calais . 
  and we have to find a way to send them back . 
  but one thing is clear . 
  we cause the war , we will help the victims . 
  and we need to learn how to integreate or we will end up like america, 
  inviting millions of migrants who have raped and plundered the continent what bullshit is this ? 
  they are refugees of a war we , that means the west , started and fueled . 
  honestly we are responsible for that . 
  and to be really fair , america and the uk are the most responsible while not giving 2 fucks about their responsibilities, 
  interresting , you are right . 
  guess one does learn alot of shit in school . 
  in defense of my teacher ... he was quite old and there was a time when it was outlawed . 
  thanks for correcting me, 
  fail ... i didnt look at your flair xd . 
  yeah i know where it comes from , just didnt want to explain the hole story xd, 
  edit : as people dont seem to read the thread . . i was wrong keep calm because germany is above all else !, 
  the last part is the first passage of the forbidden verse of the german national athem . 
  for context : in 1922 germany decided to use the [ deutschlandlied ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandlied ) as national athem . 
  the nazis then decided only to use the first verse of it . 
  after the fall of the 3rd reich the first verse got outlawed and nowadays we only sing the last verse . 
  i guess its at this time that the italians are supposed to give erdogan a `` history lesson '' . 
  turkey jused to be a part of rome ... 
  you failed the link mate . 
  [ here is the correct link ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/725531/europe-brink-banking-armageddon-crisis-credit-crunch-economy ), 
  stupid rest of germany . 
  we in the south clearly joke the most about the frensh xd, 
  you posted twice xd well its fair aslong as it aint english xd, 
   i think merkel is much too polarizing for this to be the case . 
  at least in the near future . 
  the last thing the french want at this point ( and i assume the same is true for many other countries ) is even more german influence in the eu . 
  maybe . 
  yet many people in europe really like merkel and she is very good in eu and foreign politics . 
  just from the way it appears in the media , one could say that merkel values the eu above germany . 
  im pretty sure most of europe would be ok with her in a high eu position . 
  you might be right tho that she needs some time to cooldown . 
  i dont think so , in my oppinion she just feels center-left . 
  i honestly cant put the finger on any solid evidence tho . 
  it isnt her handling of the refugees tho . 
  due to my lack of solid arguments , this discussion goes to you !, 
  welp you beat me to it by 5 minutes xd   we would n't have the refugee crisis without us interventionism . 
   this is not a valid reason for a coalition choice however . 
  both true !, 
  i hope for a peacefull transition within the cdu in the next year with merkel going into some high position in the eu , lets be honest here , this would be the perfect place for her . 
  true , another groko would be bad for our political clima , im not sure tho what would be worse , this or rrg . 
  merkel is center-left and she has driven the party away from right to a more left stance over the last 11 years . 
  rrg would be worst case for me . 
  yeah i would absolutely hate seeing the afd aswell . 
  right now its an american election ... vote for the lesser evil . 
  right now thats still merkel . 
  lets see if they finally replace her ( her time has come . 
  one can only rule for soo long ) . 
  would be perfect if she moves to the eu . 
  and well . 
  lets see who replaces her . 
  we just have one really big problem in germany , right now we have 3 left wing parties . 
  die linke , far-left , cdu center-left and spd somewhere sandwiched between them . 
  then we have die gr\u00fcnen and the fdp in their own bubbles . 
  they are pretty center when you only consider left and right . 
  green more left , fdp more right . 
  but they are really far away from the center once you consider other factors . 
  fdp from the liberal point , die gr\u00fcnen from their environmental standpoint . 
  we have 2 right parties : we have the afd which is far right , then we have csu as center-right party , but csu can only be elected in bavaria . 
  lastly we have a few small partys who ( most likely ) wont make it into parliament . 
  the biggest influence on the next election is that we dont really have a center right party and thats a region where many germans will try to vote . 
  some will stick with the cdu some will go to afd some will go to fdp . 
  it all depends on their leaders and this will decide alot in the upcoming election . 
  we 've been governd by a center left coalition for the last 8 years . 
  there are alot of people out there who want a more right wing government . 
  if there will is a capable center right candidate he/she will have big chances . 
  if not this could really be a win for, 
  thanks . 
  fixed it xd i 'd like to say i was drunk , but that would be a lie xd, 
   can you point me to what models do you think are exaggerating and which ones do you think are more accurate ? 
  like the idea that the arctic will be ice free by summer 16 . 
  google it you will find it . 
  as for the extremists . 
  i have seen reports like this a few years before showing pictures of the standard ice decline every summer . 
  can we really say that the scale is much faster ? 
  i mean this is the first time that we have accurate world wide measurements . 
  something we did n't had ~ 100 years ago . 
  combating climate change is economically unattractive for most of the industry . 
  its pretty attractive for another part . 
  its really attractive for politics . 
  first of all , we want to be less dependent on the oil-states , than we we decided we do n't want fission power anymore thus we need alternatives . 
  this helps the economy more than it hurts it . 
  we get cheaper fuel from it , again helping the economy . 
  we now have a great reason to combat air pollution ( see the smog problem in china ) . 
  and so forth . 
  do n't misunderstand me i like that a lot !, 
  i just think that climate change right now is somewhat of a convenience . 
  but what i was actually referring to with  its all blown extremely out of proportions cause only that will give you the money !, 
  are the scientist . 
  they only get research money when they are able to release papers . 
  releasing papers alone is n't enough they have to be published in scientific magazines as well . 
  now most of those magazines like flashy papers . 
  another part is that many scientists are simply paid by the government and they need climate change ( as stated above ) .
