  are those media outlets you posted opposed to erdogan ? 
   if you can officially offend people , you have no free speech . 
  this make no sense whatsoever . 
  i guess you fucked up your sentence . 
  and no actually we do n't need free speech . 
  we do n't need hate mongering . 
  freedom of opinion is all we need in my opinion . 
  again . 
  thats not the point . 
  the point is that the dutch have accepted their guilt , how ever little it is while the turks deny their guilt . 
  if you 'd read the wiki article i have linked you . 
  the dutch take only a very small responsiblity . 
  i believe that their courts ruled just . 
  if we do n't believe in the courts anymore , then there no reason to believe in democracy . 
  what they could have done is honestly not that important here . 
  the facts are that the [ supreme court of the netherlands ruled that the netherlands are party responsible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre#2013_supreme_court_of_the_netherlands_judgement ) but its also a fact that they accepted their responsiblity . 
  something turkey has not done with their multiple genocides . 
  the amount of media outlets who is not pro erdogan is very low compared to those wo are pro erdogan . 
  ~ ~ the media outlets who are against erdogan do n't exist anymore . ~ ~ ( i have been proven wrong . 
  there still exists one ) and yes , this puts pressure on any media outlet who considers publishing something that is contra erdogan . 
  as for the links you gave me . 
  sorry but i cant read it . 
  we have freedom of opinion . 
  an opinion like `` i hate all turks , we should burn them all on the stake '' could get you in trouble . 
  for more info read up on [ hate speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_speech ), 
  no he didnt state facts this is the quote :  `` netherlands did not surprise us , we already knew the low morality , the civilization level and manners of dutch . 
  we know it from their role in the srebrenica genocide , '' the dutch accepted the mistakes of their past . 
  that means they are more civilized than turkey who still does n't recognize their mistakes like the armenian genocide, 
  there are not many turkish media outlets left who are not . 
  this is soo rich coming from britain xd, 
  can you open a thread for a collective order ? 
  i think we 'll need lots of popcorn in the next few weeks . 
  the vote can be as fair as they want . 
  they have the sole control over the turkish media . 
  with this kind of propaganda they have a mayor advantage in the vote, 
  i think there should not be any dual citizenship as it goes against a very basic aspect of democracy , as everyone should have the same power of vote . 
  if you have dual-citizenship you obviously can vote twice . 
  so no , if we stop dual-citizenship we need to stop it for everyone . 
  rare cases like morocco require a more complex solution that i simply do n't have right now . 
  if the eu or one of its memebers decides to stop dual-citizenship , they 'd have to think about this . 
  edit : i like the solution of / u/stuijfsande tho, 
  well this is n't a suggestion i only make to the dutch people . 
  this is a suggestion i also make for the germans and honestly every eu country . 
  yes anulling the treaty will be difficult . 
  but if the eu goes as once , it should be possible . 
  first the answer of / u/dervish-d and second if you have dual citizenship you essentually have the right to vote twice as often as other germans . 
  if your vote for another nation has influence on germany you basically get a higher power of vote than other citizens . 
  this actually goes against everything a democracy stands for . 
  there is an easy solution to the hole prolem . 
  getting rid of dual citizenship . 
  if they decide to be turkish just do n't give them a visa anymore and problem solved . 
  if they decide to become dutch they are nothing more than regular aggressive idiots and can be treated as such . 
  also they cant vote for erdogan anymore . 
  thanks . 
  in a secular state , religion should honestly keep the fuck away from elections . 
  the only thing they should be allowed to tell you is that you should vote , but they should not be allowed to tell you for whom you should vote . 
  it was a high effort meme tho . 
  thus not illegal, 
  can someone give me a rough translation please, 
  as someone from the south . 
  understanding swiss german is no problem as long as they speak slow and try to speak understandable . 
  if they speak casual i understand nearly everything . 
  if they speak fast tho or have a rather nasty dialect . . i 'll understand maybe 10 % - 20 % . 
  swiss german can get completly impossible to understand really quick if they want to . 
  as for dutch . 
  if a dutch person tries to speak in a way that germans understand a bit , i 'd say i understand about 60 % and the meaning of nearly every sentence . 
  if they speak normaly i understand about 20 % -50 % and if i meet old people who talk fast i understand about nothing . 
  kinda hard to explain . 
  first [ the wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secularity ) secular in the sense of a state means , that the sate is not connected to religion . 
  thus religion has only minor influence if at all over the state . 
  secular pretty much means non-religious secular in the sense of someone believing in a religion means that those people are not bound by the laws of the religion but by the laws of the state . 
  also they are more world open . 
  actually the english language often uses secular as a synonym for world open . 
  you can be called secular even tho you are religious . 
  it just means that you take worldly matter before religious matters and that you do n't discriminate other people because they do n't follow your religions, 
  this is something important . 
  we need secular muslims to stand up to the islamists . 
  seems familiar . 
  every day , erdogan reminds me more of hilter, 
  he 's acting as if he has gone paranoid . 
  after thinking some more he has definitly gone paranoind !, 
  here we go again ... 
  not really . 
  this was finally a way to a federation of europe . 
  now it has stopped . 
  we allowed you into the eu and that was a mistake , now that we accepted you we 'd have to accept you into the federation . 
  then again . 
  i can only speak for myself and how i would act and how i believe my fellow germans think . 
  i ca n't tell you what the politicians will decide, 
  true romania is behind . 
  and accepting romania to the eu was a mistake . 
  but we made this mistake and now we have to stand to it . 
  i 'm all for a 2 speed europe . 
  one europe that goes strict in the direction of a strong federation with every euro state that wants to join . 
  then there is the slower one , as im missing a better name , im going to call it `` euro-lite '' . 
  now this euro-lite is for all states who dont want to be controlled that much by the federation of europe while still maintaining things like the single market , the euro , the visa free travel and a few other things . 
  if romania wants to join the euro-federation it is no question that we have to build romania up first , but we accepted romania to the eu , that means we are not allowed to reject them from the euro-federation . 
  so yes , we will have to invest money into romania but we would be investing money into a part of the federation . 
  as for the army . 
  true your equipment is outdated ashell .
