  plus they started a war and so forth . . you know the deal . 
  today on the other hand . 
  there are many people who are called nazis just cause they opposed to foreign groups like the muslims for example . 
  yes there are people who deserve to be called nazis , there are still people who tell us that the nazis did nothing wrong ... 
  but what we do right now is to classify every person who is islamophobic as nazi . 
  this is total bs and counter productive . 
  muslims sadly have a religion that promotes violence more then many other religions . 
  the religion itself is still completely fine when practiced in a somewhat world open way like christianity has evolved to . 
  there are secular muslim states as well . 
  now when we look at the muslims in europe , most of them are secular , they value the the rules of the state over the rules of the religion . 
  but there are some who are not !, 
  there is a growing trend of muslims separating themselves from the land they live in . 
  those people are often as big of a problem as those that we call nazis . 
  when we compare the real neonazis with islamists they are also about as dangerous as the other . 
  the real problem here is that those parties just help each other grow . 
  and sadly we promote both, 
  secularity means having religion and state seperated and making sure it sticks that way . 
  an action like this would put religios matters into the hand of the state and thus wont be very secular . 
  the dutch were a very progressive nation , this is the colour blind version . 
  im pretty sure you not . 
  on the other hand . 
  you might with the right education . 
  america is done really bad shit in the last couple of decades aswell and i never heard americans talking about responsibility or something else, 
  its fine until you see the eu flagg xd, 
  thank you !, 
  i should have guessed that :d, 
  i think you can add pretty custom flares/tags in / r/europe . 
  what i mean was something like this : [ example ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5xlu9h/german_ambasador_to_romania_we_have_witnessed/ ), 
  thanks for the tranlation . 
  could you add a tag to your post . 
  this comment is far from scientific . 
  its just personal experience and what other germans say from personal experience . 
  i know a few `` russians '' from university but i 've never seen them talk russian to each other . 
  maybe they do that in private who cares . 
  with the turks on the other hand . 
  there are often small crowds that build infront of doors or smth , if there are turks in the crowd , they nearly always talk to each other in turkish . . its extremly rude . 
  ps : if you ask the turks if they are turks or germans , they most often tell you that they are turks . 
  the people of russian decent will most likely tell you that they are german or both . 
  you can also find very nationalistic russians , but its alot more rare than with the turks , in their case its sadly the majority . 
  doesnt mean that we should ignore those who want to integrate tho . 
  the russians are just the group i used as example . 
  there are many more ethnicity groups in germany . 
  you are completely right . 
  i somehow got it mixed up . 
  i was too tired . 
  thinking about it tho , seems like erdogan wants to revive the ottoman empire ... 
  thats the point with secretly ... know one knows . 
  i 'm happy i wasnt the only one thinking about this . 
  we should not generalize tho . 
  you are right for the mayority . 
  but there are always those who integrate, 
  the difference is that the second generation of russian immigrants become german and the third gen is completely german . 
  with turks its often the other way round, 
  i still cant belive we are not praying to the god who brought us colour, 
   sen sus lan k\u00f6yl\u00fc stick to english ffs, 
  yeah but i hope you guys finally remove your nukes from turkish military bases, 
  brown is the color of the nazi party, 
  ~ ~ as we were back when we were nazis ~ ~ edit : shouldnt comment when too sleepy, 
  nope . 
  he is a hitler wannabe . 
  putin is far too intelligent for that . 
  its soo sad that this isnt all over the media . 
  you have to actively research this to find it, 
  if you really think that is what 's going to happen . 
  not public anymore . 
  he wont win a twitter battle against trump, 
  thats the main problem . 
  the media is really helping him even tho he is hurting the media wherever he can . 
  i have yet to see articles describing how ridiculous those events where that got canceled . 
  they argue that erdogan has improved turkey a lot since they left . 
  they just do n't see that others could have done more, 
  no thats exactly what they not where . 
  and thats where we should actually blame our media and politics . 
  they tell the cities that there will be kultural events , and last minute they change it to a political event . 
  =  it obvioulsy gets cancled . 
  they cant be soo stupid not to know that this will happen . 
  the only thing left is that they do this on purpose to provoke and put him into a victim possition so he will get more voters, 
  was also cancled cause they changed into a political event at the last minute . 
  they told the city they wan na have a music event . 
  and then 2 days before the event , they get notified that a turkish minister will be present to talk ... how is any citiy supposed to organize decent security in this short time ? 
  i was making fun of you as you asked for things about europe you should be reading up on . 
  the nations in europe are soo different that you have to read on every nation on its own . 
  if you just ask for europe its totally pointless !, 
  do n't move to england or you wo n't live in europe for long, 
  mentally unstable with multiple personality disorder, 
  @mods please remove for questionable title . 
  / u/luclinn / i dislike what happened too , yet this is something do n't by a person , not by a country !, 
  judging by this title , i have to say that your manners are lacking as well . 
  they stole the land that was stolen from them which they stole again from someone else and so forth . 
  have you ever watched [ `` this land is mine '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eviyrrjtty ) . 
  this land is cursed and thats all it is . 
  i dont like them to leave , but i 'd like them to drop their state religion . 
  i 'm religious aswell , but i strongly believe that state and religion should be seperate !, 
  first of all they are not a part of europe and we do n't want a colony . 
  second the state of israel is action in a very questionable way . 
  if this would be any other country , we would sanction them for their behavior . 
  not with israel . 
  if they ever became part of the eu they would be simply too powerful as no one would be able to stop their shit . 
  i 'm also strictly against allowing a non-secular state into the eu . 
  the warspite ...
