  & nbsp ; so what will happen ? 
  for this example i will assume that they will exchange based on the euro . 
  the state will now basically sell francs for euro at a fixed rate . 
  but what if someone needs euros for some reason ? 
  there are 2 possibilities * the state will accept euros and trade back for free or nearly free this will keep the franc stable . 
  but it will also make the franc a defacto pseudo currency * someone else will start trading =  this means you can buy the franc cheaper than at state level and thus the franc will loose value . 
  thus all french people will effectively loose money . 
  now why do states want their own money ? 
  because they get the ability to print money . 
  before we talk about what would happen if the state starts printing money . 
  lets think about the euros the state `` made '' when they sold the francs : * the euros got returned to the ecb =  this means france hast to lend money from the ecb to exchange currencies . 
  this means tho that france cant continue exchanching for free or it is going to make a large amount of debt . 
  =  franc looses value * the state will start using the money =  well this will be just like printing money . 
  * the euros got put into a safe and they are only used for exchange . 
  =  who gives the garantee for that ? 
  so if no one is believing you that you didnt spend it , then you can just start spending it . 
  now what will happen if the state starts printing money ? 
  as long as the franc is a pseudo currency the state is basically printing euro . 
  so the ecb obviously wo n't like that and will refuse to lend euros to france . 
  this means that france ca n't exchance currency anmore and the value will drop significantly . 
  if france uses the stashed up euros instead it is the same as printing an euro for every franc is `` sells '' . 
  this will increase inflation in france significantly ( explaining it here would just be too long , but you can google `` money printing inflation '' ) this again will make people loose money and everyone wants the euro back . 
  now we come to a huge problem . 
  france cant exchange the euro anymore . 
  if the value of the franc drops then france can not exchange it 1to1 or the state will loose a lot of money and no one would believe in the franc anymore causing it to loose even more value . 
  if france exchanges franc for the actual value then there is nothing trying to stabelyze the currency and it is dropping value again . 
  in the end its basically france making a lot of debt or its a hyperinflation and all of france loosing their savings . 
  tl ; dr the franc will collapse the second they start printing more money . 
  so there is no point in having a franc at all , there will only be additional costs . 
  the number of idiots in america is a lot higher . 
  also trump would not have won in the election system that france has . 
  bloody retards voting for bloody brexit ? 
  good god . 
  le pen must be thinking that her voters are total retards . 
  i mean that is ok if you are talking to a small a small percentage . 
  but she wants to have the vote of 50 % of the french . 
  she can not honestly believe that 50 % of the french are retarded . 
  when speaking from a medieval point of view , konstanz was pretty central . 
  so when they had the meeting of the 3 popes they looked for a central place for the council . 
  [ wikipedia council of constance . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_constance ) the fact that huss was burned in konstanz is thus related to the fact that the council was in konstanz, 
  well thats not really winter . 
  thats fall & winter & spring, 
  you used the same picture for summer and winter . 
  also pointing us at the imperia while saying you admire the view is a bit weird if you think about the fact that imperia is a half naked whore where the clothing covers nothing . 
  throw a coin if its head cooperate if not well then not . 
  oh and make sure its a double tailed coin :d, 
   jobs are going the way of the dodo . 
  [ ... ] robots are coming for 99 % of the jobs . 
  its quite simple . 
  if we get to this point robots wont need humans anymore and humans will go the way of the dodo . 
  maybe we will survive in some zoo or something . 
  but no there wont be an universal income . 
  if we say it will go in a way where a few billionaires/trillionaires control everything then we are back to the age of kings with no other remaining government and there again is no need for universal basic income . 
  now there is one thing with the future . 
  it is incredible hard to predict . 
  it is so hard that anyone who gets it right was just lucky . 
  i believe there will be jobs in the future . 
  i think it will take a lot of time until we start building our home with robots . 
  there is always someone needed to program the robots and handcrafted work will be a luxury for those who can pay it . 
  now i live in a country with a working welfare system . 
  and comparing it to anything a basic income can give us i think its a lot better . 
  if we assume that there will be jobs and there will be an economy and we only looks a decade into the future or so , we will see that a basic income is extremely ugly for the society as the jobs at the lower end of the spectrum wont work for it . 
  but someone has to do it so it will become extremely expensive . 
  and only the rich can pay it . 
  the middle class will have to pay more taxes and wo n't be able to sustain itself over more then one generation . 
  so the middle class and the economy will die . 
  at this point we already have demonstrations and war in the streets and either it will end quite quickly in us reverting the changes , or it will end with a trillionaire dictator/monarch , or it will end with anarchy . 
  so yeah . 
  i do n't think this will work out . 
  yes and maybe . 
  everyone gets basic income . 
  it does n't matter how rich or how high his income is . 
  this includes musk gates and trump . 
  whose who earn nothing and ceos who earn millions a year . 
  while the basic idea is nice , so is the basic idea of pure communism . 
  it is really nice in an utopia . 
  the problem is that there ai n't no utopia in this world . 
  basic income will on the long run fuck your working class and your middle class and thus will completely fuck your economy . 
  point taken . 
  arguments against basic income are long and im too lazy . 
  ask me something and i will answer or tell me why you like it and i will try to debunk it . 
  the whole point about basic income is that everyone gets one . 
  if we are just talking about social welfare then we already have that in most european countries . 
  basic income is retarded af, 
  isnt that video like 5 years old by now ? 
  well i think the title is not entirely correct . 
  i think its about selling insects as food , not eating them . 
  insects in your food is nothing you would normally like . 
  unless the insects are perfectly clean and prepared to be food . 
  as no one thought about eating insects when they made those rules , they just do n't want any insects at all . 
  now they adapting it for people who want to eat insects . 
  im far to lazy to read that shit . 
  i knew it . 
  it was all a lie . 
  we already have ftl we are only hiding it from america !, 
   she is in a different galaxy ok just to make this clear . 
  she can be either living in a `` parallel reality '' or a different/parallel universe . 
  but there is no way she is living in a different galaxy . 
  this quote is stupid .
