  sry i didnt make myself very clear . 
  let me rephrase . 
  so yeah first and formost this is a reference to the song . 
  the song again is a reference to the battle of wizna . 
  it is symbolic for the disarray of the polish army in the beginning of the war . 
  poland let germany `` overrun '' their main defense lines . 
  ( i mean for wizna it still took 3 days but there was no way holding the position for too long ) . 
  when poland got their shit together , the main defenselines where already overrun and poland was done for . 
  when germany invaded poland , poland only had a small group to defend the border . 
  the amount of german soldiers compared to the polish soldiers was roughtly 40:1 . 
  plus a metal band once made a song about this ( / watch?v = epeqwq-ayv0 ), 
  the esc rarely produces good songs , i mean look at the polish one and how fucking many votes he got . 
  the esc is always hillarious thus im watching but dont watch alone and dont watch without something to drink xd plus some nations have a really fucked up tase in music !, 
  thus creating some results that should never have happend !, 
  dont worry , even if we decide to attack poland again . 
  it would still be 40:1 , just the other way round !, 
  the point i was trying to make is that your company wo n't send you unprepared to people who do n't speak english at all . 
  you might have to speak slowly but they will understand you . 
  but you are right . 
  language will be a barrier but you will have the time and the chance to learn it . 
   i speak little spanish but not fluently . 
  that wont help you for shit in italy . 
  you speak english . 
  learn to speak it slowly and you will get your chance to learn italian xd, 
   italian-built high speed dutch train that could n't that could n't what ? 
  but prolonging the war so that more people can drown obviously is, 
  what is dishonest about using a script . 
  i really expected one to come up ages ago . 
  is there a script for your guys plan ? 
  or is it done manually ? 
  it really just want a script before i go to bed . 
  we just need a script to do it for us and i 'm far too lazy to implement one . 
  posting once would be enough i guess xd, 
  why was this removed ? 
  for everyone wondering . 
  the script is save . 
  i just checked it . 
  thanks for writing the script . 
  i 've been waiting all day for one . 
  as i said yes we need to pay . 
  but not germany alone but everyone . 
  we either need an euroean maut or ever country needs its own maut system . 
  but yes . 
  everyone who uses your streets shout have to pay for it . 
  did you even think about what you were writing ? 
  we currently have a road tax that every german driver has to pay . 
  but everyone is using our fucking roads . 
  so we want everyone to pay !, 
  just like it works in france , italy , austria , switzerland and many other countries . 
  the new tax is a transition to a different system . 
  so yes we get a tax reduction on the old system so that we do n't have to pay twice !, 
   paying a tax that german 's do not contribute to . 
  we contribute to it just as much as other do !, 
  we are just switching systems . 
  if you want it for everyone its completely fine . 
  i mean i pay a tax when i go to france or austria or switzerland aswell . 
  why shouldnt they have to pay on our roads ? 
  name checks out . 
  finally . 
  i 've been waiting for years . 
  i mean its obvious . 
  they all buy in germany :d source : i 'm living at the border xd, 
  hmm in the link you gave me . 
  usa is at the top for food quality . 
  am i looking somewhere wrong ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i think the bureaucrats will find a way to make it possible . 
  i thought the right number was the total and was confused because they numbers didnt add up xd . 
  its like i didnt even try to think about it :d, 
  i think im too stupid to understand the poll . 
  can you explain to me what the 3 numbers mean ? 
  edit : has been answered, 
  wait lux has only soo little corrpution ? 
  i cant believe it . 
  you mean you have to vote for reunion with ireland ? 
  you should watch it . 
  he has a point . 
  he is obviously not completely right but he comes pretty close . 
  i was surprised as well that he was making sense . 
  mods please notice this, 
   that 's the nature of power politics . 
  thats something america is doing and i do n't know who else . 
  maybe russia to a far lesser extend . 
   s . a list of democracies over 100 million with plural party systems does n't fill me with confidence . 
  can you elaborate on that . 
  i do n't think i understood what you mean   there would be coalitions of parts of the democrats and parts of the republicans  there are . 
  for instance , the republican healthcare bill failed to pass two days ago , even though they have a majority in both houses , because too many republicans sided with most democrats against it . 
  parties are less definitive in our system . 
  this has nothing to do with a coalition tho . 
  this was 2 groups or people opposing a law for different reasons . 
  its not like republicans sided with democrats . 
  its republicans who went against other republicans . 
  coalitions are mostly forced by the voting sytem . 
  they have the negative effect that there has to be a comprimise at every time . 
  they have the positive effect that there is a compromise at every time . 
  welcome to generation offended !, 
  let me add something to / u/standy85 answer . 
   you do n't have to be rich to be in politics . 
  nope having a super rich backer behind is is sufficient . 
  ( as i said before )  our parties are large coalitions , each of which contain many factions that would simply be parties in your system .
