  the ship that profs that ugly ships can be extremely efficient . 
  if you deny that fact , you should be burned on a stake, 
  im not talking about everyone i dont like . 
  i dislike some germans and i dont want them out . 
  i have no problem with people working here . 
  i have a problem with 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants who still believe they are turks or whatever . 
  there will be mayor problems in the near future with germans not accepting them anymore . 
  the problem is that if this comes true . 
  the general oppinion will be far more exptreme then mine . 
  most of us have no problem with foreign workers . 
  if you want to work here and go back once you are retired . 
  you 're welcome . 
  but if you come to stay and raise your children make sure at leat they become german . 
  those 2nd and 3rd generation turks is what of us germans dislike . 
  they behave like shit . 
  either become german or go back to turkey and fix your own shit . 
  we dont want turkish substates here in germany !, 
  honestly . 
  i dont care . 
  one could say im my idioligy is rather right . 
  but honestly . 
  i have no problem with germans of foreign descent . 
  i have a problem with people calling themselves turks or whatever even tho they are born in germany . 
  either decide to be german or get the fuck out !, 
  ca n't we just deport those immigrants already ? 
  they obviously dont wanne be here . 
  i 'd rather have the syrians who actually wan na become german . 
  no but it will end in more racism . 
  [ too old !, 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/37/61/f5/3761f5672349033a4aca0f0bc0bcd49c.jpg ), 
  thanks . 
  i was like : this ca n't be portugal what is this xd, 
  yeah . 
  you can do heavy damage with the pommel or the handguard . 
  [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-em1xjmpd4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=56 ) the blade is sharpened . 
  but its not sharp enough to cut through your mail gloves . 
  compare it to an axe . 
  its still sharp . 
  but its not like you will cut off your fingers if you hold it by the blade, 
  i wish you guys the best of luck, 
  from my experience its generally the young folks who desire and eu army . 
  while the old people oppose it . 
  i wonder what happens in the next 15 years . 
  thats totally not the point tho . 
  there are people who want an european army , people who dont care and people who dont want one . 
  it is definitly true that the mayority of the people in power are against an eu army . 
  that doesnt change the fact that there are alot of us who desire it aswell . 
  can you link me the complete interview/documentary please, 
  yes . 
  we do im pretty sure im not alone here . 
  aside of the whole cheating bullshit and the misinforming title . 
  the problem behind this is a serious one . 
  while $ 45m is too much . 
  a fine for the security breach is clearly appropriate, 
  nearly downvoted this due to the uploaders name . 
  thought this was a bot . 
  is france really the one most `` reliant '' on nuclear power as it is exporting alot of if ? 
  without bothering to read the hole article . 
  can we please stop introducing new things that are supposedly fake . 
  if you use fake x it will reduce your credibility to that of a comedian . 
  it does n't matter who a tabloid is quoting . 
  its still a tabloid . 
  plus they never quote . 
  they always take things out of context and write is as sensational as possible . 
  we do n't need tabloids here on reddit . 
  wait for another newspapers to cover the story ( and then check if there source is a tabloid or the bfv ), 
  source is bild . 
  bild is a tabloid known for sensationalistic fakenews . 
  while this is something that sounds plausible , its most likely just a guess that might be true but has most certainly no reasonable research behind it !, 
  stop posting bild bullshit here . 
  bild is a tabloid not a newspaper with legit articles . 
  one thing . 
  bild is not a newspaper . 
  its a tabloid, 
  yes and no . 
  parts of germany like bavaria had a true monarchy . 
  when you go further back in time we had lots of monarchs . 
  but lets be honest . 
  thats not the point im trying to make . 
  not in the closest . 
  i believe there are multiple viable government systems . 
  i just think they should abdicate at a certain point cause lets be honest . 
  she cant really do her job with that age . 
  and by the time prince charles becomes king , he cant either . 
  the latests point a king/queen should abdicate , is when his/her successor turns 50, 
  yeah . 
  but lets be honest . 
  thats outdated . 
  you have a good queen . 
  but she is just too old for the job !, 
  and 15 years after she should have passed that job to her son, 
  the 5 year plan is not very good . 
  the rest is fine, 
  can you guys give temp-bans ? 
  would be nice to mute him for a day or 2, 
  speaking of trolls . 
  i 've heard / u/mistogun7 / is a reddit troll . 
  yes you could call them victims of their time . 
  they are far from innocent tho . 
  most of the ausschwitz guards where ss people and most of them got raised to be facist soldiers .
