  true . 
  but you have a lot more weight when you negotiate for the eu . 
  their trade deals are going to be worse than eu deals . 
  its quite simple . 
  i voted for `` negotiating our own trade deals '' because as an eu citizen it really excites me that britain has to do that alone now :d, 
  thats on ice tho . 
  the tank in the video had aquaplaning . 
  i thought that tanks would be immune to that due to their weight and their tracks . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  i never thought tanks would drift that good, 
  well that one is true . 
  stasi employed much worse methods tho . 
  the bundestrojaner is meant for ( possible ) terrorists and high profile criminals . 
  they wo n't check if you are illegally downloading porn . 
  i have one major problem tho . 
  if you make a good law around this you can make sure it is n't miss-used . 
  but if everyone is blocking the correct attempt you will in the end realize it in a different way and this is a problem . 
  i do n't see a need for rescue, 
  gladiators die . 
  who cares . 
  are n't there some rules to stick to english in this subreddit ? 
  where can i report you and which rule do i have to quote / s, 
  who is going to xpost this to / r/shitamericanssay ? 
  im far too lazy . 
  germany obviously as you can see from my subreddit flair so why does someone from america , a country who terrorizes the world , rages war for fun , pays extremists rebels who later turn into terrorists , fucks around with the world economy every so often and does n't even bother to clean up behind itself think he has the moral obligation to lecture others ? 
  right now america is by far the worst cancerous country the planet earth . 
  first think about the shit you are doing . 
  then talk about others !, 
  where do you come from ? 
  the can ( dy ) man can, 
  greece has a population of 11 million . 
  germany a population of 82 million . 
  why on earth should greece have the same say as germany . 
  europe is a collaboration where everyone has about as much say as he has inhabitants . 
  germany is in no means ruling europe or there would be many things that would go different !, 
  i wonder if he speaks english tho o.o, 
  fuck , i misspelled terrorists, 
  because the turkish government is fighting civilians, 
  bavaria should be blue https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_colour#blue, 
  whats wrong with calling the sed hard left ? 
  its a tabloid !, 
  i 'm strictly against calling a tabloid a newspaper . 
  i really had to read the title twice to understand it . 
  the german word `` wurst '' ( sausage ) is used in slang if something does n't matter . 
  so saying it went from bad to `` wurst '' means it was bad at the beginning but now he does n't really care :d, 
  turkish military aircraft in greece airspace can be counted as an act of war . 
  you do not promise to attack a nato nation , you are promising to defend yourself, 
  actually we can . 
  turkey is provoking as in we could actually go ahead and label it as an act of war which would force the us to aid us in fighting turkey . 
  believe me shooting down a single plane would only do one thing . 
  finally make the eu credible again . 
  do you know the fable about the [ the boy who cried wolf ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_boy_who_cried_wolf ) the eu has been warning turkey for ages know . 
  its time to finally keep up on our promise, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i 'm not saying greece should fire a rocket . 
  i 'm saying the eu should fire a rocket . 
  i should have made that clearer, 
  i do n't think the eu aircraft have to fly alongside greek aircraft . 
  that shit is far too expensive . 
  a single rocket is cheeper and would bring a much clearer message, 
  true . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the union jack either . 
  its too messy . 
  all flags with a crest are impossible to draw by hand and thus also not very good . 
  so the best flag is something simple yet good looking . 
  czechia is nice , iceland/norway are nice , macedonia is nice , swiss is nice . 
  i also like the english and the scottish flag , its a shame they are combined in the union jack . 
  what are you trying to say . 
  sorry i do n't quite get what you mean . 
  do n't missunderstand me . 
  i know that germanys mix of `` every breath you take '' and titanium was shit and completely stolen . 
  i 'm not salty that we placed so bad . 
  i 'm salty that portugal won with a performance that i thought was absolute shit . 
  while good entries like poland or moldova did n't get what they deserved . 
  if you tell me its about the composer than cyprus should have won . 
  while their singer was meh , their composer was by far the best . 
  the voting has been far off from the public opinion for a while now . 
  i still do n't understand how germany won in 2010 , makes no sense , the song was n't very good either . 
  there are soo many things that just feel wrong . 
  one thing is that the voting reflects only a small portion of people who are willing to spend money to call/sms . 
  on the other hand we have those juries who miraculously all have the same taste in music . 
  the decision of the jury has not made any sense in the last year , and it certainly did n't make more sense this year . 
  thanks for the 3 points tho . 
  would have been sad to loose 3 times in a row :d, 
  i would be fine with sending an sms if it wouldnt cost 20cents per sms !, 
  this is just money making . 
  also you can be pretty certain that this heavily influences the outcome of the vote . 
  also if there would be more votes it would be a lot harder for the officials to mess with them and believe me they do . 
  also the jury vote is a 100 % political vote . 
  and the voting system should be online . 
  lets be real who of us payed 4 $ and send 20 sms ? 
  and then people wonder why a shit show like portugal wins . 
  no , but i 'd say its quite obvious that other politicians have complained while hollande did not . 
  true . 
  there are many things that went wrong . 
  but i do n't think we can say that germany played the biggest role in defeating germany . 
   the supply lines were shit their supply lines where better than anything their opponents had to offer . 
  the moment they became shit is when they went too far into russia . 
  that 's when they could n't keep up .
