  there are also many papers telling you there is no climate change ( conveniently paid by the oil-firms ) . 
  its always a matter of who is paying the scientist , cause science alone makes no money . 
   how is rising seas giving `` them '' money ? 
  or are you referring to clickbait articles ? 
  yeah pretty much . 
  the old media really has lots problems right now due to the internet and the free availability of information . 
  today its more important to make money than to be correct and big news make more money . 
  just to repeat myself . 
  i do think there is a climate change . 
  and yeah i think humanity has an influence on it . 
  i just think that it is overexaggerated by media and politics . 
  politics need it and media profits by simply exaggerating stories . 
  well the earth is warming . 
  at least a bit . 
  i think the numbers are overexaggerated tho . 
  while i do think that humans have a certain influence , i dont believe it to be that bad . 
  there is scientific research stating the earth was cooler than today during the medival warm period , but the results are questionable at best . 
  the earth had warmer and cooler phases and we cant really stop that . 
  there where phases with alot more co2 in the air and so forth . 
  the biggest part tho is that we live in a time of fear-mongering . 
  that 's what the media is reporting and this is what will make you money . 
  it is economically unattractive to try to debunk those claims . 
  its always a question of where the money is coming from . 
  you might want to take a look at that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rnq1nphdmw the same goes for the melting of the ice . 
  its all blown extremely out of proportions cause only that will give you the money !, 
  there are also many studies created by extremists ( on both sides ) and than again , the media comes into play again . 
  such bullshit such wow !, 
  first of all this doesnt happen . 
  the artice was supposed to be icefree by summer 16 ... well the ice didnt melt ... worst case is that we have to build more dams/dikes . . its not like we will all drown ... plus wtf you are using feet when talking about europe ?? 
  thats soo retarded edit : spelling, 
  its only getting better and better . 
  i just hope you dont have any money left in an uk account . 
  the question is if they provide garantee . 
  maybe thats the reason ? 
  aside from that . 
  well get a contractor from a neighbouring country to do the job , may cost less overall, 
  first of all , they dont give a shit about religion , at least in private . 
  second they wont take orders from you !, 
  do you really think you can order them around with a gun on your head ? 
  for me its about someone trying to kill an unarmed person . 
  police told him multiple times to stop . 
  i dont care that he is a muslim or not . 
  he got shot cause he charged with a fucking knife at a police car . 
  if someone is running to you with a knife , you do whatever stops him the most . 
  its also possible that most shot him in the leg and one missed and shit him in the corso . 
  it said there were multiple shots and he died in the hospital later . 
  if multiple people would have shot him in the corso he would have died instantly . 
   ** police statement : **  a 27-year-old man against whom there is suspicion of sexual abuse was arrested and brought into a police vehicle . 
  while he was sitting in the vehicle , the 29-year-old man carrying a knife stormed out of the shelter towards the man in the car . 
  he ignored multiple calls to stop , after which several police officers shot at the man . 
  yeah i heavily support a european federation . 
  but i dont want it rushed . 
  currently we have the beginning of a federation with very very limited power . 
  what we need very badly is a european election sytem . 
  right now the european union has no right to overrule governments , this needs to be added aswell . 
  i hope it will take another few decades until we have a complete federation here . 
  there is nothing i hate more than politicalising religion . 
  this is soo true , it hurts, 
  :( that really should change asap !, 
  actually the uk is forbidden from making trade deals with anyone until they trigger article 50 . 
  they still do it ... 
  i wonder if there is a way to punish them for it . 
  just google for psychiatrists in your region . . you need them !, 
  juding by the lack of your reply , you understand how stupid your comment was by now ? 
  ok lets make this clear , how did greece get the deficit they have ? 
  explain it to me . 
  and explain to me how this would have been different with the drachme, 
  do you know how state bankruptcy work nowadays ? 
  you say its a problem people are dying right now ?? 
  how stupid can a single person be ? 
  i 'm actually a billionaire ... at least if you still count papiermark, 
  people are dying in greece for different reasons . 
  do you know where greece would be without the euro ?? 
  you guys had a strong pound to begin with and pretty much no tourism and export , the euro wouldnt have helped you alot . 
  it helped greece alot , the problem with greece are their politicians thinking it would be a good idea to destroy the economy as they can lend alot of money for cheap ... well didnt work out in the end, 
  yeah i have the same oppinion . 
  its sometimes important to look at the source / yellow press, 
  you will spend most of the time in trains . 
  you will see landscape through the trains but i dont think you will like it . 
  i honestly think its a better holliday to just travel through one or 2 countries then trying to sqeeze in 7 at the same time . 
  you wont see much , you will be constantly tired , and your holliday will feel more like work then like a holliday !, 
  i dont know what it means , please explain :d you can see all the mods on the right side , just scroll down until you see moderators , then click on xxmore and you will see all of them, 
   they can wear it when they 're adults if they want . 
  actually this article is about an evening school . 
  so yeah it was an adult . 
  the school forbid her to wear it and she did n't appear before court . 
  its not like the court `` ruled '' its just that she did n't appear before court and thus lost automatically, 
  its pretty easy , hatespeech is anything defamatory , any bullying ans overall anything in this regard that exist solely to make any other person/group feel attacked . 
  with the last part i do n't mean something that could be interpreted like that or that some sjw will be triggered but a text that with the intention of hurting someone . 
  i know this is pretty vague . 
  the mods will decide on each case and act appropriately . 
  so to answer you question : the mods decide !, 
  edit : current mods as of 2016-08-22 * kitestramuort * raerth * span12 * gschizas * skuld * jb_uk * ivashkin * saltysolomon * robbit42 * moderatorsofeurope * zurfer75 * automoderator * mberre * must_warn_others * sosolidclaws * metaleks * zzqw - * tonyquark * seo_nuke * arathian * omortag * live_free * slyratchet * modomario * grumpyfinn * jtalin * felinebeeline * svt2 * samuel79s, 
   wait what the us sugars their water ? 
  0.0 nah , i just heard about one person who did that xd ( still too much xd ) bringing your own water to a restaurant is always a bad decision . 
  its not well seen and you can actually get thrown out of a restaurant if you do that . 
  was more of a joke , but yeah you are somewhat right in this regard xd, 
  well no one on their right mind . 
  i 've read an article once about an someone who sugared his water . 
  i guess that doesnt happen very often .
