  how can those dutchies be gullible enough to fall for this . 
  purely subjective statement . 
  yeah i actually liked this one . 
  but for you to trust the vote button , there must be people browsing / r/europe/new / and believe me the food / president / prime minister / toilets of europe are just too much to handle . 
  next post spam will be : mods of / r/europe jokes aside . 
  thanks for stopping this . 
  it got really a bit annoying . 
  damn i 'm late . 
  do you mean the [ dutch identity card ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_identity_card ) if yes , wikipedia says the following :  the dutch identity card is a valid travel document within all of europe ( except belarus , russia and ukraine ) as well as georgia , turkey and on organized tours to jordan ( through aqaba airport ) and tunisia . 
  so no you do n't need a passport . 
  you only need to take 15 seconds to look up your identity card on wikipedia, 
  that woman is surely having a positive political influence / s, 
  i thought the same . 
  would still eat it tho . 
  then you are happy that there are 2-3 police officers in your town . 
  not like in most town where there are zero people . 
  also you usually do n't get chased by 3 random guys in a small village . 
  remember you know everyone . 
  the is no such thing as anonymity that is protecting the offenders . 
  edit : also you would most likely run into the next store/hotel/restaurant / bar . 
  there are a couple of people and why on earth would someone chase you there . 
  for them its never worth the risk so why would they do that ? 
  even when they are 5 people chasing you . 
  one police officer with a gun is enough . 
  its not like random people following you have a gun !, 
  what is your argumentation . 
  it makes absolutely no sense . 
  let me guess . 
  you live in a big city and you have never been to a small town have you ? 
  why would you run to a police station . 
  you call . 
  this is a small village not a fucking large town . 
  you know everyone there . 
  this includes the 2 maybe 3 police officers . 
  why on earth would you be running towards the police station . 
  that makes zero sense . 
  why ? 
  we are talking small village here . 
  not a city . 
  you know everyone there anyways . 
  [ there is a person without limbs that can swim ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yam5_pcj3ic ) i have personally seen people without arms swim . 
  and i have seen people swim who sit in a wheelchair even tho their legs are basically just dead weight, 
  there are statistics but they are very unreliable as they are either * based on surveys which are inherently different depending on where you live * based on data about swim courses . 
  but many people who live close to lakes have never done a course . 
  for example i live close to the lake of constance and there are statistics that claim that many people here can not swim but they clearly can . 
  there are people unable to swim with 4 limbs . 
  not because they are physically unable but because they never learned it . 
  lets be honest here . 
  this is genius !, 
    double as good as hermes  disagree . 
  hermes smashes my doorbell untill i or my neibourgh open the door . 
  beside that , he is somehow always getting behind our front door to give you your package personally . 
  have you even read one thing i said ??? 
  ** this shit is region specific ** for your region hermes might be the best , in my region dhl is !, 
  as i said , dhl is better than everything else in my region . 
  their services have flaws but they are at least double as good as hermes and ups is not even comparable . 
  if shit hits the fan it is nearly always the guy upfront . 
  sure sometimes something does n't work behind the scenes but this is really rare and you have to be very unlucky to get hit by that . 
  calling the hotline awful is an understatement . 
  but hotlines in germany are generally soo bad that you could just outsource them to india or china without and loss in quality . 
  the hotline will only ever deny your problem you wont get help from them . 
  what you need is the person who is delivering the parcel . 
  wait in your neighborhood until the postman arrives and then talk to him . 
  he is the only one who can help you . 
  ask him who [ person x ] was there on [ date that the parcel should have been delivered the first time / second time ] . 
  then tell him how you want your parcel to be delivered . 
  ask him where there local center is . 
  like where they load the parcels into their cars . 
  go there and find [ person x ] then talk to him . 
  also talk to their boss . 
  if you really want your shit to work , you have to talk to those people directly or it wont work . 
  ok first of all , this is not limited to dhl it can happen with every delivery service and is usually linked to the person who is responsible for delivering it to your place and his direct superviser . 
  there are some really retarded postmen and some who are just arseholes . 
  but do n't forget there are also quite a bunch of capable and friendly postmen . 
  were i live dhl is by far the best choice . 
  hermes is cancer and ups made me think about murder . 
  ups here is soo bad , that i had a 2 hour conversation with amazon if they could find a way to never deliver something to me with ups again . 
  if your postman is not so good , it usually just helps to waylay him . 
  and then tell him what to do . 
  also make sure to get his name , this helps if you have to call some complaint-hotline . 
  if all postmen are of company x are equally shit , it is usually because their boss is a turd . 
  this is a problem that is hard to fix because you usually can not talk to them directly . 
  a friend of mine once drove to his local parcel center basically just to yell at them in a civilized manner . 
  he said it helped . 
  the most important thing tho is always to be somewhat nice to this people , even when shit hits the fan . 
  if you just yell at them , call them names and threaten them , the next time wo n't be better . 
  yeah we ( had/have ) the same problems in germany . 
  there have to be rules to fix that . 
  but those will take time . 
  it will also get a lot better once we have autonomous trucks . 
  this will take another 10 to 15 years tho . 
  that explains why i did n't know of it :d thanks, 
  then either the amount they have to pay is far too low , or i do n't get your problem, 
  i was to belgium . 
  its not that bad with the trucks . 
  also just introduce a fking truck-toll and this problem will be solved, 
  you know we have trucks from everywhere driving on our roads aswell . 
  but instead of spending the money to illuminate our roads so that everyone can dodge the potholes , we spend our money on fixing the streets, 
  belgium is a very pretty country , its just they have no roads , only tracks,
