  why i think its better ? 
  because it is better for the animals and for mother nature and there wo n't be as much residue of chemicals and medicaments that do n't belong there . 
  why is it important for the animals to be treated better ? 
  are you really asking me this ? 
  what is the point of your video or of veganism if yo do n't care how the animals are treated . 
  the images shown are exceptions to the rule . 
  yes it happens and it happens more often that it should . 
  but its not like that happens to every animal or even every 100th animal . 
  transporting animals alive in small containers is bad . 
  i know that and i do n't like this . 
  as for fish . 
  whats the problem with `` hunting '' fish . 
  what is the problem with hunting wildlife ? 
  those animals have a normal life whats the problem with killing and eating them . 
  yes mass fishing with huge trawls is bad , but there are other ways to fish . 
  i think chickens producing organic labeled eggs have a good life . 
  most meat that is labled as organic is coming from animals that had a somewhat good life . 
  i 'm not a big of mass meat production and i think it has to stop , but i also do n't think we have to stop every meat consumption . 
  also if you set your goal at something achievable you might actually achieve it . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but this video of yours is nothing but propaganda for your cause . 
  and it wo n't achieve anything . 
  yes there are instances where animals are abused . 
  but showing only them is like creating a documentary showing the us where you only show the beggars who are fucked by the system and claim that this is the us . 
  you are not fighting against animal abuse , nor for the abused animals . 
  you are simply saying that everyone has to become vegan because some animals are abused . 
  sorry but this argument is stupid . 
  yep i already checked . 
  there was a girl groped at the ass by 3 afghans . 
  the evening before that someone touched 3 other girls , police suspects an iranian . 
  1k youths , many with immigration roots but less than half . 
  knowing germany that means most ( but not all ) of those `` youths with immigrant roots '' were of turkish decent . 
  those people were rioting and destroying stuff . 
  police suspects that there was too much alc involved . 
  & nbsp ; i think we really need to get those rioting fucktards under control here in germany . 
  allso refugees groping women have to leave . 
  its that simple . 
   german authorities say [ ... ] do you have a link for that . 
  fking obvious from the beginning . 
  and whats the problem with serving cats or dogs ? 
  as long as they had a somewhat good life i do n't care if they are eaten or not . 
  thank you . 
  that joke went completely over my head . 
  edit : i did n't knew the different meaning for dyke, 
  what ? 
  what does religion have to do with dykes ? 
  i would really like to know . 
  goebbels would be proud, 
  yeah he was trying to talk around it without saying it xd was kinda hard i guess . 
  there is one thing that always baffles me . 
  we are talking about sexual assault not rape . 
  rape is a sexual assault but not all sexual assault is rape . 
  for example : groping a woman is sexual assault not rape . 
  calling everything rape is really disrespectful to women who have actually been raped . 
  do you have a source that links the national interest to be very conservative ? 
  i want to know if my source was wrong or not . 
  http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bk/publikationen/krim_statistik/2016/web_sicherheit_2016.pdf source is in german . 
  it is the public crime statistic for austria . 
  now they talk about a very high criminality within migrant groups here and they also highlight that the group of offenders that migrated from afghanistan is the biggest . 
  now they never talk about sexual assaults in combination with migrants in there so i can not confirm nor deny those numbers . 
  i can say that it is very likely that afghans have a significantly higher assault rate than syrians , but half of the cases seem a bit high, 
  https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/national-interest/ i could be totally wrong with this , but it seems comparably legitimate . 
  this is the first article about problems with refugees in a while that actually seems to be legit . 
  well there is sitting one person there . 
  if you take the towels away then you are basically making a fuss and this is nothing the officials there want . 
  so you are at the loosing end . 
  nope that would be damaging of another persons property . 
  the best option would be to collect them all and then bring them to the reception , telling them that someone must have lost them because they were lying around and there was no owner in sight . 
  i saw it as a bad translation of the headline and the subheadline . 
  my bad . 
  it would be nice if guys could take a look at your standard responses . 
  this one does n't really tell you why the subscription has been removed . 
  it is good that it has been removed tho . 
  that article is german . 
  is n't there a english article for this ? 
  have fun . 
  just tell them . 
  germans are upfront . 
  tell them you do n't like this and you will not respect a reservation like this . 
  its really simple !, 
  sorry for being german here : if you do n't have to gut to follow up with what people tell you , do n't complain on reddit . 
  you certainly wo n't change the way of 60 something year old germany by posting on a platform they have never heard about . 
  if you are annoyed by the towel placement do something about it / complain to those people directly . 
  ** do not be quiet about it and then complain about it behind their backs **, 
  do n't talk about a queuing system either . 
  its as simple as first come , first served . 
  as about the reservations . 
  as said its perfectly normal in germany to reserve a seat for your relatives/friends . 
  this means person a goes early and reserves a place for person b and c who follow an hour later or so . 
  but placing a towel on a seat the night before has nothing to do with a reservation , it is simply ill mannered . 
  if you are in a hotel simply bring the towels to the reception and say that the owners of the towels could not be found and that someone must have forgotten them there the day before . 
  if they could take car of them if the owner is looking for them . 
  yes germans tend to be a bit bold . 
  so be bold yourself and do n't let them abuse you . 
  if someone is reserving seats at the evening . 
  just take all the towels and throw them on one big pile during the night . 
  i mean nearly all germans reserve places , that is something very german . 
  but it usually means that one person is there reserving for his family . 
  or reserving the seats while you are in the water . 
  reserving seats while on breakfast is extremely bad mannered and can be called out into their faces . 
  this is clearly a scheme by britain to make sure europe falls in disarray during brexit negotiation .
