   well i would n't call him intelligent , [ ... ] or in other words , you underestimate your opponent . 
  you can combine intelligent with insane . 
  so when you think about his motives you have to look at the insane part . 
  when you look at how he does it , that 's the part where you have to accept his intelligence . 
  most people still do n't understand how he manipulates them . 
  the vast majority of europeans do n't understand how he is manipulating our political reactions . 
  it takes a fool to not call him intelligent . 
  most people do n't even understand how he manipulates them . 
  not accepting that he is intelligent would be underestimating your opponent and this would be a grave mistake !, 
  do n't underestimate erdogan . 
  he might be insane . 
  but that does n't change that fact that he is intelligent . 
  the combination of both is what worries me . 
  they knew exactly what they provoke in germany and the netherlands . 
  the election rallies they planed in germany and the netherlands were all planed in such a shady way , that the respective government had no choice but to forbid it . 
  erdogan is playing the long game and the polls tell us that he is winning it . 
  i really dislike ananas / pineapple a lot . 
  i could n't care less tho if its on a pizza or not . 
  its all up for the simplicity . 
  right now lastpass is convenient for me . 
  its possible i 'll switch once i have all of my old accounts saved in lastpass . 
  i know . 
  i 'm currently using lastpass . 
  but i 'm playing around with different pwmanagers right now . 
  i still do n't know what i prefer, 
  well i expect boris becker to have a shitty password . 
  but wtf is borussia dormund doing ? 
  there should be a public excuse for this . 
  edit : same for die welt and pro7, 
  we are . 
  there is currently a research project for storing energy under water . 
  [ link to the research project ] ( http://forschung-energiespeicher.info/en/projektschau/gesamtliste/projekt-einzelansicht/95/kugelpumpspeicher_unter_wasser/ ) [ wikipedia link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pumped-storage_hydroelectricity#underwater_reservoirs ) we are just not investing enough into research in my opinion . 
  lets be honest . 
  who cares about 200 people living of wellfare . 
  its not like they are forbidden from leaving the netherlands to go home, 
  i 'd rather eat cock, 
  i 'm a religious person . 
  i do volunteer work in my christian community . 
  it is my my believe that a secular state with a separated church is better for both the curch and the state . 
  i dont think the eu is headed toward totalitarianism , the eu is headed toward secularism instead !, 
  religious schools and hospitals should in my opinion not exist in a secular state . 
  due to one simple fact . 
  if we allow it for christian schools , we have to allow it for muslim schools as well . 
  with the current state of the islam , with the huge amount of extremist trends i simply do n't want them to have schools where they can raise kids to become good extremists . 
  a strong secular state is good for religions as it will protect them from other religions who are not keeping to the rules as well as atheists who convert their atheism into a religion . 
  there will be persecution within the religious communities . 
  but it will be a prosecution against those who preach hate against those who are not of their one true religion . 
  erdogan is a powerhungry despot . 
  he controlls the vast mayority of the turkish media ( there are still a few neutral media outlets left , but they are sparse ) . 
  he also put a lot of judges , police into jail or released them of their job . 
  so basically he tries to get rid ofeveryone who tries to opposes him to get absolute power in turkey . 
  he did the same with teachers to make sure the next generation becomes as erdogan loyal as possible . 
  his newest idea is the upcoming referendum which will turn turkey into a presidential system where the president has so much power , that he can basically govern without a parliament . 
  if this referendum comes to pass , he has the power to become a complete dictator and everyone expects him to use that power . 
  so everyone is against erdogan because he will be a dictator if he do n't stop him . 
  edit : what i forgot to mention . 
  turkey is a secular state . 
  erdogan wants to change this . 
  we do n't need another muslimic state . 
  did you just call the eu-parliament a shadowy organization ? 
  you mean low effort memes like calling everyone nazis ? 
  with just a day of delay , this is an incredible fast answer in europe [ here is your link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yy10l/the_turkeynetherlands_situation_in_a_nutshell/ ), 
  and thats the point . 
  the companies get controlled . 
  they have to act a certain way and if they stray to far there will be hefty fines . 
  those fines will be there if they act too harsh and if they do n't act at all . 
  so no , if a company is too trigger happy they have to expect a fine aswell . 
  if you are that insecure you should become a turkish minister !, 
  yes and no . 
  nothing as big and stupid as the us has . 
  but a small public inauguration with media report would be nice . 
  as far as i know its actually ok to say that . 
  but once you start telling people to hate the turks you have a problem . 
  example for imaginary group x. 
  ( keep in mind i 'm not very good at this )  the x are the worst . 
  they are living of our work . 
  they just sit around all day drinking and watching tv while the state is giving them money to do so . 
  we normal german people have to work all day and those fucking x get all the money stuffed up their ass . 
  i hate those bastards and you should hate the x to !, 
  edit : this might actually still be allowed . 
  i 'm not 100 % certain how hard the rules are . 
  but once you start to tell people to attack others , its definitly forbidden . 
  true . 
  this example was a bit extreme . 
  edit : what i should mention tho , the differences are very slim . 
   in the law of some countries , hate speech is described as speech , gesture or conduct , writing , or display which is forbidden ** because it incites violence or prejudicial action ** against or by a protected group , or individual on the basis of their membership to the group , or because it disparages or intimidates a protected group , or individual on the basis of their membership to the group . 
  so you are telling me there is one independend big media outlett left . 
  from what you 've told me they do write against erdogan . 
  i thought they would try not to provoke him while staying as neutral as possible . 
  in this case i have to agree with you . 
  i was wrong . 
  can you tell me what s\u00f6zc\u00fc said about erdogan calling the dutch and the germans nazis ? 
  or what they wrote about erdogans comment about the dutch and the srebrenicia genocide to stay on topic . 
  i have to take your word on that . 
  i cant check those sources of your cause i cant read turkish . 
  i can only check english sources and the vast mayority of them is pro erdogan . 
  i dont know if those media outlets of yours are against erdogan or if they just try to stay as liberal as possible . 
  i also do n't know their market share in turkey nor do i know if they actually critisize erdogan for what he is doing . 
  i have to rely on your word for most of it . 
  so give me answers .
