  and i guess 7k would be half her salary as boss of x, 
   `` i want to remind my german friends , and to all the world , you do not have the power to defame turkey , '' mr. erdogan said at a fund-raising event for a hospital . 
  `` you do not have the power to scare us with these kinds of things . '' there is no need to defame you if one simply tells the truth . 
  also germany would have the power to defame you . 
  germany would also have the power to scare you , as we can clearly see . 
  half a months salary sounds like a reasonable punishment / s jokes aside the main problem lies with how these people are schooled on the issue and the underlying system . 
  it should not be possible to `` simply '' move everything to some cloud . 
  while at the same time , everyone should have security lectures . 
  failing to do so is basically inviting an apocalypse . 
  they can be happy the that nothing worse happened . 
  i know this is a satirical comment . 
  still : [ ghoti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghoti ), 
  it will stay english as it is also the language of the internet . 
  adopting a shared language takes time . 
  so we have to wait another ~ 2 generations until nearly everyone speaks at least decent english . 
  with britain leaving my hope for the eu is to create a standard for english , maybe update some spelling to a variance that is closer to the spoken language . 
  i do n't mind what they are doing , but they seem to be rather extremist themselves . 
  this link does not work for me . 
  i had to add the www before the link . 
  [ fixed link ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-turkey-iduskbn1a5116 ), 
  i do n't care . 
  that 's the different between cultures . 
  talking behind someones back is seen as very rude in germany . 
  yeah i saw that :d, 
  is there a translation somewhere or do i have to use google translate ? 
  i did when it was release . 
  they extended it later , without a notice that they did so . 
  i hate if when they do that . 
  i just watched a german source ( swr ) where the police said that most of the aggressive people were german . 
  edit : i do n't really have a turk obsession . 
  there are a ton of german idiots that get aggressive when drunk . 
  the same goes for turks in germany . 
  i 'm not saying that there were more turks idiots than german idiots , that would be crazy . 
  i just said that when there are riots at events like this there are nearly always some turk idiots aside from the german idiots . 
  just a friendly reminder for your next post if you say translation in comments , then they have to be there just after you post the article , so you should have pre-written them . 
  if you post them 10 minutes later you will already have a bunch of downvotes . 
  turks are never involved in sexual assault ( like the silvester night ) and i never claimed they would . 
  i said that turks are most likely involved in the rioting . 
  if there are riots near where i life the turks are more often involved than not . 
  i do n't expect migration towards europe to stop within the next 2 decades . 
  specially with climate change coming up ,, 
  the same that happens to germans . 
  they go to jail , or get fines and so forth . 
  usually this is working very well as no one wants to be totally excluded from society and no one wants to be very poor . 
  but those aggressive asylum seekers very often simply do n't care . 
  they get enough money from the state to live with . 
  now for a german that would be very very little , but for someone coming from afghanistan this is a lot . 
  also german officials always want to be politically correct . 
  worst case for them is being called a nazi . 
  and this is constantly abused against them . 
  right now the media is working `` for '' those bastards as well as they would call out pseudo `` nazi-officials '' and do n't talk about the problems with refugees very often . 
  but this situation is changing right as we speak . 
  i never said that turks where involved in sexual assault . 
  that 's not what they would do . 
  i said that they were involved in the riots and this is something turks in the area where i live do . 
  please link your source . 
  the link that i found said that there have been a large number of people with migration background within those 1000 people but less than half . 
  i can not bring to words how stupid this comment is . 
  i could start a really long discussion here but honestly i 'm far too lazy to write all of it and it would be like talking to a wall . 
  there are a ton of studies out there who prove that vegans are often less healthy than non vegans . 
  even studies that are done and shared by pro vegan organizations . 
  so your argument is simply wrong , it is proven to be hard to have a good vegan diet . 
  from what you have written ( and also the video ) i will make the bold assumption that you are a vegan with rather extremist view , and in a way all extremists are the same . 
  so let me give you a little example . 
  it is a proven fact that some refugees here in germany have molested and/or raped german women . 
  that does not mean that all refugees are bad people . 
  in fact i have met quite a few really nice people . 
  it is exactly the same with the food industry . 
  there are some really bad idiots out there . 
  but not everyone is bad !, 
  yes there are problems and those problems need to be addressed . 
  but rampaging everyone must go vegan . 
  everyone in the food industry is bad !, 
  every label is a fraud !, 
  slogans like this are about as intelligent as burning cars in hamburg claiming you are fighting against capitalism . 
  and what will it bring . 
  nothing !, 
  with extremist opinions you will only find like-minded persons and those who oppose you . 
  but you will never find those in between and you will never convince the opposition so you will achieve exactly nothing with your efforts . 
  calm down , have a real look at what you want to achieve , think about what is a plausible goal , then calculate politics into it and then reduce it by another 50 % and now you have an actually achievable goal . 
  this goal is what you should be aiming for and this way you will make a difference . 
  because right now you are only chasing fairy tales , aggregation people and sending yourself further into the spiral of extremism . 
  germany has a problem right now . 
  and that problem is that it is afraid because of its own past . 
  for that reason politicians are afraid to act in some cases . 
  this will get better but slowly . 
  what i 'm speaking about here is that people who have been convicted of a crime often can not be send to where ever they came from because we either have no idea where they come from so no one will take them , or they come from a place were they would be punished by death for their crime so we can not send them back . 
  there are quite a few things that make it very hard sending those back and while i want those rules to be changed , i do n't want them to be ignored . 
  i know the german government wo n't change this rules , at least not for the next 10 years or so . 
  so we have to find other ways to deal with those idiots while constantly telling our government that there are things they need to address . 
  i will still vote for the center parties tho . 
  it is possible that the right wing will change these rules earlier , but they will also fuck up a lot of other important things . 
  right now living with the refugees is the lower of 2 evils . 
   i do n't think all the world can go vegan for lots of cultural , social and economic reasons but for your average citizen in an advanced european society i think it 's difficult to argue against . 
  its not very difficult to argue against that . 
  it is rather diffucult to argue why someone who does n't want to be vegan has to go vegan . 
  for example it requires a lot of effort for a vegan diet to be comparably healthy to a normal diet ( normal , not mc donalds and shit ) . 
  do i trust the labels ? 
  well i 'm from germany so i do trust most of them as i know the regulations . 
  obviously buying the cheapest of organic is n't much better due to simple mass production .
