russia is n't the only country using cyrillic alphabet though . 
  why is it inappropriate ? 
  our cultures are really similar to the point that it becomes hard to distinguish them in day-to-day life , it 's a fact . 
  and sure , ukranine deserves to be its own country . 
  yes , ukraine ( especially east ) feels almost like you never left russia . 
  i some times forget about it until a sign in ukranian or someone speaking it ( not so often in the east ) returns me back to reality . 
  yes , please do that . 
  world cup would be olympics-2 with billions of dollars of taxpayers ' money stolen while building olympic objects . 
  i 'm not assuming some shelves wo n't be empty once major supermarket chains run out of stock , but this title is a bit misleading . 
  it is said in the article that supermarkets are still stocked . 
  and [ metro ] ( http://www.metro-cc.com/internet/site/mcc/node/308230/len/index.html ) pictured there is not a typical supermarket , but rather a self-service wholesaler , targeted mainly at businesses . 
  so it makes sense for them to be the first to run out of banned products . 
  metro is not your ordinary supermarket chain , it 's basically a self-service wholesaler . 
  i was n't sure what was meant by oppression , i thought closest thing that could be stereotyped was this definition :  mental pressure or distress . 
  sadly the russians you know are not representative of the general population . 
  you have what is called selection bias . 
   homophobia , intolerance mostly true , most people think being gay is wrong . 
  ( though i do n't think they are going to act upon this ) . 
  and racism is blatant ( mostly towards immigrants from asia ) . 
   oppression people are afraid to initially open up to strangers and show emotions if that 's what you mean . 
  but with friends or once introduced people are quite cheerful . 
   vladimir putin 's foreign policy unfortunately people still have imperialistic feelings , still associate themselves with the `` great country ussr was '' . 
  so russia is seen by it 's population as the world power that is temporarily behind because west makes it so . 
  taking over crimea is generally approved of . 
  our mass media also plays part in it . 
  many people believe that everything that 's going on in ukraine is russia trying to save east ukraine from nazis . 
  edit : more on putin 's foreign policy : http://imgur.com/a/vdsgu this kind of thing titled `` i think this is the reason for us/eu sanctions '' gets upvoted in / r/russia . 
  because if the white guy was holding that flag , you could n't say for sure that he has no relatives that thought in that war i guess . 
  the text on the flag says `` thank you , grandpa , for the victory '' . 
  this slogan is often used for patriotic propaganda . 
  it refers to wwii , many of grandparents or great grandparents of currently living russians fought in that war . 
  obviously the black guy 's granddad did n't fight in it , so this is ironic . 
  so ... english is basically a dead language in europe . 
  i do n't know about the roads , but i 've heard the opinion on the lack of trash on the streets , and i agree with it . 
  if it 's cleaner in minsk , than in moscow , why ca n't we follow the same standard ? 
  russian media reports there are pro-russian-referendum movements in donetsk and kharkiv/kharkov , so these are the most likely next victims ... http://rt.com/news/ukraine-kharkov-rights-donetsk-202/, 
  for people in belarus ? 
  you know , things there right now are even worse than in russia . 
  i think you missed his point . 
  i think most of the part of population that can think for themselves does n't support what russia does in this conflict . 
  the rest is unfortunately brainwashed by media . 
  furthermore , it 's a protest , not a festival . 
  exactly . 
  the united russia party initially created by putin has duma ( lower parliament house ) majority ( by unfair elections ) . 
  i do n't quite understand the question . 
  are you asking who did i vote for ? 
  if that , i did n't vote , because i was n't at the place where i 'm supposed to vote at the time of the elections and did n't get the papers to vote at the place where i was beforehand . 
  but i 'd never vote for putin . 
   how can you back the claim that putin is pathologically afraid of fair elections and referendums ? 
  yes , putin was supposed to win , he had a majority of votes and still manipulated election results a lot . 
  that 's the answer to your question . 
  why do you think the probability of fraud in your country was higher ? 
  i saw people throwing in ballot papers before the elections even started with my eyes live on a web cam . 
  i had friends who were spectators and published results on their voting points were not the same they saw . 
  and this happened all over the country . 
  putin had majority of votes by manipulating media , yes . 
  but amount of manipulation with the actual election results was extreme in fact . 
  read my comment [ above ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1z5sr3/russian_troops_took_control_over_airports_in/cfqwdkd ) . 
  putin had majority of votes in most parts of the country ( except maybe moscow and st.petersburg ) , but the results were always manipulated to assure legitimacy of his presidency . 
  2012 elections had an evidence of lots of manipulations . 
  even records from the web cams on polling stations of people throwing in more than one ballot paper . 
  also on many polling stations published results did n't correspond to what spectators reported after counting . 
  if the laws worked , 2012 election results should 've been canceled , but the courts found reasons to ignore most of the evidence . 
  i am from krasnodar region ( where sochi is located ) and this was surprising to see at first in moscow homes . 
  the point stands . 
  people working on it just could never think of it , because it 's not so common . 
  i 've seen this warning in many public bathrooms in moscow and outside of it . 
  tap water is never drinkable , yes . 
  these are awkward questions to answer but ... there you go . 
  i 'm living alone , but used to live in a family of 4 , it was n't different anyhow . 
  as a male i can only guess , but i think pee paper goes there as well . 
  it is emptied when it 's full . 
  it does n't have any smell , no . 
  edit : missed a question , it goes with all the trash in a plastic bag . 
  i 'm not advocating the amount of money spent . 
  as a taxpayer i 'm in fact upset about so much money being spent . 
  this obviously was the most corrupted thing in years . 
  but i guess the idea of upgrading the pipes just did n't come to the person 's who was responsible for this particular hotel mind . 
  all my life i have been putting toilet paper into a bin and until now i never thought that i have to do this only because the pipe system is old and that clogging can be avoided by using more modern pipe system . 
  yes we have human right issues and corruption , but we 're not anywhere near north korea . 
  what do you mean by fake openness ? 
  i do n't see anything being faked about it . 
  it was meant to mean `` in assortment '' . 
  and comes from using google translate , because hiring a translator is ... expensive . 
  why should preparation to the olympics include replacing of pipes that are normally functioning apart from that ? 
  this kind of warnings is pretty common throughout russia . 
  we are so used to it i do n't think many russians would think of it as something not proper . 
   i do n't think that even any artificial language comes close to that bar have you heard of [ ithkuil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ithkuil ) ? 
  that was my first thought but it does n't seem like there is a lot of direct flights from us to mongolia . 
  fly to bejing and take a train to ulaanbaatar . 
  not everyone here likes putin . 
  at this point anyone not affiliated with putin will be good . 
  i think i had to wait somewhat longer , about 10 minutes , which is fine , but still not  without having to wait a single minute . 
   was it still is . 
  of course new stations do not compare to the ones built in stalin era , but most still look better than most other subways i 've seen . 
  you still have to wait , but only in one queue instead of two . 
   annexation it was n't an annexation , it was a transfer which made sense when ukraine and russia were both parts of 1 country , ussr . 
  that 's also why crimea was ethnically mostly russian in 2014 . 
  when ussr was collapsing , ukraine was allowed to keep ukraine on the condition of letting russia 's military stay in sevastopol which was a great deal in 1991 , not so much in 2014 for ukraine so they were looking into opting out of that . 
  of course , this does n't justify russia 's actions in crimea , but it 's not as black-and-white as you make it look .
