you say paradox , some might say hypocrisy . 
  listen , laws passed by europeans in a democratic process is fine . 
  no nation of people should be coerced in to something they do n't want . 
  fine , i totally understand that . 
  switzerland can ban mosques for all i care . 
  but then to turn around and start bleating key-words like ` freedom of expression ' , ` freedom of speech ' , ` most moral nations in the history of mankind ' etc. 
  it just smacks of hypocrisy , pure and simple . 
  a lot of the tensions in europe is due to its leadership spouting idealistic over the top * feel-good * statements that are outside of reality . 
  if they were true to the wants of their populations , and admitted that there are constraints in what they define as freedom of expression , no-one would have a problem . 
  do n't bother with this tit-for-tat bro . 
  the statement :  people who wear burqas are radical , it 's a fact . 
  this law attempts to curb them , not the average muslim . 
  is so ignorant that it does n't warrant an intelligent response . 
  would you argue with someone who says all white people are racist ? 
  no , because that individual is either a troll , ignorant , or has a mental deficiency . 
   `` western food is haram , i do n't trust them . '', 
  `` they have a dog , they 're not clean . '', 
  `` i do n't speak the language . '', 
  '' ... '' so we should not invite vegetarians and people who are allergic to pets ? 
   nope , not going to happen . 
  they form their own associations and clubs , often religiously inspired . 
  think of burqa/veiled women-only swimming classes . 
  of course they form their own associations just like almost all immigrant groups of a size-able number i.e. 
  the polish in the uk . 
  this does n't mean they 'll shirk your invitation to join the local town recycling club . 
  then you pick out separate swimming sessions for veiled women . 
  how is that relevant to allowing them to participate into other community activities ? 
  and how many testimonies of burqa/niqab wearing women who feel they are forced have you heard ? 
  have your muslim female friends told you they feel compelled to wear it ? 
  please let 's stop this ` saving you from yourself ' bullshit . 
  non-one gave a shit what the muslim women thought of this ruling before it was passed , so lets quit pretending that the law is for them . 
  turkey can hang erdogan tomorrow , allow its airspace to be used by russia and the syrian army , and bend over as low as it can for the eu to do whatever it wants to them , the europeans will still not love them . 
  they never will . 
  it will only begin probably after putin cripples all other opponents of assad . 
  only then , when assad is nice and comfy on his throne , will he turn to isis . 
   every time there 's a comment about romanian criminality , the discussion always becomes `` hey it 's not us , the real romanians , it 's the gypsies . 
  it 's their fault ''  is there any effort to tone done such speech ? 
  or is the debate always : `` welp we 're a poor country , nothing we can do about it . 
  default two responses whenever an article has ` romanian ' and ` crime ' in the same sentence . 
  the roma are the go-to culprits for all the ills of romanian people . 
  at least that 's what it seems like . 
  not really . 
  well you did state an uninformed opinion on her motives and presented it as fact . 
  to brand her as an attention seeking troublemaker chasing publicity shows your bias . 
  say the school has a rule and leave it at that , not make up a devious scheme to paint the girl in a negative light . 
  edit : spelling . 
   following your logic , should the girl of the article be subject to a similar scrutiny in order to see if she 's religious enough ? 
  you are purposefully being obtuse by comparing the scrutiny of a religion specifically created to mock the concept of religion and faith to one of the three main abrahamic religions . 
  if you do n't agree with the headscarf then fine . 
  just stop using blatantly idiotic arguments to pretend there 's rationality in any of this . 
   there 's a thing called `` sexual education , '' which partly involves the act of observing . 
  that 's not what i asked . 
  if being nude in front of children is ok in the name of naturism , then should sexual intercourse be ok as well ? 
  not a drawing of a penis and a vagina , but actual sexual intercourse on the beach in front of a group of children playing nearby ? 
  how about viewing a cadaver ? 
  or animals mauling each other ? 
  the point i 'm trying to hammer home is that there are things children should be shielded from , regardless what the selfish adults think is ok for them in the name of ` nature ' . 
  by that logic children should be allowed to observe sexual intercourse since it 's a representation of the natural state , just as nudism is . 
  it 's spreading , and the prime minister of the country just endorsed it . 
   fascism ` was killing anyone every other week in europe with the current trends and atmosphere in europe , it 's coming . 
  would you let your 8 year old daughter just chill in front of a 60 year old man with his balls hanging out ? 
  this is a distraction and people are too dumb to see as that . 
  the hypocrites here with their hate-boner for turkey under the guise of a moral code must be self-aware or mentally impaired . 
  the us has used the eu as its shopping basket , ` ordering ' anyone even remotely associated with an undesirable . 
  no peep then , when people were flown out to guantanamo bay , tortured and mistreated with little evidence and no opportunity of a court hearing . 
  many we released without a charge , and flown out to a barren area in kazakhstan under surveillance . 
  the eu countries that were extraditing submissively were aware of these conditions , but still bent over backwards because `` what the us says we must do ! '' . 
  if a socialist uprising occurred in the us , and their coup d'etat failed , any eu country they fled to would hand them over , even if the us promised to hang , draw , and quarter the perpetrators . 
  at least be honest and say fuck turkey . 
  we know there 's no morality in geopolitics . 
  nato has a magic switch for all european countries . 
  if any step out of line through populist means ( elected anti capitalist for example ) , the switch is flicked on . 
  the question is do you blame nato for this ? 
  hold on to strategic power by any means necessary . 
  it 's a balance between individual freedom and collective power . 
  so you 're denying that the deep state ever existed in countries like italy ? 
  even though there were several investigations that proved it as well as eu debate on the subject where it was condemned ? 
  do you deny the existence of a once operation gladio ? 
  he 's tackling the turkish deep state . 
  erdogan probably had a list of gulen 's agents ready for a good purging when the need arrived . 
  the failed coup was the perfect justification . 
  turkey , as discovered by the italians in the early 90s with operation gladio within their own country , has an entrenched state within a state . 
  i sense another coup at a far grander scale coming before nato allows erdogan to fuck everything up . 
  erdogan is not comparable to hitler , so there 's that . 
  so the us army overthrowing the bush government would 've been a correct course of action ? 
   i saw muslims handing out leaflets and a whole table set up in my town centre recently . 
  i 've never seen that . 
  religion in the uk is very lowkey . 
  it felt very inappropriate . 
  what are you on about . 
  most , if not all , big city centres have missionary types from a range of religions . 
  did the bible wielding man hollering jesus ' name not an eye-sore enough for ya ? 
  how about the scientologists and nation of islam types ? 
  it 's not the end of the world mate calm your tits . 
  they would rot and decay . 
  you seem to underestimate the positive global impact of islamic expansion . 
  i mean it 's not like the church dragged europe through the proverbial slime of ignorance . / s, 
  but if there 's a military coup after every unfavourably viewed ( subjective ) democratic result , how in the world would this nation be seen as even remotely secular ? 
  it would be a military dictatorship parading as a democracy , i.e. 
  the turkey of yesteryear .
