caring , compassionate left-wing politics . 
  russians hate turkish tomatoes as much as [ germans hate spanish cucumbers ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2011/may/31/e-coli-deaths-16-germany-sweden ), 
  britain [ learnt in 1992 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday ) that sharing a currncy with germany is a terrible idea . 
  it seems the rest of europe had n't been paying attention back then and are being taught an even harder lesson . 
   why did you even take them in if you 're are n't even giving the slightest effort to integrate them ? 
  it 's the new arrivals who should be making the effort to integrate , not the hosts . 
  i 'll be eating copious amounts of popcorn when the `` polite people '' invade you to `` liberate '' the russian-speaking minority from `` lithuanian oppression . '', 
  the eu wo n't do a thing to help you , just as it did nothing in yugoslavia . 
   i do n't feel like the other europeans are entirely outsiders . 
  as long as the north sea and english channel exist , you are . 
  typical multi-culti propaganda from the bbc, 
  it 's natural for countries that were/are great powers to have conflicts of interests and territorial disputes . 
  for example , the great game in afghanistan in the 19th century , because british policy makers felt that russia threatened india . 
  the thing is russians seem to take it personally as a great conspiracy by `` the west '' against them . 
  it 's just business between nations . 
  britain also felt threatened by france and prussia/german empire , and adopted defensive postures against them too , e.g. 
  building fortifications on our southern coastline ( which were nicknamed palmerston 's follies . ), 
   you just ignore facts , because they are against your point of view ? 
  you 're projecting . 
  every country in europe has been enemies or allies at one time or another . 
  in war & peace , tolstoy goes on long diatribes about how the napoleonic invasion of russia was basically a manifestation of `` the west 's '' hostility to russia . 
  russia 's paranoia about `` the west '' goes back a long way . 
  that 's somewhat ironic coming from a finn : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_heritage_disease, 
  looking for any excuse to wallow in self-pity . 
  germans do n't really understand democracy , after all they 've only had it since we and the usa imposed it on them after 1945 . 
  do n't forget to install anti-glider poles . 
  not as costly as the sovereign debt crisis and migrant crisis has been to greece . 
  then how do you account for lexus almost always outperforming german `` premium '' brands in reliability surveys ? 
  do n't want to see germany burning , just wondering aloud why german redditors itt are so salty . 
  german cars ` amongst least reliable ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-32332210 ) german cars are amongst the least reliable , and japanese cars amongst the most dependable , according to an industry survey . 
  `` honda 's success in the reliability index is chiefly down to low failure rates , '' said jim holder , the editor of what car ? 
  `` however , when things do go wrong , the cars are also relatively cheap to fix . '', 
  i do n't want censorship or id cards , but unfortunately ... 
  and our nuclear weapons testing ground . 
  well siemens is certainly busy inspecting the entire fleet of heathrow express trains that have been taken out of service today because one has developed a crack in its underframe . 
  more reliable than a german car and lower cost of ownership ( parts & service etc. ), 
  the idea of having to carry an id card is anathema to british people . 
  id cards were introduced as emergency measures during both world wars . 
  after wwii finished , the id card was kept and suffered `` feature creep . '', 
  it became very unpopular as people only accepted them as a wartime necessity . 
  eventually they were withdrawn due to public pressure . 
  vag , bmw & daimler ag will be rather unhappy that one of the largest markets for their cars has been cut off . 
  gosh the germans on here are so angry . 
  mind you , i 'd probably be in a bad mood too if my head of government had thrown open my country 's borders to over 1 million `` refugees . '', 
  bermuda rectangle ( for british children ) . 
  `` it has never been like this and now it is exactly the same again . '', 
  the syrians got the camp in calais by asylum-shopping their way through the schengen area , so it will add fuel to the fire . 
  from reading your post i wonder what generalisation can be made about people displaying the eu flag . 
   its still hovering around 50/50 it is at the moment . 
  but with further eu ineptitude at handling the migrant crisis and with this year to face an even bigger influx , the balance will tip in favour of leave . 
  no such thing as celtic ethnicity . 
  it 's a culture that arrived in the british isles about 500bc , long after stonehenge was built . 
  typical grauniad-think, 
  solution : do n't fast during ramadan because it 's unnecessary . 
   i guess lent is also a backwards superstition ? 
  whattaboutery . 
  lent is to give up a luxury for 40 days , rather than all food and water during daylight hours , which affects cognitive ability . 
  it 's rarely practiced here nowadays , because most people accept is as an unnecessary superstition and has no affect on pupil 's abilities to sit exams . 
   or do only the brown peoples religions become `` superstitious '' clutching at straws . 
  challenging your simple acceptance of an illogical superstition is `` not helpful '' . 
  do n't you have an actual rebuttal to my question ? 
  if fasting all day can strongly affect cognitive ability , and the people doing it know this and yet still persist , then they are behaving illogically . 
  why ? 
   fasting all day ( water & food ) can strongly effect your cognitive ability . 
  so why do such a stupid and illogical thing ? 
  for any other reason , kids being starved would be considered child-abuse or cult-like behaviour . 
   they should try a secular state . 
  the paperwork required would level the amazon rainforest . 
  the majority were n't even consulted or informed before the decision was made . 
  why ca n't muslims get with the programme and realise we 're in the 21st century ? 
  the uk is situated at a more northern latitude then the desert where their dawn to dusk fast was set . 
  as a consequence we have much longer hours of daylight in summer making their superstition more inconvenient for them and more disruptive to us . 
  remember the wave of internet outrage for the comet-lander scientist 's shirt , which did not stop until he made a tearful public apology . 
  where are those outraged masses now ? 
  it 's not considerate to the majority , to change the timetables to suit the backward superstition of a minority . 
  the mayor 's `` advice '' goes without saying , her response was a glib platitude and easily misinterpreted as victim blaming . 
  she 's a politician and politicians know what the consequences of their words can be and how to say things without pissing people off . 
  she should get her flunkies to give her a better briefing before attending a press conference or make way for a better candidate for the job . 
  it wo n't work in the future either because the perpetrators force themselves on their victims , the only way a woman can guarantee to be an arm 's length away is to never go to a public event again , so the mayor 's advice is totally unrealistic and dumb . 
  how can women stay an arm 's length away when the exit of the train station was blocked by a gauntlet of pervert 's groping hands and the polizei are nowhere in sight ? 
  the mayor is a dumbarse . 
  interesting , a bit like the word `` dread '' in english , e.g. 
  `` dread lord '' meaning to be in awe of god . 
  nowadays dread means only fear or terror . 
  the eu wo n't be able to impose iniquitous tariffs and quotas on the uk because they 'll get their bum smacked by the wto . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  her actions have increased the chances of a brexit vote in the referendum . 
  thanks angie !, 
  we also had newton , shakespeare , faraday & darwin on our money whereas euros just consist of bland imaginary architecture so as not to offend anyone . 
  a hammer and sickle will liven it up !, 
  seeing irish tricolours outside of some pubs here is very strange . 
  makes me wonder if they they pass the collecting plate round . 
   can you imagine uk forces being under french command ? 
  it happened in 1940 . 
  not a good precedent . 
  in britain , personal space is serious business . 
  they were political entities consisting of differing peoples joined together against their will . 
  typhoon ca n't be navalised because the position of the canards would obscure the pilot 's downward vision on carrier approach . 
  the canards are in that position to improve supersonic manoeuvrabilty . 
  the rafale has its canards in their position to avoid this and also has a smaller nose radome to improve pilot visibility too .
