  funniest thing in the thread, 
  or attention seeking, 
  lol there 's always someone fighting against / r/soccer masses and crying about `` anti x sentiment '' on this sub, 
  he 's not shit , he 's not the best english player of the last decade either . . 
  truth is somewhere in the middle , he 's good , young , and english , and given how luke shaw can be on 120k p/w it 's not crazy to think that he deserves it too . 
  he needs to realize he 's at liverpool who 's not that financially capable to handle out massive contracts loosely like manu , city , psg or any other ultra rich team does, 
  is there someone spanish or with connections at barca at stoke ? 
  like graham carr who does his business in france ( and holland to some extent ) for newcastle, 
  how are you guys working with masch at cb when he 's 175 ? 
  ca n't be only pique and busq doing all the heading in set pieces ? 
  ah ye that would make sense, 
  would be funny to see stoke try to tiki taka with sorts of whealan and adam and get fucked by everyone and get relegated, 
  did n't watch much of immers or feyenoord but is he that shit/whats the joke here ? 
  ye mate imagine, 
  are you imagining ? 
  ah the laughs, 
  lol for some reason i though he 's playing as a 10 behind pelle , making runs so that pelle can bag them goals, 
  ac milan is called milan or milano as far as i know in europe , never heard/seen anyone use ac, 
  from ronaldo and co to muntari and bonera, 
  i 'd love this to be true , just to see what ancelotti can do with that squad, 
  ca n't wait then !, 
  i miss milan dominating in europe, 
  huh why ? 
  fo3 and nv had gore and no one was shocked, 
  i think usa takes the cake for that, 
  lol yaya really ? 
  he always looks like he does n't give a fuck, 
  you got burnt out, 
  go take a break for a few months , that 's what i did and it helped me immensely, 
  british really ? 
  haha wow i just skimmed trough, 
  he 's not far off some british people i 've seen tho . . ^ come ^ at ^ me, 
  show them the bill for the implant, 
  out of that 70 , 5 goes to agent fees , other 65 to berlusconi, 
  everyone was a free transfer, 
  by a guy with a replica pistol ? 
  i doubt he was intimidated, 
  iirc he says a line akin to `` the fact that it says replica on the side of your pistol '', 
  that might not be snatch at all , lock stock maybe, 
  i dunno he 's always the same guy, 
  ah ye , vinnie jones , great man, 
   because alex morgan is a woman and women 's football is n't as popular or as competitive, 
  yes, 
  less popular someone is , less likely is for people to recognize them , there 's no offense there , she 's just not popular enough to be recognized ( even by chief of fifa ), 
  paired with sepp being sepp i do n't know how could someone be suprised this happened, 
  no offence to you but probably because he came to city for money , and has no emotional connections to the club, 
  captaining his country 's side is something else tho, 
  wonder who 's playing now that 's gon na do a robben in 5-10 years, 
  i 'm aware mate , it 's just it 's sepp blatter , can you really expect something else from him ? 
  if it was someone actually competent i would be surprised with this circus , but as things stand i can just laugh at it all, 
  chuckled, 
  how long is the game ? 
  i got some mods for it , like hd textures and such and i 'm 2 hours in , i just went to r&d section of medical bay after finding dr. whoever-he-is dead, 
  my my hey hey, 
  but that 's exactly what valencia got ? 
  pace and stamina , he 's not really good at defending , rafael ( when fit ) is better at defending than him , but that does n't mean much lol, 
  haha maybe because it was 11 euro a share ? 
  great investment, 
  they need someone who can score goals , not welbeck, 
  you were only frugal because of the stadium deal , after ozil and sanchez , martinez is not that impossible, 
  what a useless discussion then, 
  lol wth just because he 's an inter fan he ca n't possibly watch premier league enough to have a opinion about giroud ? 
  how did you fell in love with a text update, 
  you can watch streams ? 
  i watch all my games online , except when i 'm too lazy to get off my couch because we have epl on cable, 
  i still do n't get why villa then lol, 
   i also loved the simple david villa baby celebration where he would just suck his thumb . 
  was n't that totti 's originally ? 
  snarky dialogue and humor are kinda fallout 's thing, 
  more ghouls ? 
  i do n't recall anything else there ? 
  there 's also the vampire society and fire ants and that 's about it, 
  i 'm out of the loop , what did media say about newcastle fans ? 
  oh so you thought aston villa flair vas valencia ? 
  ooh , it 's all clear now , sorry for the hassle lol, 
  turkey is secular, 
  and i 'd guess 82nd ab and 1st id, 
  wait do they do that ? 
  victorian london was scary enough , imagine that tunnel, 
   because gta 5 always ends for me the second i finish the story ;, 
  then the game is obviously not for ou, 
  you do n't like it and it 's okay that you do n't, 
   just cause 2 keeps you going with really fun gameplay . 
  gta 5 has pretty much nothing to keep you around . 
  see we most likely have different definitions of fun because i prefer and love gta for its gameplay first , then the story , where jc only has to offer a huge map and permission to blow up anything you see, 
  i honestly still do n't know why and if they willingly let suarez go . 
  there 's just no way in replacing him and they would arguably be better off with him and without balo , can , markovic , lallana and all others they brought as a replacement . . 
  yes i know , hindsight and all , but that 's what happened with spurs and bale and it was bound to happen to liverpool too, 
  yep , i do n't know what they thought it 's gon na happen and i wish someone could explain me their reasons as i ca n't see why they preferred 60 odd million instead of another year or two of suarez, 
  i 'd understand if he forced a move because barca is obviously a step up from liverpool , but iirc that was n't the case, 
  why did he leave anyway ? 
  i loved reading his comments, 
  yet again be happy you 're not a pompey or blackpool fan , it 's not that grim being an everton fan me thinks, 
  i loved his ability to cause so much butthurt and as a neutral in epl i did n't really mind anything he said about other teams, 
  wonder if he 's gon na come back, 
  damn did n't know brondby produced so much talent, 
  maybe he 'll do a walcott/adebayor untill they renew, 
  jovetic , nastasic , savic , jojic , ljaljic , markovic off top of my head, 
  watch out for andrija zivkovic and pantic too , they should go abroad soon too, 
  of course i 'm just saying,
