  they do . 
  news are full of `` nato airstrike kills 10 taliban fighters '', 
  what , why ? 
  i was not serious tho, 
  just gon na save you the work and tell you you 're gay, 
  you were just pregnant , that 's all, 
  i 'm not from us , also i doubt that if they were n't there , anything would be different, 
  what circlejerking ? 
  do n't you have any shame ? 
  i 'll start hitting on girls that post progress pictures here and see if i 'll get downvoted , because this thread is pure orgasm fest, 
  is this / r/circlejerk, 
  here 's the pesedit patch , you have a list of features there, 
  here take this, 
  you look like a jersey shore cast member in the 2nd, 
  so many x 's, 
  yes, 
  why would they be butthurt ? 
  i always thought jenkeys gameplay was the most popular one ? 
  i used that since 2011 and it was nice, 
  srs is a circlejerk , it 's not serious . 
  there are no shitlords . 
  dont you get that ? 
   bunch of asian guys, 
  what, 
  but it 's bad, 
  so many x 's, 
  you look like a jersey shore cast member in the 2nd, 
  and north americans are redneck idiots with no education that drink beer all day while being fat amirite, 
  you do know that europe is not a single country ? 
  ja sam izvredjao jednog lika i on mi uplatio reddit gold na mesec dana ja neverica, 
  what does turkey have to do with it, 
  i wish i knew any of the players you are talking about, 
  did n't clinton order the 1999 bombing ? 
  the [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exercise_tiger ) article says 946 people died !, 
  holy shit, 
  what, 
  which is not the case with this or any tree, 
  also how could you misspell the main word in the thread title ? 
  you mean hly, 
  you look like my grandpa with that harrington, 
  why are you crying all the time, 
  pls dont cry, 
  what 's the best under 150 $ camera at the moment ? 
  i want nice pictures for less money, 
  oh god they are all above 200 $ here in serbia , guess i had that coming with our prices :d anything cheaper worth looking at ? 
  thanks btw, 
  i love this man but i find him incredibly ugly and hairy haha, 
  dmc-sz7 is actually 290 euros which is like 375dollars . 
  i 'm basing my prices on few online shops here , i 'm sure they are some retailers that sell them cheaper , at least i hope so . 
  yeah spouse i could find , i 'll look at the german ebay first , the shipping fees are smaller, 
  no , i meant i wife i could find , why are you so mean to me, 
  he just likes to attack from the wing , like evra or dani alves, 
  arent you original, 
  send one to serbia please, 
  downvoting in waywt = killing puppies, 
  do you want me to ? 
  cue, 
  you just said `` upvote because randy '' , you did n't really say `` yeah , hes amazing i fucking love him '', 
  jesus dude , if you want more styles , contribute more styles , its all user generated . 
  hipster has lost it meaning nowadays and i dont really know anymore what are you referring to as hipster look ? 
  so you say that you and other users are complaining that other users are n't submitting other styles ? 
  see how silly that sounds ? 
  well at least making a rage comic about it is more mature , right ? 
  wow its not even her, 
  there 's this http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/10ls0u/lpt_if_youre_going_out_and_taking_your_device/, 
  is n't it the same thing ? 
  michael 's sons, 
  what , no . 
  they are . 
  [ proof ], 
  you and everyone else who think they 're clever, 
   and i 'm the type of person who can eat spaghetti while watching gory horror movies . 
  woah, 
  no , they clearly said i washed my hands for supper, 
  but i want to debate, 
  you did n't point anything bad in the game , it looks like a ea trailer more than a review, 
  fuck , man, 
  pa to se podrazumeva o boze jesi ti neki neiskusan huligan, 
  no its added by ur mom omg burn fagget loooooooooooooooooool [ 9 ], 
  upvote for you magnificent bastard, 
  you mean reddit, 
  they are image macros not memes btw , unless some of upcoming images become viral, 
  hahah do you call your club manu by any chance ? 
  do they really need another one ? 
  i do n't know if anyone of them can replace modric tho . 
  btw love the comments on that article, 
  whats with the video title , something about august 2012 ? 
  if you did n't say exactly i would totally lose my shit, 
  milo\u0161 jovanovi\u0107 in reply to zorulembo 2 hours ago 13, 
  saw that zara jacket and thought about picking it up , would you recommend ? 
  how 's the fit and could you post a picture wearing it ? 
  this is not my statue, 
  are you serious ? 
  because humanity = reddit, 
   genitals do not the man or woman make . 
  that 's exactly what they do . 
  you have a dick ? 
  man . 
  you have a vagina ? 
  woman,
