  could you bother to answer me ? 
  no im gon na post it with wait for it in the title, 
  it only stopped me from playing in the early days of win7 and vista when they were n't supported . . 
  oh the troubles with bf2, 
  list of requirements :, 
  - battlefield 1942 -, 
  holy shit they were up 0-2 and it 's 4-2 now ffs, 
  edit 5:2, 
  i had cardiff , derby and palace for potential 70euros win ... sigh, 
  nice reply , casually_racist, 
  contract ? 
  we were not, 
  you know it 's bad when they hide the like/dislike bar, 
  sta, 
   no one has time or money to be healthy . 
  sigh , this again, 
  kakav si huligan, 
  what ? 
  i never seen so used as much as here, 
  sto, 
  you can still dress shitty with millions of dollars, 
  why would you call it that when it 's clearly an asshole , not vagina ? 
  not really, 
  well that 's what it says in the title, 
   people find out where you live and come and kill you ? 
  what , no hahaahahaha, 
  be even more careful, 
  you ca n't get in trouble if you accidentally look at cp , but downloading and buying is another thing, 
  qpr ? 
  what job ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's a dream life for many, 
  you 're telling me it is a bad thing ? 
  as a serb i do ethnic cleansing daily , based on the weather and time of the year, 
   kinda why i was banned from commentating in r/gonewild . 
  what ? 
  haha , so because your dating high standards you got banned from a subreddit for nude photos ? 
  what did you do , went to every thread and say `` would not bang '' ? 
   i even speak serbian relatively well, 
  no you dont, 
  but this is not about you ? 
  no thats the british way , you got ta exclaim \u00a1 arriba ! \u00a1 arriba !, 
  while doing it, 
  you heard it here first, 
  people are stupid, 
  what circlejerk ? 
   seriously . 
  the random and unprovoked downvotes are becoming pandemic on mfa . 
  not only on mfa tbh, 
  nice, 
  no one is justifying it, 
  argentina, 
  i 'm sorry it might seems obvious to other people , but i have to say that you 're actually either stupid or `` trolling '' , as people like to call it these days, 
  what ? 
  no he didnt justify it he just said, 
   the ordeal with the woman is the real issue . 
  that looks like a cop getting a little red-faced with shame and lashing out for making a mistake and someone getting in his face about it . 
  the first 2 shots missed him i think ? 
  i 'm just gon na remove myself from this, 
  haha anthrax pie, 
  no , when a question got -9 points it 's not a bot it 's people downvoting it . 
  when a post has lets say 1000 upvotes and 200 dowvnotes that 's a bot, 
  you could like , just say that to him, 
  i have to say that those sniper shots looks staged , might be those propaganda reels , other than that it 's really good footage, 
  pretty sure the kid is photoshopped, 
  oh please , they are not stupid and naive , if they were they would n't still be here , and i 'm pretty sure their every action is planned to make them look like the martyrs and victims, 
  yes it is, 
  fuck you no, 
  but they were still under rocket attacks . 
  the thing is the civilians on both sides are not guilty of anything . 
  the hamas and idf are, 
  that rocket still exploded somewhere , maybe not killing anyone but it still did some damage , so it is a retaliation, 
  i 'm sorry that you think otherwise , but it is . 
  you 're on a pole, 
  [ source ], 
  they got lazy and just switched the colors on those 2, 
  how do you know that 's the reason `` we '' are downvoting him ? 
  anyone know how exactly did he die ? 
  i mean he grazed him with that knife and he died , yet the other guys get a stabbing and survives, 
  little offtopic but this top comment on youtube, 
   i cant even imagine how these soldiers must feel when they 're being shot at . 
  or when they shoot back . 
  not knowing wether they may be hit any time . 
  by shrapnel , a 7.62 round , an incoming mortar round , an rpg , or perhaps , friendly fire . 
  i ca n't imagine the adrenaline they have being pinned down by lmg fire . 
  the feeling of knowing friendly air supports en route must be awesome though . 
  probably thinking t themselves ... `` those fuckers shoot at us . 
  now , those fuckers die . '', 
  lol . 
  god bless us/nato troop, 
  made a bit angry because he made it sound like the nato troops are the only one experiencing that and that god should bless them and all that shit . . 
  i guess that 's just me . . 
  [ how about ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3rtf0k/ ), 
  god , what a shitty title, 
  i do n't get what that have to do with anything ? 
  i just pointed out that the comment sounds like the nato troops are the only ones dealing with war and all the horrible stuff that comes with it, 
  it had nothing to do with my comment so whats the point replying to me ? 
  no shut the fuck up with this , it made me rage more than op 's picture, 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just not true in this day and age for americans . 
  in ww2 and vietnam yes , when there were drafts , but today they all join not by force but on their own . 
  2004 probably,
