  we 're 2nd in producing players for abroad too !, 
  that 's a huge if . 
  he 's been horrible sadly, 
  i do n't know . 
  if you follow aba basketball league our away fans do n't have that much problems when playing cibona etc , now obviously it 's not the same in football but one can only hope . 
  and yes , ex yu league would be awesome . 
  he 's not worth 10 imo, 
  how do you plan on signing players in march ? 
  he probably has 20 stamina , strength and sprint speed, 
   thank you for your service . 
   the limp hand he 's hiding onto hits me right in the feels . 
  he 's shit after his injuries, 
  at fulham ? 
  i doubt it, 
  i 'm not american and it annoys the shit out of me , especially with these modern wars where there 's no draft and they 're fighting some peasants in afghan mountains ( for god knows what reason ), 
  i hate both the `` feels '' comment that reeks 12 year old and thanking for service, 
  yeah that 's more extreme case i think , because i do n't think people are that stupid to actually believe that ( there 's exceptions obviously ), 
  oh i agree , all respect to soldiers for going there , i ca n't imagine the shit they see , but i see no point in thanking them , even more as a non-american, 
  do you have something against the goat ? 
  that applies to you then , does n't it ? 
  just downvote my comment and move on , i like to think i can comment freely on stuff i do n't like tho !, 
  yeah , i do n't hate soldiers or anything , just that sentiment of thanking them !, 
  it would be logical to thank the vets from ww2 because they had a true cause , to fight and stop invading germany ... again , i 'm not american and do n't know how i would think about it in that situation . 
  it says that he misses italy in the text on the right, 
  b&w striped kits unite, 
  i wonder why . 
  good thing this is not hockey, 
  picture no . 
  1 is belgrade , serbia, 
  just did some googling, 
   so , why do dogs scratch with their hind legs after defecating ? 
  you might think the dog is trying to cover up his poop like a cat does , but it 's actually a way to mark territory , with the scratch marks in the ground pointing to the scent the dog has left . 
  because football is great and it 's the only viable game ( pes is even more broken this year ), 
  i think you got it better than majority , not just the syrians . . 
  look at your budget . . you 'll be fine, 
   you can tell how much someone knows about football based on whether they think welbeck is a good player or not . 
  so you like to think you know plenty about football because you think welbeck is a good player lol ? 
  there 's definitely something we do n't know here, 
  i love umbro kits, 
  bahia one is great, 
  that 1984-92 crest is really nice, 
  no , its more like it being chelsea blues, 
  i love the usual `` volvo pls , broken game '' cry in your description, 
  it even has `` gg '', 
  and pc , although that 's expected, 
  italy would suit him , slower pace football etc, 
  lol, 
  you 're that guy that ca n't play for shit but is the only one with the ball , so he 's always invited, 
  holy shit talking about assumptions and overreacting !, 
  how the fuck do you know these are those kids ? 
  all based on this picture ? 
  . . what is wrong with you people, 
  it 's really bugging me . 
   you did n't have to , which is kind-of the point it was making . 
  you could have stopped the game , but playing that part , or any part of it , was your choice . 
  lol what a shit argument that is , sorry . 
  you could say that about any game then . 
  spec ops the line did n't give you any choice , just a story on rails that you follow , i agree that it 's not your ordinary shooter but that argument that you could just quit the game is just silly . 
  yeah what the fuck, 
  lol sto, 
  how about you read the first 2 lines of the fucking article then , instead of complaining about the title ? 
  you ca n't do anything , it 's a common glitch . 
  how is it a misleading title ? 
  it is fucking ronaldo, 
  and an enemy who is willing and almost surely will slit your throat if captured, 
  foreign mujahideen and various terrorist organisations , including al-qaeda, 
  no , sorry haha, 
  someone above in the comment said the snake was alive and in pain , so what is it ? 
  a reflex/muscle spasm or an alive snake ? 
  yes he is, 
  i do n't think you 're in a place to call anyone ignorant , mate . 
  you never heard of paraguay for fucks sake . . 
  nope , you can use a data update for latest transfers tho !, 
  no matter who it is who 's dying , you should n't get pleasure by watching people die . . at least i think that way . . 
   he was a dumbass who stopped being into punk and became some bro asshole . 
  how is that relevant at all ? 
  is n't it kiev ? 
  da ali fora u sp-u je da nema drugih , a kod nas ima, 
  of course , there 's a difference between watching an enemy ( albeit not a direct one in my case ) and innocent people die . 
  what, 
  i have a love/hate relationship with ranger mode on 2033 and ll . 
  i love it because i hate bullet sponge enemies , and i like immersion . . on the other hand i had to spend the entire game sneaking around and stealth killing so i missed out all the shootouts with the ( nicely scripted ) ai, 
  it 's in the game database files , so they just extract it , there 's no guessing to it . 
   the anti-jozy/us jerk is getting tiresome, 
  it 's better than the jozy will score 20 goals this season period, 
  what 's up with swansea and spanish dickheads ? 
  so why are they called white trash then ? 
  his `` totally unrelated point '' is at least informative , in contrast to endless jokes , puns , and ignorant and racist shit that gets spewed here on default subs . . 
  well that changes everything then, 
  last thing people in ukraine need now is american giving them advice, 
   do n't act like reddit is some intellectual hivemind for the elite, 
  what the fuck , that 's exactly the opposite of what i 'm saying . . 
  what are you on about, 
  lol what, 
  it 's not cardiff . 
  it 's even worse, 
   i love how i met your mother like everyone else does, 
  but i do n't ... 
   that does n't answer my question of `` why '' ? 
  because you have to if you want to play the game ?
