   you do n't want to be there , i do n't want you here, 
  wow you made it sound like one night stand is some thing you just want to be over with as soon as possible . . 
  it 's either all the people i 've been with were more social or just nicer people than those in your example . . 
  haha i just went there once and that comic with zimbabwe is the only one i remembered, 
  i ca n't see if you 're serious about this or not ? 
  it 's all based on views , and it 's obvious more people would like to see manchester united analysis instead of welling , so they are doing united . . 
  how many times you died, 
  then why are you angry at the board then ? 
  that 's xabi alonso i know those sexy hands, 
  ah ye , the guy above you with a bvb crest !, 
  sorry about that, 
  you heard him klopp , no kroos then , move on, 
  well inter did it too , and look at them now, 
  definitely is a trending typo on reddit it seems, 
   inter will ** defiantly ** sell, 
  how is that a penalty ?? 
  look at the sky !!, 
  there !!, 
  points up, 
  how is it worth asking the same question and getting the same answer, 
  wait you think that nigger is never said in real life ? 
  wow do you have some issues, 
  they are probably grumpy because they work a ton , really working people , just like germans too, 
  belgium had colonies in africa, 
  . . and any sf group . . 
  majority of them is pretty fucking good at their job, 
  i love the gazelles and have two pairs of adidas beckenbauers haha, 
  okay, 
  no way, 
  but we like correcting people, 
  yes, 
  you can remove the 90 's part , it got released in 2002 or 2003, 
  why are you so stupid, 
  haha we had a case like that too . . or gk stojkovic went from red star to partizan , and got death threats etc. . he 's still geting booed by our fans when playing internation games which is bad to be honest . . 
  but he did n't even transfer directly , went from red star to portugal , then england , and back to partizan , yet he 's the `` biggest traitor in our football '', 
  haha he means for the future , no one is talking about this season which was over long time ago, 
  and lewa is 25 million euros, 
  how is that a fun fact , it 's not even a fact, 
  dude what , it 's obvious they will buy german players , they want youth german talents , or just players that played and are proven in bundesliga . 
  what are they gon na do , turn a blind eye to good players just so the league does n't become boring ? 
  but bvb = good , bayern = scummy bad right ? 
  wow did this come from soccerjerk or what hahha how old are you ? 
  i see posts like this on my facebook from 15 year olds, 
  i know , it was more of an obvious thing to say , rather than a fun fact but yeah haha, 
  also could n't anzhi or zenit pay 60million euro ? 
  except czech republic and chechnya do n't share the same name, 
  he did n't , someone else made this , i ca n't see anyone taking this seriously ? 
   op could 've made this for karma ... 
  he most likely did, 
  why do you have the need to shorten their names, 
  haha, 
  no it 's not, 
  who is we, 
  well it was expected , he got old, 
  wow he is only 25, 
  do n't let it happen again !, 
  because he didnt choose freedom \u2122, 
  i do n't know about you , but after 2 or 3 seasons all my players are in high 80 's ( in ovr not years ) and i win everything and that just is n't fun, 
  is this a joke, 
  he 's 16, 
  you must have confused him with someone else then . 
  he plays for dinamo zagreb and is in u17 croatia squad, 
   they do not need to raid dortmund to take their best players . 
  what , why ? 
  if they have one of the upcoming stars of german football , gotze , and his release clause is not so big , why not take him ? 
  is there a subreddit for cartoons characters in real life ? 
  like that picture of bryan and stewie, 
  yep , road to multiverse , but you get the point, 
  so if he had n't had his chelsea flair , you would just shut up right ? 
  i love the team based insults here, 
  well call me back when you win the league again amirite guys ? 
  this is not ` nam , there are rules here, 
  why did he downvote the muamba thread, 
  why is this so funny, 
  good thing we got some freedom dropped on us , now we are a lovable little republic , amirite, 
  now they are downvoting you, 
  how is it a karma train outside of reddit, 
  because you didnt state your opinion , you said it like it 's a fact . . also, 
   you 're insane if you think he 'd go to any of the english clubs, 
  and, 
   he chose liverpool because of their history as a big club more than anything, 
  how do you know that ? 
  that 's not your opinion you 're stating a fact, 
  you have just said that , instead of that horrible text there, 
  the exact point the text on the picture is making haha, 
  i think you should stick to your karmawhoring one liners on default subs , instead of venturing into political discussions about europe, 
   jealous eurofags, 
  wow really , what are you , 14 ? 
  i know , i have all of you , and you probably all hate me , but i keep coming back here , because im so bored sometimes , but i honestly only have / r/pics from default subs and i still hate reddit more with every day, 
  w. . what , as an european , what would happen if i complained every day about this site being a huge american circlejerk , which it is , because it 's majority of users are from us or canada ? 
  i do n't get it your point about eurofag whorehouse honestly, 
  no this is our downvote !, 
  yep , exactly my thoughts , it 's just too stupid and looks manufactured to make fun of someone, 
  how do you know when he did hear it, 
  are you sure ? 
  i do n't think bin laden and his commanders were bunch of retarded cave dwellers who 's only thought was to `` kill some americans '', 
  why do you get your news on reddit ? 
  bunch of misleading , over-editorialized headlines , unless you 're talking about something other than / r/worldnews ? 
  who says it is different haha, 
  you better be,
