  it was merely a joke by me , i do n't know if you spelt something wrong tho , i 'm an idiot, 
  i 've never seen anyone getting bullied out of playing conquest tbh, 
  if you 're at least over 14 and have a grasp on what to do when someone shit talks at you , you 're gon na be fine . 
  you just move on , you do n't stop playing the mode completely, 
  kinda hate how you ca n't tell a speculation/opinion here without someone asking for a source, 
  that 's why i prefer real life conversations, 
  it honestly felt like a demo or a mobile game to me . 
  nope it 's literally a public test server, 
  you dont have to speak in meme talk friend, 
  why would you call a movie top bantz , what, 
  whats the films name m8, 
  cheers, 
  it 's like calling van persie `` van '', 
  after 4 times removed you did n't think of another mirror rather than youtube ? 
  lol, 
  one is a player other is a manager, 
  this time next year we 're gon na be signing bacca, 
  you 're comparing leeds to milan lol, 
  clash of two rival hooligan gangs of non existing teams, 
  i did kampfgruppe that coming, 
  where the fuck did you get that its shitty gameplay is intentional and satire ? 
  there 's literally nothing pointing out that it 's intentionally generic , and your post is very wrong because you 're stating your opinion as a fact, 
  you do n't need photoshop it 's already there, 
  that 's true , romans used the hastati for their first line ( if you exclude skirmishers who would retreat trough their lines after engaging ), 
  well the world does n't revolve around usa 's definitions of soldiers, 
  thin red line ? 
  i surely ca n't be the only one whos heard about live ammo exercise ? 
  it trains cops mental strength and thinking under conditions closest to real life , it 's really not that uncommon , albeit i have no idea how much it 's used in police work, 
  m8 he started in a cl final , why were people thinking hes shit, 
  anyone remember n'zogbia at wing back ? 
  the one where he 's a liverpool fan, 
  most likely l1a1, 
   at least ghandi died of natural causes, 
  he got shot 3 times in the chest, 
   yeah, 
  nope , wehrmacht and the ss both committed atrocities , there 's absolutely no point in `` dividing '' the two based on evil stuff they did . 
  they both had their fair share . 
  if you do at least a bit of research you 'll find that the majority of wehrmacht officers were nazis and they were closely connected to the nsdap, 
  what are you on about lol, 
  cruel invaders ? 
  i do n't think you grasp the sense of scale of nazi systematic cleansing, 
  that 's just makeup category tho, 
  that 's a shitty novelty account, 
  soviet russia poverty latvia potato, 
  bari, 
  i disagree . 
  just because he 's small and fast does n't mean he 's anything like griezmann . 
  one is a true poacher and other is a converted winger/inside forward/striker with loads of technical abilities, 
  wow 2013/2014 flashbacks, 
  cheers, 
  what do you suggest them to do ? 
  police other countries ? 
  you 're getting too worked up over such a nonsensical thing, 
  fair enough , i mean look at how many comments did you make about something that does n't really matter at all , one look at their bingo card tells you how seriously they take the list . 
  he 's 27, 
  heh , hidden and dangerous ( 2 ) here, 
  did they use it in ww2 ? 
  never seen that before , and my guess without googling is that was a vietnam war era modification ? 
  i 'm too lazy to google , did americans use it or it was just arvn in the nam ? 
  you did n't like this teaser trailerpunk ? 
  the 4-6-0 formation, 
  are you sure ? 
  i play with real betis on sao paulo 's morombi stadium in ml, 
  if you have the latest game + dlc , harlock 's and alex gameplay are the most recent ones . 
  i only tried harlocks and it 's decent . 
  it 's called final gameplay , you should be able to find it, 
  he left at 3am or was it earlier today ? 
  loan with an option to buy him to milan , then activate the buyback clause, 
  you 're still spending 40 mill , does n't matter, 
  do you have any past experience ? 
  in the year 2525 , if the fax machine is still alive, 
  one thing you do n't realize is that it being a cryengine `` remaster '' , you are setting up yourself for making a whole new game . 
  you , a team of devs without any monetary support . 
  i do n't think you grasp how time and resource consuming that would be . 
  especially it being fucking stalker which is built on ukranian magic alone . 
  many mods never see the light of the day because how daunting everything about this game is , let alone a remaster by someone with zero to none funding and a completely new engine . 
  they did n't do anything yet . 
  majority of mods that are not fueled by russian or ukranian magic and vodka never get made , let alone a remaster by a few people, 
  in serbia we just call them milan/milano and inter lol, 
  so graham carr is no longer gon na bring those frenchmen ? 
  the infamous \u00df division, 
  i got the rama skin in the first undying chest then forgot about the season ticket, 
  nycfc fan with a barca crest ok, 
   for not supporting their local teams, 
  he literally has a barca crest, 
  while supporting city, 
  pick a club and support it jesus is that so hard, 
  but you like barca more, 
  are people paying for pes mods now ? 
  not familiar with this, 
  edit . 
  ah just seen your comment about it being free without the usb, 
  good thing you made it about muslims , retard, 
  jesus look at the fat leaking from the left one, 
  what exactly is your problem here ? 
  that the game is not released late enough of what ? 
  lol, 
  it 's 3 years old . . 
   dames in the 60 's and 70 's, 
  the ui does n't really fit the 60 's theme at all .
