  so this is why default subs a cesspool of shitty comments trying to be funny and not adding anything to the conversation . . noted, 
  also people use the word circlejerk too often . . oh look a post about something bad usa government did . . what a circlejerk, 
  reus behind lewa , aubameyang wide ? 
  not really funny and really forced, 
  i kinda agree with this but i 'm afraid this ai n't a place or time for this time of conversation, 
   really popular in europe, 
  haha , what about africa and south america ? 
  heh , do n't get the point of fifa if you sim games , why not play football manager then ? 
  i understand that it might not be so simple as fifa , but there 's a classic mode that more streamlined for new users, 
  oh i agree , i honestly do n't like threads like this when if you say something that 's not a sob story or some empathy comment about the victim you get downvoted to hell , but i do n't think someone would discuss your points here, 
  hm , why not the strootman one ? 
   coming along well, 
  is it because he 's black ? 
  racist, 
  could you go deeper on that last year tactic ? 
  no to sound stupid but i 'm playing a fm save with fiorentina and would like to test out that last season 's tactic without a holding mid, 
  is joke my friend, 
  i do n't think of him as a poacher , but he can play really well in a lone striker position , here 's some info, 
  anyone with some morbid curiosity , just google the ref 's name . . 
  here 's the story ( and the article ), 
  you did n't even apologize, 
  i 'm not a native english speaker so i typed brasil to blend in, 
  it 's most likely some brazilian 5th or 6th tier league with fixtures etc , but just without salaries . 
  it 's still organized as a league but a really amateur one, 
  actually judging by the pics the ref did n't even have a ref uniform on , so it just might be a pickup game of 2 teams of random people, 
   thank you for your service, 
  haha, 
  that 's really subjective, 
  yes we should all watch bill nye like you, 
  i got full of anger while reading your post then remembered you were probably joking . . 
  also it 's there in pes, 
  pretty much any feature you could imagine , because they are n't adding much in 14, 
  i have no idea what guests are, 
  because they 're real madrid, 
  lol haha, 
  you would like it now , not as a teenager ( assuming you 're not one ), 
  i know , boredom is one thing i hate now , when you literally have nothing to do . 
  but as a teenager , atleast untill 17-18 i was just running home every day to play video games . 
  not saying everyone was like that but as kids we all could n't wait for school to be over to go play our super mario, 
  woah there, 
  and, 
  how did that blow your mind , singers are often actors too , and he was in dozen or so films, 
  it even says so in his link haha, 
  i 'm glad that you had something insightful to say, 
  because you are * required * to pay for a magazine . 
  web sites on the other hand are not ( unless it 's a paywall or something ), 
  and people just wont have ads if they do n't want to , nothing 's stopping them, 
  death, 
  what is going on with that utorrent icon, 
  yours is not any better , posting that overused comment , so edgy, 
  how did he do it for karma if he said : i lied when no one questioned it being a lie ? 
  why are you so worked up about this ? 
  go do something else, 
  especially when they say they did the generic shooting part `` on purpose '', 
  probably because of zaire and myanmar, 
  what, 
  yes, 
  i believe it 's their job to do it , not funeral home staff 's, 
  so i can sunbathe untill `` cancer rays '' hit me ? 
   i try to minimize the amount of time i have to spend in the store . 
  why 's that ? 
   people do n't `` accidentally '' make homophobic , racist , sexist or mentally retarded statements on nearly as frequent a basis . 
  hahaha, 
  ... exactly, 
  so what 's the point in so many `` we fuck '' comics ? 
  edit : or you 're not the original maker of op 's comics ? 
  how is it racist ? 
  i do n't see anyone saying you should n't have fun , just that it is n't a 10/10 game ( for some people ), 
  lol karma grab on this sub, 
  battle of sugardadies, 
  i meant the comics op posted , because they are all made in an app , so i 'm wondering if / u/verveblade14 made the ones in op 's post or just one he posted in the comments here, 
  haha i love how you just ran in and proved his point, 
  how do i unsubscribe, 
  do you serbian, 
  if you say so, 
  thanks for linking the clip, 
  how is it trigger discipline when he intentionally shot himself ? 
  hah , no worries , i do n't really want to hear that to be honest, 
  how is it a win for brugge , they lost a top scorer , what if they dont find another one for 10mill ? 
  of course , and other forums say that for themselves too, 
  i 'm sure if they had 40mill to spend ( genk ) they could attract some players by inflated wages or overpay them ? 
  like zenit does, 
  maybe because its overused ? 
  i doubt they get upset at that , french existed how many hundred years before usa and was a great military force , i 'm sure they do n't mind the old repeating jokes, 
  how are you , my friend, 
   derogatory term for slovenly nerdy people who have no sense of hygiene or grooming . 
  often related to hobbies such as card gaming , video gaming , anime , et . 
  really different than just `` fat people with beards '', 
  so it 's a documentary or it 's scripted ? 
   same goes for fat guys with beard . 
  a few years ago you 'd see a fat guy with a beard and think `` well , there 's a person who 's struggling with their weight , and perhaps i do n't care for their personal grooming style , but let 's look beyond appearances and see what he has to say . '', 
  are you serious ? 
  so what are you saying is that few years ago no one judged people based on their weights and looks ? 
  what a pace whore squad :d, 
  was n't gylfi doing good on the wing then ? 
   really great movie called `` in the land of blood and honey '', 
  i would n't call it great . 
  majority of people in serbia did n't like that she tried to make a movie about something that she ( supposedly ) did n't know anything about . 
  i personally do n't rate it high , also check out the reviews and ratings at imdb , it 's pretty bad here ( not that there 's no good movies with low ratings there ), 
  what a huge and horrible generalization there . .
