   he stopped an interview during the london games to honour the american national anthem, 
  ah , there 's the reason, 
  so much stupidity in on thread, 
  the commentator on fifa says that line about 80 % of the time when tevez has the ball, 
  err, 
  i do n't see how he tried to shoot them down, 
   cats ( and animals in general ) are the only family a person needs, 
  are you sure, 
  i pretty much agree . 
  lot of people are 26 today , what makes you special ? 
  your, 
  looks like city 's site template, 
  ~ ~ was funny the fist 13 million times ~ ~, 
  disregard that , it 's not funny at all, 
  yeah actually it was funny only in the series , then people killed it on reddit, 
  why do you have reddit in your name ? 
  someone is mad, 
  are you new to the internet ? 
  it must be cool being a superior human being, 
  hahaha , ne . 
  oatmeal . 
  it 's because they do n't play for you . 
  why would any one of them care that you were emotionally attached to them ? 
  i doubt they go `` ooh , i do n't want to go to utd , what would the fans think ? '', 
  ca n't jones play cdm too ? 
  welbeck or chicharito are def needing to go on loan , even macheda . 
  time to sell berba tho, 
  just because you guys loved him does n't mean he loved you . 
  sorry but maybe that 's how it is ? 
  yeah , with that one downvote he 's surely fucked, 
  why are we speaking english im not even good on computer, 
  dayz 's map is arma2 's map ... 
  stop it in its roots, 
  i bet locals on this subreddit are pissed at all the uneducated people in this thread, 
  what , why ? 
  you do realize reddit did n't do shit, 
  yeah , he probably does n't even know why he hates edison , it 's just cool to do so, 
  nah it 's not, 
  stop trying to fight the hivemind , my friend, 
  they have open registrations few times a year/month ( ? ), 
  i do n't really know exactly, 
  people have hard time accepting that someone does n't love them, 
  publishing by ea amirite, 
  but it 's a serious post with valid points ? 
  well if you experienced it like that , okay , but it 's certainly valid criticism, 
  so an arrow is a sign of a redditor ? 
  did you guys invent the arrow or what ? 
  you look like that kid who just discovered reactiongifs, 
  and everyone here is impressed, 
  oh god, 
  great now i have to downvote you, 
  got ta love di vaio using his [ arms ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wno92.jpg ) as a true italian, 
  dont bitch about upvotes, 
  what 's wrong g ? 
  hungry ? 
  no , gim me my oil or get the fuck out my country, 
  your logic is flawless, 
  just 4 quid eh ? 
   give us back our democracy, 
   give us back our democracy, 
   give us back our democracy, 
   give us back our democracy, 
  oh my sagan !, 
   setting up the first goal and winning the pen, 
   i do n't understand how he won man of the match, 
  yeah , you are right . 
  hang on a second , i need to imagine me some money, 
   irony level : 11, 
  might get that imagination working , instead of using level level : level shit, 
  damn oil money . . 
  fuck psg and city amirite, 
  wow , an actual instagram photo that 's not taken in the 60 's ? 
  i feel sorry for your game, 
  why are you speaking in memes ? 
  spongebob used to be good when i was 12, 
  then i grew up, 
  that 's the original troll face comic fyi, 
  a police dog can easily sniff those, 
  fucking police dogs taking our shrooms, 
  you 're not old , other people are young, 
  kagawa behind rooney and rvp, 
  i 'm pretty sure that by now you realized that majority of people are fucking retards , me included, 
  are you 10 ? 
  as stated above , it only changes the lighting , so no , it does n't look like mismatched shit . 
  also the 7gb texture pack bunch of us are using is far from shitty and i actually really realistic and nicely put, 
  would love to see max payne 3 gore/bullet impacts in gta5, 
  i am too lazy to go in game and get like 20 screenshots of the textures , they are indeed looking lovely , but its your opinion, 
  why would i look it up when im playing it and know first hand how it looks ? 
  you obviously did n't play it and please dont base your opinion on a gameplay video, 
  in my previous 4 saves , chelsea always buys landon donovan . 
  anyone else got that ? 
  well that 's certainly an unpopular opinion, 
  where is the bad/cliched title tag on this post ffs, 
  * tako je *, 
  it 's from 1845 , what did you expect, 
  how do you know he did n't ? 
  also , it 's now a good deed not to downvote ? 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  i just ca n't enjoy a franchise that uses a same engine since 2007, 
  theres a massive difference between source and iw3 engine,
