  you 're not playing 15 in this gif m8, 
  play as many warriors as you can , do n't just grind one if you want to learn how they work, 
   what about hard drives , flash drives ? 
  well maybe in 20 years we wo n't have usb or sata anymore , so it will be a problem again, 
   i know , i was born in 87 . 
  can you imagine me being 7 years old and fucking her ? 
  even worse that you lost to them then, 
  because we 're on reddit, 
  i guarantee no one on french forums discussing this video is talking about america, 
  no one is talking about strangers , the memey did n't specify it either, 
   it 's neckbeardy to ignore the cultural norms of north america, 
  how so ? 
  lol what 's that has to do with kissing friends ? 
  completely unrelated and i think you 're confusing what 's `` neckbeardy '' which is a forced word anyway, 
  i understand and i 'm perfectly fine with people not kissing friends in na lol , i do n't get what 's `` neckbeardy '' about it ? 
  it 's just different culture , does n't mean its weird, 
  where did you get that someones forcing unwanted kisses , based on this post ? 
   why should ajax settle for going out of europe, 
  maybe because you qualified for cl and failed to qualify for knockout round ? 
  imho if you qualify for cl you should n't be able to drop to el and clean it up like chelsea did, 
  ye it 's just a statement that girl find it creepy , which is ok, 
  i do n't get it, 
  cl and especially el mean much more to teams outside of big 4 because it gives players and teams bigger exposure and everyone wants to play in those competitions ( obviously ) . 
  wait you did n't realize it 's fake ? 
  it 's by futawah, 
  lol someone bashing muh epl ? 
  must be for karma, 
  that does n't mean it does n't have problems , and you ca n't just shrug off all criticism by saying it 's for karma ( really he got 14 points nice karma haul ), 
  it 's childish imo to disregard opinions you do n't like like that , it 's like all kids yelling `` troll '' at stuff they do n't agree with, 
  it 's probably not meant for firing , altghough it should work, 
  compared to a golden ak nowadays i 'd say . 
  then again i could be wrong, 
  shhh do n't try, 
  although i agree with you your comment is so annoying for some reason, 
  do they wear gloves on the bench ? 
  damn i just ca n't wrap my head around the military worship culture in the usa, 
  it 's so foreign for me . . 
  your 2nd sentence sounds like something from the bible or written in some patriotic book . . 
  * twitches *, 
  mate you 're the only one here using terms like white privilege and '', 
  psycopath social justice warriors '', 
  i think you should get matri, 
  mate you 're so fucking funny, 
  i ca n't even begin, 
  we are n't cunts ? 
  we are so loveable ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  i know everyone likes to praise their clubs but this is just plain stupid, 
  you might think that if you base your perception off reddit 's / r/soccer but outside of here you 're just like any other club, 
  i do n't think you can compare them tbh, 
  those films are set in ww2 , just a time period like any other , but they are different genres , fury being action , monuments men and imitation game drama etc, 
  on the other hand superhero movies are always the same action/comedy flicks ; with few exceptions, 
  is there i 'm 21 but i do n't like superhero movies demographic ? 
  then there 's even less reason to compare ww2 with superhero films ? 
  could you explain what then instead of just pointing it out ? 
  are you genuinely curios ? 
  since the dawn of war women and children were spared because they generally could n't fight, 
  obviously there 's exceptions and there 's plenty of wars/battles where that was ignored but generally it 's a rule, 
  oh well , now we 're being compared to isis, 
  that was in 1999 and has nothing to do with this clip . . 
  i 'm talking about civilians too, 
   not sure why you are identifying with them . . 
  because they 're serbs ? 
  they did the killings , yes . 
  the other sides did it too , but that 's absolutely not an excuse either way . 
  still , comparing them to isis who makes hd videos of burning people alive is too much i think . 
  obviously me being a serb i ca n't look at this and be completely unbiased , but still i think that 's just too much, 
   bombed for fun, 
  it 's a siege , they are shelling a city they 're trying to take . 
  there 's no fun in that . 
  civilian sites were targeted by mortars and snipers as a form of terror . 
  look up snipers in general , they are more often used for creating terror than high casualties, 
   the serbian sniping was just targeted at civilians , thats what i do n't understand how brutal it is . 
  that 's basically what snipers job is in those situations . 
  random shooting of people to create terror . 
  and it was very effective . 
  you could n't cross a street without being shot at or at least being scared that you would get fired upon, 
  generally women and children were n't fighting battles so they were unable to defend themselves , that 's why, 
  nothing to do who you value more, 
  mate i have no intention on defending serbia 's actions during the 90 's , i just do n't like comparing the whole nation to isis , obviously . 
  i 've got no sympathy for war criminals and not trying to save face in any way . 
  cheers, 
  but ? 
  well you said above that this is neckbeardy, 
  nice job contradicting yourself lol, 
  paul pogba in west ham, 
  those are lions, 
  could it also be 7.62 x51 fn fal ? 
  they do n't have to release anything, 
   assassin 's creed unity, 
  does n't look better than order, 
  nor does star citizen . . 
  i do n't see your point ? 
  graphics wise , it is pretty fucking good, 
  of course , but we are n't entitled to anything . 
  i 'd like l4d3 or new hl and more than anything a new ip , but ii see no point in complaining . 
  anyway they did n't release anything in 2014 so i 'm hoping for some games this year, 
  so you wo n't share the dock , walls etc ? 
  i dont, 
  no probs just asking lol , do you atleast know the name of that dock/start menu ?
