  he knows, 
  haha ha ha, 
   focus on the emotional components of the rock star experience, 
  wait what, 
  well that will be kinda hard, 
  if they were born in slovakia they were slovakian , same with czech, 
  nice try alfred georg, 
  im just sayin, 
  i would like one if you find it , thanks !, 
  when will people stop with this, 
  wow in this case it is , res had that feature first , then reddit adopted it, 
  what hypocrisy ? 
  i do n't get it , just because he did n't say anything about gatorade makes him a hypocrite ? 
  because canada is the only place with winters, 
  go outside and stop being so bitter, 
  wow you really want to be an asshole ? 
  i spent so long trying to find a pic, 
  never, 
   i posted a few gameplay strategy tips in / r/eafifa and was asked to share them with you guys . 
  here 's the first one . 
  theres nothing there about this tip , or any activity in that subreddit , whats going on ? 
  yes you are the only person in the world, 
  a lazio fan against flares , whats next you dont like ultras too ? 
  hey your stadium atmosphere is shit, 
  no one is saying its shot during sandy, 
   shut up and take my dinar . 
  it 's a fucking joke , is op that stupid ? 
  if folks at psg are not stupid , if they continue to pump money into right people they will get trophies, 
  this is not an reddit specific problem, 
  why is every opinion of yours on this thread worded like it 's a fact ? 
  no one is the good guy in that conflict, 
  just because you have n't heard of something does n't mean it did n't happen , so i would suggest you not to defend anyone until you in fact know what are you talking about, 
  so do people still think this joke is funny ? 
  wow, 
  it 's not black and white like that , and no , i 'm not kidding you . 
  do you know how many militant groups are fighting for fsa , along with al qaeda ? 
  some of them are labeled as terrorist groups by the usa , like the al nusra front, 
  don cry, 
  who wired it, 
  now you ruined it, 
  this is america i believe, 
   macklemore is a lot smaller and less known of an artist than atmosphere , pos , aesop rock , or brother ali ,, 
  not anymore , you could probably say that kids listening to trift shop these days do n't even know who brother ali is or aesop, 
  push rightside, 
  yep did exactly that 2 minutes after i posted it , it worked, 
  it kinda felt that it was n't true open world game to me . 
  you had 2 or so missions always available , and nothing else to do other than fight in those fight clubs , the town was kinda empty to me, 
   with stock cooling you 're going to have something breaking within a year or two, 
  no , unless you overclock , and with that cpu and 400 $ budget i doubt he will . 
  if you could read the title of the post . . 
  who, 
  or stupid, 
  yes but it only felt like it, 
  why the fuck are you here then, 
  no one is forcing you to wear these shorts , holy shit . . 
  if youre a camper wear cargo and that 's it . 
  oh the humanity, 
  then you should 've asked there , as there 's obviously no hate here, 
  and ranger, 
  it 's posted 25 times in 4 jennifer lawrence threads . 
  wait that 's not jennifer lopez ? 
  okay, 
  what makes you think he wo n't leave like sahin , kagawa , or barrios ? 
  first rocchi now carew ... 
  wow you could n't be more wrong, 
  i regularly get killed by 1 shotgun round at 5-10m, 
  wow why are you so upset, 
  also why should i `` shut the fuck up '' ? 
  i just asked a simple question, 
  edit2 sophomoric bitch hahaha, 
  edit3 how did i prove i was better than you what, 
  i am sorry, 
  yeah he should be ashamed, 
  i do n't know , he was just mad and said something like, 
   i 'm trying hard to prove a point then some sophomoric bitch like dannybaker comes and is all like i am better than you, 
  although i just asked a simple question . . 
  it was really really good chain of comments , and you could see him breaking down even more with every comment , it 's a shame that site where you can see deleted comments is not working, 
  alright , it works now , so instead of me copying the text , install the, 
  unedditreddit extension and you can view them all, 
  so the new psg logo is official ? 
  from phil jones wiki, 
   on 13 june 2011 , united confirmed that they had reached an agreement to sign jones on a five-year deal for an undisclosed transfer fee believed to be at least # 16.5 m, 
  the goal.com article is from 21st of june, 
  razmisli dobro, 
  thank you i am a blind person and could n't watch the video , so thanks for explaining, 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  what is your point ? 
  i doubt, 
  golf wang, 
  wow this is horrible , everyone is making fun of him , but when he appears here suddenly he 's a cool dude . . 
  reminds me of high school, 
  yes , if you used common sense ? 
  it feels like an excuse for shitty combat . . 
   `` oh the combat is shitty ? 
  well we did it on purpose ! '', 
  not on reddit . . 
  he can pretty much say now `` i told ya so '' and pretend he knew it all along . . 
  what , no ofcourse i 'm not , it 's a joke . . how would i see his explanation then if i was blind ? 
  also nice job going trough my comments, 
  last month i thought that barca changed the crest somehow . .
