  the game was set in the 70s, 
  bruv *, 
  im running w10 on 630 and i had all your issues until i did a system reset , now everything is smooth except some edge crashes, 
  he 's basque iirc, 
  survive, 
  playing as a target man does n't require that much football intelligence and technical skills imo , that 's why he did so well me thinks, 
  in his last season he played behind the striker like a target man , what i thought, 
  bamford is 22 now , is he still considered a promising young striker ? 
  terry is what , 35 ? 
  you do need to replace him eventually , and it could be soon, 
  it sounded really close too , other shots did n't have the rifle making sounds , just bullet sonic cracks, 
  thats exactly the definition of ricochet, 
  no he 's not, 
  against lazio too ? 
  u mean hot, 
  its me ur linux, 
  never heard of the lad untill he went to fiorentina , he was in our b team and went straight to italy from there , thought it was odd . 
  few years later he starts for city . 
  we sold markovic to his agent for 8mill , then he goes to liverpool for 20-something . 
  i hate our board, 
  they 're not working for hirez tho, 
  i had 6/7 quests done and now it 's reset , so i basically played quests for nothing ( apart for some favor ), 
  relegation surely, 
  oh cry me a fucking river, 
  he 'll recover do n't worry bro, 
  i 'd really just call muller that , i ca n't really think of anyone else, 
  how in the hell do you feel for them lmao this guy, 
  it has nothing to do with gender equality or how we perceive it , they just are n't physically capable of playing the same high intensity football the top men players do imo, 
  i 'm clearly talking about actually playing professional football , i do n't have any problems with women commentators or anything, 
  also there are tons of team/individual sports where women category is more exciting , but sadly i do n't think football is one of them so i do n't really think it will become as big as men 's football, 
  it does n't have to be shit tho, 
  it 's him against stupid people mate , ca n't you see it, 
  gas leak , etc ? 
  roma with those tight kappa ina and mazda shirts , ah the italians, 
  do n't forget opel meriva ones m8 !, 
  lol wut , love american city names, 
  stalker series , if you count it being in recent years , arma and ofp , borderlands , battlefield series . . 
  uh and max payne . 
  those are some that come to mind, 
  sta je red flag kad neko izadje iz vece ? 
  how would we know ? 
  but i 'd say it 's not that common to go watch a team play because of the goalkeeper, 
  eheheheh nice one , uvatio si me u trenutku nepismenosti, 
  damn thats a good freya, 
  bader meinghuyfn phenomena, 
  defence items are mandatory on him , do n't build transcendence , you do n't need mana at all , why would you build that ? 
  do n't think he was bragging he finished it in less time tho, 
  why did the chicken cross the road then ? 
  i must know, 
  rama default vp is so boring and plain, 
  they have it in pes and it really makes a difference . 
  for example a player with anchor man playing style would stay back all the time and act like a libero and you would n't see him in attack ever . 
  a cb with extra frontman playing style would push up the pitch a la pique etc. . there 's also offensive and defensive fullback styles which are self explanatory, 
  sell your superstars , leave only british and youth players , rebuild using ya ? 
  that is hilarious, 
   your looks smooooth, 
  there 's literally a smooth logo pack lol, 
  if you 're playing versus shit people you can pretty much win every god , and i do n't think you 're right that rata is currently a better pick than anubis lol , they 're not even the same class, 
  uhm wolfenstein ? 
  stop trying to label anyone who disagrees with you a rape apologist or johnson defender , fucking hell you do n't know when to stop do you, 
  he was obviously joking, 
  can you be a wehraboo if youre german tho ? 
  hm i 'm asking because the word wehraboo is obviously derived from weeaboo , that means someone who is obsessed with japanese culture , while typically not being from japan . 
  thought it was the same with wehraboo, 
  21 here, 
  yes you can, 
  thana, 
  barca phone and a nycfc kit lol, 
  was n't santana offside iirc ? 
  only time i witnessed something that good was when i randomly watched the last 30mins of bvb-stuttgart a few years back, 
  i see you finally got a crest instead of just putting your flag on the kit lol, 
  your kits are really class, 
  did you see the new adidas template for next season ? 
  they 're moving the 3 stripes on the side of the shirt as opposed to sleeves, 
  ye i usually say barca won 2-0 away from home , but i hear `` barca won 0-2 '' a lot too , i 'm from serbia btw, 
  i think he 's joking , or at least i hope so, 
  it literally is the next step to the final lol, 
  what the majority did n't root for chelsea lol , speak for yourself, 
  oh cry me a fucking river it 's a kid from their pr team , who gives a fuck what he writes ? 
  i can literally say the same thing about your sentiment lol , it 's pointless give it a rest, 
   holds up spork, 
  that 's not a documentary mate , it 's drama tv, 
  all that statistical bullshit and he still bought the player everyone buys , he did n't reveal anything breathtaking, 
  they 're already on sale for me ? 
  that 's hilarious actually, 
  de jong just said in the post-match interview , he had cramps in both legs . 
  he barely could stand . 
  kane is absolutely not world class , not that there is a fixed definition what world class is tho, 
  you ca n't just watch last 2 seasons and judge off that, 
  why are you such a cunt, 
  can you explain ? 
   i mean ... he 's only played 2 seasons so what else can you do ? 
  not call him world class ? 
  he 's a good player but he does n't have to be called world class , i think you need consistency and imo 2 seasons is not enough, 
  what exactly do you do if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  sorry that was hilarious, 
  ooh thanks , that 's really interesting, 
  mumble is pretty lightweight, 
  how do you know he did n't do anything ? 
  how are you this freitag ?
