  again you 're wrong , i do n't get where are you getting your info from ? 
  i played from the early beta , and it was valve and hpe all from the beginning . 
  valve did n't take over at some point , it was their project all along, 
   they just took over the updating . 
  what does that even mean lol ? 
  valve and hpe both worked on it, 
   none of the counter-strikes were made by valve, 
  well technically they hired the guys who made the mod so it 's `` theirs '', 
  edit : also css was valve plus turtle rock and hpe took over to upgrade the engine iirc, 
  is there a problem with that ? 
  i do n't get it, 
   how many people would really want to sacrifice the steam platform for a few extra games per year ? 
  people who work on steam and people who develop games at valve are two different crowds, 
  if you are implying that by working on steam they are sacrificing game making you 're sadly wrong, 
  wth are you two arguing about , lol ? 
  how can a game buy another game ? 
  do you mean konami should buy fifa license or what ? 
  how is that relevant to anything, 
  you ca n't compare bringing a dog to a class with eating peanuts, 
  you picked a wrong sub to argue about that mate , i do n't think people here respond well to criticism of tw, 
   gets to live in toronto, 
  everyone 's dream, 
  i remember what song was playing when we heard air raid sirens in 1999 ( serbia ) it was another brick in the wall, 
  john wick is most certainly not realistic lol, 
  koji je to gradic ? 
  that looks like a screenshot of a youtube video, 
  they give +2 to agl, 
  they sound nothing like real life guns , i understand if you 're porting them for nostalgia reasons , but for the sake of realism , they 're really bad, 
   it 's kinda the same thing as cs : go but with a bit more realistic weapons and handling . 
  probably because it was a mod on source engine so it feels exactly like that , a mod, 
  anime girl, 
  that 's majority of posts here for me, 
  idk i 'm maybe boring, 
  it 's kane now obviously, 
  did n't podolski played for koln in 2nd bundesliga at the 2006 wc ? 
  used to be in pes, 
  ah alright then , i remember some fuss about him playing for nt being in 2nd tier league tho, 
  3 years and you 're still salty, 
  so you always have to disclose if it 's a joke ? 
  that would defeat the purpose of a joke, 
  yes jokes about america are disgusting generalizations , jokes about every other country are fine tho, 
   they have no tradition nor does they have any supporters, 
  well they need to start from somewhere, 
  thank you for your service, 
  when leicester gets cambiasso everything is possible, 
   you may also someday encounter the term `` wehraboo '', 
  i do n't know why but i found this so funny, 
  what 's next . 
  because generally japanese soldiers were considered more brutal than thier german counterpart ? 
  i 'm talking about your general infantry eg wehrmacht , not ss, 
  tank is us now, 
  i drive now yes, 
  also hi and bye are bonjour and au revoir, 
  there 's a thread here for the skin code how did you miss it ? 
  there 's a thread here for the skin code how did you miss it ? 
  wait , is it limited time only ? 
  shame , i got it when the thread was 20min old, 
  every picture from this war looks like out of some nightmare, 
   behave, 
  lol what, 
  what a cunt , also coming from a chelsea fan , that 's exactly what abramovich did, 
  i had that problem on steam with all 3 games, 
  i got the games on gog and the problem perished, 
  infiniti which is part of nissan ( just googled it , thought it 's renault or mercedes ), 
  meine further the russians are attacking, 
   that 's what rainbow six was about , to me , when playing vegas + vegas 2 . 
  that 's funny because i grew up on raven shield , and vegas/v2 were the r6 siege to me when they came out, 
  i do n't recall gtaiv being on steam on launch ? 
   l.a. noire ran better than gtaiv, 
  maybe for you , but for me absolutely not, 
  i still ca n't play la noire without fps drops while gta4 ( eflc ) is smooth on my old dual core pc with gtx560ti, 
  glad it worked for you mate, 
  so you just dropped by to say how america saved the day ? 
  is that what you wanted to share after reading his story ? 
   maybe next time i just join in on the circle jerk about vets regretting their service . 
  did you just made that up, 
  yeh but metacritic does n't know shit , the films i love should be in top 10 / s, 
  it 's spelled kurca , jebem te u usta, 
  that 's his point, 
   timeless graphics ,, 
  i would n't say so, 
  why give money when you can have adblock on as '' an alternative to having to view advertisements '', 
  lol how stupid are you, 
  lol, 
  i 'd get it just for the transylvanian vp, 
   there are literally more guns than people in the us, 
  that 's not really that shocking ? 
  let the american preach , he obviously knows the situation in eastern europe, 
  i 'm not from the usa either , i just realized it 's guns owned , not guns in existence , that 's why i asked lol, 
  i 'm like you surely know that there 's more than 300 million guns made in the usa, 
  he is a winger playing wingback , tho is n't he, 
   sounds more like some developer or developers just did a crappy job of deciding when that pedestrian should cross . 
  which is a glitch, 
  try playing ro2 then, 
  is there a difference ? 
  i 'm not a native speaker, 
  are you bosnian , or a bosnian fan ? 
  i do n't get it, 
   hate to break it to ya, 
  lol,
