  15 minutes into the game i had 15k from selling weapons and a brand new vss i looted + sv98, 
  there 's no stcop for 1.4 either . 
  it 's in the works, 
  traders not buying mutant parts is a bug and will be fixed in a patch !, 
  seems it 's all on the entente side, 
  thats nice then !, 
  patch notes :, 
  + drag scope to weapon for ao3/stcop, 
  - remove compass from noah, 
  - remove random death animations, 
  - removed grass settings in advanced options ( r __ detail_radius and r __ detail_density ) sorry has to be done . 
  many people max video settings without thinking . 
  adv user will know how to change this via console, 
  = fov and hud fov now display their values for slider, 
  = actor_killer relation csky, 
  = fix issue with save_ctime which fixes the upgrade psi helmet task from sakharov, 
  = fix utils.se _ obj_save, 
  = fix sleeping bag, 
  = fix squad spawning in debug menu, 
  ~ adjusted stash weights, 
  ~ increased assassination rewards, 
  ~ kruglov now spawns closer to the bunker, 
  ~ re-enaable cam3 to be bindable, 
  ~ reduced max squad count for dogs and some other mutant squads that were max 4 down to 3, 
  ~ sim_board start positions if spawn factor is 0.5 then make it randomly 0 or 1 spawn rather than always rounding to 1, 
  here 's the ao3 scope crash fix :, 
  what is this, 
  imagine if there was african british people, 
  `` we had an exclusive twitch ymir skin '', 
  yes, 
  you 're just doing the same thing with europeans lol , might call this thread shiteuropeanssay, 
  so you cherry picked one comment and that 's the whole sub ? 
  how about you take a look around sas, 
  what would you want them to do tell me pls, 
   so i 'm installing visual basic stuffs to try to compile it . 
  what no , do n't do that lol, 
  the game is poorly optimized and you just have to not max everything, 
  dont know if this is serious, 
  why are you arguing about this ? 
  no one gives a fuck , the point of this thread is about something else , you just latched onto his comment like a little kid . 
  give it a rest and do n't try to make an argument over something non existent, 
   practically all the big theorycrafters ( and even the dataminers ) all went on to monetize their content rather than provide it here . 
  what ? 
  you can have both ? 
  make a video and post it here . 
  you get monetizing and discussion below . 
  any evidence ? 
  source ? 
  it probably works because you 're paired vs retards, 
  any decent play would have no problem killing you , if your stats you posted are correct . 
  what are you building anyway, 
  good job, 
  so is he tbh, 
  give up, 
  lol, 
  you ca n't contribute anything worthy if you just parrot what you 've read here and not actually play the mode, 
  what about you do n't try to play the game when it 's down, 
  i think it 's an actual phenomena by now that whenever ww1 is mentioned , carlin and his blueprint for armageddon is brought up . 
  might be confirmation bias on my side , but they literally go side to side on reddit, 
  if anyone 's wondering , they fought dismounted, 
  is that the guy trying to calm him that gets shot ? 
  you honey dickin, 
  btw it actually does stuck up , the more you have the bigger the conviction, 
  do you use players that are n't wonderkids ? 
  m8 it 's fifa none of that matters, 
  good thing we 're all best duel players and can make it work then, 
  disagreed , the crit builds on hunters is too expensive for arena to ever be finished, 
  see , crit is recommended for thor iirc . 
  and that 's the point.that tab is totally wrong, 
  that 's just how internet works , once you fucked up , it 's never forgotten and it 's a shame, 
  might aswell just buy winged/ritual dagger if you want health and attack speed , but then again why would you pick that up on an adc, 
  i agree , if you 're ahead and can properly auto cancel it works . 
  but i doubt anyone looking at recommended tab can do that properly, 
  the term water closet is universal , that 's why majority of the countries in europe use wc, 
  no its not, 
  end of discussion, 
  700 % scaling on thanatos 1 and 3, 
  damn those koreans and peruvians have some good stealth equipment, 
  or just this, 
  thats it, 
  great sarcasm there m8, 
  you can play casual conquest, 
  why, 
  you should n't take all your history from one source ( who 's not even a historian ), 
  of course , i agree !, 
  it 's written by a german ww1 soldier , what do you expect ? 
   ( obviously my examples stem from ww2 ), 
  that have nothing to do with ww1 , do n't know why did you mention it, 
  \u00f6\u00f6\u00f6h , s\u00f6rry then, 
  xboalanque is better, 
  you 're replying to a guy talking about ww1 pilots tho, 
  ao was kuku long after beta, 
  what , who 's saying that ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're a marvalz fan ? 
  surely you do n't think a figurine of a teen anime girl is the same as a model airplane, 
  only every second ilyushin gets his full armament , the other one is expected to land at the crash site of the first one and salvage the bombs and continue his mission, 
  you have no ammo, 
  there 's different caliber grozas in ao, 
   just stay away from ao, 
  why ?
