  is there a line that you ca n't cross when laughing ? 
  seems on reddit everyone is going to hell for laughing because they did it harder than they should . 
  tldr think of your own comment, 
  wait , you ctfl+f 4 `` d '' girl '' ? 
  what the fuck why ? 
  you are supposed to ctrl+f not f4, 
  okay ? 
  that does n't mean it should be loved by everyone tho, 
  what open road, 
  anyone else kinda fed up of this batman crap ? 
  i mean it 's good stuff , but seriously , every other post is about motherfucking batman, 
  maybe if they contributed something to the discussion ... 
  mallorca what the fuck, 
  is n't it the same for him ? 
  for him the ps3 and wii are cutting edge , but in 10 years it 's gon na be something else . 
  his son will never know what was ps3 all about etc. 
  i actually beat the game on igp . 
  ( celeron g530 cpu with intel hd graphics ), 
  i used a commandline.txt with bunch of commands i dont remember of course . 
  just google them, 
  it 's sad that 3700 + people cant afford 5 $ games, 
  pretty sure if you did n't mention pc elitist you would n't be downvoted, 
   i would like to play it but i am too scared to buy it, 
  * i would like to play it but i am too scared to buy it *, 
  ** i would like to play it but i am too scared to buy it **, 
  where 's partizan ? 
  oh right we 're in cl qualis hehehhehee, 
  take your unoriginal comment out of here, 
  shamrock rovers turnover in 114th min of et to qualify to europa league for the first time and of course it got to be partizan to aid them, 
  but that was obviously the most important part of the video . 
  why did you need to quote it ? 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  theres millions of users on reddit , you ca n't put us all in the same group, 
  for all interested ( if any ), 
  kits, 
  no , they just love wearing the same kits, 
  yes, 
  i hope your username is satirical or ? 
  my science is better than your science, 
  you 're both fucking retarded, 
  he 's just harvesting karma with non original comments , leave him alone, 
  why would i need to know that ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about mgs and you ca n't do nothing about it, 
  it was on front page 2 weeks ago, 
  do you ever shut up ? 
  at least you bothered to reply . 
  damn people are stupid, 
  let him feel special, 
  in both cases he will have a red envelop up there, 
  i love how there 's one saying he didnt believe those news feed pictures were real , and thats a blatant lie because he just reposted it, 
  wow i try to ignore you but you 're everywhere for fucks sake, 
  are you 15 ? 
  yes i 'm using it but your name is still there under literally every comment with more than 100 points . 
  it 's really , really annoying but what can i do , i guess some people just like to waste their lives on imaginary points, 
  what, 
  here 's the shop, 
  you just try too hard , it sucks seeing every second comment is you trying to get attention or whatever you are doing . 
  and do n't tell me you just love commenting because it 's not normal to comment that much, 
  yes , he really rustled my jimmies xd amirite guys, 
  yeah , i think that the original badge would fit nicely on the kit , i do n't know why they just black & white 'd it , just like many other teams do ... 
  wow, 
  wow , why ? 
  because i do n't `` love '' reddit ? 
  are you actually that retarded ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tn5b0.png ) made me laugh so hard, 
  and ? 
  stop seeking attention, 
  no i mean why should we care that he does n't like it ? 
  wow reddit turned into a giant blog , it 's sad that op is asking for advice on a site with average age of user being 25 ( or less ), 
  what ? 
  he posts hundreds of comments a day and we should worry if we are doing something that he doesnt like ? 
  no it 's not, 
  yes i did the same thing . 
  they even have a batman symbol now, 
  yes , i dont care . 
  wan na fight about it ? 
  how can i have respect for a guy who spends all his time on a site trying to be funny ? 
  whats up with this right in the cunt/feel/dick ? 
  is it not beaten to the ground yet ? 
  it 's a giant fucking truck full of explosive, 
  did you read the part about improved transfers ? 
  two new commentators announcing the results of other games ? 
  `` if the highest population estimates are correct , cahokia was larger than any subsequent city in the united states until the 1780s , when philadelphia 's population grew beyond 40,000 . 
  i demand a formal apology, 
  but no seriously , i just looked it up on wikipedia because i thought i read about it being philly . 
  no worries please, 
  at least majority of the comments are rational there, 
  it 's in cb now oh god, 
  how do you know how hard should you laugh ? 
  yes, 
  if it 's called being fat and in your moms basement not doing anything , then yeah , he has a crippling injury, 
  what 's more funny is this is actually true, 
  i 'm pretty sure youre not checking every user on reddit if he 's posting spoilers, 
  even in fm2012 you can do that, 
  you didnt waste enough time , play harder, 
  last season while watching arsenal the commentator did the same mistake , it was hilarious, 
  imagine if she said my bf watches a lot of anime , and her friend responds time for a new boyfriend . 
  would that be the same ? 
  but that was euros , this is different, 
   ftfy,
