  well you 're wrong . 
  and what a childish comment too , haha, 
  yeah we are so edgy, 
  then you watch it closely in case it 's disallowed, 
  you need to hit enter twice, 
  drake type of nigga to go to a jail and slam the soap on the shower floor . 
  drake the type of nigga to wave at the police . 
  drake the type of nigga to bring roses to a strip club . 
  drake 's the type of nigga that reminds the teacher he has detention . 
  drake is the type of nigga who sets his alarm to 11:11 to make a wish . 
  drake the type of nigga that tell his girl before sex , `` we dont have to, 
  do this . 
  drake the type of nigga who struggles to decide which end of the, 
  burrito to eat . 
  drake the type of nigga to spray cologne to air then shimmy into the, 
  mist . 
  drake the type of nigga to test the water with his toes before he goes, 
  in to the pool . 
  drake the type of nigga that plays grand theft auto without using, 
  cheat codes . 
  drake the type of nigga who lets a fish go after catching it . 
  drake is the type of nigga to fart when he 's home alone and say, 
  excuse me '', 
  drake the type of nigga to bring the teacher an apple to class . 
  drake the type of nigga who keeps a diary . 
  drake the type of nigga who stops at traffic lights in gta . 
  drake the type of nigga that cries after watching titanic . 
  drake that type of nigga that drops the joint during a rotation . 
  drake the type of nigga that sucks a dick and calls the other nigga, 
  gay . . 
  you really have a gruge against this look do you ? 
  lol who gives a fuck about fans ? 
   you love mario , zelda , mass effect , but i have a hard time imagining someone having the emotional connection to a gta title, 
  what , why ? 
  god damn it , so much time without an actual logo of southampton :d, 
  please, 
  haha , it 's not hard at all , it 's just a matter of dropping a folder into another folder !, 
  you have instructions on the page , it 's the same for fm14 too, 
   the war crimes they committed were on par , if not worse than the nazi 's . 
  who , the civilians ? 
  oh so germans, 
   bombed the shit out of britain and the rest of europe , and the japs bombed pearl harbour . 
  is not oversimplifying ? 
  or alternatively go here, 
  haha this is getting dark quickly, 
  why ? 
  it 's still up, 
  lol, 
   they are probably perfectly healthy just the way they are, 
  how do you reckon ? 
  what , no its billy madison lol , deleted scene, 
  there 's also nastasic and jovetic !, 
  and up untill 1 or 2 seasons ago there was savic, 
  jesus that picture is so low quality, 
  meh too late i got bored of it !, 
  find me something else, 
  it 's an actual fifa ( not the game ) rule, 
  really ? 
  tell me more, 
  thanks for the explanation , i 'm actually serbian haha , just wanted to see what did you know about the conflicts, 
  i just paused and got here , i cant make it, 
  i was managing leeds and in 2015 he started publicly saying he wants to leave real madrid . 
  it dragged for about a season , constant public outburst from mourinho and jesse , insulting each other , i must 've bid on him about 15 times , and praised/endorsed him at least double that ... at the end he joined atleti for 5million . . 
  it was really nice tho , great immersion to have a transfer saga drag for that long, 
  just like everyone to be honest, 
  hardly worth posting then haha, 
  great comment there mate, 
  yes same, 
  look at that smug face ughh, 
  i kako je ? 
  prosiri bre to :d, 
   whatever , i basically got spit on for three years in small town germany because i was american . 
  what the hell what does that have to do with anyhting in this thread , especially your previous post, 
  how is this cringe ? 
  for who are you feeling embarassed ? 
  this is / r/rage material , if anything . 
  probably / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
   wow , an ad on fox article !, 
   really tells you something about the quality of american goalkeepers . 
  well what does it tell ? 
  the smaller boats are yelling worldstarrr, 
   guy got 45 years . 
  what , are you sure ? 
  do n't think you can get 45 years for mugging, 
  but facebook bad, 
  too special to use, 
  `` couple '' being 100 years ago, 
  no theres no curve and you do n't `` learn reddit '', 
  * sees crest *, 
  what the hell, 
  ah you mean bend yourself to reddits liking ? 
  10 games into the league and they are one of the best teams in europe ? 
  what the hell, 
   op may as well have just said `` dae hate popular movies because their popular ? 
  please validate my opinion , and yours ! '', 
  he never even voiced his opinion , or said anything about any film , what are you on about , this is a simple question , not a call for quality film discussion, 
  wait , for how much did you want to get marquinhos ? 
  in fm13 , i would get him for 4mill always ( for some reason transfer listed ), 
  stats, 
  ignore my shitty scout report ( 8 ca and pa judging ability , already fired ),
