  here 's the `` source '', 
  slut shaming ? 
  but they are porn stars, 
  oh , did n't check actually . 
  cheers gon na delete it, 
  probably not a german and without a sense of actual rivalry between clubs, 
  it 's the glasses, 
  it 's absolutely not the only choice , we do n't even know how ps4 looks, 
  shhh, 
   if it 's satire , it 's stupid , has resulted in the loss of probably hundreds/thousands of subscribers, 
  does that means anything to anyone ? 
  why ? 
  i can bring stuff up and then not argue about it . 
  what atheism certainly is not is memes . 
  it 's a lowest form of humor and warrants it 's own sub , i believe it 's already made which is good . . 
  enjoy your memes, 
  here , go `` lol at theists '', 
  oh , on the contrary , i hate memes , i am not subscribed to / r/atheism or any other such thing but just wanted to help i guess, 
  i stumbled upon a post that mentioned this new policy change , and ran into that rebooted sub in a few comments . 
  and this sub does n't need anything `` to get back on track '' because this sub was like this if you do remember , a few years ago , when i discovered it . 
  after a while it was all facebook screencaps , `` fundie moms '' and carl sagan quotes , and it was not about atheism anymore , but feeling better about ourselves and bashing religious people . 
  woah i 'll just stop here because the last couple of sentences you typed really put me off and reminded me that i 'm on internet , place full of smug assholes . . and that you 're simply not worth wasting my time on , which can be spent on something more productive , like sleeping . 
  i need to sleep , take care !, 
  jesus you sound like a 15 year old / r/atheism user which is no surprise given where i am . . look at your post man, 
   do you really think you have a shot at proving to the entire world what no person has ever done ? 
  where did i ever say that , what are you even talking about ? 
   please i would love to hear the rebuttal so i can tear you apart . 
  what . . ? 
  to tear me apart ? 
  you really are a angry teenager are n't you ? 
  hopefully he signs for chelsea , such a ** class ** lad, 
  why does it say you manage coventry but liverpool is in blue font ? 
   are you trying to destroy the visibility of / r/atheism ? 
  what the fuck, 
  are you all fucking retarded here, 
  the point is it 's in nepal . 
  if in usa 14 died in a car accident they would talk about it 3 days straight, 
  are you asking for source that those clubs are run by rich owners lol ? 
  alright , this happened, 
  * for some reason all the stats dropped in a day . . 
  probably a bug and that 's why he said that anichebe is not needed . . 
  i have no idea what to do . . 
  * and yeah , i used the leeds takeover db that got me 10mill in transfer budget ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20809027 ) and http://www.fmscout.com/a-leedsutd-takeover-fm13.html, 
  got him for 3.8 mill and played him as a poacher . 
  * i ' l take a look at n'djeng , sounds promising if ca n't bring my anichebe stats back lol, 
  * and sergi got transfer listed by request as you said and i offered 250k because of other interested clubs , but they were indeed asking 100k . 
  * i got old tord when i cried to my board for increased wages . 
  no , but that gave me an idea and i used it to turn back his attributes to normal state . 
  thanks for the idea haha, 
  nope , no injury , probably a bug , i 'm using a custom leeds takeover db , that might be the problem, 
   nope , no injury , probably a bug , i 'm using a custom leeds takeover db , that might be the problem, 
  lol, 
  i hate how he got 8 jumping but 15 heading . . what gives ? 
  well yeah obviously , but in my mind those 2 would go with each other i guess, 
   that hitler tilted the original swastika to make it his own, 
  no , he did n't . . http://33286648.nhd.weebly.com/uploads/1/6/3/2/16327012/515448_orig.jpg?294, 
  he used both, 
  edit : for all doubters , here 's the front side, 
  . . what, 
  i feel bad making fun of him now haha, 
  please tell me how do you afford 300k/pw for him ? 
  and you got falcao too and it 's only 2014, 
  ugh also hamsik and phil jones who are both 15mill + lol, 
  could you explain ? 
  i 'm 3 seasons in in one save and do n't want to think what would a corrupted save do to me, 
   i do n't know why you 're being downvoted, 
  look at his other posts , he 's already at -10 on my res, 
  he does play attacking midfield naturally , but on wing ( has ) at porto, 
  can i post it here for karma, 
  circlejerk was self post only , but goes to all image spree from time to time, 
  jovetic , ljajic , nastasic , tosic :( (, 
  i am peacock let me fly haha, 
  alright , markovic vas sold to [ pini zahavi 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pini_zahavi ) agency , one of the arguably biggest agents in the football world ( read some of that wiki ) for only 7mill euros last year . 
  word is he 's in chelsea ownership now , but will join benfica on loan for the next season , and that would be logical as that 's what chelsea have been doing lately . 
  obviously we would like him for one more season but he already said he would like playing with matic so we ca n't really ask him to stay at our relatively small club . . 
  i always thought torres is at least somewhat decent in chelsea , but seeing those 82 apps and 15 goals in league games just shows how truly awful he is at chelsea, 
  why would they lose millions ? 
  as opposed to other xbox one exclusives ? 
  you should make a meme out of it . . oh wait . . 
  ye , nastasic did n't even play for us , only at teleoptik lol, 
  i honestly did n't see it as paying double . . how did you interpret that ? 
  maybe if you have reading comprehension of a 10 year old, 
  what about / r/shibe ? 
  nah it 's not that mitrovic, 
  is ... is that really him ? 
  well you 're not developing them , the club you loaned them to is, 
  oh you think ... 
  there is absolutely no skill required to have all your youth players go to 89 + especially with big teams , and after seeing it for the first 20 times it 's just not that impressive at all haha, 
  that 's the point , it 's not impressive that 's all . 
  i 'm not trying to take away the acomplishment from you , i was pretty happy the first time i had a team like that but it 's absolutely not hard at all , every youth player i had went to 89 + just with regular play . 
  and fifa is easy as it gets once you have a 75 + ovr team , even on the hardest difficulty , you can beat everyone , the game is just not in depth like that, 
  oh fuck me we 're getting raided, 
  alright , i 'll start . . 
  i do n't have a favorite club outside of my local one , so i 'm pretty neutral about that , and i like to think my opinion is as unbiased as it get 's . . 
   if chelsea had n't bought them , most of these players would only have exposure to the teams they were playing at ( ignoring the fact of someone else buying them because that is a variable not related to this discussion ) . 
  are you sure ? 
  do n't you think that if lukaku for example was n't bought by chelsea he could n't get proper exposure ? 
  or hazard/de bryne ? 
  they were n't much unknown talents before chelsea . . and now van ginkel , hardly a player that 's really unknown , if that 's what kind of exposure were you talking about . 
   when chelsea played atletico in the super cup they could have stopped courtois from starting but they wanted him to prosper and learn so they allowed him to play against his owner club .
