  so all that fighting bs you said earlier was a joke too ? 
  they are most likely more brave than you and me , facing an enemy supplied with air superiority , drones and tanks , with ak47 's and rag clothes . . 
  hah , what else can they do , face an army and fight conventional battles ? 
  that 's how insurgency and guerrilla warfare works, 
  i was just adressing your comment, 
   these guys always reek of `` pussy with a gun '' syndrome . 
  they 're big tough guys when they 're hidden in the mountains of bumfuck nowhere with an assault rifle and armed friends surrounding them . 
  of course they are gon na go hide in a cave , do you think they will march on into battle vs tanks and airplanes ? 
  nice, 
  what, 
  god damn it roxie that 's not how turtles work, 
  i do n't see your point , could you expand what you think was ever funny about, 
   was funny the first few times but not the xxx , xxx , xxx , xxx time '', 
  that 's kenny mcevoy , not bale, 
  your, 
  honestly you 're even more retarded than him , talking to a `` novelty account '', 
  jesus you 're pathetic, 
   at least he 's out doing something . 
  how does that make this any better, 
  somewhere downtown , also their dead dog is in the backyard, 
  you mean using gem in title ? 
  it 's reverse . 
  amd did release a fix ( actually 4a did ), 
  it was over used a lot on reddit , like most of the things here . 
  lol really ? 
  thought it 's common knowledge here lol, 
  love your edit on / r/russia, 
   edit : downvotes , really ? 
  but that text is straight from the op ? 
  did you you honestly not know what masochist or sadist were ? 
  haha, 
  what , is knowing what masochist and sadist is regarded smart here ? 
  and you should be ashamed, 
   edit : fuck off 4chan . 
  then he gets downvoted , and there 's a guy saying, 
   a guy getting downvoted for liking something you dont , stay classy reddit, 
  do you even triforce, 
  rick owens zelda shirt usually what im dressed in, 
  idk , im not native english speaker , and it 's in same style , mazohista and sadista, 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  i was obiously using my language as an example . . 
  this is the 2nd time in few days i 've argued about this . . 
  the first time it was about probs being short for probably . 
  the main argument of the other side was that non native english speakers would n't know what probs is . . 
  but where is the line where common sense kicks in ? 
  yes, 
  who are you and why are you in my argument, 
  . . but he 's not dressed pretty here, 
  and why are you arguing about that ? 
  tour\u00e9, 
  haha all your points have `` probably '' in them, 
  what, 
  those air vents are on all nike kits this and last season, 
  that 's exactly what you did, 
  op is a stupid african american homosexual, 
  i agree , but the op didnt go to the extreme of assuming they can never have a point . 
  are we too retarded to realize an assumption you just made based on this video ? 
  a youtube video of a youtube video . . with a big `` suscribe '' on the middle of the screen haha . . top video, 
  what is life, 
   so it appears that there is no way to check how much ammo you have left in mll, 
  you can check it , but not in middle of combat instances , only in stations with npc 's and traders . 
  hold tab, 
  neces se leba najesti od toga, 
  watch out ea , this guy warned you, 
  learning their lesson ? 
  what did they learn ? 
  that they can do whatever they want and people will still buy their games ? 
  honestly nothing happened last time and certainly wo n't happen this time . 
  people will just whine for a bit and then buy the new version . 
  are you serious ? 
  only reason to hate them is probably jealousy, 
   crest up if you 're gon na dish out the banter . 
  why ? 
  so you can resort to club bashing when you do n't know what else to say ? 
  how ? 
  the article is about chelsea , he 's not just randomly saying stuff because of a crest, 
  is this a joke ? 
  spurs are linked with damiao evey season lol, 
  but jovetic has 84 finishing on fifa . . 
  go m\u00fcnsters, 
  is that really that important, 
  cmon man spit it out you know it, 
  even when it 's at -2 you should n't bitch about 2 fucking downvotes, 
  how did you learn about her in school when you did n't know when she lived lol, 
  when will you realize he does n't give a fuck about clubs in italy , or quite possibly any other country . . 
  he 's just a professional , playing for any club he wants . 
  maybe if he was italian , things would be different , but being a swede he does n't really care about italian club relations , he 's just in it to play football and earn money . 
  lol what, 
  and the comment section is not for bitching about downvotes, 
  thanks for your service, 
  you mean outside of reddit ? 
  looks like gomez 's last year celebration, 
  she should join reddit then, 
  what . . no . . 
  it 's because she hates bayern . . / r/soccer hates bayern too . 
  get the connection ? 
  i saw it as was ? 
  well it does n't have to be historically accurate to be a good film . . 
  medals of honor, 
  yep but everybody just have to mention it , lol . .
