  that 's what i meant . 
  he also edited his post to say armenian national, 
  who cares what ethnicity he is ? 
  no one cares that half of swiss team is albanian for example . 
  he 's born in italy and identify as one . 
  that 's not really that hard to grasp, 
  nothing cowardly in retreating amidst overwhelming fire coming at you, 
  just go on different web sites , wsj , times , bbc whatever and find what you like, 
  lmao, 
  nah mate do n't look into that too much . 
  hi rez just does n't pay attention to faces in general, 
  urchin for flat hp % heal + aphro heal ? 
  it 's fake mate , world news daily report is a satire website, 
  do n't know what you expected mate , it was just matter of time untill he left, 
  one of them would probably end up dead, 
  i 'll take him, 
  they 're raving about adapting ai for years and i 've never seen a difference, 
  and 4 diadora footballs , used, 
  literally every time `` xx amount of money is insane '' pops up , someone yells about deeney being worth 30mill, 
  stop it , it was a stupid bid and you ca n't use it for any comparison, 
  not buying it , no one is reporting anything , someone most likely edited it jokingly, 
  hope they 'll change that horrible firing sound, 
   i do n't think every/most redditors considers 9/11 with reverence ( eg ca n't joke about it ), 
  that 's extremely debatable and definitely applies to us only, 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adcrgydtlfi ), 
  36 that 's a kilo, 
   and was mortified even as a / r/morbidreality subscriber . 
  oh sweet child, 
  are people forgetting that there was a world cup there in 2014 ? 
  and it went fine, 
  exactly , why would anyone want to hear a story about a random sniper in the american military, 
  it 's not a civil war, 
  maybe he meant wes brown, 
  are you 12, 
   cucks, 
  huh any sources for that ? 
  first time hearing about it, 
  ugh 0 kills in 20 min ? 
  `` my favorite caine story was when he was an asshole '', 
   he 's easily good enough for napoli, 
  they have fucking higuain , of course benteke is not good enough for them . 
  how is that even a issue lol, 
  are you serious ? 
  check some photos from the 60 's and 70 's they were everywhere, 
  you can already use that trans/asi build . 
  in fact the only reason anyone used soul eater was because pros used beforehand, 
  the update is not up yet, 
   why would i pay more than someone else because their game glitched, 
  because that 's the intended price ? 
   people already paid 400 , so why would everybody be punished for their mistake ? 
  what kind of punishment are you talking about ? 
  the skin is 600 gems , whoever paid 400 can be happy because they profited from a glitch . 
  there 's absolutely no punishment if you pay 600 for it, 
   i ca n't knowing i paid 200 more than them for no reason at all . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around the fact you ca n't understand that you did n't pay more , they paid less . 
  before you argue it 's the same thing - it 's not , you paid the intended price . 
  they lucked out and you did n't . 
  you did n't pay more for no reason . 
  you paid the full price . 
  how can i explain that to you ? 
  then it 's your problem !, 
  cheers, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  the entitlement of some people is appalling , that 's all, 
  did n't know you even could `` white knight '' a game . 
  good job m8, 
  are you serious ? 
   pogba is a beloved icon and does wonders for sales and branding . 
  i 'm wondering what you , as a fan , get from him being a great brand ? 
  that does n't help your team win anything , what do you get from it ? 
  how is this game not mod friendly ? 
  lol what ? 
  also you literally have to type in the console `` cam_inert 0 '' for headbob to go away, 
  are you black, 
  i 'll fucking laugh when you elect trump and that statement becomes truth . 
  fucking yes give it to me, 
  heh , remember tribes ascend guys ? 
  yes . 
  horrible in game micro transactions , constant weapon releasing while ignoring old bugs , non existent competitive mode , shitty matchmaking etc. . 
  this is gold, 
  have another one, 
  what 's with lazio and dutch players ? 
  i just did some research, 
   lazio revealed it had appointed dutch coach joop lensen as the program 's director , with an intention to model it on the famous ajax school of football . 
  no idea , i found it [ here ] ( http://lazioland.com/pages/printpage.aspx?newsid=2330 ), 
  lol what ? 
  how can his favorite country be a stretch ? 
  what kind of shit insult is that lol, 
  i agree , people will find the most obnoxious things to whine at , i do n't remember the reddit smite community ever doing anything positive tbh, 
  i do n't follow argentine football and even i heard that lol , idk what are they going about him being a good finisher, 
  immersive combat is definitely something i would not say about an ascii based game , but that 's just me, 
  it also had the most realistic entry/exit wounds i 've seen in a game, 
  sadly that 's true , it 's a game i 'd really like to get into but i ca n't . 
  imho books and games offer different kinds of immersion . 
  i 'd expect from a book a need to do my own imagining , whereas in a game i 'd expect the game to do world building/graphics for me , and just let me play in it, 
  damn it bot work harder, 
  you 're acting as if it 's a guaranteed thing he wo n't do good in champions league . 
  we got no idea how will he perform tbh, 
  guess romance is n't dead yet,
