  oh give me a fucking break , the saints from chelsea really had in mind his development when they said he could play that one game , how can you even say that they did it so he can fucking prosper ? 
   what is your and the point of the people arguing against this anyway ? 
  none of those you listed , i know it 's hard to bring youth to play in the first team , especially with needy abramovich looking , i mean arsenal somewhat succeeded but hardly , but just not buying that many young players , and sending them on loan . . 
  i 'm pretty sure they wanted to play at chelsea , not wba or werder/atletico, 
  i play the career for shits and giggles , i play fm and i would recommend it if you want some nice in depth simulation of football ( the managing part ofcourse , the match engine is still horrible ), 
  ah , download the fm13 demo , it has a fmc ( fm classic ) mode , that does exactly what you want , you just get to do stuff about players , no need to worry about finances etc. . it 's a bit simplified version . 
  armenican, 
  i love your comment history , just like that generic hippie guy from the tv shows that tells everyone to relax and is all for love and no war haha, 
  not everything is a circlejerk . . is there a pro fucking milk circlejerk too ? 
  what about pro cereal ? 
  what ? 
  i have been subscribed her for long time on several accounts and it was always a shithole , with not even slight sense of a `` community '', 
  wait who 's prosecuting you here ? 
  whats world supercup, 
  i do n't know why did they go with this, 
  instead of this, 
  for the away kit, 
  ooh something like space jam ? 
  ha puma collar and nike sleeves, 
  after so many years you learn to love it, 
  lot 's of play time , you could try to to put him on passing training , i doubt he will need it that much as he looks like a poacher , but worth trying, 
  there 's nothing `` luxury '' about that shack , it 's just the place where the dog is tied down ( notice the rope ), 
  wow what an asshole, 
  how to easily spell definitively , atleast how i do it :, 
  spell definite , then add `` ly '' and that 's it, 
  definitely, 
  also http://www.d-e-f-i-n-i-t-e-l-y.com/, 
  phaha , well if you can tell it was early morning ( gmt +1 ) and i have n't actually sleep so yeah , i just wanted to help :(, 
   partizandannybaker -5 points 8 hours ago ( 4 | 9 ), 
  8 hours ago was not quite 12 mate :d, 
  did i miss something or you do n't think russia is independent ? 
  but gays and vodka, 
  you do n't, 
  usa : we 're not bad people , only our government is, 
  russia : wow you intolerant assholes, 
  that g is a logo , and that `` t '' is in fact g :d, 
  wow shakhtar 's signins are too predictable , another brazilian haha, 
  they also got wellington nem right ? 
  lovely business from ukrainians, 
  well yeah , it does n't even says independence , just the op 's word, 
  ah , also no one is calling it independence day , it 's russia day , something about sovereignty, 
  i 'm pretty sure it does , no matter how painful, 
  repost it in / r/rage, 
  then whats the point of different subs, 
  but le me fapping like a boss, 
  here are some more pictures of the team , if anyone wants them , really a boring season , hope when im in the epl i 'll have to fight for something , i get really bored when my team is the favorite every match lol, 
  i did well in the first half of the season , then the board decided to give me 20mill ( ? ), 
  because of my good results ( first time i saw that happening ), 
  immediately bought maher for 14,75 mill and spent rest on some other players , with anichebe in front and maher feeding him i did great as you can see , sold almost all midfield players or sent them on loan , got praet and vilhena ^ who ^ is ^ on ^ loan ^ at ^ inter ^ lol and almost reshaped my midfield in the january window ( which is not really a good idea ) but they seem to manage well . 
  go on holiday for a day , it should work, 
   yep , i feel like i 'd enjoy fallout 3 a lot more if it was just a new post-apocalyptic ip . 
  then it would n't be fallout, 
   one of the best young centerbacks in the world, 
  that 's a new one , where did you get that from ? 
  i mean they tried to get rid of him , not sure they would do that to `` one of the best young centerbacks in the world '', 
  ah , just read that thread posted here , they were actually joking lol, 
  anyway great signing for saints , and ye he 's only 23 , load of time to improve and prosper, 
   to put this in perspective , arsenal 's most expensive signing so far has been, 
  been what ? 
  do n't leave me hanging, 
  no , but i 'm a stalker, 
  but misogyny bro, 
  because it 's asked every time , and he probably just fishes for attention, 
  out of those , i never had rachid , so you could try him if that 's okay ? 
  did you get dembele for like 12mill in the 2nd season ? 
  in about 3 different saves he was transfer listed like that , with only having ~ 12apps in the first season, 
  when do you stop ? 
  who said anything about pc ? 
  i lurked here for some time and his comments are usually one liners or some other easily digestable shit and did not have any meaning . . 
  like a child wandering in a conversation with his funny joke he just heard and adding nothing to the conversation, 
  definitely ( ^ got ^ it ^ right ) next `` the outsider who does well '' team , like swansea or to some extent bvb . 
  hope they do n't sell inigo or griezmann this summer , or even vela . . 
  with no losses and some aditions could they contend for top3 ? 
  i have no idea how their finances are . 
  yes please educate me more about borrusia . . notice how i said `` to some extent '', 
  look at their seasons finishing after 2001 :, 
  then they went to win 2 leagues , cup and get in the cl final . 
  relative to prior recent years there were outsiders , at least in cl . 
  maybe not anymore , but they arguably were . 
  hm , i know montainer is french , but any other reason he left the team that finished 4th in la liga and is in europe qualy spot ? 
  if you say so, 
   red star belgrade, 
  everything is a reference on reddit, 
  first time i just wrote lol , forgot to include the link . . 
  i 'm actually gon na make / r/footballshibe, 
  wow thanks, 
  like, 
  comment, 
  subscrib, 
  wow such subreddit, 
  wow such anger, 
  just cleare the cache , reload the skin , switch to default one , and redownload from official source again . 
  there 's nothing else to do or fuck up , it 's really simple, 
  nastasic, 
  so , how 'd you do it ? 
  portion control , no fatty food and exercise i guess ? 
  :d but we secretly hope someone would say something else , that does n't require actual work haha, 
   a factoid is a questionable or spurious ( unverified , false , or fabricated ) statement presented as a fact , but without supporting evidence . 
   every american ** i 've run into ** going to the states, 
  who does n't like to put americans down btw ?
