  i also did n't get the vibe of that `` i 'm a better person purely because of my athletics/fitness/appearance '', 
  why would you expect anything on youtube comments ? 
  ouch, 
  edit ; also it 's really obvious that you 're a bit jealous that he 's a popular guy , but you also put memes in there so that it appears you hate all the youth ( even if you 're still in hs ), 
  now that i think about it , ye you 're right its the green running man . . 
  sigh, 
  posted 3 days ago, 
  made me so mad i downvoted, 
  im that hardcore, 
  i cant see shit, 
  because war, 
  i / r/australia, 
  mascherano to manchester, 
  chelsea looking to bolster their attack, 
  sack nani and young , or use as subs ? 
  but that 's what the title said ? 
  what about marc-vivien fo\u00e9 and puerta or any other player that collapsed and died on the pitch ? 
  yep , every apache video i 've seen they shoot to kill , not incapacitate . 
  they usually just leave a bloody mess of the combatants , they are lucky to even be identified, 
  but it says in the title libya ? 
  how about you dont befriend 13 year olds ? 
  whos the man with nothing to lose ? 
  dick justice, 
  yes say the things we want to hear, 
  we know, 
  is this before and after my camera purchase or weight loss ? 
  are you actually serious ? 
  please respond, 
  2 downvotes , really ? 
  and you 're wondering about 2 downvotes ? 
  get nike cortez instead, 
  generic comment of the day, 
  nice shameless plug :d, 
  wow he got 3 downvotes , what hivemind and oblivion are you talking about ? 
  yes it is, 
  is that a boy or a girl, 
  hahahah oh you, 
  i am glad we cashed in some karma on this, 
  it 's possible but only mods can tho, 
  i doubt it 's the food that slimmed him down in the marines :d, 
  really ? 
  on every thread ? 
  really , pirate facebook ? 
  you master ruse, 
  he has been deployed at cm about 3 times this season , that 's simply not his role . 
  you can put carrick in cb spot , but it does n't make him versatile because that 's simply not his role and he cant play properly there, 
   your comment is bad and you should feel bad . 
  yes , let him know how bad he is by using another overused meme, 
  i disagree , i think that nothing kills immersion more than seeing enemy forces just standing there because they 're too stupid to react to your shots , or where they just run around you doing nothing, 
  buy more ram, 
  well i did n't want to subscribe , but if a random guy on the internet said this is what cringe should be and he believes that this should become a thriving community , i immediately did, 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  is anyone esle here, 
  wheres gun in arsenal ? 
  oh boy i made some of those , fun times, 
  good thing you 're the only guy who uses steam on osx, 
  so just because you do n't agree with him , he must be a troll ? 
  nice thinking there . 
  i do agree with him btw , and how is voicing your opinion bitching ? 
  hah , you could n't really thought you were going to play games on mac ? 
  i mean surely you didnt buy a mac for games, 
  you scrapped a trip to greece because 2 video game devs got arrested for espionage ? 
  how did that affect you and why would you not go there ? 
  you 're asking for a religion to secularize ? 
  yep , he 's really suspicious ... 
  i do n't know , i 've spent 5 summers in greece and know many people who did too and no one even had problems , but the situation is probably different in these past years because of the debts etc, 
  do you know in what subreddit you are, 
  why is there no date on those old articles . . 
  why do you think that, 
  they even made new subs , hahah oh the comedy, 
  other lost his job and marriage over this, 
  what the fuck ? 
  why are you such a whiny bitch ? 
  i 'm sorry but this is just hilarious . 
  you can still post whatever you want , but in the text field of the post . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  are you being opressed ? 
  you actually made a new subreddit because you had to click two more times to see a picture in this one . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  but it 's right there in the article , nicely formatted , why did you do it again ? 
  yep , i knew it before i opened the thread , `` it 's gon na be twd and spec ops the line , the games truegaming and / r/games love to praise for their `` deep meanings '' '', 
  sigh, 
  yes i love whining , nothing to do with you tho , only the game you mentioned was relevant, 
  it 's not supposed to be a improved css . 
  the community asked for it , but this is just some dl only game on the same engine as css . 
  but i love it, 
  he never said he does it in jeans and a tee , what, 
  what, 
   every one of my feels, 
  no , stop . 
  give a guy some respect and use proper language , not the shitty recycled meme talk shit, 
  not really , kodak had good cameras even in 30 's, 
  no they filmed it in gif format, 
  better than 3d rendering of rooms i will never have money to own ( the rooms , not the renders ) . 
  that 's not really a good one, 
  hahaha , take a look at top posts on this subreddit , i 'm sure everyone here appreciates her acting skills, 
  meh , a film made in 1989 is closer to 1969 than 2012 . 
  not really that impressive, 
  but if he doesnt do anything how is that a rape, 
  wot mate,
