  here 's the player, 
  what 's wrong with your `` s '' key, 
  really ? 
  in my case it reminds me of uk and euro casuals movement , they like to wear it ( along with mentalita ultras cheeky guy , http://p.twimg.com/avjthmpceae5rcu.jpg:large ), 
  of course you did , this is / r/technology, 
  yes but no one wants to do it, 
  how about you do n't fucking call him best in the world right now , for a few weeks last year michu was the top scorer , so by your logic he was the best player in the world at the time ? 
  i wont because i dont give a fuck , and your point is shit , and this conversation is pointless , why dont you save the best in the world praise for the end of the season ? 
  he 's in the best form or his life ( arguably ) but that does n't make him the best player in the world , that 's my point, 
  jesus you are so fucking dense , and you sound like a 13 year old, 
  wow can you be more unoriginal ? 
  woah perfect, 
   i 'm literally in tears from this show . 
  are you sure, 
   i 'm a chelsea fan and i confirm this, 
  it 's official then, 
  do n't use 2 different fonts, 
  full kit wanker, 
  how the fuck is this entertaining ? 
  when the pinnacle of your humor is spamming zlatan , you know you 're not any comedy genius, 
  but it 's not ? 
  ah . . internet, 
  denis & denis ? 
  it 's / r/crazyideas not / r/logicalideas, 
  i do n't think you dissapointed anyone . 
  he still went to take a snack, 
  this was during the war in libya , not syria op, 
  really you think they steal from reddit ? 
  props to that guy who went to recover the buddy 's body, 
  this is classic cringe/cringepics, 
  people get ridiculed , but when they show up , people go all `` you are all good , cool people '', 
  i do n't know if you check comments here or on cringepics ? 
  there 's deffo bullying going on, 
  haha , well in ideal world everyone should just laugh innocently at their embarrassing moment and move on , but people here just continue and call them names and such , which is not really that surprising , given that we 're on the internet . 
  especially cringepics ( which is now default sub level quality ) , it has some ville feeling about it , and general negativity , do n't know how to explain it !, 
  because it 's filled with bunch of immature kids , like anywhere else on the internet, 
  here 's mine, 
   it seems like he has been involved in the first team for a long time, 
  because he is, 
  but that 's a drawing , not the same picture in color, 
  and dies later due to internal bleeding, 
  check some of these, 
   surely ea would n't get something as vital as this wrong ? 
  88 dribbling , 82 ball control , 87 acceleration , 90 agility and sprint speed, 
  i do n't know how to put this but there were people piloting it , are you aware haha ? 
  airplane, 
  trying too hard there mate, 
  really ? 
  you have n't played cod5 or 4 , or black ops ? 
  where did you get the idea that it 's only considered unfashionable on reddit ? 
  this is podolski 's first club outside of england , what 's \u00d6zil 's excuse for not knowing any english ? 
  i would think germans had at some speaking knowledge of english, 
  edit : could anyone tell me why am i downvoted for asking a question , lol ? 
  hah the photo reeks 80 's for some reason, 
   he has played a large role in hellas verona 's season so far helping the newly promoted team who now sit in sixth place in the serie a table . 
  and he got sold immediately !, 
  love the modern football, 
  what the fuck, 
  they all look like 3d renders, 
  could someone explain this to me ? 
  is preferring non airbrushed girls a neckbeard/fedora wearing category now ? 
  here 's some partizan academy players for anyone wondering, 
  savic , nastasic , sulejmani ( academy player , did n't play for seniors ) lazovic , ljajic , jovetic , mitrovic , l. markovic ,, 
  yep , not his fault liverpool paid 35mill for him , he ca n't just transform into a 35mill worthy player, 
  well he told us his age, 
  yes, 
  you paid 16mill euros for kagawa , mate, 
  well at least you followed some logic haha, 
  i often buy hughes , because i like his starting stats , and i play him as aml or cm often but he just does n't grow at all . . 
  really ? 
  do you have some examples of over 5k deaths a day ? 
  i ca n't comprehend that level of death , i could see some battles having that kind of casualties , like d-day landings or iwo jima/okinawa , but other than that . . 
  i took over ac milan ( they were 7th ) in january and got them to 3rd , but napoli has one match more and 1point more , what the fuck ? 
  they all got injured in succession , match after match btw, 
   * as monaco signs fc porto *, 
  manchester manchester united, 
  fascist, 
  manchester already played a `` fluid 3 '' 4231 with welbeck rooney and januzaj , did n't they ? 
  prematch kit, 
  why ? 
  droga, 
  e : did good in fener , forgot about that, 
  it does n't include steam sales ( only retail i guess ), 
   also , sales from digital distribution stores ( such as steam , direct2drive , etc. ), 
  are omitted since these figures are not generally released to the public , and the npd group and similar organisations being unable to accurately track these sales . 
  what the hell is klk, 
  do ... do i have to ? 
  i 'm not , and i do n't even watch anime , sorry :( i watch a odd episode of cowboy bebop , and that 's about it , i just ca n't get into it . 
  i do n't think that was supposed to be taken literally . . 
  very old , i remember him in pompey i was wondering why is he not retired yet, 
  what fifa are you playing ? 
  in latest fifa14 update , rabiot is 73 ovr and goretzka is 69, 
  ye i 'm using moddingway mod on pc, 
  you are trying too hard to prove him wrong . . 
  as if chico flores is a predator, 
  when you open the mw selector you can select the theme ( if you 're using the latest version ), 
  i reckon he was joking, 
   here 's some partizan academy players for anyone wondering, 
   savic , nastasic , sulejmani , lazovic , ljajic , jovetic , mitrovic , l.markovic ,, 
  and now jojic,
