  i like the other ones . 
  you happy now ? 
  enjoy your internet victory because i ca n't be arsed to explain it to you fully . 
  source is extremly moddable thus modders giving it life ( not to mention valve updating its games ) . 
  also the source engine is a better engine , and that 's a fact . 
  on the other side , only cod4 was moddable , other cod 's , not at all, 
  he 's just too short, 
  you could have just upvoted, 
  dont you fucking be social here, 
  recycling front page content, 
  why should we care about your kid when you call others self centered pricks for not caring about your kid ? 
  somehow i ca n't be bothered to click if it 's not res friendly, 
  atleast give some tought to shit you spit out every minute, 
  yup . 
  austria gave serbia impossible ultimatums so they could fail to comply to them and give them a reason to start a war . 
  i do n't even know , i have you ignored , i can only read direct replies you make to me, 
  carry on, 
  is it winter in dublin ? 
  serbia was just a middle man in a proxy war , something else would started it if there was no gavrilo princip or black hand, 
  we pretty much owned this, 
  i could say something relevant to every top comment too but i dont because i do other things that are not reddit . 
  so , they got vertonghen , kaboul , caulker and gallas now as full backs ? 
  doubt they 'd need any more, 
  saving private ryan, 
  get out of here stalker, 
  if only you were n't playing on a old nokia, 
  tmi, 
  yeah because people are gon na dowvnote you . 
  that has serious consequences . 
  f u n, 
  * i know right *, 
  oh god no, 
  they didnt invent camera yet, 
  when 's school starting ? 
  it actually happened to me too , but it was city . 
  was playing as totham and they won the cl , and were 5th in the pl so i lost the spot, 
  was furious, 
  this extremely fat individual is not funny to me . 
  that 's the most retarded thing you could say about a critic, 
  both ? 
  wow he lives with parents ? 
  he 's accumulating mass, 
  yep , but he didnt yell at movie critics to try and make a better trilogy, 
  it 's not an insult tho , it 's a fact . 
  he 's a fat man with a camera ? 
  where 's the insult ? 
  well i was there when they founded ` murica and let me tell you we dont take kindly to your types in here, 
  but he 's not even hot, 
  am i in srs ? 
  yes, 
  this is the first time ever i said something like this , i hate reddit atheist , reddit gamers , reddit politicians , reddit musicians , and hate women rights activists on reddit , because just like everything else , it 's pointless , just like this site . 
  its all fucking pointless internet forum, 
  and ? 
  no one 's saying its the only place on earth that smells like shit, 
  yes, 
  sure , add me my gamer tag is carlsagan1337xx, 
  we could also practice gay sex because we are that open minded liberal individuals !, 
  that 's sopcast stream quality there, 
  you are repeating yourself, 
  and again, 
  i do n't really get the point of this thread, 
  hey , it 's you again, 
  i 'm fighting anyone , even cb, 
  fuck it, 
  slides ... 
  haha are you serious ? 
  i doubt they would need to pay jvc , by that logic they should pay for every sponsor in every team/league in game, 
  i love how you are expressing your rage trough a meme, 
  so because this post *** learned *** you this fact , it 's okay amirite, 
  but you 're not . . 
  sigh . 
  reddit , the home of phd holders and liberal scientists ; yet somehow you only today learned this, 
  what, 
  you stupid bellend ? 
  i was just pointing out you put learned instead of taught, 
   thus is the one that learned me of this fact, 
  i 'll go with bellend, 
  # testing, 
  edit, 
  can we just say # instead of typing out sterling when talking about liverpool winger ? 
   # with a marvelous cross, 
  you are a horrible person, 
  also your karma is so low, 
  well i have ba , cisse , saviola as st 's , ben arfa , guttierez , marveux and obertan as wingers , as you can see i just started , i bought some young talents , all fast . 
  also yeah , i know it needs to pass atleast 2 months before they become fluid . 
  not to mention beat chelsea 1-3 the game after this, 
  finally the saga is over, 
  qpr, 
  so 200 years is okay ? 
  aw what the fuck, 
  what 's sad is that you are all going to forget about him in a week or 2 ( see kony ), 
  i mean , it 's a historic thing , that he did , and everyone will remember him , but no one is gon na post it here . 
  it 's the current reddit fad and it will go away . 
  stupid does not equal ignorant, 
  also it does not look he 's calling americans stupid . . 
  this is the only solution that will work . 
  athlon 64 's are outdated and old , and ca n't run arma 2 properly, 
  you can get a h61 motherboard and i3 2100 for cheap , that would run it decent, 
  just another day at the work, 
  it 's not creepy,
