  i will check it out , thanks, 
  looks like a training kit tbh, 
  i never enjoyed him . 
  he was always `` meh '' in my opinion , that 's why i do n't understand the reddit obsession . 
  i would be okay with it if there was n't million articles about him atm on reddit, 
  r u being upset m8, 
  he was n't even a third choice striker , he did n't even play for them, 
  i see you do n't watch ligue 1, 
  when likes of montpellier and lille won it it only shows how shitty the league is , asm just got promoted last year and you 're already bitching about the dick measuring, 
  if you want to talk about good times in french football it would surely be ( in recent years ) ol and om being regulars in cl and always in contention for the title, 
  i 'm not saying the team was shit m8 , i said the big teams fucked up and left the title up to grabs for weaker ( untill then ) teams like lille and st. etienne to win it . 
  i mean there 's no doubt that was a great team , then you sold it all next year and continued the mediocrity of the league, 
  lol i did , i have some shitty sport channel subscription that had ligue 1 only atm , watched so many matches that and next season when montpellier won it, 
  source ? 
  our squad won it last year ( serbia ) yet we 're still shit, 
  he probably burnt out, 
  last season they did all their business in the winter window tho, 
  are they ? 
  there 's no freedom of speech or democracy on reddit, 
  well there was a 50-50 chance . . 
  um , i do n't see a problem with it . 
  yeah , it 's useless but there 's nothing bad about it . 
  not like they did n't update the ai because they had to loosen up the net, 
  his father escaped to belgium when the war started in the 90s, 
   i have no doubt that he will score 20 + goals in la liga . 
  he already did, 
  yes , but from kosovo , which was yugoslavia, 
  c'mon , i do n't want to lecture you about history ( and geography ), 
  lol i do n't know what you 're trying to prove , it does matter , because kosovo was part of yugoslavia , so he could play for them , this is all hypothetical stuff, 
  you dont need 30 quid to give gold m8, 
  kosovars did , his father was from kosovo . . 
  i 'm gon na stop now since i have no idea what you want to prove , this is too stupid, 
  flamini played in the invicibles squad too btw !, 
  did n't they play 4-4-2 , with ronaldo on the wing, 
  my leg fell off when i tried that, 
  polarbeauer, 
  it 's not his word lol , gary neville said it, 
  probably new academy players , players coming back from loans . . etc, 
  lol that 's me first time playing cm03, 
  that was 24 years ago . . times have changed, 
  2 players is dismantled ? 
  yes they have, 
  there , now what ? 
  lol i 'm from serbia , been to croatia loads and never had any problems , been to serbia-croatia in the qualifiers too, 
   but they should n't be fapping to stolen nudes in the first fuckin ' place, 
  what , why ? 
  who are you to say what people should be masturbating to ? 
  she does n't publicly support it . 
  it was a joke, 
  maybe arsene wo n't need to put attacking mids out wide anymore, 
  literally every one of them played wide at some point in last 2 seasons, 
  lol love the unbiased comment . 
  liverpool bought bunch of mediocre to good players with funds from selling their best player . 
  same situation as spurs last season . 
  i expect the same league position as them too !, 
  they truly didnt buy any world class player , like di maria or falcao , which is what liverpool needs . 
  i know you lack depth but you also lack that world class player influence that you wont find in markovic or lallana, 
  you can look at politicians all you want but i have been to croatia and bosnia and have many friends there . . you did n't prove anything lol , majority of people ( young people mostly ) do n't care about politics and stuff that happened 20 years ago , or they decided to put it behind them and move on, 
  the only rule we had, 
  haha what but im not being called out , i didnt even said anything bad about anyone, 
  i agree , i ca n't read spanish , are we just to believe the article title and thats it ? 
  lol of course it isnt facts , im only talking from personal experience , which is enough to form that opinion ... 
  i wonder where are you from ? 
  porto 0 fouls, 
  it 's juve, 
  that 's the goalkeeper, 
  del piero twice !, 
  these are really epl specific m8, 
  he was actually decent for us , half the season he spent here, 
   it is fast because people do n't want a serie a snorefest simulator , they want to play like the real life players play , especially in the epl which is very fast, 
  i do n't know how much epl you watched but it definitely is not fifa levels of fast, 
  god damn it i feel for your boyfriend, 
  and i fingered his mouth, 
  lol those are loads of assumptions based on one comment , and i was joking too, 
  you will tho . 
  people will play him at st, 
  i played yesterday vs a guy with wallcott and dyer as 2 st 's, 
  it 's a legitimate complaint , i do n't see how you are in a position to tell someone to grow up , lol, 
  ye done that , should 've mentioned it, 
  also used nvidia control panel to force vsync, 
  same issue with 1 560ti, 
  it would be funny if he ends up being 69 ovr, 
  disable locking framerate in fifa config , then use nvidia control panel , add fifa15demo exe to 3d settings and enable triple buffering and vsync, 
  based on what ? 
  well exactly , i have n't seen anything of him , he was injured , and when he was n't he was shite, 
  or ibra, 
  what did i miss , didnt he sign for roma ? 
  of stupid people maybe, 
  mate if i would bother with big clubs i would go insane, 
  my club has problems of it 's own , i could n't care less about city or psg ruining football because it does n't matter to us , we were shit before them and we will be after them , it 's the state of small countries and their football . 
  what city , psg or any other oil rich/arab club does absolutely does n't concern me at all , sorry, 
  your comment was really stupid tho, 
  ima bend ? 
  narodna basta btw, 
  no i mean the other one about you being voice of the people, 
  i agreed with your sentiment in the first comment but then you just ruined it all, 
  lol do n't take it personally i do n't think anyone actually thinks you 're stupid, 
  no , they play decent as a team , but individually players are not that good at all , so they do n't really deserve an upgrade, 
  what, 
  kezman my love what happened,
