   as they pioneered guerilla tactics . 
  they most certainly did n't lol, 
  look up the history of guerrilla warfare, 
  saying he 's insane is not really a constructive opinion, 
   maybe some day israel will become a civilized country . 
  give it a century or three . 
  haha this made me laugh, 
  i could imagine you typing that all smug and thinking `` yes , what a perfect closing line '', 
  do you know what memories means ? 
  how is it not ? 
  that 's a bit sad, 
   you 're not even original, 
  how is that relevant to anything lol , he 's just complaining , complaints are n't supposed to be original, 
  that article title gave me cancer, 
  what a load of bullshit, 
  he 's fired because he 's stupid , that 's assault right there and it 's on tape , he 's not a hero . 
  nice job you 're a huge black guy who can toss students around !, 
  what a hero !, 
  he 's also convicted for sexual battery, 
   we 'll be waiting . 
  lol who 's we, 
  your comment was highly annoying , with stuff like `` should be president , not fired '' and that you 're actually mad lol, 
  i went to a shitty high school too , and what he did is nothing worth praising . . 
  in a grand scheme of things , yes those kids need some authority but this particular fight/gif/scene imo is nothing too special that warrants praise . 
  ye , he got fed up of their shit and i do n't think what he did was ~ morally ~ wrong but it was a stupid move to do , especially in todays culture of outrage and lawsuits and whatnot . 
  those are kids/young adults however you want to call them , even if they are criminals you should n't just toss them around without regard for safety, 
  even the name is horrible, 
   the inquisitr, 
  really, 
  yep , it might be because i 'm from europe and while i 'm in a 3rd world country our definitions of bad high schools differ ... 
  anyway yes it 's a pointless thing to argue about . 
  cheers, 
  who said it 's not a big deal ? 
   really loved seeing the pig struggle, 
  why ? 
  love the in depth discussion on this sub, 
   could n't figure out much of anything, 
  that 's not the games problem tho, 
  it took me 5 minutes to figure how to make trade routes, 
  it 's really intuitive and nicely laid out, 
  so much romanian in one picture, 
   ridiculous to compare kane to any of these three players who at one point were legitimate world-class talents, 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  they are all strikers and it compares this season goals ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  it does n't matter that this is his ( arguably ) first season performing this good . 
  it does n't prove anything ? 
  it proves that he scored more goals than them , there is nothing more to it, 
  yep , i believe mods are fully aware what shithole they are mods at, 
  when i forget my phone headphones, 
  mental strenght bro, 
   forcing yourself to be confident, 
  there 's no other way to be confident , you are not just born with it, 
  basically that 's the only way, 
  i wonder how many 30 year old bodies have you seen lol, 
   i really doubt the journalist walked into the wrong room and just started asking questions . 
  i thought he wanted to say relegation and instead said title if it makes any sense, 
  we call him bane, 
  but you read it like ban\u00e9, 
   vs. portsmouth, 
  portsmouth : james , johnson , kaboul , distin , belhadj , little ( mvuemba 66 ) , diop , hughes , traore , crouch , kanu ( davis 81 ) . 
  they had a solid defense there, 
  ye and they lost it due to pipo inzaghi goal in 92nd minute, 
  did you watch southhampton play hotsuprs last week, 
   since i started watching in 2013 . 
  well given that you missed the golden era of cs that is n't saying much, 
  imo it was at the time of 1.6 so around 2006 to 2010, 
  stuff like cpl ( winter 2006 ) , wcg i think had a great tournament in 2010, 
  eswc was another major one, 
  must be great living that paranoid, 
  that 's 3 games one of which is in the 60s , in the whole year, 
  not exactly blooming, 
  wow nice meme there, 
   spec ops : the line . 
  every fucking thread, 
  fake illusion of choice , bad shooter mechanics , game trying to force you to feel bad for shooting enemies even when there 's nothing else to the game except to . . shoot enemies ? 
  story is trying to be deep but acompanied by shitty gameplay it just fails to deliver on any front . 
  decent game , with story tiny bit above your normal `` bro shooter '' like gow , but it 's apparently enough to make people get blown away with it and mention it in every `` recommend me a game '' thread on here, 
  wow what i liked the game , just not on the level people here obviously did, 
   even as recent as last summer they were regarded as solid premiership material evidenced by their 4.5 star rating on fifa 14 . 
  i hope that 's a joke, 
  except shooting in collateral was realistic, 
  shame i 'm spoiled by michael mann films , just ca n't take these shooting scenes seriously, 
  no it does n't, 
  yep, 
  no point in arguing really mate, 
   i do n't think you 'd do that with other stories not about a women . 
  why do you think that ? 
  based on his 1 post ? 
  what 's sad here ? 
  that french clubs are doing well ? 
  does it have the next gen stuff , like the improved career mod etc ? 
  well psg was one of the biggest clubs in france even before the money injection , but yeah i do n't like rich people pumping unlimited money into clubs , but that 's today football, 
  you 're, 
   do we need to go over anatomy ? 
  lol so smug while being so wrong, 
  so it 's okay to do a revival in a game type but not in another real season ? 
  he does n't look amazing as a lb tho, 
   valve took some crappy fps game, 
  it was their port of cs : s for xbla lol,
