  what happened here ? 
  here , use [ this ] ( http://www.aidtheboss.com/football-manager-2012-logos/ ), 
   it contains logos for all playable teams , competitions and logos in the game , and they will be continually adding new ones that they 've missed . 
  in the future people will communicate trough memes, 
  the real `` idiocracy '', 
  why would you delete your comment ? 
  even if you were in deep minus , there is no need to delete your comment just because people are disagreeing with you . 
  shut the fuck up i want to believe his story, 
  so it 's not like regular football kits or ? 
  at this point reddit has the same amount of reposts and unfunny shit as fj, 
  are you actually complaining that people who were victims of a shooting do n't appreciate that they are taking a picture of a celebrity ? 
  are you actually asking that ? 
  same point , you do understand not everyone is obsessed with celebrities and generally dont care about them ? 
  please stop spamming your site , user direct image links , thank you . 
  implying that you sleep, 
  watch out he can be popular on a website again, 
  what are you going to do , downvote me untill i die ? 
  yeah , he picked chelsea, 
  smiri se, 
  i doubt he would share this if there was no reward system, 
  if by everyone you mean 20year old neckbeards then yes, 
  judging by your downvotes you ca n't be, 
  and adding 50 pounds of fat, 
  former glories of vidic ? 
  he 's not 60 , and he 's still playing, 
  he meant injury ridden vidic , as he missed the whole season , so you ca n't really compare him to one of the best cb 's last season, 
  you north americans got it easy . 
  my country was built in 6th century , the history classes were pain in the ass, 
  steam is great , right guys ? 
  it was a kingdom in 1200 's tho , not in the 6th century, 
  it was a kingdom in 1200 's tho , not in the 6th century, 
  i know haha , there are loads of cultures with longer histories , but even this is just too much for me haha, 
  considering the standard in dk it 's not really that expensive , although they are students . . 
  i like how you thought of your own comment, 
  * joke *, 
  perisic is not an striker , put gotze at am or ram , barrios and lewandowski upfront, 
  but when there is a sale it 's all gabens work , he 's the best in the world ... 
  yeah , it is after all your team , so pick what 's best for you . 
  have fun, 
  wow, 
  batman - check, 
  gameboy - check, 
  girlfriend - check, 
  a-class reddit post , guaranteed karma . 
  no , buy all means run the joke to the ground . 
  wow calm the fuck down , all of your comments here are putting words in other peoples mouth , things they didnt say but you `` getting the vibe they meant '', 
  you should chill the fuck out, 
  [ what ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7f73sshdv1rquh4lo1_1280.jpg ), 
  how old are you ? 
  but it is n't, 
   police brutality and violations of human rights of serbs in kosovo, 
  wow is your mind really blown by that . . ? 
  and you 're actually crying ? 
  if you have best left back and best right back you should have put best right and left winger then . 
  how do you think me and all the fallout 1 & 2 players felt when they released fo3 ? 
  new engine, 
  what happened to cj ? 
  nothing is the same since srs came trough here, 
  no it 's not , the only thing midly realistic about bf3 is weapon sound and bullet drop on snipers which is really shitty, 
  you just took sci fi games set in the future and compared them to a modern day shooter . 
  what did you expect ? 
  arma , arma2 , battlefield2 : project reality , these are/were the most popular sims , there were some other ones , like full spectrum warrior , but that 's not really a fps, 
  also operation flashpoint was a really popular one ( still is ? ), 
  dude , what 's your point here ? 
  of course it 's more realistic than crysis or halo , for fuck sakes , but it 's not the king of all military sims, 
  here you go , right off your facebook wall amirite ? 
  instagram 'd photo of a hairy bellybutton with a game tattoo is exactly what i wanted to see this morning, 
  iirc you unlock classes with xp , so you dont have to pay anything, 
  om\u0433, 
  to mu je namera, 
  hvala na info, 
  are retards in this thread actually fighting about religion ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not a dick move , no one is ruining your fun by pointing out that this was reposted , and it shouldb e , because this site is now a giant circle of reposted images, 
  you are an argument ? 
  sarcasm anyone . . 
  the game is sometimes too easy tbh, 
  i 'm not playing fallout to feed my sexual fantasies , i think it 's wrong to turn a post apocalyptic shooter to a nude girls showcase, 
  oh god i wo n't even try to explain myself to a person who already drew a image of me based on this, 
  i just wo n't bother anymore , go play with your naked japanese girl character or whatever floats your boat, 
  no he would not , you clearly do n't have any job or friends, 
  it 's hard for him because you dislike things he likes . 
  because youre a fucking bear, 
  you 're on advice animals . . 
  if they got jefferson farfan , even if they 're not related . . 
  did you just copy the picture from this thread ? 
  yes , youre the only pussy here that nope 'd at a fucking penis shaped limbless worm, 
  what , realistic ? 
  why does it matter ? 
  saw a guy in manchester utd shirt, 
  kill yourself, 
  headset, 
  turtle beaches, 
  which is more time consuming to type out ? 
  exactly, 
  america, 
  how is zooming on a dick brilliant ? 
  it 's shit, 
  what computer costs $ 2500 ? 
  or is it a mac,
