  sure , they won the cl , they were good , but best in europe ? 
  i am not a smart man, 
  what the fuck, 
  i will, 
  it 's photoshop , no spaces, 
  i made them . 
  change taskbar icons to small and move it to top ? 
  like a mac, 
  boredom, 
  he was the president of uefa at the time, 
  yes he 's insane because he does n't know drug prices, 
  i love it says right on the next line, 
   this is not recorded by other ancient historians and is most likely apocryphal , but it can be taken as an indication of how the senatorial class felt towards the emperor at the time of his death . 
  haha how does this confirm anyting, 
   undeniable, 
  oh god im dying, 
  it 's because it 's a unexpected ( kinda ) rumour involving a great player and a big ( :d ) club, 
  but muh avengers, 
  i 'm from europe but i 'm just downvoting you because you 're annoying, 
  you need some defensive mid man, 
  that just looks like you turned on no clipping ( tcl ) and gone wild, 
  it looks like some sweetfx preset, 
  syrian mercs in iraq ? 
  what , why ? 
  because he 's a muslim or . . ? 
  never in those years of wars in libya and syria i have seen anyone use smoke grenades, 
  i love how `` open minded '' and `` liberal '' reddit users are supposed to be, 
  well i 'm out, 
  he 's calling for extermination of muslims and i 'm generalizing ? 
   their number 1 piece of advice always tends to be `` make sure the clothes fit '', 
  that 's pretty much the mfa advice too, 
  yes, 
  you are too unique for us, 
  wow really ? 
  who in the world would guess what that is , except for aletico fans ? 
  i did because we 're in his thread , but outside of here if you typed rg8 , i doubt lots of people would know its him, 
  how so ? 
  iirc all american military stuff is made here , aircraft , tanks etc, 
  who gives a fuck , why do you care about bieber ? 
  jesus , this site is my only source of news about miley and bieber, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  it 's justin bieber , i do n't care about him , or whoever he insulted . 
  big fucking deal , the kid is a asshole , and the media is just using it for more stories . 
  haha i love this kind of argument on the internet . 
   wow you replied to me so obviously you care , why put the time to click one time if you dont care ??? 
  i do n't care about bieber , so i ca n't comment on a submission about him ? 
  okay , bye then and have fun getting mad at the kid, 
  lol nice one, 
  comedy genius, 
   i can do it in about 1 minute, 
  tell me how and will my gf appreciate it, 
  wow what a joke !, 
  good on you !, 
  of course it did n't , it 's a shitty overused joke that was n't funny in the first place, 
  what , why would i be butthurt ? 
   he would still live long because he did not look old [ 1 ] when he died . 
  that logic haha, 
  ca n't you edit player names , give them nicknames ? 
  is this some joke , because you 're repeating stuff all around the place, 
   hfb, 
  whats that, 
  can i have a vid or gif of that please, 
  no it 's the future, 
  it still is large amount of cash, 
  never, 
  no pls, 
  why are you guys shifting from 3-5-2 ? 
   torres was already declining, 
  what , how, 
  honestly , that 's what my mum wears sometimes , for real, 
   why are we posting, 
  well why are you ? 
  did you find it, 
  no , he 's the father, 
  djukic to manage serbia , hopefully, 
  hope you did n't think that was funny, 
  wow , for that ? 
  he 's right , but nothing bestof worthy imo, 
  yeah , maybe it 's because i 'm foreign and they taught us never to confuse you 're and your , but i ca n't really imagine how can you misplace those two . 
  maybe it 's given less emphasis in the us ? 
  no one actually reads the articles, 
  so incredible they allied with germans, 
  it is known, 
  skse is hardly 3rd party any more, 
  how is that hysterical, 
  you need some cdm , watch those work rates, 
  turkish genocide hit squad, 
  way to ruin the joke, 
  communist nordic trinidad & tobago, 
  he 's got a serbian name , i reckon he was eligible for english citizenship ? 
  here, 
  thing is , too many europeans suffer from a mild form of retardation called eurocentrism ( roughly understood as a patent inability to learn from history past ) . 
  these people lack referentials in comparison with the rest of the western world ( whove generally got european plus local referentials as well ) . 
  theyre just simply uneducated . 
  they live in a little world . 
  look at the english moronic fandom so prevalent here at reddit : they think they have word over whats what in football from the top of their one wc title at home . 
  look at this people blatantly ignoring southamerican teams balanced record against their beloved eurochamps despite every sort of disavantage ( like mostly playing away or even those illusory quantifiable economical ones for example ) . 
  all in all it all comes down to a funny way of circular reasoning whereof should europeans win europeans are so much better but then if they dont they werent interested anyway so whatevs , which is only simptomatic of a retarded way of thinking again . 
  i just wait for the world cup here in the southamerican continent where these idiots are in for a rude awakening not only in what refers to the host country but also to the whole of latin american nations as well . 
  chile , mexico , uruguay , etc are all going into the round of 16 no doubt about that .
