  how is that not hilarious, 
   everyone here, 
  wow really a source ? 
  haha it 's obviously a joke, 
  how is it cringy lol, 
  communication must be a bitch in your squad eh ? 
  somewhat famous book , brad pitt and zombies, 
  i do n't get it, 
  bought vossen for 9mill , sold him 2 seasons later for 49mill , he 's shit physically , had 96 finishing but just could n't bag that many goals . . sold him then bought rooney for 29mill ( last year of contract ), 
  i doubt people are born in american prisons , like those chimps were in labs ( most likely ), 
  he moved on to actual television . 
  mine for the new season , finally got wingers . 
  leeds united , radovic is a regen i got for 800k , ovr 69 . 
  3 months later he 's ovr 79 . 
  such realism . 
  used to play like this, 
  without wingers , won l1 , epl , epl , semi finals of cl . 
  this game is easy, 
  edit : if its not working i wont be bothering to make them again . . 
  yeah but will they be there 30 years before setting free ? 
  i know , but i might have worded it poorly . 
  i meant to say these chimps were born there , then spent 30 years inside before going out for the first time , and i doubt people who are born in prison are gon na spend their next 30 years there, 
  is n't 30mill too much then , with their money problems and stuff, 
  how many comments in a minute do you make ? 
   / r/soccer [ 2 ] 's circlejerk over how annoying arsenal fans are on reddit has actually somehow managed to become more annoying than the arsenal trolls . 
  the irony hurts my head . 
  of course it 's more annoying to you because you 're a gunner, 
  cheers bellend, 
  like who ? 
  i made it, 
   who knows vfl is going on, 
  hhhehe, 
  i love how bosnian goals have so much dislikes, 
  i hope you realize we are not all like him . . 
  why do n't i see guys writing `` gonewild please '' on girl posts ? 
  sierra leone , and they had whole armies for hire , watched a documentary yesterday about pmc 's and it said that 150 mercs drove off a force of 10k + rebels, 
  it 's this . 
  shadow company : pmc, 
  ah , it 's the newest moddingway patch, 
  no prob , it 's just boots/kits/transfers / new players ( youngsters , etc ), 
  nothing really gpu heavy , im playing on integrated too while my gpu is on repair, 
  nice one, 
  guy with a barret right ? 
  are they considered good actors these days ? 
  honest question . 
  so you deleted the thread when you thought you will lose , but then made a new one to brag when you won haha, 
  you belong to liveleak with your buddies, 
  and people upvoting you just shows how much of a shithole comments in this sub are, 
  could you explain why the top flight needed saving ? 
  see ? 
  i hope i proved my ( if any ) point . . 
  then use min.us, 
  which one is cisse, 
  hehehe, 
   he did n't win the champions league and premier league , the team did . 
  lol it 's a saying , i like how you disputed that just to support your argument . . 
  that was supposed to be my joke :(, 
  what does too many feels means is that something youth these days use ? 
  is it some new internet lingo ? 
  i ca n't imagine anyone using memes to express their grief to mourning people, 
  yeh i guess , but it comes of a bit immature to me . . 
  anyway i 'm really sorry for your loss , and do you feel a bit relieved that it 's done , as stupid as that sounds ? 
  i met some people who lost close friends and they say after years of battle they are just happy the pain is over . 
  have you tried the new one ? 
  i do n't think the guy wanted to be disrespectful , it just came off childish given the situation . . 
  anyway this is not about him or the `` feels '' , guy 's wife just died . . 
  how is this funny to anyone, 
  i think you 've come to the wrong sub mate . . 80 % of the time here it 's all islam hating and racist jokes, 
  this is not nam there are rules here, 
  i love people who point out what was cringe like it 's a fact . . 
  i think it 's subjective, 
  more like / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  anyway who 's the obese guy with the fedora who tried dancing ? 
  sarcasm guys holy shit, 
  with this guy, 
  i honestly did n't see anyone armed there, 
  yeah after you implement the stricter banning policy and no allahu ackbar joke rule , but the fact that you had to make that a rule is enough . 
  joker and batman are different roles, 
  i would say that for role of batman you do n't need that much `` range '' how you call it, 
  spain, 
  you do know that it 's basically all the rpg 's that are not from asia are considered western rpg 's , even if they are from eastern europe ( which poland is not ), 
  wow you spew such shitty comments on these defaults , you 're already at -10 on res, 
  i do n't know , something like [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  well chelsea play with 5 midfielders a lot . . 
  yeh and jovetic is not a pure center forward so it evens out :d, 
  worst i remember is them pissing on taliban bodies in afghanistan, 
  how did 7 people upvote you jesus, 
  what the hell, 
  marketing ? 
  i do n't think smokers take up smoking because they saw an ad on tv , if you meant that, 
  muslims , not islamist, 
  video music awards, 
  those are all quotes from the video :, 
  i love kevin spacey but cmon . . 
  i watched that iraq invasion 2003 video from this sub yesterday and it had us forces shooting at a wounded iraqi soldier , so i would guess they do, 
  i want to start , i need to lose like 20lb 's , got any advice , what to eat etc ? 
  they changed how exactly ? 
  they were a popular group when they won this , just like taylor swift did it this year ( for example ) ... 
  it 's just a different set of artist , but nothing changed, 
  now you can relate how they yell allahu ackbar all the time,
