  if he 's ukranian i do n't think you should tell him what to wish and feel, 
  well it literally means modernized and is spelled * \u041c\u043e\u0434\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u0437 * blabla , so i do n't see his point ? 
  and i 've never hear anyone call ak or akm it 's full name as he would suggest lol , it 's typically just \u041a\u0430\u043b\u0430\u0448\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0430, 
  by your logic what 's the point of helmet then ? 
  pa stoko, 
  that archer in # 6 does n't have an arrow in his bow, 
  also agbonlahor, 
  `` how do i bow '', 
  he 's 16 , maybe in a year or two, 
  i do n't think anyone thinks he 's gon na play at real 's first team ? 
  he 's 16 ffs, 
  he 's gon na be in castilla , go on loans year after year and at 18-19 gon na have cameos with first team, 
  unless he 's not messi in disguise, 
  back the fuck off ? 
  * extra points who remembers this dank meme *, 
  that does n't have to do anything with usa vs japan, 
  what the hell ? 
  -43 for stating a fact ? 
  lol what the hell, 
   the pictures you are about to see , which indicate that there is no god, 
  that 's exactly what i thought of, 
  he 's the type of people who shoot schools, 
  i feel athena is big name tank, 
  i played jags and distin until 2017/18, 
  he wouldnt get more playing time in ajax , at least for 2 years , they usually play youth in senior team when they are 19ish, 
  lol that 's so russian, 
   just because he 's ukrainian and has n't been online does n't mean he 's involved in the war . 
  people should n't jump to conclusions . 
  why not ? 
  he 's in a country that 's at war, 
  lol wth, 
   you 've been appointed moderator for upstanding values , respectable authority and sensible policing, 
  it 's just a sub , he 's not a reddit admin, 
  stop saying fuck me right, 
  unless you really want people to do that to you ? 
  lol why are you so upset going around yelling at everyone, 
  so sad, 
  that awilix looks like a coked up stripper, 
   it is named after its creator arpad elo , a hungarian-born american physics professor . 
  slavic languages have nothing in common with anglo ones tho, 
  i did n't notice your vice versa part , sorry !, 
  the other way around is very much possible , but i doubt slavic languages have borrowed anglo words, 
  the first photo is not a designer jacket , it 's the same one dude, 
  it 's just the real product is not the same as the mannequin one, 
   i would n't think twice if i saw someone wearing this at a formal event . 
  lol is this sarcasm, 
  i doubt you 've been to many formal events then, 
  lol, 
  is n't douglas costa same as willian , an attacking mid playing wide ? 
  then i 'd recommend gems, 
  i would recommend you godpack in any other case , but seeing that you played with most of them and do n't intend to play in the future , i 'd get the gems, 
   this game is my life . 
  that 's not funny, 
  now that 's funny, 
   the whole tone of this post is incredulity over the fact that an attractive woman is also smart . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  from the title of the post ? 
  also just because i 'm not saying in every post that she 's so smart does n't mean i 'm disregarding her intellect . . 
  you sound like a cunt, 
  e : just so i explain , complete with linking laws and telling her whats rape and whats not ( without being there ), 
  so is that something that 's worth parading ? 
  that you 're a cunt, 
  i do n't understand it, 
  like why would you brag about it, 
  you 're not stopping anything lol , it 's tinder chat, 
  how are you taking responsibility for anything ? 
  you just believed that she 's witnessing rape and started being a cunt and linking laws and shit, 
  the other guy said you 're stoping rape . . what the fuck lol, 
  that 's not pathetic , that 's fucking funny lol, 
  lol you do know etihad is from abu dhabi , the city everyone in this thread is shitting on ? 
  i 'd put rvp and jelavic ( i 'm serious ) before gayle in terms of finishing only, 
  `` sick camo on ak bruh '', 
  ugh generic pogba martial piazon purchases, 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  or you 're just whining ? 
  it happens to everybody, 
  could it be some of them were alive when those hats were part of an actual uniform ? 
  it was 10 days ago lol, 
  yes :d, 
   most men ca n't do, 
  what, 
  i ca n't imagine anyone at college wearing a fedora, 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm sorry i know you want to defend him but there 's just no good excuse for all the stuff he missed at sunderland , no matter how unfamiliar the system they played was / was n't suited for him . 
  you 're expected to score goals , no matter what the system is , that 's not a really good excuse, 
   the supporting cast around him at sunderland was well below average by prem standards, 
  so is he . 
  so it 's all good . 
  they 're all shit for prem it seems ? 
  no , ibra scored more than 2 league goals . 
  your argument that he would score more with better players around him is funny , you could say that for almost every striker in the prem, 
  edit : the last part was n't your comment , i 'm multitasking in proving people that altidore is shit , sorry, 
  seems like both are getting offloaded, 
  good for bundesliga i guess, 
  and my argument is that that does n't excuse his 1 goal in 42 league appearances, 
  i guess we could leave it at that, 
  russian values more like, 
  it 's a fucking phrase , no one actually thought that there is no cost involved, 
  guardians should n't be good at lane push tho, 
  no , because it 's not their job,
