  i liked new order more, 
  i read somewhere that villa was put off by his 30k wage demands, 
  yes , the guy above have no idea what he 's talking about, 
  what are you on about , i 'll have you know i 'm the ruler of my backyard 3 years in a row now, 
  i to ti je jedini problem sa novakom ? 
  iirc he wanted to pull off from the villa deal at the last moment because he heard everton were interested . 
  but there was no time so he had to sign form villa since he was on the way there anyway, 
  bravo, 
  could you give examples of some games that are/were popular in uk but not in usa ? 
  he 's apparently a done deal at stoke, 
  you 're a moron but at least you have a nice title, 
  do n't be a cunt, 
   i know buddy , the truth hurts . 
  no you 're just too stupid it hurts, 
  any point you had in the beginning faded away when you started rambling about oppressive qataris and slaves and religion, 
  he 'll be off to benfica without playing even 2 full seasons for us, 
  nastasic left with 0 senior apperances for partizan too, 
  yes im salty, 
  you started this dribble about oil money for absolutely no reason , no one was talking about that , what 's your point ? 
  you 're forgetting city or chelsea ? 
  you also came off as a cunt with your edits because `` surely they all downvoted me because i hit a nerve and told the truth no one else would say '' . 
   am i the only one who considers this an issue ? 
  yes you 're the only one in the world, 
  that 's the way the sport is going , i obviously do n't like it but there 's honestly nothing you can do, 
  but you do n't have to bring it up every time there 's a discussion about psg city or chelsea, 
  haha are you 12, 
  his last season at spurs he played everywhere , including striker, 
  lol you were really a one man team that year and he was amazing, 
  he 's 23 now and did n't really progress and people thought he would , i 'd put samper as a bigger talent than him tbh, 
  but it was a joke m8 back the fuck off ? 
  van gaal getting sacked and emery replacing him , anyone ? 
  what was the fee , does anyone know ? 
  ye he 's always on 20 + goals and they end up paying the 37 odd mill for him, 
  you ca n't compare palestine and northern ireland conflicts with * whole religion of islam *, 
  the first 2 are recent events that involve politics and stuff like that is not easy to represent in games while satisfying all sides . 
  islam on the other hand is just a religion , and its history is not anything frowned upon by muslims, 
  set in victorian times ? 
  iirc it 's turin or torino , there 's no such thing as turino, 
  lol you 're everywhere in the thread , give it a rest, 
  i reckon he has 0 say in that twitter account , is n't he supposed to be illiterate anyway ? 
  iirc fergie played him at rb more than moyes did, 
  he 's like a slow winger that ca n't dribble nor defend , i 'm not exactly sure what his main strength is, 
  as good as that sound you would perform even worse than current milan side , for at least 2 seasons until the youth become experienced enough, 
   fallout for the story and the action, 
  no idea how you can play fallout for the action with its horrible gunplay and weapon feel, 
  how are they petty complaints ? 
  people think it 's the same creation/gamebyro engine with the same problems since oblivion, 
  oh wow , i used vats so little i actually forgot about it haha, 
  i understand , i played trough fallout 2 completely hating the combat was the story and the lore made it worth it, 
  with fo3 i just completely neglected vats and never used it, 
  yeah , it was in fwe iirc , along with vats , so you get best of both worlds !, 
  that 's the case with every recent beth game tho ? 
  only grunts and battle cries are voiced, 
  damn in what world do you live in lol, 
  you 're allowed to cheat , no one said anything pointing otherwise , just do n't expect devs to cater to you, 
  if you watch football a lot , you 'll notice that pes15 plays out like a real match , wing backs overlap with wingers , strikers dropping deep to get the ball etc. . 
  in terms of raw gameplay , it 's imo significantly better than fifa at it 's core , coming from someone who played both a lot . 
  in terms of graphics pes15 on pc was gimped , and was n't next gen so i ca n't comment there , but fifa definitely win in that field . 
  presentation is another field that fifa excels at , along with licences etc. . 
  which can be fixed in pes by patches on pc . 
  there 's a demo for pes15 anyway , so you can always try out for yourself, 
  which tactic do you use ? 
  you need players with high defensive stats ( obviously ) but also high work rate , aggression and stamina so you can close on and tackle opposition at the same tempo the whole game, 
  i had great success with a plug and play tactic someone made based on simeone 's atleti , lem me find it, 
  the fucking sign on and agent fees tho, 
  i agree . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  what are the political beliefs held by the admins here ? 
  and how do they align with srs ? 
  so this is where all people from fatpeoplehate went, 
   also , if you 're going after harassing subreddits admins , look no further than / r/subredditdrama [ 9 ] and / r/shitredditsays [ 10 ] . 
   * it would be a real shame if people started downvoting shit and disrupting those subreddits in protest right now . 
  and reddit is a privately owned website , there 's no free speech laws here, 
  e : publicly privately, 
  w. . what is your point, 
  google actively censors , just like reddit . . 
  i still fail to see why would you compare those two anyway, 
  are you american ? 
  i ca n't seriously accept any of your reasoning if you 've never been to any big european city , and istead just google studies and statistics . 
  tbh i needed to do some running alone first to get into shape for our footie sessions, 
  i did n't even mean to write publicly , dno why i did . 
  edited to privately now !, 
  i do n't see anyone is stopping you from actively communicating tho . 
  i get it that you do n't care about reddit 's finances and will they survive another year , neither do i that much tbh , but if your preferred medium of communication was fat people hate ( not directed to you personally ) , the site is better off without you . 
  it 's largely inactive , and it 's been for a while too, 
  sort of `` shitneogafsays '', 
  neogaf being a gaming forum, 
  yes it was one of the top 5 or 10 most active subs . 
  for a sub centered on hating something , probably worried them . . people parrot `` srs bad '' so much when in reality , they 've been irrelevant for quite some time now, 
   i understand that reddit is a business and advertisers do not want to be a part of ` offensive ' subreddits, 
  you got it !, 
   but being fat hits too close to home for the admins/mods , hence subreddits with < 5000 were banned . 
  uh . . what yes that must be the reason . . 
  i do n't think it 's late , he surely ca n't just turn to shit all of the sudden , not like he did a torres and was never the same after an injury . . 
  wait . . 
  is n't np supposed to be nepal ? 
  in meta subs , linking to a specific thread/comment can lead to people from that meta sub vote brigading, 
  it does n't have to be downvoting too , / r/bestof is a great example . 
  posts linked there would get upvoted to thousands , they get gilded all the time , and people who disagree get downvoted as a collateral damage, 
  i agree but i was talking in terms of just performance , regardless his wage/transfer fee,
