  lol what , is n't that a regular chant in the us ? 
  i love how you got offended or something at his comment that you had to took a jab at england 's national team, 
  god damn it i 'm getting sick of the `` feels '' bullshit , ca n't you people speak normally, 
  what the hell is wrong with him, 
  why ? 
  suarez giroud wallcot podolski, 
  arteta wilsh, 
  could work, 
  is n't it called personal preference ? 
  he has way too much time free, 
  wow , a nokia is indestructible right ? 
  wow such joke , such originality , did you came up with that joke all by yourself ? 
  fuck off retard, 
  oh no problem !, 
  repetition is the mother of jokes, 
  how can anyone that works at a `` high level position '' `` flirt trough memes '', 
  jesus christ i 'm expecting you two to be 23 + yet you propose someone trough memes, 
  so it 's okay to take pleasure killing people ? 
  well the site is content aggregator after all, 
  and he did n't say anywhere that he made it or anything, 
  it 's ourselves mate, 
  not enough karma, 
  not enough karma, 
  give me gold ok, 
  nice, 
  behave, 
  stfu noob memer how many memes u created ? 
  u mad, 
  please reddit tell us what we want to hear, 
  do you have win8 ? 
  i got classic start menu and it boots me to desktop , but i guess people dont want to install additional software for that basic function, 
  you would n't date a smoker ? 
  just casually ? 
  he did n't pull the trigger , then he passed it on to the other guy who unfortunately did, 
  your account is 7 years old so i agree with you, 
  hm , but do you understand then if they had to use shotgun almost point blank ? 
  just asking because you seem to have experience with it, 
  ah ok , just wondering because i ca n't imagine a situation where a 95 year old person would be such a threat that you had to use a shotgun , of course other than the elderly person being armed with a gun . 
  what why, 
  hah well the report said he threatened with a shoehorn lol , then he picked up a 12 inch knife , which i do n't know how he had access too , being in a assisted living residence . . 
  i mean it 's not prison or anything but i think they would n't let them go near knifes, 
  you should try pes14 , whole new engine . 
  this is going to the pc engine , and the next gen consoles get the new ignite features, 
  this is interesting , 9hours in and look how many fans , could it be bought ? 
  also his balance is 600k euros wow . 
  this reads like a story from / r/circlejerk or / r/atheism haha, 
  what 's a dust 10 incident ? 
  also it looked like a friendly grenade from 10th mountains division ? 
  why do you have 3 accounts doing this, 
  but it 's not even funny . . 
  err i did , but using 10 different accounts to tell a scene from a film . . wow comedy genius . . i guess you 're the guy too eh ? 
  pee-jamas , at least that 's how i do it lol, 
   it was slow , methodical , and a scary representation of just how powerful ( and feared ) partizan belgrade 's ultras are . 
   one of the big shocks in the champions league on tuesday night was partizan belgrade 's 3-1 aggregate defeat to bulgaria minnows ludogorets razgrad . 
   after seeing their side capitulate to a team many would have heard of , partizan 's ultras had their say in a very public fashion . 
   after the full time whistle the belgrade fans starting chanting for the board to sacked , which in turn saw the partizan players head over to their ultras in an effort to calm them down . 
   then , in an incredible scene , well-known partizan ultra leader milo\u0161 radisavljevi\u0107 kimi slowly jumped down from the stands onto the pitch , before he calmly walked over to club captain marko \u0160\u0107epovi\u0107u , removed the armband in emasculating fashion . 
   kimi then walked slowly to the bleachers , captain 's armband in hand , without a single partizan player or security official daring to stop the ultra from doing what he pleased . 
  do you actually move somewhere , or do anything ? 
  worth noting that he 's not the club captain , he just got on as a substition for our ( true ) captian sasa ilic, 
   ili\u0107 is the second most capped player in the club 's history with more than 600 appearances ( official and friendlies ), 
  scepovic is a laughing stock these days because he ca n't really score a goal if his life depended on it , but somehow gets playing time due to some connections in the club ( his father is an ex partizan player and works at the club ) , or just lack of strikers in our team . 
  i * own * this wall now, 
  we got fofana from shirak :d, 
  you seem upset, 
  do you have a life or your meaning of life is to post on default subs for karma, 
  hey , could you give us some sources for those researches and quotes that they never killed anyone ? 
  that palermo side with cavani , miccoli , pastore , nocerino , balzarreti , sirigu, 
  also thought kjaer is gon na become some world class cb , but instead he joined wolfsburg then i stopped paying attention to him , no idea how 's he now . . 
  uhm , this account is almost 2 years old , and i got 20k + comment karma , now look at his , and his account is 2 months old . . 
  i 'm fairly sure he spends more time than me . . 
  i 'm on summer break from college so i got lot 's of free time , but he 's just one of those `` power users '' . . 
  i do n't want to get into this , karma is meaningless , if i cared for it i would go default subs and post one liners all day . 
  i know it 's not about karma , but attention and i do n't crave that either . . 
  if by you 're better than this , you 're 20k + you mean that somehow people with more karma score are smarter or anything , you 're very very wrong . 
  cheers, 
  `` note to self : ditch adidas '', 
  could you translate what those press people were talking in that hotel hallway ? 
  were those rebels they ran into ? 
  fake thread , ignore, 
  upsnows here, 
  why not, 
  it 's not all black and white . 
  there are terrorists in their ranks but there are also civilians and deserted army people, 
  as long as you base your opinon of him from cringepics, 
  he 's an idiot , but you wo n't find anything positive about him here, 
  ili nedaj boze trans, 
  aparently lane jovanovic is joining you guys along with simon, 
  it was 39 today, 
  * tilts head *, 
  yep but this one looks pretty much burned, 
  how do you guys team up with vevo ? 
  you 're clearly new here, 
  i honestly doubt he 's good enough for 20 games a season for manchester united, 
  i guess you 're not into `` fashion '' then , he 's definitely not first to `` try to make them happen '', 
  so edgy and cool hating on bieber, 
  you mean chinos ? 
  what 's a polo khaki lol, 
  bae caught me jerkin, 
  as a serbian i tried to figure out the message of that film , and i just ca n't . . maybe im stupid or something,
