  i know that 's not your main point but still wanted to say that . 
  his name is not catalan , it 's bojan , a serbian name, 
  his father is serbian and also called bojan, 
  can you explain a bit what gem icon ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  ooh , cheers gon na buy it !, 
  edit got a ward, 
  she relies on abilities pretty much , her basic attack then 2,3,4 combo when 1on1 can do a lot of dmg, 
  real madrid was qualified directly for the 2000 -- 01 uefa champions league as holders . 
  then , zaragoza lost their spot to uefa champions league and had to resign with a spot of uefa cup . 
  also year before this , betis bought denilson for $ 20 million , the most expensive transfer at the time, 
  then they got relegated next year, 
  i copied it from wikipedia , maybe it was already introduced in spain before england ? 
  haha cheers , i 'm a sucker for nostalgia and i had to share it, 
  pw not working, 
  for me ? 
  :o thank you, 
  you mean onside ? 
  that means it 's onside m8 , there 's no offside in that pic, 
  pm too would be nice cheers, 
  he must cringe at the shitty gsc models of ak 's in game, 
  i 've never used hughes as a dlp , more like a ap or even on a wing, 
  huh really ? 
  got to try that , although it got a bit boring using prowse and hughes in every english club career ive done, 
  i hate you all, 
  this is all wrong , it 's talk to girls using duke nukem lines , not text them hey there beautiful, 
  lol that m4 has such a high rof, 
  he 's a body for the rotation at barca tho, 
  that must count for something, 
  make way, 
  fools, 
  i 'm imagining people just saying fuck this shit and giving up driving, 
  hon also was n't free in the beginning, 
   the senseless , mindless , generic gunplay in spec ops is part of the point the developers were trying to put across i believe . 
  no it 's not , it 's an excuse made up by fans of the game . . 
  the game 's gunplay is just shit , that 's all, 
  nah , it 's cee lo green, 
  no hes not, 
  ugly cunt, 
  it was a joke but oh well, 
  what no she was n't, 
  krasnfdar, 
   the most important, 
  what, 
  i do n't play a mmorpg for it 's soundtrack , or are you saying in your opinion the most important feature, 
  how did you make your manager 's face ? 
  also what logo and face pack are you using ? 
  where 's giroud m8 ? 
  he 's a beast for me, 
  at least you tried , that 's what matters man . 
  it 's gon na be better, 
  we are so much better, 
  :d pls, 
  this is a crosspost from / r/gameai, 
  or it 's cool not to have one opinion echoed trough the sub ? 
  you ca n't disregard someones opinion by yelling hipster !, 
  in germany, 
  and a puppy dies, 
  i would love to send sylva flying across the map with ao ult, 
   who reject me ,, 
  implying he ever tried, 
  they did n't ? 
  the terrorist missed , he still bled out, 
  ye obviously just pointing out, 
   makes good music, 
  i completely understand girls and teens liking her music , but dude cmon, 
  dude i dont care what you like , it 's just you say she makes good music, 
  now that 's arguable, 
  i do n't hate her , or her music , just wondering why do you like music that clearly has teenage/girl in her early 20s demographic, 
  ball por favor, 
   but i do n't want it to go in the same way as buying gems because it will go unnoticed and basically be another payment of people wanting to buy stuff in-game with gems . 
  i actually want it to be noticed by hirez as money they deserve . 
  you literally want attention, 
  no on pc, 
   really hope this thread does n't just sink into oblivion, 
  i hope it does because it 's the milionth one on the subject , and nothing 's gon na change by your preaching to the choir here, 
  majority of people that are here are not the one insulting, 
  there 's honestly no way you can change how a random kid in this game behaves, 
  its rooted to either his behavior out of the game ( being a dick ) or just general internet anonymity, 
  we can all sit here and yell that people need better manners but it just wont help at all, 
  well i hope you 're right, 
  why would they be american at all if they 're from south africa ? 
  this is about color of skin , because person i replied to said `` if they were white '', 
  i obviously am aware of citizenships, 
  get out, 
   it 's bad enough that other players hate supports , but i guess hirez hate them too . 
  lol the drama, 
  the tears, 
  do they ? 
  if i was paired with a newcomer ill be raging too because thats not supposed to happen, 
  this honestly reads like its written by a 7 year old, 
  your dad was just lucky, 
  ok i laughed that was funny, 
  then i wish i was as smart as him at 7, 
  so it does stand for modernized , when translated to english, 
  why ? 
  the current title has nice background on the photo , instead of generic one, 
  sad but true , such a waste of our tanks, 
  it 's war, 
  that 's what war is about,
