  no , you used curse to have better comms in the game , not for some rewards lol, 
  the entitlement of some people, 
  ave it, 
  should n't it be red bull london ? 
  maybe you died 8 times, 
  how is that strange, 
  exe instead of titans seems standard now, 
  as if it 's him actually doing it lol, 
  same, 
  they wear umbro not nike . 
  morgan not comfirm, 
  it 's not fair . 
  it 's random . 
  it 's not supposed to be fair, 
  they also bought enzo perez for 25 when imo he 's not worth half of that, 
  agreed . 
  he 's pretty good and has a large fanbase and that 's pretty much it , and that 's where his reputation of being one of the best comes from imo, 
  he 's definitely not a bad player at all obviously , but his large fanbase and online presence overhypes him, 
  david lyncher, 
  arsenal overhaul adds a tons of new weapons , owr just redoes the existing ones, 
  how is thana a tanky jungler ? 
  lol, 
  you can build him tanky yes but his base stats are deff not tanky, 
  i mean yeah guess you 're both right !, 
  whats a pederast, 
  i just quoted big lebowski but thanks anyway !, 
  damn you look young !, 
  it was only 3 years ago, 
  exactly , those fouls are the first thing that came to my mind . 
  honestly i 've no idea how someone would not know what this is, 
  well why did you ? 
  to own a exclusive skin or because you like it ? 
  oh god, 
  if you were a normal person you would n't buy a skin for its value , you would because you actually like it, 
  and that 's okay . 
  but when those same people make reddit threads complaining that other people are getting recolors of their exclusive skins , i 've absolutely no sympathy whatsoever, 
  that 's exactly what the news anchor said, 
  exactly agreed . 
  i hate shitting on hirez but this change is really not something that was needed at all, 
  and he 's quite fast so you would n't catch him i reckon, 
  is he the one with the leaked video of him taking it in the ass from his missus, 
  i swear there was a bald goalkeeper with a leaked video or something like that , maybe not him, 
  might be ruddy , but ca n't find anything . 
  maybe i 've dreamt it, 
  yes !, 
  but still no idea why i thought it 's kenny or ruddy, 
  her ult was one of the best lvl5 ults tbh , it needed a base nerf , not a scaling one . 
  she would n't have much power at lvl5 anyway, 
  heh 2 abilities ? 
  i was at 100hp and did serq 1 on boars - healed to 100 % instantly, 
  they did n't remove any item ? 
  kova and coentrao right ? 
  or is coentrao injured ? 
  bale on lb please, 
  let me evade this blowpipe by crashing, 
  hence his false 9 at spain and barca at times right ? 
  is this the start of the season ? 
  only hehe . 
  that guy got hit by the same caliber , it appears it hit the bone though, 
  how do you know the guy from your video is shot by a svd/sniper round tho ? 
  might as well be a random ak round . 
  no , the people who designed this skin are n't 60 year olds . 
  they know what 's `` cool '' , this is intentionally cringy and i 've no idea how people do n't see it, 
  yep , let him chose which one, 
  ye it was an unlucky own goal but if he was positioned properly he would n't be in that situation at all, 
  agreed, 
  but the ultras, 
  are n't barry and morgan playing different roles tho ? 
  one is a regista type the other is a box to box afaik, 
  usually you want to replace trans late game with vampiric shroud , but whatever suits you i guess, 
  this thread is a biggest waste of space , bandwidth and time i 've seen recently . 
  you literally accomplished nothing with it , you wasted your time typing out stupid responses and the only thing you contributed is negativity . 
  you did n't point out anyone 's hypocrisy , there is no point in anything you 've said . 
  i 'd honestly rather be told to get cancer and uninstall smite than read this pile of shit again . 
  and now i 'm tilted because i had to read this rather sad thread , fuck man, 
  omg bm, 
  you 're united , you do n't need to cash in . 
  i reckon your board will rather him retire at united than get some 20-30mill which they do n't need, 
  the replies are worse than the comment jesus, 
  lol its not, 
  idk something like that , maybe winged instead of obow, 
  i 'd say literally no one in the us command at the time thought `` i bet we will save japanese lives if we nuke them now '', 
  how do hell do you get a daewoo k2 in mali while being senegalese on a un peacekeeping mission, 
  ex tennis player , she retired, 
   i know i will get downvotes, 
  furiously downvotes, 
   there will be people on my team with 10 games played who are n't buying boots or actives, 
  how long are you playing smite ? 
  i 've started in the beta and only saw people under lvl 30 while i was under 30 apart from a occasional conq at 6am in eu , i do n't think your experience really common , unless it was just a hyperbole, 
  great guide , liked and subscribed, 
  shame about my boy lazar tho , great shot that, 
  their third kit but they have to wear the official cup sponsor logo, 
  calm down, 
  i think that comes with guerilla warfare and insurgency to be honest . 
  your parents are korean, 
   or you lose like 8 assault matches in a row due to poor rng and bad teammates, 
  of course m8 , ca n't be you right ? 
  theres a reason you 're at -10 on my res lol, 
  back off, 
  is n't it 26x1000 worshipers = 26k worshipers then,
