  it 's even in the sidebar of this sub, 
  at least we didnt publicly hang them 50 years ago, 
  jel legendarno ili epski, 
  i 'd be surprised if any club is going to want him after this with that attitude . 
  haha are you serious, 
  what the fuck , 280 downvotes ? 
  lol what , you are not allowed to joke on mfa ? 
  take a look at some of their threads there , it 's not anything like that at all . 
  holy shit, 
  that may be the case of the core german fanbase , but the new american and other european fanbase are certainly a majority at the moment, 
  maybe it was his dream while growing up to play for bayern ? 
  and why not if they had the funds lol, 
  you mean hype train ? 
  lol are you german by any chance ? 
  i would deffo not expect a german bayern fan to say this, 
  but ca n't he live off class in dortmund ? 
  who needs money when your club is class, 
  what a dumb thing to say, 
  some of them most likely did n't have a choice except to join the war , so yeah , you should at least have some sympathy . 
  no one at the moment, 
  it 's not a mod as it 's not free tho, 
  you got the numbers in wrong order . 
  there 's more likely 300k people wanting the discussion ( as its actually shown judging by sub count ) and 3 million who just want to circle trough pictures of zelda and old nintendo consoles, 
  everyone knows that , it 's a default sub after all . 
  you ca n't change shit here , there 's 3 million people here , and when the mods tried people complained . 
  if you want discussion , go to / r/truegaming or / r/games , and do n't look back at / r/gaming, 
  we know . 
  it 's said ever time something about cod is posted, 
  you see it with your this ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  jesus what a cesspool , this place, 
  i do n't think some people here understand banter and take all stuff here too seriously . 
  this sub is too much similiar to default reddit in many aspects , that 's why it 's not my prime place to have a honest discussion, 
  that 's what those subs are for . 
  self congratulatory stuff , or how reddit would call it `` circlejerk '' ( as i havent heard of this word outside of reddit ), 
  just sack him , i have n't seen one deny the mutal agreement . 
  also , when i tried to sign the 2nd one , my board denied it saying that 1 is enough, 
   yes . 
  before sleeping dogs i did n't think it was possible to have decent congruence between your character 's gameplay actions and their behavior in cutscenes . 
  did we play the same game ? 
  in the cutscenes , he 's this nice detective solving cases and doing undercover work , but in actual gameplay you just kill loads of people with your karate or a meat clever or what not . 
  i 'd rather it be meaningless skins than some important features or mechanics as a dlc, 
  i will assume you are in the enlighted bunch too , openly debating dirty theists ? 
  . . and how smug he is, 
  there 's too much . 
  there 's often threads on default subs where every single comment is trying to be a witty asshole . 
  and then you get a thread full of puns and one liners, 
  he/she probably means all those soldiers who are `` giving their life '' ( while getting paid ) to protect `` their freedom '' from the terrorists ( in a foreign country ), 
  how so ? 
  and youre out of eu, 
  is of principle, 
  xexe heard it first with germans and poles, 
  although i would n't know why germans would go into poland amirite, 
  500 years man . . 
  heh that applies to you too then , collapsing posts bitching about reddit . 
  i agree . 
  a thank you to all the russians, 
  that 's because apple tv is specifically made for movies . 
  pi is more versatile, 
  what a generic comment about football these days, 
  can you comprehend a joke ? 
  well maybe they are n't even good enough for ligue 1, 
  also, 
   all these delicious bandwagoner downvotes :o) welcome to / r/soccer [ 1 ] . 
  yeah , you guys voted for removing hidden scores . . 
  `` oh somehow i wont be bothered to comment if ca n't see if other people like my comments . . '', 
  what , he did n't claim that it was peer reviewed or anything, 
  5on1 clutch w / 360 noscope hd mlg, 
  it 's not, 
  this is like the office steve carell moment, 
  so how did you do it ? 
  rumors . 
  here you go . 
  keep in mind i dont think the bsod is logged as i havent tried the gpu on windows 8 , except the time during the os installation when it bsod 'd , then i turned it off and proceeded with my integrated intel hd, 
  clichy is 15mill so i doubt he would splash that kind of cash on 1 player, 
  i tried pointig that out once on / r/cringepics and i got downvoted heavily and got replies like `` ugh who gives a fuck lol who cares omg fuck your rules '', 
  it takes a popular entry from a random subreddit and posts it every few hours . 
  is that a modified copypasta tho , seems decent btw 6/10, 
  no , the bar says who are the current hosts , at the moment , not the ones in the previous ucl 's, 
  probably because there are millions of users on this site , and different stances get posted at different times by different people ? 
  the comment section there is just like any other default sub , and it only got 180k people . 
  ca n't get worse than that, 
  imo it does n't matter that it 's returned , it matters that it happened , and i would not like to be robbed even if i would get my stuff back . 
  lol no , where did you get that from ? 
  they do have the biggest archive , where do you think all the seized stuff goes ? 
  i honestly did n't get that impression from that comment . . 
  but if you want to believe that he implied at something bigger go ahead, 
  could you personally please explain to me what 's wrong with dailymail ? 
  i know majority of people on reddit jumps on the dailymail hate bandwagon , and do n't actually know why , they 've just seen other people doing it , as if it 's a trend here, 
  no , do n't make a meme, 
  ah , let me see if i can find the source , it 's from some civil war in africa , they shot him in the body first , then in the head . 
  he was shot by fn fal which has some nice big bullets mind you . 
  here it is, 
  oh i am aware of them and the sun and what not , but people on reddit are so quick to point it 's daily mail , complete disregarding any content , even if it has 5 % truth in it, 
  sometimes people on reddit do n't like others correcting typos , but are quick to disregard a comment if it has a typo in it , followed by a `` learn to type '' remark . . 
  i do n't get your point of `` look how shitty our force and weaponry were '' ? 
  just because in the beginning your force was underequipped does n't mean that the croats were any better than serbs or bosnians . . 
  of course your view is biased but honestly every side commited horrible things , and your `` everyone did shit but we did less of it '' is funny . 
  as a serb i like to think i 'm aware of stuff we did in the 90 's and i never tried to defend it or compare it to other sides in the war , like some competition , who killed more civilians . 
  it should n't matter anyway .
