  also it 's a glitch , it 's something that is n't supposed to be happening , does n't matter once or every time , do you really wan na argue about this ? 
  he does n't want to watch tv , how is that ignorant, 
  i do n't care bro, 
  huh because i wo n't argue about a definition of a word ? 
  lol, 
  or heavy hammer + ichaival ? 
   this was n't bm , maybe harsh words ,, 
    it is my life 's work to make sure you never get on a team until you change . 
  how is that helpful in any way , and not just straight mean ? 
   some things should stay in the past , including mercenaries . 
  could you explain why ? 
  g36 has it, 
  eu here , ca n't join the queue because match is in progress, 
  converted, 
  bro it only happens in russia and italy right, 
   both stankovic and mihajlovic have roma origins . 
  lol where did you get that from, 
  really ? 
  first time hearing that and i 'm serbian lol, 
  are you `` european '' ? 
  if not i can see why is it a nasty one , maybe stop talking about stuff you know nothing about, 
  i doubt viera knew that, 
   this game you are talking about sounds too complex for me, 
  that is your problem , smite is a moba which is supposed to be a competitive game, 
  if it 's complicated for you you maybe should n't play mobas, 
   uses better serbian than half of native speakers i know, 
  manage his mana better, 
  so free mana regen plus cc/immunity + dmg ? 
  boy did i hit some nerve or what, 
   he was signed because of his potential quality . 
  but he 's 29, 
  you mean a 3 person take ? 
  when they pass it around instead of shooting ? 
  . . you mean bought ? 
   weve won the league 54 times and every time we won it we celebrated because its not just us winning , its us winning and them not winning, 
  exactly the situation in serbia with partizan and red star , with our league obviously being light years behind spl, 
  could n't they get vilhena or clasie for that money ? 
  gudelj is way worse than both of them, 
  this could be another sulejmani signing, 
  i never knew a question can be that wrong , lol, 
  great job eredivisie fans downvoting me for asking a question, 
  then why bother voting ? 
  what is the purpose of life ? 
  yeah but this is not about the scottish league , i fail to see your point, 
  you also screenshoted a top comment from a top thread on this sub and posted it on this sub again . . 
  i fail to see the reason for that, 
   is it just nostalgia , or does anyone else enjoy disney 's old animated films way more than the recent computer-generated films that 've been released by disney/pixar ? 
  might have to do with many of them being book interpretations ? 
  they were classic stories already, 
  it 's also pretty cpu bound, 
  i sold 4 fonts and immediately retired and am living on hawaii atm, 
  you can do it too bro just sell fonts, 
  haha, 
  x means experimental model or generally in development phase in a weapons name, 
  just like e means experimental variant, 
  damn i messed up bad m98 sry, 
  k take care m9 beretta, 
  chelsea fan with nycfc flair ? 
  are n't you bothered they 're in man city 's ownership or whatever the financial group is, 
  well you had falcao in his prime but yeah i agree , atleti plays technical football often, 
   italy is consistently underrated going into every major tournament over the past decade or so, 
  i do n't know about that mate, 
   penalties suck , but saying portugal did n't beat england in 2004 , or that italy did n't win in 06 is a little bit pedantic . 
  and who 's saying that ? 
  well you have stambouli and capoue who can play that anchor position , with paulinho and dembele who can play bit more defensively too ( if you remember dembele playing a pirlo role at fulham ), 
  i 've no idea why is poch going for such an attacking midfield , lamela , chadli and kane are n't really that great at tracking back and eriksen is drifting around them too , so that leaves mason and bentaleb exposed very often, 
  what 's not to get ? 
  al hilal clearly wants that el spot, 
  i 'd kill for a rich guy to take over my club and change the crest / add rb to the name if that means high quality football i can watch live at the stadium instead of watching losing to shamrock rovers as is the tradition with partizan, 
  no you need at least 20 years of lower league football and struggle before / r/soccer users can accept your success and grant you passage to highest tier of competition, 
  no it 's not lol, 
  i hope you do n't actually believe that there 's only 5 ss veterans still alive, 
  he learned to code and earned money for it as a high schooler , and imo that 's better than being unemployed and living with your parents/off welfare, 
  some sold weed in high school , some mow lawns , he learned to code cheats and sold them to retards who are willing to pay to fool around in games . 
  it 's really not that bad, 
  maybe the red bull example was too much , but i would n't mind an abramovich type deal or the one city did . 
  just keep our black and white kits and you can change everything else, 
  wow i thought i was the only one who did that, 
  why do n't you invite friends over , or at their place, 
  you do n't go to bars to catch up, 
  well why do n't you make them your friends ? 
  or you want to keep them in the `` acquaintances '' group, 
  i honestly dont know what he excels at , from the time i watched him at utd . 
  he 's kinda decent at everything ( except playing cdm/anchor gustavo seems to play ) but not brilliant at anything, 
  i remember him crying when leaving lazio . . what was the deal with that ? 
  is he some sort of sociopath or what lol, 
  our definition of 90 's is different then i guess, 
  well yeah technically it 's the 90 's but when i think of `` the 90 's '' i do n't really think of 1999 or the matrix or justin and britney hence i said our definitions differ, 
  3 5 2 or 3 5 1 1 napoli was so fun to watch in europe , given they had cavani but it was n't a 1 man team, 
  i 'm curious where is the money going ? 
  facilities or transfer money ? 
  did fcm spend big money recently ? 
  i agree they 're not really shit but for brazil standards they 're not nearly as good as they need to be, 
  he 's 36 , i think his time is done after this qatar spell, 
  it 's kolarov mate, 
  had that happen to me !, 
  was playing half drunk as taliban and yelled allahu ackbar so much my neighbor next morning asked me if i was considering joining isis, 
  is n't dede 26 or something ? 
  also doria was another balanta level player in earlier fm 's , but a bit less good at the start , but once he hits his prime was unreal, 
   local 11-a-side = poor man 's bilbao,
