  i kinda liked them under zeman with his shenanigans, 
  lol if you find a sub `` depressing '' you 're doing life wrong, 
  guy from sweden defending carl sagan, 
  is this circlejerk, 
  yeah we watched the gif, 
  why are you doing this, 
  majority of your posts are you bitching about this place , just an observation, 
  is the goat single, 
  how can she cross ? 
   it hurts . 
  oh cry me a fucking river , `` we did n't ask to be an elite team '', 
  probably because it 's linear ? 
   so idgaf what they think tbh, 
  you were just crying in the comment above how now everyone thinks you 're a cunt ( which is obviously not true ), 
  i can not grasp how you find the takeover hurtful ( `` it hurts '' ), 
  i for one would be ecstatic if my club was to be bought by some rich arab guy so we can stop losing to shamrock rovers in europa league qualifiers and actually make our youth products stay . . 
  unfortunately ? 
  it 's aimed at highschoolers, 
  i thought he played cb for a while now, 
   mitrovic, 
  i can safely say that he 's an average player , do n't know what the hype is . 
  that being said i 'm not a scout or a manager and ca n't really see what they see in him . 
  i know he 's 19 and has strenght , but that 's about the only thing he has at this point , but i can see why they put him . 
  okay i just kinda explained why he 's considered a great prospect, 
  who gives a fuck , sweinsteiger still missed the ball , not rooneys fault he fucked up, 
  radical !, 
  he changed to cross based tactic when he subbed mandzukic in, 
   not everyone in syria are evil you know, 
  who thinks this ? 
  could this be a tank ? 
  i ca n't imagine what artillery can fire with that precision ( in syria ), 
  do n't know if you got me right , i was wondering are there really people who think that all syrians are evil, 
  he 's wrong , he would suck at it, 
  remember sulejmani, 
  in 14.3 they ask 20mill for him haha, 
  i thought there 's no `` freedom of speech '' in the uk like there is in us, 
  tako se obogatio rokfeler, 
  he usually has 85-95 short passing in my games ( when i 'm not manu ) but has shit vision , like 75, 
   sell free gold packs, 
  it 's fine , you 're looking too much into it, 
  also i suggest you focus on the stories there , not reporting content you do n't see appropriate to the sub , leave that to the mods, 
  one look at the serie a table would explain it all, 
  probably because they 're too bored with all that money they have : v, 
  to epl folks i guess it is, 
  what, 
  that 's hardly a joke then, 
   i did n't read the article , just thought it was weird there was no source provided . 
  of course you did n't, 
  no one does, 
  what 's with the dutch and their x 's ? 
   recently as the 2008 euros, 
  that 's 6 years ago , if you have n't noticed , also foreign fetishization ? 
  what does nationality have to do with it , that 's complete bollocks , lahm is simply better at defending than baines , there 's no anti-english sentiment here ( no idea why would you even think that in the first place ), 
  you just explained why they do it, 
  it 's still stupid that you call the lahm  baines opinion `` anti-english '' just because you do n't agree with it , that 's my gripe, 
  apostolate, 
  of course it 's bullshit , it 's vargas, 
  i do n't know, 
  try the game just to appreciate more how fifa is not as broken as pes this year, 
  i think it blew the hands off the driver, 
  pr is using external dedicated servers iirc, 
  set your scouts to search for first team quality players with 1 year left on contract and 23-30 years, 
  indeed , like montoya in 1st season, 
  well there 's only 1.35 billion of them so i think its ok to generalize , right ? 
   cersoredreviews, 
  lol i laughed at nazi gramatico and franco gramatico ones, 
  you could use pripyat reborn instead of mso, 
  you can still be passionate about your toy tho , right ? 
  bahaha, 
  no it wouldnt, 
  is this still funny to people, 
  you could 've just said i would fuck them all and saved yourself some time writing that, 
  love the tiger camo , reminds me of vietnam era sogs, 
  turns out it is, 
  do n't worry i already forgot about this, 
  i was wondering where the racist comment was , thanks !, 
  really ? 
  which ones you did n't know ? 
  i understand tallahasse or quigley , but what else ? 
  it is ? 
  for anyone wondering , autumn aurora is essentially a prettier vanilla stalker with improved and somewhat realistic ballistic system ( no more bullet sponge enemies ), 
   game breaking bug, 
   clear sky, 
  yep , sounds about right, 
  i 'm just talking about missions and stuff, 
  i find it boring because there 's not too much more other than those small gameplay features . 
  kinda bored of soc and same missions over and over, 
  are you aware in what sub you are haha ? 
  the time is seven !, 
  crowd : 56 !, 
  the time is seven !!, 
  crowd : fifty six !!, 
  the last one does n't even have a gun !, 
   what 's the point of having a team in the champions league that always gets knocked out in the round if 16 ? 
   i see it as a personal attack on myself . 
  well there 's your problem right there, 
  look at that smug face, 
  hihi amater, 
  the one that resulted in a goal, 
  i do n't think there 's any confusion about which error he was talking about,
