  then again i do n't know which ui could . 
  i 'm guessing body control is how good are they with retaining the ball and physical contact is strength ? 
  hey , are you british by any chance ? 
  how does that makes sense ? 
  your military is closely tied to your politics and policies, 
  they literally protected no one by fighting in iraq and afghanistan, 
  its god save the queen, 
  they do . 
  they are not drafted , they are all doing it willingly , i dont know how could you argue about that lol, 
  yes obviously , but they are still the ones who execute those often time shitty orders . 
  and willingly since theres no draft . 
  military worship in the us is ridiculous i swear . 
  in vietnam draftees were baby killers but in the iraq/afghanistan they are all heroes , while fighting insurgents and getting paid for doing so, 
  i do n't get your point lol . 
  well yeah it 's a 10 year old game, 
  no , he manually added the names of people from hirez with reddit accounts, 
  any info on the hud theme ? 
  that could be a part from any pes review in the last few games, 
  i mean yeah , if you have the money , why not make it easier for everyone and lower the noise of the guns . 
  does he mean cia in the 80s or us training ana who defect ? 
  nothing cowardly in fighting the biggest army in the world . 
  they stand no chance in conventional warfare against them . 
  why do n't they just stand in the open and shoot , right ? 
  but ok, 
  maybe misworded , meant as in stand your ground and shoot without hiding . 
  but yeah , i - kinda - do n't blame them . 
  you got to do everything in your power to at least survive a firefight against someone with scopes , suppressors , drones and laser guided bombs . 
  still a shitty move, 
  is this a joke comment ? 
  why would you compare fifa and fm ? 
   a cb having higher attacking stats will contribute to the current rating, 
  that is not true . 
  current rating in fm is also based on his position . 
  give a defender some rating boost in fm editor and you wo n't see his finishing improve , rather his defending stats . 
  can it be that those 7 have employees on their own ? 
  like each is a head scout of 2-3 other people ? 
  you won the premier league , winning against brugge was expected tbh, 
  i head he 's an homosexual intergalactic traveler, 
  prove me wrong yo, 
  its ok guys im sorry, 
  what , that does n't sound aussie at all to me imo, 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
  1945 m1911 does n't have that `` nighthawk '' match trigger, 
   alaska brown bear, 
   more dangerous than the grizzly bear . 
  uh it 's the same thing ? 
  they 're the same species just with different names, 
  at this point why are you not playing fm ? 
  what, 
  how is me being confused allowing russia to continue pursuing its interests ? 
  jesus people here actively try to hate paladins ? 
  the game is at its most balanced state atm , apart from reinforced greaves , which are op as fuck, 
  i like how the lamb does n't kick him when he 's down, 
  there are street rules, 
  just because it does n't fit the narrative that the marines are fearless warriors does n't mean they ca n't do shit like this . 
  there is no actual evidence that these are cooks and shit, 
  to expand , there is no way we could know how can anyone react under fire , you can train people , but when it comes to actual live fire everyone will react differently . 
  ernst j\u00fcnger in storms of steel explained it 's like being tied to a wooden pole blinded and a giant sledgehammer swinging over you . 
  the expectation of it to hit you must be so fucking scary, 
  it is yul brenner . 
  it 's him !, 
  except you do n't , if you did you would n't send a guy like this to iraq/afghanistan/warzone at all, 
   vintage angelina, 
  storms of cool, 
  what a bunch of kids here . 
  not surprising being it 's a fifa subreddit but still, 
  nope he got shot , you can see bullet impacts around him at the time he falls, 
  1.4 is not out yet . 
  you should try 1.3.2 or wait for the 1.4 which will be up soonish, 
  you do n't need the ninja tabi if you go ichi/asi/quin then exe instead of ichi, 
  if you go dt + devo then i think should use ninja tabi, 
  i 'm serbian so if anyone is curious for a proper translation of the father screaming ( not like you need a translation to feel his pain ), 
  `` you 're killing innocent children , of all the people in the world , you 're killing innocent children . 
  kill me , not the children '', 
  mother is asking the doctor if she 's alive , he says no . 
  i do n't as sarajevo is in bosnia , not serbia . 
  they are remembered but the fact that the war was n't fought in serbia makes it more important or meaningful to someone living in bosnia or croatia than serbia , not counting people on the borders , because they got fucked on every side either way . 
  it 's a sensitive topic and largely political and i would honestly just move on and not dwell on it any more, 
  yep . 
  what makes it worse is that those snipers are largely on the loose and could be my neighbors for what i know . 
  very sad and scary stuff !, 
  no idea what would you like me to do then ? 
   would you like to not talk about srebrenica ? 
  yep . 
  i was born during the war , in ' 93 , and have nothing to do with it . 
  take care, 
  it says so in the description :, 
   father ( who already lost his mother in civil war ) screaming, 
  nowhere in the video does it say so , though, 
  yes because time passes . 
  do you know that everyone that survived waterloo died too ? 
  how stupid you have to be to charge at a leopard tank with a lada ? 
  anyway he 's saying `` please take me away for gods sake '' . 
  do n't know why , maybe he feared the retribution from albanians or something . 
  lol what ? 
  you do realize that he paid 20 bucks and he wants to see it goes to good use damnit . 
  you know they have buckets where the put money from god packs . 
  one for skins , balance network infrastructure etc and you can only fund one while neglecting the others, 
  you can check sctop if you want another weapon mod, 
  i do n't know if we 're playing the same game ?
