  i think ) so you can expect some similarity, 
  wow you got some issues, 
  does anyone know if gary would be a decent manager ? 
   the wants, 
  are you 13 by any chance ? 
  it 's not as a bad as saying feels tho, 
  30 rock, 
  are you stupid, 
  why do you guys use acronyms for everything, 
  american, 
  oh cmon i 'm not an native english speaker either , but i can use common sense and figure out that probs is short for probably . . how hard is that really ? 
  what is your point, 
  ... did you honestly thought my post was me actually thinking you 're stupid ? 
  just like your `` sarcasm '' post , mine too was not really serious , it 's a fucking joke . 
  and do n't give me that `` not everyone is english here '' crap . . 
  there 's a time when common sense comes in , and is `` probs '' being `` probably '' really that hard to understand, 
  it 's not, 
  i honestly dont give a fuck about `` probably '' or usernames , i have better things to do than to argue with bunch of strangers about `` probs '' being `` problem '' or `` probably '', 
  forgot about what, 
  great understanding of things there . . you might not have the time for 450 pages , but there are people whose job it is do make those reports , i hope i do n't need to explain you that . 
  not everything has to be dumbed down, 
  could you imagine the officials making videos in movie maker and posting them on youtube with those techno songs and then arguing whether he should get a ban . . 
  reminds me of idiocracy, 
  good job you really told him, 
  i got ta complain that comments on cringepics are as bad as any other default sub, 
  you sure post a lot, 
  they will [ most likely ] win the league . 
  i think that 's playing well do n't you think ? 
  the last time it was posted , it was something like `` sniper firing at a civilian '' which i think is the more likely scenario, 
  wow you sure are keen on voicing your opinion on monaco, 
   on 6 august 2012 , ocampos move to europe by joining french side monaco , who 's in ligue 2 , with a reported fee worth about $ 16 million ( $ 19.7 m ), 
  woah , i guess that 's the first singing that came from the new owners ? 
  is a league title fuck all ? 
  did you steal it from this , or this guy stole it from you , or is this you ? 
  that 's not really meta, 
   in that they will accept no other styles, 
  where did you get that ? 
  every time i see a guingamp logo i puke a little . 
  it 's horrible . 
  haha i did watch a bit of ligue 1 and ligue2 ( mainly monaco ) so i saw it quite often !, 
  i just think it does n't look like an football crest , more like a counter strike clan logo i made in 2006, 
  fuck you honestly :d, 
  upload the pdf to mediafire, 
  i can easily be a guide for you two , and probably mug you at some point , but it 's all part of unique serbian experience, 
   no more shitty memes . 
  if you really do n't want no shitty memes , unsubscribe for default subs and there you go , i have n't seen a meme on here in ages , only when i occasionally browse / r/all, 
  have you heard of volume controls, 
  what , why, 
  err yes ? 
  he deserves the `` circlejerk '', 
  first being thiago silva , other dante ? 
  i would n't call him best in the world , to be honest, 
   normally , it would be downvoted if it was bullshit, 
  and it still is , and it still will be hidden due to downvotes , whats your point ? 
  well the good comments are still on top , even with hidden upvotes/downvotes, 
  are you serious, 
   the votes are a great first filter for comments . 
  please do n't remove them, 
  no one ever removed the votes , you can still upvote/downvote , the score a post have is just hidden for a while . 
   the early bandwagon down-voting phenomenon does n't exist, 
  eh , it does actually , quite often a post got 2 or 3 downvotes , and then people follow up and downvote without even properly reading the post , seing as it have 3-4 downvotes . . 
  and yes , we need paternalism , and we 're not intelligent or mature, 
  what , why ? 
  because he 's 27 ? 
  ca n't be a different reason , he 's a good player , 75 goals in 115 apps for bayern , he did come from stuttgart for some ridiculous sum tho ; ( 35mill + ? ), 
  but i think he improved since then . . 
  stealin my points !, 
  are you implying that pc owners care only about graphics or what, 
  lol, 
  you think so ? 
  i hate it to be honest , looks like a training shirt . 
  is n't that just the scudetto winner patch, 
  holy shit , 21st april , did n't even notice the date !, 
  i have n't seen them , so i thought they were new lol, 
  deleting, 
  the `` eh '' part is also a reference from that image you just posted, 
  do you have any proof it 's a joke , or you just think it obviously is ? 
  you could n't be more wrong about the 2nd statement, 
  lol how can people understand easily that humanporn is not about actual sex, 
  going on a video content sub on a vita that does n't support flash , heh, 
  damn !, 
  unlucky , city . . 
  do n't you follow champions league at least ? 
  he 's the starting winger for bvb, 
  who knows how much more beast he has, 
  lol is he really that famous that you need to use acronyms and people know who he is, 
  84 ovr on fifa , passing 86 , vision 84 , reactions 88, 
  ca n't see what ? 
  what are you `` fighting '' for ? 
  and how ? 
  haha , a joke aimed ad those who base their knowledge of players on fifa !, 
  i ca n't blame them tho , up to few years ago i did it too , but with fm . 
  and sorry , i do n't watch the portugese league , ca n't help you . 
  i always liked the tight kappa kits copenhagen had, 
  opel haha , reminds me of milan shirts, 
  i can see that yellow template being the arsenal away , if they go with yellow . 
  and then the black purple current one being the third . 
  is that hip firing going to go into general direction of the taliban tho ? 
  what time is that in the video , ca n't find it, 
  i agree , not gon na get 10-15 mill for him,
