  op admit it you just made this, 
  so you two are n't best friends because she types like a retard ? 
  this is not cringe , i am not embarrassed at her , i am mad at her , but i guess you got your validation that she 's not a good person, 
  you should message them to say that you 're not spamming, 
  he is good tho . . 
  wow are you actually saying that football ( soccer in your case ) is not professional ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  how is basketball different ? 
  just explain what you meant by, 
   world cup soccer is very good , i will give you that . 
  but it is not professional . 
  i honestly do n't know what are you trying to say , are you suggesting that football players are not getting paid to play on the national team , and if that 's it what does that have to do with anything ? 
  also this, 
   i get the feeling if lousiville wins . . that last picture might become one of the most famous sports photographs ever, 
  had me laughing , it 's a college basketball player who broke his leg in the play offs , i surely think the photo where he is getting carried out is going to be one of the most famous sports photographs ever, 
  haha i am aware that they do n't play for their national club every day , but as i asked , what the fuck has that to do with anything ? 
  i honestly dont care about this guy as i do n't watch college basketball , or even nba , so i 'll stay away from that discussion , i just found it funny that you said : well yeah , they do n't play for they national team every day , that 's not their professional team . . 
  yes, 
  wow why would you complain about 3 downvotes ? 
  guys please downvote him just because he supports a club with a malaysian owner, 
  edit oops meant to say do n't downvote him xexexexe, 
  i know i 'm going to get downvoted but in my opinion this could be better than the uefa champions league . 
  the football quality would be on a classy level , and much more organized and without corruption like the uefa one . 
  tbh if we win vs pakhtakor in 2 days , the group stage is practically won , then comes the easy part and that 's winning the league, 
  1 year but still 6th on the top list, 
  i do n't really agree with you , but everyone has their opinion, 
  why do people masturbate to pictures, 
  we know we can see it too, 
  dude cmon you can hijack a plane midair in this game , and you 're saying something about weapon not being used in real life, 
  are you serious ? 
  why not just play arma then ? 
  haha you clearly did n't read into it enough , every time this is posted people mention that there are two different accidents, 
  so , what 's the point in playing now ? 
  every time i assemble a team like that i lose my will to play because 95 % of the time i will win because other teams not really a problem when every player i have is 85 + ovr, 
  did you actually do this ? 
  quote your youtube comment ? 
  speak for yourself ( no , really do ), 
  i always wanted to say this on reddit and here it goes, 
  i do n't like ad . 
  that 's it, 
  you have been banned from / r/originaljokes, 
  why did i look at the comments on youtube . . 
  i am downvoted for not liking a show . 
  i love you all, 
  what do you mean this is not a place to say that ? 
  this is not a place where you can all be happy , it 's about the show in general , but judging by the downvotes , i 'm wrong for not liking it, 
  why not learn a real language ? 
  you can have actual benefits from that, 
  its a joke, 
  then all the reddit will go there, 
  i hate you, 
  i played once on some euro public server and it was just germans and french people spouting insults and calling people cheaters and unknowns ( ? ), 
  never again, 
  i 've got about 1200h in cs : s and last time i 've played on pub servers in css was in 2009, 
  this is horrible , why give him this attention ? 
  if he gets fired , good . 
  if he does n't , who gives a fuck , not like he invented the `` always online '' drm, 
  but i get it this is the latest in the `` gaming news '', 
  he 's getting low on comment karma, 
  it 's 2 pm here, 
   then again some randoms from spanish/english leagues have ridiculous ratings, 
  like who ? 
  i can pilot perfectly with mouse , how different it is in a3 ? 
  are you from spain ? 
  15 months, 
  wow same , i actually thought he 's 28 , i wonder why ? 
  stephano al shwrawyicy, 
  i just checked caulker wiki to see if he can actually play as a right back and read this, 
   after initially playing as a central midfielder , he acted on advice from a coach and made the switch to central defence . 
  [ 3 ] after a single game at centre-back for hounslow at the age of 15 , he was offered trials with seven clubs including tottenham hotspur , chelsea , reading and queens park rangers, 
  wow, 
  but you support ecuadorian barcelona ? 
  you didnt close the meta tags !, 
  did you go to college ? 
  i 'm wondering what are `` douchey '' activities ? 
  fan of ceiling, 
  i wonder if there can be one video without someone mentioning that phrase in the comments, 
  do you hate your brother that much, 
  but how do we know that, 
  at the same time ? 
  how less could you care about it ? 
   plus you never get to play as the russians in wwii games, 
  haha what, 
  haha, 
  why because he has an opinion ? 
   what 's wrong with taking drugs for recreation ? 
   e may be bad for you, 
  why do you care so much about his opinion ? 
  no one implied that `` theists never pick on atheists irl '', 
   i 'm heterosexual and would rather hang out with homosexuals than religious people, 
  why ? 
   after spending a lot of time reading dawkins and ** browsing / r/atheism ** , i have become rather bitter towards the whole idea of religion, 
  well you did your atheist duty , no need to worry, 
   he was a little bit shocked , to say the least . 
  i just looked at him with a smirk , gave a half-hearted shrug and struck up a conversation with the person sitting next to me . 
  did you tip your fedora ? 
  i do n't know i know many religious people and they are nothing like that , it probably depends on the location . 
  it 's to fool other people !, 
  wow a < game  but with zombies !, 
  so new and not overdone !,
