  spartan lets you play either game in the last light style , with more polished combat and more plentiful resources . 
   ranger mode is included for free in both redux versions , and can be combined with survival or spartan modes , leading to a total of four modes of play for each game . 
   only steam , metro owners get a special discount to upgrade to the new redux versions :, 
   metro 2033 owners can upgrade to metro 2033 redux for 50 % off , and get 25 % off the metro redux bundle . 
   metro : last light owners can upgrade to metro : last light redux for 50 % off , and also get 25 % off the metro redux bundle . 
   owners of both metro games get 50 % off the metro redux bundle . 
   metro 2033 redux on steam : http://store.steampowered.com/app/286690/, 
   metro : last light redux on steam : http://store.steampowered.com/app/287390, 
   hummels , benatia or ** balanta **, 
  ugh i do n't think he 's on the same level as those two, 
  this is quite good for starters but does n't really reflect his real life skill at all, 
  i went with shotgun dmg + loco then . 
  i do have single fire mod on , although i 'm debating to remove it because it does n't really do that much , and i 'm loosing the ability to full auto in case of dozer-in-my-face . 
  i 'm notifying the fbi, 
  also no one ever had done a real bank heist `` all sneaky like '', 
  do it faggot, 
  that makes me wonder how many successful heists there is that went unpunished, 
  more pictures :, 
  bit higher res picture of the kit :, 
  nerf bang pls, 
   anti-european journalists circlejerk from american redditors, 
  what the fuck where did you get that it was about european journalists ? 
  he did n't mention the nationality anywhere, 
  no i 'm not and stop playing the victim card , i did n't notice any americans shitting on euro journalists ever here , plus stop labeling everything a `` circlejerk '' when it 's obviously not, 
  loled at kolorov , sounds like pes fake name, 
  hey dublins , over here, 
  dublins sounds like a name more than dublin ( atleast to me ), 
  lol what, 
  but it will ? 
  i ca n't argue with that logic, 
  iirc the fa has a deal with all the teams to have the same font for all league teams . 
  along with shirt sponsor regulations ( no more than couple of colours iirc ) those are league wide regulations , that only apply to premiership . 
  the championship and league 1/2 have their own fonts and regulations . 
  yes but certain stuff like sponsor , number , and font regulations are handled on league level , not the whole fa , or at least that 's how i interpreted it, 
  sick bro your jokes are out of control, 
  i got this from bbc motd show so you could send them a letter plus a fiver , they just might consider doing it, 
  . . `` whore '', 
  how is g43 one of the best guns ever made ? 
  mecha world peace, 
  it 's definitely a bug though . 
  i 've had lb 's with finishing of 80 and all red defending stats before , you ca n't tell me he will grow up to be a great defender, 
   there is a range that players can pop at, 
  i guess that 's possible , never looked at it that way, 
  anyway if you check here, 
  you could see that he 's actually 80 + ovr player , that they maybe changed the position to lb so he do n't go above 75 ? 
  i think kappa started the tight kit trend, 
  as opposed to him on the right or left pic ? 
  what no, 
  was n't he out of contract this summer ? 
  how come there 's a massive signing on fee then ? 
  oh i agree , that 's true 100 % . 
  after so much time in 1.6 , css and csgo you just get better at shooters, 
  iniesta , messi , xavi and neymar, 
  did you import your me1 save ? 
  i 'm sorry but current areal pr is infinitely worse than la, 
  it all matters in me3 too !, 
  there 's weapon reverb outside and in hallways if that 's what you 're saying ? 
  and it 's fairly realistic, 
  damn too much fm for you, 
  i can play stuff , what you got ? 
  did i miss the memo or what, 
  i know but he said `` everyones fav team '' that 's absolutely not true, 
  i like how malaga retired number 22 when isco left , despite him being there for just a season, 
  am i missing something , he did n't say his opinion is unpopular, 
  that 's almost the same german team selection that played tonight , just an observation, 
  i guess things ca n't change that much in 4 years, 
  mertesacker ? 
  that victim complex, 
  are you talking about obafemi martins ? 
   dao 12, 
  you mean armsel striker ? 
  dao 12 is fake battlefield name, 
  i 'm not a weapon elitist or anything but it 's weird seing people say dao12, 
  it 's like people calling m16 `` amr-16 '' outside the payday universe, 
  ye and the article is already posted here and is top of / r/soccer, 
  he just got the pictures and rehosted them for some reason, 
  what convenience ? 
  there can be more than one problem tho, 
  i do n't think he 's talking about the world cup, 
  just generally over the past few season , neuer was consistently good , i would put cech and iker there too , along with courtouis and lopes/ochoa/howard for past 2 seasons, 
  no , no , listen bro : if i say you 're bragging , that 's it , you are, 
  scanned maybe ? 
  i do n't recall there being an official one, 
  didnt you play ~ 12mill for 27 ( ? ), 
  old monreal ? 
  why did you stop the development on it ? 
  are you focusing on coc ? 
  are you even on coc dev team ? 
  i know , i played reborn first when it was released and updated often , plus the addons for owr2, 
  so you are just gon na disregard his valid points ? 
  there goes your whole post, 
  no , from the article it mentions that previously a 23 yr old girl rejected him, 
  native trainer , 
  lol are you kidding me , not everyone has the funds for the latest technology available, 
   for the first 60 hours, 
  damn , it was after 15h for me, 
  they all had the same template, 
  what about an abrams, 
  yep, 
   it can take out anything in north america with one shot .
