  well can it take out an abrams tank ? 
  did n't think so !, 
  lol you got baited, 
  could be / r/leagueoflegends, 
  too late mate , i already hate all of you, 
  bro they got nothing on flemish baseball, 
  what else can there be done ? 
  your home kit is horizontal stripped , could n't really invent anything new on it could you, 
  * zombies, 
  * early access, 
  * minecraft like, 
  * survival, 
  generic steam game # 49564, 
  what the hell is designer stubble, 
  after they surrendered in ww2, 
  who 's talking about reddit ? 
   tiny flag picture on a website, 
  if he 's sporting a germany flair that means he supports then in real life too, 
  yes fred is at fault brazil got beaten 7-1, 
  people lie, 
  it sounds like the beginning of the end by the doors but it 's not it, 
   a reply from andr3sky . 
  what who is he, 
  is n't beko on the sleeves ? 
  but it is, 
  hamas and israel are at war , and he got killed, 
  he was n't a random civ walking while bombs dropped, 
  it means to me that he fought the israelis and knew the consequences , regardless of what israel did to him or his people, 
  so what if he was a soccer player ? 
  i do n't see the relevance of that ( apart from that it 's posted here ) . 
  as if that somehow proves his innocence ? 
  also that guy never `` claimed as enemy '' the palestinians . 
  no idea how you got so many upvotes , probably a crowd of uninformed people upvoting the one with the most buzz words such as oppressed , militant , terrorist etc, 
  i dont see the logic, 
  how come weapon skins boosted the competitive scene ? 
  haha how did you find this 4 month old thread ? 
  it was recreativo de huelva from spanish 2nd league ( adelante ), 
  it 's a realism mod ( duh ) for battlefield 2, 
  getting on the radio and lasing the enemy tank , then seeing it getting blown up by your teammate 's jet, 
  priceless, 
   do n't think reddit is prepared for an intelligent conversation, 
  looks like he was right, 
  wow you have only 1 player from the past season, 
  and pornstars arent real women ? 
  what the fuck is that logic jesus, 
  they are still women , i 'm still waiting for his explanation of the thought process, 
  i 'm sure 254 people discussing iggy azalea is op 's marketing goal, 
  so just because you spend ton of time on steam playing/trading you deserve to be on top ? 
  bit late , but these are `` rebels '' , i do n't know which faction they belong to , but they are fighting assad 's forces , which are using conventional military uniforms and armor , which is very different than fsa makeshift uniforms, 
  well, 
  these are fsa dudes, 
  and these are saa ones, 
  i 'm sure you see the difference, 
  ah ye i agree on that , at this point it 's all a big clusterfuck, 
   i do n't give a shit who it is . 
  you just paste xcxcxcxcxcxcxcxcxcxc in the log in form, 
  what 's hard about that, 
   this guy is a beast . 
  i watched his highlights on youtube, 
  american croatian fan ? 
   but have n't historically been a cl team, 
  is this a joke , they won it 5 times, 
  you said historically , which does n't need to mean the last 5 years, 
  i think you 're forgetting who fired while a cease fire was active and who 's launching rockets randomly into israeli cities, 
  i agree i would n't sit and watch if i were palestinian , and i know from first hand from the yugoslav wars that there 's two sides to every story and i try to look objectively at it , but lobbing random rockets into israel is giving them an viable excuse to counter attack, 
   it was their first year with new console and they only had a few months, 
  it was the same engine just ported to next gen, 
  we will have official bpl scoreboard , the menus are metro styled like from fifa14, 
  when he was player of the year for them, 
  ye , zivkovic and pantic are next to go abroad to big clubs , just like plenty of others before him ( jojic , ljajic , jovetic , nastasic , savic ), 
  lol obviously they do , or you would rather they work for your interests ? 
  they are probably praised for doing good business , they spent big money on players that have resell value , and are cashing in on it now, 
  i do n't think anyone was arguing anything about morality tho, 
  finally the saga is over, 
  in fifa 13 i had immobile and milito with cassano behind them as a cf, 
  scored so many goals, 
   citation needed . 
  haha , he said imo, 
  immortality, 
  a wheel ? 
  well it says photomontage on the pic , that means it 's photoshopped , and futhead uses pictures from fifa , who uses team pictures supplied by teams . 
  so they took the picture from the team , not futhead . . lol, 
  rly u dnt know ? 
  wow m9, 
  sierra leone - mt eden dubstep, 
  its ok mi5, 
  take care xxsmokeweedxx, 
  you posted a picture of your 17 year old mother ? 
  haha i think you 're even more retarded than him, 
  i love when people make imaginary conversations in which they wreck the other person, 
  sukamusictovarish.ru / ~ files/darudesandstormlive64kbps . wav, 
  what a generic sofifa-sort-by-potential squad, 
  i like the `` ne zna , ne zna '' , we use it a lot to discourage opponent on the ball, 
  too many stories like that in america , reminds me of the office and that japanese surgeon, 
  i actually hate weird al now because of reddit, 
  fuck you all, 
  oh wow , thanks, 
  lol did you use cheats ? 
  you have iniesta , c. ronaldo . . 
  not to mention the usual overused zouma/chalobah/digne youth,
