  and no one claimed different , i do n't see the point of your wall of text which could be summed in 1 sentence , `` i do n't like enb and sweetfx . '', 
  like you did, 
  i would get both if i had money, 
   80s izod lacoste teal nylon anorak windbreaker hd 1080p new [ fresh ], 
  thanks for your service, 
  dae le gems fight club ? 
  ugly ones, 
  but still ugly, 
  well someone has to eventually, 
  i remember when some trees fell onto the tents and killed some people a few years back, 
  iirc they named the city by that quake styled game, 
  they do n't have punctuation in your tribe ? 
  i doubt there 's a rule that says you must not have any punctuation in your sentence, 
  haha why ? 
  i do about 5 actually , and i do n't really remember any of them missing punctuation, 
  i just saw that it 's farsi , so you do n't have commas at all or what ? 
  generally the non arabic languages have the same punctuation rules , i have no idea about persian ( or iranian ? ), 
  who are they, 
  it 's not even spring yet, 
  and you could n't figure that out by yourself ? 
  you need to have someone say to you `` rolled up sleeves is pretty common on jean jackets as well '' and then you understand it ? 
  unless you are fluctuating from 150 to 70kg i doubt anyone gives a fuck at your work, 
  i 'm not saying its not true , of course , why would you lie about that stuff , but i find it hard to believe . 
  keeps pointing at him, 
  8 goals in 103 apps, 
  the more you le, 
  you look british, 
  in 2 years youre gon na post that picture here, 
  wait you really dont know, 
  every video some idiot like you comes and complains about that, 
   ca n't they just cheer ? 
  it is their cheer , can you comprehend that ? 
  and that 's it ? 
  their orange kit is so shit, 
  why do you people talk in memes, 
  i believe he 's asking about robbaz in general , not about ksp specifically . . 
  which i agree with , he 's only popular because of his accent, 
  think of the most horrible racist insult, 
  thats what i meant, 
  ask any walmart employee, 
  you got to know another brick in the wall . . 
  you got 2 dowvnotes in total, 
  well it hit his cheek . . 
  5 ) end up in germany, 
  i 'm pretty sure family guy started that repetition gig , or am i wrong ? 
  ah ye , it was something about a word that begins with v , he said voldemort iirc, 
  horrible, 
  hehe copperfield, 
  are you 12 ? 
  learnt, 
  past participle , past tense of learn ( verb ), 
  verb, 
  gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in ( something ) by study , experience , or being taught . 
  commit to memory . 
  great now maybe in the future you should review * before * calling out someone, 
  are you asking how is it legal to kill people you 're at war with ? 
  i 'm not american and i do n't really support their foreign policies but you do realize that they 're armed people and have to be killed or they will eventually try to kill others . . 
  or you 're talking about them finishing off wounded talibans which is a completely different story ; if that 's the case ignore my previous comment, 
  to bre, 
  hvala, 
  how does that prove anything ? 
  i could 've said that too and you would believe me ? 
  hahaha, 
  wow where did he say that only us and uk committed war crimes ? 
  do you wear a fedora, 
  oh the top comment on that video, 
   lol fucking bitches killing our troops with ied now u got some face to faceand u little pusssy 's hide then blow a bradley up my best friend was a bradyly gunner and he ran over a ied killed him glad u did this fucking killed his ass, 
  the word nigger is an insult , you ca n't use it in any other context, 
  even their naval weapons are ak 's, 
  no , stop, 
  bmp is that armored car , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bmp-1, 
  they were shooting at the position the tripod mounted camera was . 
  it obviously hit the place the camera was but since it was n't manned by anyone ( presumably ) , no one was hurt . 
  talking about smoke puffs , are you talking about the bmp gun or the camera being covered by dust from bullet impact ? 
  you had a better haircut then, 
  are you actually serious, 
  dont return them, 
  what does timer have to do with a mirror, 
  i have no idea, 
  why am i downvoted, 
  help, 
  your *, 
  why would you tell me what to do ? 
  haha i know , had a blast tho , honestly i would probably have less downvotes if i spew some racist shit , but 250 + downvotes for this is priceless, 
  are you sure, 
  do n't get vans if you do n't like them, 
  it 's ok do n't be sorry, 
  the image url is ** abercrombie_b_9_bomber_jacket . jpg **, 
  so if you do a google search for * abercombie b9 bomber * they are all some fake chinese jackets you see on ebay for < 50 $ , which i would n't recommend . . 
  edit : found it, 
  i do n't really know what are you trying to achieve by posting it again ? 
  i thought it 's known by now that a site with that many billion hits is riddled with advertisement and marketing content ? 
  hardly an outrage or `` madness '', 
  like comment sbscribe, 
  and i have every right to, 
  thanks obama, 
  that 's not meta cringe, 
  most desert eagles use .357 .44 and .50, 
  moist, 
  maybe she wants that pistol just for the shooting range , in which case a stock would be an ok option , i doubt she wants one for personal defense to carry around in a purse,
