   02:57:21 drnighthunter : hey , hit me up if you know where to get a firefly ... sakharov is riding my ass for one . 
   02:57:33 brankovich : nice try merc scum, 
   02:58:03 jeremiah : but mercs are neut to loners . . 
   02:58:18 roma king : a moment ago brankovich was taken out by a mercenary at the bar . 
  watch out if you 're in the area . 
  remove your gamedata and the valid_item_sections in root dir , install ao/outfit addon and try playing , your saves should work . 
  iirc 4am was buggy for me , i 've no idea if the guy who made it updated it properly yet . 
  but your saves should work without it, 
  use smarchs config for ao + warfighter mod , if you want some gameplay changes, 
  damn you got to work on your aim, 
  dont play assault then if youre rolling that much, 
  it does n't . 
  iirc complete is built on some old version of srp, 
   if you are not ready to support our views , just shut up, 
  lol just lol, 
  so you have n't played coc ? 
  hope we get some fp rewards , anyone know anything about it ? 
  try out coc first , if you find it too easy ( which it is ) switch to com , at least thats how i did, 
  same with sprint, 
  that 's a nice story, 
  wow comedy gold stay cheeki amirite, 
   you juke his abilities . 
  simple is that . 
   so what you 're saying is that there 's not really much i can do, 
  what ? 
  learn to predict his 2 or stay out of its range , it 's not really that hard . 
  do n't dump your kit on him while his 3 is active, 
  your call does n't mean shit if someone above you in the pick order calls that role too . 
  that 's just the way it is.you can try and pick whatever you like but you 'll just get flamed and reported like you did . 
  which is what you deserve, 
  lol, 
  kinda late m8 , what 's the purpose of this post ? 
  what ? 
  that 's just plain wrong , and no , he was n't being racist and disrespectful, 
  lol what no , also i doubt anyone can take you seriously when you spew shit like egpy being part of both africa and europe lol . 
  that 's just plain wrong and stupid, 
  just look up misery features, 
  go with the 3 pen items + db + a def item like discord or spirit robe or winged . 
  if youre ahead and no need to worry about dying go db+m alice instead of a defence item . 
  basically something out of that item pool , heartseeker can work early too . 
  usually the standard warrior build ( excluding the starter dt ) warrior tabi/nemean/spirit / frost/winged/discord / or bulwark/pestilence . 
  it 's situational really, 
  in solo lane you can just see what kiki built in the gauntlet today , otherwise a standard mage build with maybe a spirit robe/bov, 
  for high aa speed warrior you can go for a standard warrior tabi build but going into ninja/frost/quins when pub stomping can work too . 
  the rest of the items are the same solo items like spirit robe , nemean/bov/bulwark etc, 
   my friend already got 6 items in the time i have 0 wich makes no sense, 
  that 's literally how random chance works and it makes all sense in the world, 
  who 's the man with nothing to lose ? 
  * dick justice *, 
  you do know you can leave it on in the background right ? 
  i hope you didnt spent 3 days watching twitch for a chance for a chest, 
  i 've no idea what are you complaining about then ? 
  you watched a stream because you wanted , but you feel like you wasted your time doing it ? 
  what ? 
  why did n't you do those other things then ? 
  yes, 
  soc vanilla + zrp ( zone restoration project ), 
   those helos were toast if they really engaged, 
  hah , they would be dead if the hind pilot wanted them to be , dead before they could think do we have a stinger with us, 
  i disagree . 
  as stated in the video , the high losses dissuaded germans from airborne invasions completely , but they still took the airfield and completed their task, 
  it 's his ult passive , so it 's still a passive lol, 
  there 's no point in arguing with you if that 's really what you think, 
  he 's the all of idaho, 
  follow me bruhs, 
   because they cant actually argue your point properly so try and shut it down with half cock words and phrases . 
  just like you did with sjw and `` privilege '' bullshit ? 
  why would you want that when the deluxe version is cheaper and has more stuff ? 
  well there 's no other version to preorder afaik as there 's no initiative to preorder something that 's standard edition imo, 
  delete the dynamic anomalies mod , i do n't know why he kept it up when it was obviously crashing for everyone . 
  if you really want to play with it , update to the latest version in which i believe all the crashes were fixed . 
  you need a new game btw . 
  it 's really not that hard to troubleshoot , you could 've just checked the comments for that addon and see the majority of people had crashing with it, 
  also full simulation a-life is resource heavy so you could try swapping it with living zone mod, 
   if it didnt even have the passive, 
  lol what the fuck , it would be a tier2 without a passive , not really worth buying, 
  not so harmless for the fish tho hhhhe, 
  except it 's a shithole, 
  hades obsidian shard has no tier indicator bellow it . 
  jottuns wrath too from swk . 
  and that stone of gaia , and those shoes of focus . 
  you should watch at least the god reveal notes . 
  there 's usually some info that 's not really clear in the kit description, 
  same , then i realized city builders exist, 
  i think you 're arguing with yourself here . 
  dont see anyone claiming hes bad and there should n't be any doubt that hes one of the top tier na solos, 
  what is wrong with you, 
  what no . 
  you want to build qins/fatalis / on cern for his 1, 
  it 's hirezenabuns, 
  this , his dragon hammer targeter is barely visible for me, 
  that looks exactly like something you 'd do in paint, 
  am i missing something ? 
  boxers are generally great and mild tempered dogs who are great with kids . 
  i 've never heard someone say they 're grumpy guard dogs . 
  what exactly would you like to happen then , in that scenario ? 
  warrior tabi , jotunn , brawlers , titans , void/masamune/discord / spirit robe if you really need defense . 
  with full pen build and sunder ult combo you can pretty much kill any squishy with your 1 ability rotation mid to late game , and thats your job so no point building him bruiser imo, 
  console loading screen looks like bootleg pc one you 'd find in a chinese knockoff game, 
  i mean the majority did win , and there 's nothing you can do about it .
