   ... the death toll was 567 casualties to soldiers and civilians , 291 injured and 11 buildings were destroyed . 
  296 of the dead & 194 of the injured were u.s. , british , & canadian soldiers . 
  this was the single highest death total from one rocket attack during the war in europe . 
  holy shit, 
  [ proof ], 
  that 's a horrible looking browser, 
  well that escalated quickly , i laughed more than i should have , you sir redditor, 
  shave, 
  lol you even put your name on it so people will know who to make fun of, 
  ok he mad, 
  then why bring it up . . 
  wan na take this outside ? 
  is it because they bombed us ? 
  someone is used to porn boobs, 
  geneva convention rules do n't apply to aircrafts , so they can kill everyone , even wounded guerrillas, 
  why do n't you do it ? 
  why is he drunk ? 
  i helped you with downvoting, 
  yep , it 's really obvious that he went there so he could just get the passport , play 6 matches for the team and then get sold for 16million to chelsea, 
  no 8 , captain , england shirt , that pass, 
  really reminds me of someone, 
  why is sissoko playing on the wing ? 
  our `` eternal derby '' is always nice ( partizan vs red star ) , it even has a really big wiki page, 
  but do n't go to any of the regular matches , as the attendance is really shit ( like 3 or 3k avg ), 
  yes , i need my dose of daily usa bashing because i hate your freedoms so much . . 
  you really think only the europeans here hate the us ? 
  and this is not hating , just stating the facts, 
  wow i had no idea there were serb neighborhoods in detroit , what it 's called ? 
  hope you liked our ( turkish really ) food :d, 
  well for instance if you take programming classes you can get some practice , because they mostly look at practical knowledge not diplomas in that sector, 
  whats b!tch and motherf ***** ? 
  is it me or they slightly changed the barcelona crest ? 
  oh god i forgot to mouse over the crest, 
  are you 12 ? 
  yes , because everything is so simple and black and white, 
   the competition has too many games and very little prize money . 
  every ** premier league ** club which has been in it has suffered - their season suffered dramatically, 
  yes because only epl teams play in el . . 
  lots of small teams * ( i mean the 1st/2nd place teams from leagues w/o europe spots ) * rate qualifying for europe a big success , and it 's something that people set as goals at the beginning of the season , while epl teams get too much money for domestic matches compared to europa league ones , and consider it a hassle to play . . 
  you really think those jokes are funny ? 
  they were, 
  what , it 's not a homage to bob , it was a real battle , haha, 
  and the episode and town layout is based on real carentan , so it goes around . . 
  i 'm really hoping you 're telling the truth , this story made me rage so much, 
  ok we get it you 're not impressed, 
  could it be that they are lying ? 
  maybe they do n't want bad publicity or something . . 
  i really think they should nerf varane 's sped , 56 acceleration is too low, 
   sadly , he thought his job was apparently worth more than his job . 
  i thought nerf means `` adjust '' . . hmm, 
  you should be, 
  it 's probably the impact spot , the blood that left after they moved the body, 
  yep , the shadows on the stairs i think , but he jumped so i doubt he turned into a shadow on impact haha, 
  w. . what, 
  maybe because it 's a multi million community ? 
  what escalated quickly ? 
  after 2500h on cs source i forgot how it was not to know to play counter strike . . 
  i raged so much first 30h on csgo, 
   dude is just trying to have fun . 
  take 10 of your best friends and make a fun silly video ( just like hyfr ), 
  because he gets paid to do this, 
  why do you think she 's classy ? 
   if they so desired they could probably bankroll qpr into the top 4 . 
  and now goes the question , why do n't they ? 
  what did it said please ? 
  what about countries that are not in eu ( european union ) ? 
  because i ca n't spell, 
  it 's probably his alt account and he 's attention whoring, 
  haha , you linked to your own submission ,, 
  couldve just dropped the picture here, 
  that album is on vk.com , thats like russian facebook ,, 
  then, 
  why did you repeat his answer ? 
  no stop, 
  how does it feel to be popular, 
  lol did you just call him noob, 
  lol you drank it because youre a tourist, 
  of course they ca n't , they mostly were n't trained properly or were n't trained at all , firing a mortar effectively after all is a difficult task, 
  wow, 
  what are you talking about, 
  is this a guy lying on his side missing a foot ? 
  or i 'm just stupid, 
  who says you did ? 
  wow what are you talking about , he even posted a reason why he went to the army , and that 's to get to college , and yet you still think he `` fought for other peoples freedom '' , haha . 
  its a color, 
  right click , set as desktop background, 
  wow this is really sad for a 18 year old , it looks like a cake i would get for my 5year old brother, 
  yes and ? 
  haha, 
  now imagine vietnam war statistics ( or do n't imagine but find them , i 'm too lazy ), 
  but we just witnessed that they did, 
  iirc that 's just colored white bread with some grains and shit, 
  oh god i give up , you sound more retarded with every reply, 
  yep , or just skip to 1:50 in the video and see for yourself, 
  haha how long it took you to make that up, 
  dude he 's bullshiting you . . 
  it 's just the iraqi propaganda , of course theres no idf defector with a prototype rifle haha , it 's just a compilation of insurgent sniper videos , then they put 1 name on them just to strike fear of a mysterious juba sniper or what not, 
  why do you think i 'm not calm ? 
  i just think it 's sad , i 'm not really mad about it, 
  12.32 reply,
