  you are my moon ehehehhe, 
   the face should usually be blocked unless it regards hair or glasses . 
  lol what , why ? 
  it 's his face he can show it if he wants, 
  i would like to see you say that if your kid got hit by a car ( hopefully not ), 
  do you have any favorites ( of all time ) that are not from this year ? 
  even the rest of 100 of your words are complete garbage . . where did you get this :, 
   it sounds ridiculous to call ronaldo the `` underdog '' , but he really is when he 's fighting against the governing body of the sport he plays for, 
  he 's not the underdog in any sense , the governing body is not against him , and you do n't need to love one of them , why not both ? 
  he probably meant inside forward and you know it, 
  * literally *, 
  do they not use full stops in your language ? 
  swapped ozil for james ? 
  why ? 
  why do n't you add them manually ? 
  it 's not hard at all, 
  yeah just go with a team thats doing better like a true supporter, 
  maybe this is the league only, 
  do people not understand rivalry ? 
  i would wish for my rival team to have 100 injuries if it would mean easier fight for the title, 
  he said his team was doing badly and that was his reasoning for not putting up the flair ( if i understood completely ), 
  those two are mutual in most cases , ie if they have loads of injuries , they would have higher chance of losing . . 
   but do n't jokingly accuse someone of being a rapist . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  it 's a joke , is the nigerian judge gon na get offended ? 
  jesus , almost same as they paid for drogba iirc, 
  is this for real, 
  did you try to join the police then failed now you go around making up stories, 
   but do n't want to phrase it as a question ? 
  why, 
  i 'm playing on legendary and i had an icredibly easy group in ucl and won it , along with eredivisie and knvb cup ... now trying to invest all the money in youth academy and not buy anyone ( bought clasie and de vrij in the 1st season ), 
  it will be fun to try and defend champions league , although all other teams in eredivisie are shit and i 'm winning easily . . maybe a time to switch to some new team, 
  that fence is made to be climbed over !, 
  what a complete bullshit , no one cares that he 's american , it 's just that he 's not that good, 
  what, 
  38 goals for az ? 
  woah epl quality there . . 
  many worse players had more goals scored than him , yes he 's young and can score in eredivisie but that does n't mean he 's epl quality, 
  dude i said he 's not epl quality atm , not that he 's bad, 
  i do n't think so , it 's manchester united after all , and who would leave only after 1 season of not playing ? 
  i think you 'll find that it 's subjective . . 
  i mean who are you to say what 's badass and what 's not ? 
  i agree this was stupid , but it might be badass to someone, 
  that 's 2 seasons ago , last season united won it mate, 
  is n't he my gardener, 
  ah ok i guess , it was 2012 after all , but i 'm used to counting in seasons when talking about football haha, 
  2011-12 , finished in may 2012 so technically last year, 
  what does position have to do with pace ? 
  cristiana, 
  and ? 
  she is not wrong , you are not wrong, 
  benefit of the doubt for a man that killed an unarmed girl ( presumably to the back of the head ), 
  on my first church mission i was with the default character ( marcus ? ), 
  and got killed by the first horde ever ( i went in with a pipe vs 20zombies ), 
  i actually continued playing because i liked the everyone-can-die approach and as some sort of `` fuck you '' to all immortal main characters in other games/films, 
  jesus where do you live , detroit ? 
  good thing this is n't battlefield 3, 
  suarez had 35 in 33, 
  at the begining of career ,, 
  i bought benteke for 16mill pounds + podolski , first season, 
  there are newgens too , like in fm, 
  is n't it always a 4-4-2 ? 
  yes , more details please !, 
  if you 're in belgrade i could take you on a tour ( and possibly mug you we will see ), 
  and kasabian !, 
  you mean all the 10 times it plays haha, 
  close call !, 
  if you were there only 73 years earlier . . * shudder *, 
  what ? 
  maybe if you stopped repeating stuff people on this sub say to appear funny , you would see how stupid it sounds, 
   he is enlightened by his own intelligence ? 
  he 's a fucking drug dealer , not an average neckbeard or whoever you guys like to make fun off, 
  what a horrible comment, 
  people use whatever they want to . 
  how does it baffle you ? 
  no problems on my end , all minus links works fine, 
  those downvotes tho , i should stay away from default subs , why am i even here, 
  hardcore unicorn, 
  and still talking about his karma, 
  lol a mexico fan not knowing that argentina uses striped blue/white home kit ? 
  really ? 
  perhaps they do n't , i could 've left out the mexican fan part and it would still be a valid question , how do you not know the argentina kit, 
  i think any decent midtable team would benefit from defoe and eto'o , so why not ? 
  ye , you have various reasons to report , and among them is `` unskilled '' which is explained above just there so the guy who reported it is flagged, 
  how is the other one ? 
  is he considered slow ? 
  more chances of getting coentrao, 
  while the op is not here , does anyone else kinda hate him ? 
  he 's so smug and generally ugly, 
  after million of skyrim enb screenshots everything is so meh, 
  but cringe rage outrage misogyny, 
  haha, 
  how many foreign films did you watch ? 
  what exactly is unclear to you ? 
  i ca n't possibly explain it better than the guide on the site , i assume you do n't use skins so just copy graphics and panels folders to si directory in my documents, 
  you can have all of those folders together ( team overview , player overview ) so just copy all files from the folder you want to your documents/sports interactive/fm2014 directory, 
  you should then have panels and graphics folders , inside of them you have the panels you chosen, 
   so just copy all files from the folder you want to your documents/sports interactive/fm2014 directory, 
  every folder from the download file you open has a graphics and panels folders ( not every but nearly ),
