  why would you hate something that does n't really affect your life or your gaming habits at all ? 
  i think there 's a difference between disliking and hating something . 
  like not liking nintendo is fine , it 's personal opinion but actively hating something just for the sake of it is a different case, 
  why ? 
  oh so we 're posting actions ? 
  you mean le reddit faces ? 
  you might as well rename this subreddit to tumblr, 
  i 've seen this 5 times in the last week, 
  o boze sta, 
  no , i cant hear you . . nannananannananannanananna, 
  brave, 
  can you imagine this in real life ? 
  - my brother just died in afghanistan . 
  - ok , i just drew your faces, 
  of course , that 's because you like to draw faces , and i 'm not saying it 's creepy just awkward , at least for me . 
  oh my god this is because canadians say sorry all the time i get it hahhahahahha oh god comedic genius i ca n't stop laughing ahahahaha oh my god you are god i mean sagan amongst comedians ahahaha, 
  i do n't love reddit haha , it 's just a site i go on when i 'm bored which happens to be a lot of time, 
  there is no need to `` go back '', 
  we are in a circlejerk, 
  who are you, 
  hahahahahaha, 
  i noticed that on reddit more and more people end questions with full stop . 
  why 's that ? 
  could n't you just wait till the laughing stopped ? 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  if you 're talking about the whole multi million reddit community then it 's with you included , so then it 's you who :, 
   see women as only being good for sex, 
  for anyone wondering it 's cold war rearmed 2 mod that ports ofp content to oa, 
  black hawk down, 
  implying that `` laughed more than i should have '' is not a dumb overused title, 
  what, 
  i know what you typed first , young man, 
  testing ; please dont give gold, 
  unsub from funny , aww , adviceanimals , atheism ( if that 's not your thing ) , and other shit subs and you 're off to go . 
  holy shit the amount of hate and stupidity in that thread, 
  how is this propaganda ? 
  that dog probably killed dozens of babies ... / s, 
  wow look at you raging at one word, 
  wow how stupid are those 2 sentences you just typed, 
  imho they are all ugly as fuck, 
  why ? 
  how is it offending ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  yes this got on liveleak the day after it happened and i remember in the comments something someone pointed out it was ball bearings or nails in the bomb , that 's why so many people died . 
  being in tight columns did n't help either . 
   `` on closer inspection 3:03 you can clearly see that this bomb had ball bearings for fragmentation and devastation , such cruelty . '', 
  8 people, 
  this is posted every 2 weeks ha, 
  [ hhhehe ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5q7yusy0f1qzpkdyo1_500.jpg ), 
  i guess you wanted to share his channel , otherwise i do n't get the title haha, 
  oh i did n't even notice that it 's a play list , did n't see the bar at the bottom, 
  ye that is n't really comforting for those killed russians, 
  you literally got shocked ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2m02k.png ) does n't look like a 2 ? 
  where are you from man ? 
  that was just mean, 
  could you give me some examples or you 're just going on with the flow of the thread ? 
  i could n't feel shit because i could n't take the comic seriously , the drawing style imo it not really suited for the type of comic . 
  then i played yesterday and frisson ensued, 
  if it was n't directed at anyone here why did n't you change the title ? 
  i meant when posting haha, 
  is this / r/frisson or / r/depression ? 
  i got black ops 2 in that bundle, 
  it 's not strange , they need the height and with jones and smalling that means hopefully no more goals from corners, 
  why ? 
  why do you thank him ? 
  he volunteered to go there , he get 's money for it . 
  he is n't defending usa ? 
  i 'm not from usa but i do n't really get it why are you thanking him ? 
  he 's not doing anything for you . 
  the phrase is meaning nothing these days , in ww2 or vietnam i would have thanked them ( although vietnam was like iraq or afghanistan , but still was a hell hole ) , but nowadays they are just mercenaries, 
  and ? 
  that 's not a reason to thank him is n't it ? 
  he 's not doing anything for you yet you thank him like he 's fucking saving you from communism , but in reality they are just in for it for the money , and i 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , i just find it funny you are thanking him for doing something that does n't really affect you, 
  i would think so , the people who fought in ww2 or maybe even vietnam did something for usa and could generally be thanked for , but these mercenaires today are not really freeing france or fighting in the jungles, 
  ( i should mention they are still in a fire zone and in danger and i have respect for them , it 's just the thanking thing ), 
  are you serious ? 
  but they are two completely separated mods with nothing in common , and you can use both of them together, 
  your source is same as his source, 
  no it doesnt, 
  hello joshua, 
  how did you not see this ? 
  are you serious, 
  what the fuck how does gay relationships equals to check if your favorite whore is working on facebook ? 
  i mean it 's there for a reason and people do it , but i just would n't do it from my profile . . 
  err , prostitution is illegal afaik , so yeah there 's something wrong . . 
  wow, 
  i agree, 
  how is this a circlejerk, 
  sto si me downvotovao alo, 
   you do n't roll tanks through urban areas with tall buildings, 
  in syria they do, 
  yeah , if you skim trough live leak videos in syria , you will stumble upon many videos of lone tanks getting rpg 'd just sitting there , shooting at random buildings, 
   i laughed way more then i should have, 
  oh cmon , think of your own phrase, 
  in this case you learned the wrong info, 
  i like how you repeated the same thing he said but mentioned `` we do n't show '' hahaha, 
  guys i have the same problem, 
  edit nvm fixed it ( not going to tell you how ), 
  now we can see all your favorites,
