  ah yeah , or rank 26 x so to speak, 
  they used t34s in yugoslav wars too, 
  there 's also a western front mod for ro2 !, 
  he used to say that all the time too, 
  still , busq is not really strong , but he makes it up with his reading of the game, 
  do n't think you 're the first one to use that tbh , for example ive seen matty play tanky anubis in solo, 
  ehh, 
   now she cant do that it really is just an escape . 
  and what 's wrong with it being just an escape ? 
  um dick advocaat put sunderland into relegation battle iirc, 
  that 's how it works in smite, 
  i think tp is not purchasable in assault, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
  you got paired vs 5 man premade team in clash lol , who gives a fuck , it happens all the time, 
  just because she has easy hp5 does n't mean everyone has to have it, 
  well they are stealth planes anyway, 
  the `` shhh , no logic on my reddit '' and other shitty comments are more infuriating than the blatant hate ones , at least to me . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  kawaii bastet sounds like she says help me while she leaps . 
  i wonder what shes actually saying, 
   orbital strike rama, 
  hunter chest is on sale , 
  the freedom exo is the lightest and can hold like 95kg while being 10kg after upgrades . 
  if you have outfit addon , the radiation suit is great ( not the seva ), 
   right after jottun 's on medusa or izzy, 
  uhm, 
  hm i 've got the merc radiation suit , and after upgrades it has better stats than every exo in the game , albeit non upgraded . 
  except of course you ca n't carry 90kg but iirc it has a 15kg upgrade so imo 75 is pretty decent, 
  and more nsfw footage, 
  yep , not to talk about how no one actually wants them . 
  there were like 3 or more raids on that camp prior to this one, 
   they talk big until you knock on the front door with some m1 tanks and m2 bradley 's then their whole demeanor changes, 
  tbh that would be 99 % of the world, 
  this is literally a massacre going on on camera . 
  there does n't have to be people getting shot in the head in close up for you to witness it . 
  it 's literally happening while the guy is filming it, 
  no no you just do n't get it , pmoi supporter !, 
  was interesting to see everyone using silenced ak rifles , that 's all . 
  and how loud the supersonic bullet actually is, 
  well that 's just where we have to disagree then !, 
  imo you do n't have to actually see people getting shot in the head for it to be a witness of a massacre . 
  it 's the situation hes in thats scary and we are actually seeing it happen, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
   it would need changed because kuzenbo would dominate just by pressing a single button, 
  what how ? 
  how is he different than herc/ares/tyr / xing, 
  yeah this exact scenario plays out every time you get to the dead city, 
   do eu not realize georgia is a state in na, 
  what ? 
  why is that fucked ? 
  might be autocorrect ? 
  i play on minimum and it does n't look as bad as this idk, 
  you 're all over the thread defending fucking adapting lol, 
  give it a rest mate , pretty sure he does n't need defending, 
  / r/overusedcomments, 
  see sobek , xing or wait , fucking terra !, 
  haha usa, 
  why dont you do just that ? 
  just drag and drop the translation , there 's a tutorial on the translation page m8 !, 
  i noticed that too , the coc and outfit addon descriptions vs their stats are all over the place . 
  good job !, 
  that 's exactly the reason they do it, 
  20 cdr, 
  the bosnian commander anticipated that the m-84s would retreat along the ridge where the infantry with at was waiting to ambush . 
  that was some nice commanding imo, 
  is that ozil on the right ? 
  i think i recognize his ear, 
  he did great as a left wing back for argentina, 
  wrong, 
  it 's not their job to belittle him too , what was the purpose of this stat ? 
  2 people standing together equals love , okay, 
  pm me the tutorial pls, 
  why no hydras tho, 
  stupiiid dolg !, 
  set advanced attacking option to `` centering targets '', 
  gameplan  advanced instructions , it 's the first option under the game plan, 
  how tall is napoli exactly, 
  i was under the impression that it was `` stupid duty ( dolg ) '', 
  or at least a knife back, 
  handsome, 
  and klopp behaves like a cave man 90 % of the time , so what, 
  cheers, 
  they do n't have anyone else for a box to box position . 
  krychow is more of an anchor man, 
  matuidi plays like 5 positions at once, 
  yep, 
  why did you have to try and mimic the accent, 
  agreed , i 'd say anything for a sister/brother, 
  there is , http://www.moddb.com/mods/call-of-chernobyl/addons/smurths-dynamic-hudv2151410aoowrstcopoa, 
  what are those green 7.62 / 5.45 rounds ? 
  omg, 
   complete mod installed for immersion, 
  i checked and iirc traders do n't sell the repair tools in com . 
  it 's fairly easy to add them to their inventories if that 's your thing tho . 
  i picked it off a random monolith guy and it 's useless . 
  the recoil is huge and you can one shot everyone with a headshot with a standard rifle anyway, 
  iirc it was like that in s1 too, 
  weapons need to be over 66 % condition if that 's what you 're asking, 
  what , no qins fatalis and frostbound ? 
  i urge everyone to join , works with com too,
