  if only the world evolved around other people too, 
  phaha that 's not creepy you silly , that 's hot . 
  fuck you, 
  gol gol gol gol gol, 
  enormo, 
  it is now fuck you, 
  why would you go nofap ? 
  hm , i 've read some shit and now i think i 'll just try it for shit and giggles, 
  wow i wo n't even bother you internet badass, 
  so many goals against serbia oh god, 
   cool , ** hvala ** . 
  was n't a move to fiorentina official ? 
  i think you just wanted to show us your taskbar, 
   you have to admit though , he got reddit all excited for a day . 
  which is not hard at all, 
  why 's that ? 
  that 's why he said it, 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  exactly , he 's a fucking saint, 
  they always buy donovan and moyes take them over, 
  it 's a game not a sport, 
  i 'm mentioning it 's a game because in like any other game , there are massive amounts of immature kits , with this one , nicknamed destiny , as i assume that 's not his name , being one of them . 
  so yeah , not an excuse , but they are kids and those guys doing pr are probably so, 
  you 're getting dowvnoted for not being original and using the million time used phrase level : level level, 
  are n't you original and witty, 
  what are you suggesting we should do ? 
  we do n't even know who he is . 
  both of you are fucking retarded to be honest, 
  and a . gif is someones thought ? 
  same could be say for gifs . 
  they do n't contribute anything ; and if you have nothing productive to say , why wont you like , i do n't know , not post anything ? 
  yeah this picture is from 2004 , shopped and from eurosong competition, 
  her name is ruslana, 
  not everyone understood as far as i can see, 
  how much she paid you that day ? 
  it 's nothing gory or anything , he even get 's up after the weights hit him in the chest . 
  he died later in the hospital . 
  daydreaming, 
   russian weightlifter igor golushkin ( \u0418\u0433\u043e\u0440\u044c \u0413\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0448\u043a\u0438\u043d ) died after 185 kg barbell he was trying to bench press at a powerlifting competition in the city of shahty ( \u0428\u0430\u0445\u0442\u044b ) slipped his grasp and crushed his chest . 
  the crushing weight of the barbell severely hemorrhaged his heart , destroyed his diaphragm , broke his ribs and ripped torn his abdominal cavity . 
   34 year old athlete from rostov-on-don , igor golushkin competed in the weight category of up to 90 kg . 
  while not new to weightlifting , this was his first time in a competition . 
   according to expert analysis , igor golushkin used an illegal hold that athletes call `` open enough '' when he was crushed . 
  it was also said that he should n't have been trying his luck with weights beyond what he was capable of handling during training ( his maximum bench press during training was 160 kg ), 
  what racism ? 
  where did he show that he is racist ? 
  you people are really easy on that word . 
  i live in serbia and gypsies , not generally all of them , are really a fucking pain in the ass , everything he said is true . 
  now i know you do n't give a fuck about gypsies , blacks or other minorities , you just want to feel better than those who have had personal experiences with them but seriously . . 
   we dont give a fuck about poor , black or gypsies ; we just pretend to so we can bash others, 
  come at me inter, 
  wow , where are you from ? 
  but this is n't about you . . 
  you 're still butt hurt about it ? 
  how about you stop pretending you care and move on with your life instead of derailing every conversation, 
  you just watched 18 people die a horrible death with cats involved, 
  but this is n't gruesome ? 
  there 's no blood , gore , dead bodies . . for all we can know they did n't die . 
  wow , how stupid are you ? 
  it 's better to stay ignorant to death and just imagine death being some movie-like thing right ? 
  so hardcore, 
  my age/behavior does n't change the fact that your statement was incredibly stupid . 
  what 's your point ? 
  wow really ? 
  thanks for clearing that out , i seriously thought that was a cat driving the truck ... fucking fox news amirite, 
  he 's the kardashian of reddit, 
  wow haha , nice way to brag about it , what was the reason for that ama ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  this right here is an avid porn watcher, 
  who gives a fuck that you 're not jerking off really ? 
  i 'm a fan of [ nike destroyer varsity jacket ] ( http://styleengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/nike-mens-destroyer-jacket-382582-010-01-570x760.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://cdn.sportsvibe.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/nike-destroyer-jacket.jpg ) one in gray/red is good too . 
  uhm , so he could block it with his legs , not hands and called for handball ? 
  haha, 
  take note that half of the resistance are ~ ~ uneducated ~ ~ untrained civilians , other part are chechens , afghans and al-qaeda . 
   a russian diplomat said in march that there were at last 15,000 foreign fighters battling assad 's government . 
  so you actually do n't believe there are foreign fighters figthing there ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
  i was using that article as a proof that there are chechens there , and surely he was not there alone on a fucking vacation, 
  i meant uneducated in a manner that they do n't know shit about fighting , maybe the better word was untrained, 
  is there anything changed in commentary , or there are the old phrases like tevez with bulldog approach etc ? 
  i know about the new result thing when the commentator says the result of the other match , but other than that ? 
  who gives a fuck that you 're not touching your dick , seriously ? 
  iirc they didnt change anything gameplay wise in the dlc, 
  i 'm just gon na go with the hivemind and downvote you, 
  argh costed, 
  oh god , are you 12 ? 
  for asking a question ? 
  sigh , you got dowvnoted because no one cares that you laughed , and obviously you 're gon na laugh , it 's a funny video, 
  i think this is not a small thing , more of a engine restriction , but realistic ragdolls in games are fucking awesome , and i ca n't wait for the day to come when all games are gon na have euphoria/rage ragdolls , just like in max payne 3 . 
  well they are technically not separate games , as dayz is a mod for arma2 . 
  it got nothing new , or custom , it uses arma2 resources and nothing is changed in menus , etc. 
  so yeah , it 's a same game . 
  * what ? 
  edit : pulp fiction reference , damn it, 
  oh it 's this weekly thread, 
  outside, 
  * regarts *, 
  did it ever occur to you that it 's not funny then ? 
  nowhere except on reddit did i see people being so fucking amazed at the concept of time passing , and them getting older,
