  if you ever decide to upgrade , the jump from 7770 to 260x is not worth it . 
  just get something newer like 1050, 
  can bias, 
  great input there, 
  draco apologist on reddit ? 
  were you taught intergalactic history in school ? 
  or you 're one of those milky way idiots, 
  it was literally made in 1911 , if it did break the stereotype , it did 100 years ago, 
  yes it says you 're downloading 4.14 which is the previous patch, 
  you do n't get fwotds on adventures, 
  calm down bro, 
  what a load of bullshit this comment is . 
  ages does n't matter in you health/fitness level, 
  bart and dm, 
  go into arena and build full pen/shifters/runeforged, 
  trust me, 
  knock them with your 1 , then 3 them while they 're knocked . 
  ca n't miss that, 
  dude he was almost artio level broken, 
  sounds like something from wisau 's the room, 
  i love how you still have a dellusion brazilians are witnessing death and robberies 24/7 and you have a brazilian wife, 
  how is that sobering ? 
  and majority of europe, 
  i 'm torn between playing vs big clubs or advancing out of the group stage . 
  i guess i 'll take the latter, 
  and, 
  aight, 
  lol, 
  no please . 
  there was a time when i had blocked `` fan art '' and `` cutesy '' in res on this sub , because it was literally only that . 
  luckily there 's more complaining and twitch clips now than fan art . 
  there should be a sub for stuff like that imo, 
  this is my guess, 
  that 's how he got the callsign lucky . 
   especially since it seems this is a pc multiplayer . 
  what are you on about ? 
  * deer in the next forest, 
  anyone normal would n't care about that fact, 
  it 's male fashion advice . 
  what the fuck did you expect ? 
  anyone who mentions that sub is 99/100 times wrong and is a fucking moron, 
  you must 've mistaken me for someone who wants to argue about muslims on reddit . 
  i 'm not that stupid sorry . 
  cheers, 
  * shoots himself *, 
  * bystanders rush to take videos *, 
  messi is 100000x the player glenn whelan will ever be, 
  what does kkk have to do with jews, 
   and i aegis amulet, 
  you what, 
  til, 
  no i never heard anyone call it anything else than just aegis :d, 
  i honestly thought they were just anti black . 
  i 'm not american and never looked up their history/motivations that much, 
  hashtags on reddit, 
  damn america with its hero worship , yawn, 
  are you actually arguing that it is n't ? 
  thank you for your service, 
  switch to dx9, 
  what exactly do you think would happen with the report ? 
  vgs spamming is not bannable so i guess you 're just venting out via the report tab, 
  there 's no possible scenario in which the matchmaking system decided that a lvl 15 will be on the same skill level as a lvl 150 . 
  he simply did n't play that many games for the matchmaking system to be accurate . 
  also you might want to change your tone as you come off really smug arrogant and honestly annoying, 
   or alternatively i am using the correct fucking tone in a disgusting swamp of idiocy where ignorance is as omnipresent as bloody marsh gases . 
   bah ... good fucking grief . 
  what does it take for these pathetic posts to stop ?!, 
  what ?!, 
  when will knowledge , accuracy , information once again be valued by the common masses ? 
  i 've no words, 
  you can just switch to high and take a look, 
  i actually like the new ones . 
  they 're so simple and remind me of some early 2000 ones for some reason, 
  thank you for your service, 
  it looks like you already knew that . 
  wonder why did you want someone else to say it lol, 
  maybe if kurds spent $ 500 billion on their military they 'd be properly trained too . 
  potato can remain unbaked if he just switches to high and goes to gods tab, 
  can i join, 
  i just want a city builder with neighboring cities . 
  i do n't want a 4x4 green field and my city on it . 
  anyone know if there 's a city builder in which you can trade with other cities etc ? 
  i really feel alone in skylines because your city is the only one there is . 
  it gets boring . 
  lol what , just because he 's famous does n't mean he can flirt with anyone and anyone will just flirt back . 
  the hell, 
  playing joust , baka regurgitates a siege juggernaut, 
  no he saved it from last match, 
  you can call girls dude too, 
   far cry 3 : i 've got to avenge my brother and save my friends !, 
  but first , imma hunt this rare buffalo so i can use its skin to make a nice wallet . 
  you mean but first let me play a few hands of poker , my friends can wait, 
  i think majority of that money is off to third party ownership and benfica does n't see any of it, 
  found the ragequitter, 
  are meds working ? 
  i 'm thinking about going too, 
  if you want mp5 get genjis . 
  its mp5 is enough for all your ability spamming needs . 
  pure health is shit as a first item . 
  how is that relevant to his question,
