  what other reason do you need ? 
  it 's your choice, 
  wallpaper from the 1st pic ? 
   people in serbia often refer to benfica as `` srbenfica '', 
  do we, 
  so opposing those guns = fedora wearer ? 
  i see you 're stuck in this reddit world in which everyone you disagree with is a `` neckbeard with a fedora '' or a stoner ... not to mention your smugness , but that 's the usual stuff . 
  anyway , i was asking what did fedoras had to do with anything he said ? 
  damn i feel sorry for you honestly, 
  and yaya and viera, 
  yes the taliban generally ( not always ) fire and run away , leaving the other side shooting at last known general direction of the enemy, 
  looks like lana del rey, 
  starts @ 10mins, 
  what are you on about ? 
  is anyone saying all the stuff you 're trying to disprove ? 
  all i see is you blabbing about how it 's ok to do it , no one else in this thread atm is saying it 's wrong, 
  i 'm pretty sure there was artillery before ww1, 
  sad i naftna industrija ima subreddit ? 
  you did n't explain anything, 
   the alternative is to lie to her, 
  yes . 
  250.000 views on one video does n't mean they 're pretty popular in spain lol . . 
  what if i want to see actual combat tho ? 
  rome , rome 2 and medival are self explanatory i guess . 
  empiretw is circa 1750-1800 , and napoleontw is well , napoleonic era, 
  these were foreign fighters , i doubt they are freedom fighters in anybodies eyes . 
  i agree with the sentiment tho !, 
  damascus , it says in the description, 
  who 's history and how can it label people haha ? 
  could you give me some examples ? 
  second rate players at qpr ? 
  haha try playing with league two teams mate, 
   stop bastardising the word ` freedom ' . 
  what has the word ever done to you ? 
  haha what, 
  no one of `` higher ups at microsoft '' cares about a 1000 people petition for aom remake , they saw the success of ao2hd and obviously decided to cash in some more on another great selling game remake, 
  neon, 
  where did you get the al-qaeda part from ? 
  ugh , where did you get the info they 're al nusra ? 
  they do it discretely, 
  ah . . the comment that made me realize i was in / r/worldnews, 
  was always taught to backpass to the side of the goal so things like this do n't happen, 
  well do you have to offer anything to the discussion , other than your keen observation skills and knowledge of reddit cirlclejerks ? 
  original dayz is, 
  yes , if you followed the revealings of this season kits , nike used the same `` smoke '' background for all of their kits, 
  are you american btw ? 
  easy there , i did n't say anything . 
  was just funny because you support a british club . 
  do n't know why but i find it funny . 
  carry on, 
  i do n't think millions of malaysian and african fans understand shit he says, 
  my question too . 
  maybe the op is not a native speaker and something got lost in translation, 
  a la no, 
  i 'd argue that fred is better than ba , but i only watched fred in the confed and ca, 
  i did n't compare them ? 
  they have really big fan base in africa , and i know it 's the same case in malaysia , they even have youth academies there iirc, 
  will & grace, 
  as a serbian , we know . 
  where are you from btw ? 
  us on china , or russian/chinese equipped koreans maybe, 
  but directly , no, 
  they are not . 
  they are not allowed to anyway . 
  maybe pro-assad militia, 
  but you wo n't see soldiers yelling allah ackbar, 
  if that list has more than 10 names then i 'm afraid i 've got some news for you, 
  yes it 's irrelevant to this thread , just look at the imdb page for it , the score , the amount of people who rated it etc. . hardly an unknown film ( which was what op was asking for ), 
  are you aware that your graphics are corrupted ? 
  you could try going for a more realistic look next time , like minimalism style ( your greece kit is a nice example of that ), 
  most of these could work in the 80 's or 90 's tho, 
  well he 's 16, 
  i agree completely , but if only it was all that simple ... 
  verify your game files , do n't you notice those black bars around kits and logos ? 
  if that does n't work try downloading some logo packs to see if it 's fixed then, 
  the saa is supposed to be secular , just like whole syria , so it 's understandable that you do n't want to have people yelling religious chants all the time, 
  jesi radio neke kurseve , ili sve na foru , homeschooled ? 
  where did you get it that they 're all leave ? 
  fuck , vietnam truly was a horrible war for everyone, 
  they all played for swiss nt , what are you hoping for ? 
  i do n't know if you 're aware , but acid is sold everywhere in the world in stores ? 
  i do n't know how some people can not recognize spanish from italian haha :d, 
   [ cognitive dissonance intensifies, 
  ok , that 's really specific , thanks for letting us know, 
  thanks for the idea, 
  i do n't get it, 
  no they use smoke signals, 
  you do n't have to be young to have all the drama and cheating, 
  why would you think that ? 
  it 's 21st century , of course they will have radios , not like they 're some cave dwellers, 
  i 'm sure you know better than his mother, 
  how come you support hertha and bayern ? 
  that 's how people die ( fighting a person with a pistol ), 
  you 're overthinking everything, 
  how is it boring when someone asks you how are you ? 
  you do n't sound like a nice person at all, 
  uhm any source on that ? 
   i can tell with 100 % certainty he did not intentionally say that, 
  no you ca n't, 
  how can you even say that haha , unless you asked him personally,
