  what are you even arguing about lol, 
  he was n't the one that came up with the idea tho, 
  well i do n't wan na shit on this guys achievement that is making a sub out of someones idea ( literally copy pasted title etc ) but i do n't think it deserve any praise , if anything , the guy who came up with the idea and name should get praise ( for a subreddit idea yh i know wow ), 
  world cup and olympics are every 4 years , not a yearly event like the super bowl, 
  yep, 
  as long as you post that condescending bullshit, 
  i do n't get it why it is downvoted that badly . . of gooners are not gon na praise him , and he obviously needed to post something , it should n't be dowvnoted . . oh well i guess this sub does n't get rivalries ? 
  or maybe it does , i 'd like to think it 's all spurs fans downvoting him, 
  again a joke with million downvotes , i do n't get this sub, 
  hope it translates to national team, 
  do n't people still call open world tps games gta clones ? 
  because they were playing cambridge united, 
  the first season with rayo was in segunda tho, 
  yes , suprised you did n't know that haha, 
  if jelavic is one hit wonder , then altidore is too, 
  ye my bad , for some reason i thought he scored all those goals in segunda , it was actually the season rayo was promoted to primera, 
  in top 5 in the world ? 
  he played for the nt , i do n't think he 's that underrated, 
  can anyone tell me if this battle was the closest to the vietnam war in scope and intensity ? 
  or there was some other battle in more recent years ? 
  i really do n't know any battles where the us took heavy casualties . . 
  i 've watched him at valencia and few cl matches with bayern and he 's no where near top 5 in the world . . 
  i 'd rate moreno higher than him too, 
  i mean the scope of battles from vietnam war, 
  i 'm not saying i 'm an expert , what ? 
  i `` m just arguing that he 's not in top 5 left backs in the world , he could and will probably be but in my opinion he 's not at the moment, 
  wot, 
  lol i 'm informed enough to make a claim ? 
  wth it 's just a simple discussion and it 's my opinion i do n't need to watch all bayern games to form it, 
  is n't cas ground support ? 
   they also do n't run around in blue jeans and a jacket that says police while in the middle of a firefight in a neighborhood . 
  what, 
  i just comprehend what 's that supposed to mean . 
  like they do n't wear blue police jackets , or they do n't run around neighborhoods, 
  i 'm afraid there are no `` good guys ' in this conflict anymore . . 
  the fsa is not `` rebels taking up arms to defend against oppressive government '' anymore , it 's taken over by various extremist organizations and are operating mostly for personal gain ; see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-nusra_front, 
  the saa or the syrian army are mostly drafted soldiers ( mostly , there are lots of exceptions ) that fight for a brutal dictator who used torture at every corner . 
  the saa is supposed to be secular , and is not filled with religious extremist , so i 'm personally rooting for them ( the soldiers , not their leader assad ) . 
  haha no problem , i wish it was black and white myself !, 
  also forgot to note that usa supplied the rebels ( that includes al nusra which is part of al qaeda ), 
  well i never said so , mate, 
  did n't he have sudden growth spurt or something like that ? 
  i do n't think anyone forgot it , it 's mentioned every time he 's mentioned, 
  just because they are in a rough patch does n't give you a moral high ground so you can `` hate bandwagoners '', 
  who gives a fuck , its the most popular league on this website , people are going to talk about it, 
  it says carlo ancelotti goal , i do n't know what were you expecting, 
  that 's even better, 
   am i missing something ? 
  that it 's west ham . 
  i realize they are doing good , but at the time of the transfer no one would think he would join whu from barca, 
  spam, 
  it 's not exclusive to football clubs as well, 
  be right baak, 
   your condescending comment is n't appreciated by this +3.0 senior chemical engineer . 
  lmao what a cunt, 
  too much, 
  it 's arena its not supposed to be big, 
  you 're not the only `` team '' playing, 
  i agree to some extend , but a movie made in 1994 did n't change anything , it just made it more popular , just like superhero movies are popular atm, 
  it was n't `` ahead of its time '' or anything . . 
  witty dialog was present before pulp fiction too, 
  yes you are , oh the humanity, 
  no you 're not just saying , you 're everywhere in thread repeating that your team is shit but that does n't change the fact that it 's wrong to be paired vs 5man premade team if you 're solo queuing, 
  i just want solo queue players to be paired with other sq players, 
  thats all, 
  why do you think so ? 
  that 's a nice strawman logical ad hominem fallacy, 
  why would you want to hide it then ? 
  what 's going on with burnley ? 
  comparing qatar to, 
  its a one time event and most europe leagues have winter breaks, 
  roux too ? 
   wild animals are predictable . 
  you got hacked by 4chan m8, 
  i beg to differ , i 'd never trust a lion 100 % even if i raised it from a cub , it 's still a wild animal and its predator instinct can kick in any moment and you 're dead, 
  lol, 
  the sarcasm went on too long, 
  that 's because theres 300 million people in usa, 
  lol are you serious mate, 
  lol why did you ask then ? 
  no one cares that you told a 17 year old that she 's stupid, 
  sounds like reddit, 
   no we 're not, 
  yes you are, 
  it 's boateng , he 's the only center back in the squad, 
  it 's pve so it 's not that bad, 
   and our league is ranked 8th in attendance in the world : more than any south american league . 
   a gamer should not be determined by what system they run but their enjoyment for the games . 
  look at what sub you 're in, 
  after beating it on hard , i tried the 1999 mode but i hated it , the enemies were just more bullet spongy and the damage you took was doubled . 
  so it boiled down on same dumb enemies with more hp, 
  was n't that good tbh, 
   easing her down into it . 
  i do n't think so, 
  get on our level, 
  please , you have so much more money than us , and yet we 're close 2nd, 
  it 's funny , i 'm 21 and never saw a inter kit without pirelli on it ( they had one without a sponsor few years back iirc ), 
  those 2 are not the only choices, 
  does anyone call it ac ? 
  lol,
