  i 'm asking you what would you like to implement instead , because in that specific scenario majority vote is working as intended, 
   his cc is limited to a wall and a cone stun ,, 
  he has a slow , a wall and a freeze ? 
  what more would you like from a support ? 
  death machine bakasura, 
  rat, 
  blank picture, 
  geb ahead and fed, 
  maybe he doesnt, 
  you could try anno or the settlers series, 
  there 's always something to do in the jungle , idk how are you playing if you 're sitting in a lane a lot, 
  ok i wanted to buff her but since you said so i 'll refrain from doing it, 
  it would n't because phys power does n't scale the same way, 
  shut the fuck up donnie, 
  ur dads a hacker dont lie, 
  i 've lost all faith in humanity, 
  do n't worry i remember who my true friends were in desperate times, 
  yes they had anti sniper teams operating in sarajevo, 
  does n't surprise me , the title was something about blacks running their mouths or something like that , do n't quote me, 
  can you imagine going into some open carry allowed city/state in the usa and seeing people carrying rifles at the park ? 
  would definitely be a strange experience, 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i 'm from the other side of the world and oblivious to the daily life in the south or whatever part of the usa has the most weapons but not clueless enough to think that people walking around with weapons drawn is a daily occurrence . 
  still find it weird that it can happen though . 
  different culture i guess . 
  i mean i often get emilitoo and raffer in my assault games so it looks like im set for a spot in assault spl, 
  why would you make mov magical only ? 
  i always thought it 's logical for it to be faster than your walking speed with boots, 
  but it did work ? 
  it 's viable and being built rn, 
  i really disliked the hydra susano nerf , as i did it constantly because it 's absolutely not a high skill level thing to do . 
  i 've no idea how they thought that will affect him at all, 
  what are you on about ? 
  he even mentioned pretty prime and his thebes rant on reddit as a source of feedback . 
  literally everything you said has no basis . 
  you completely misunderstood his point, 
  the nsdap was deeply engraved into the werhrmacht and majority of the officers were members of the nazi party and they all took part in killing of jews, 
   german historian j\u00fcrgen f\u00f6rster wrote that most wehrmacht officers genuinely believed that most red army commissars were jews who in turn were what kept the red army going , and that the best way to bring about victory against the soviet union was to exterminate the commissars via enforcing the commissar order so as to deprive the russian soldiers of their jewish leaders, 
   the lufftuafe in-particular was very critical of the nazi 's, 
  the luftwaffe was the most nazi influenced part of the wehrmacht lol, 
  that is the most idiotic thing i 've heard people say when talking about that wp part . 
  you can apply to literally every game/choice ever . 
  instant respect loss for anyone bringing that theory up, 
  it 's not really a choice tho , you have to do it to proceed, 
  just like the usa, 
  just wait a bit mate it 's coming soon, 
  here 's the coc / sg / repo, 
  i watch his streams regularly and that sounds like something he 'd say . 
  he 's like incredibly toxic and there 's literally no point in denying that . 
   it 's gon na get lit with a new warrior fam, 
  at this point i do n't know if this is satire, 
  its a meme, 
  `` okay '', 
  coc outfit addon , reinforced seva/radiation suit ? 
  da , chemtrails koji pravi haarp fueled by gmo iz jevrejskih banki nwo-a, 
  whats hailcorporate there or we 're just listing random subs, 
  so every film building collapse is tied to 9/11 ? 
  im assuming you 're lvl30 pairing with your under lvl 30 friend ? 
  what kind of matchmaking do you expect in that scenario ? 
  have fun using bracer after getting one shot by thoth ult, 
  i agree . 
  i 've been on gsc/moddb since i think 2009 and tejas was one of the few consistent good posters on there . 
  no idea how he is personally because to be honest i dont give a fuck , but stalker content wise he 's really a great source of everything stalker, 
  do you know how scaling on abilities work ? 
  or kenneth, 
  yes, 
  this is the most common one . 
  i think it 's off by default for some reason, 
  hopefully fixed the assault bug ? 
  damn it hit me right in the feels, 
  and colbert does n't ? 
  do n't ever build bloodforge on anyone in conquest unless you 're 10-0 or vs really low lvl players , especially on bellona, 
  yeah but it 's console, 
  mendes, 
  i 'm currently lvl 37 marauder using cyclone with 1500dps , what do i look for in gear and items ? 
  i 've no idea what i 'm doing . 
  i have geofris baptism maul and a shitty 300 armor armor . 
  do i look for stuff on trade to buy now or just use leveling items dropped ? 
  thanks really appreciate the help !, 
  are there any known cheap uniques that would be useful for a marauder-cyclone ? 
  i suggest you look up what usa did in the japan after the wars !, 
  also it 's history , you get over it, 
  you dont need to counter frostalis , you just kill them because they have lower damage than you, 
  i love when people post their imaginary smite scenarios in which they are the superior smite players, 
  wth is that build tho, 
  i downvoted you because of the edit , lmao what are you , 12 ? 
  hahaha, 
  i actually think it 'd be slightly op, 
  there 's already this post , it 's top of the sub atm ? 
  you linked the game and no one went 0/10 ? 
  but you 're stating it as a fact . 
  it 's not . 
  we do n't know if he declined or not just by playing in the csl, 
   gameplay flows so much better, 
  hope you 're talking about fps issues, 
  3.0 spoiler, 
  jesus you need to calm down . 
  just because you love a god does n't mean she has to be spl viable . 
  you come off as really desperate and it 's really sad reading your tweets . 
  get over it , it 's a video game character , who cares,
