  how about you improve your chances by changing all the negative shit ? 
  you 're not the target audience of this post, 
  are you actually asking among other things where to meet women ? 
  like someone should tell you where to go and meet women ? 
  ** got a woman over here **, 
  well i just ca n't grasp that someone is asking on the internet where should he go and meet women . . also nice edit haha, 
  yes because being on the internet means that you do n't know where to meet women, 
  i get your point tho, 
  you can still advertise ( not saying that you did ), 
  i know , i know . 
  it 's all good . 
  cheers, 
  came here to say this, 
  lol at that bird stretching its neck to see shit, 
  how about you take some breaks and choose in which threads you will post ? 
  you will get from oh snap its him to fuck this annoying guy i see him everywhere ( andrewsmith1986 , potato_in_my_anus anyone ? ), 
  i am just posting random nonsense but it does n't matter because it 's me . 
  lawyer up ? 
  what the fuck . . 
  why is there a person who upvotes just for usernames and then posts about it in every thread ? 
  ever thought you 're doing it wrong ? 
  but no one says 4.5753 c. . 
  that does n't really make sense, 
  all i 'm saying is no one is saying `` oh its 4.5753 c outside '' , they just say its 4/5 c. how does that make it inaccurate ? 
  tom hanks - forrest gump, 
  in saving pvt ryan i was just waiting for him to say '' life is like a box of chocolate '', 
  generic comment # 15 [ ctrl+f ], 
  nigga is not a racial slur ? 
  nigger is . 
  the word nigga is used more liberally among younger members, 
  why do i see you in every front page thread oh god, 
  you do realize no one bothers to check your accounts to see if you talk about poop ? 
  why ? 
  no need to post it twice man, 
  hate the generic 9gag comment below the picture, 
  haha . 
  what the fuck man , i have n't said anything regarding that, 
  i 'm sorry but are you a fucking retard or something ? 
  thanks for proving my point , bye, 
  omg why are you getting downvoted is it because he is atheist, 
  dont be black, 
  what if the hoodie is pink ? 
  i used insta-kill option in trainer , was a bit more realistic, 
  just get a trainer with lowest amount of options and enable insta kill and play . . 
  nothing more, 
  have fun but beware , i always end up turning on infinite ammo and making the whole map burn, 
  what the fuck . . 
  the meme is already getting boring, 
  i agree stab_wound_fucker amirite guys ? 
  i 'm sorry but how do you have this much time to comment on every post about 10 times ? 
  internet, 
  he died this morning . . at the intersection . 
  [ proof ], 
  the current economy, 
  why is this lol so funny ? 
  he got hit hard with those downvotes i see, 
  could you care more about 2 downvotes ? 
  hahahahahah i love how innocent your ignorance is, 
  it 's upham . 
  no , it does n't ? 
  i 'm too lazy to search for `` would not bang neckbeard.jpg '', 
  what downvotes ? 
  edit omg im retarded , or am i ? 
  i 'm sorry but who the fuck cares that you `` ctrl+f '' 'd this ? 
  why is this a reason to hate ea ? 
  they published the orange box on ps3 as stated above . . 
  why does he have so many ralph lauren polos ? 
  ea developed/ported the ps3 version , they did n't just put a sticker on it . 
  valve had an agreement with ea to publish it retail only , while pc and xbox versions were published via steam/retail . 
  argh , what did he say ? 
  actually ea ported the game , not just republished it . 
  whot, 
  intertubez , really ? 
  but he groomed !, 
  so whats the eta on this war again ? 
  what the fuck, 
  stop fixing shit, 
   reddit has become the kid at the lunch table that quotes every line he knows from the new movie in the hopes that someone will laugh and he can feel liked while having little to no creativity of his own, 
  three simple words amirite ? 
  yeah i looked up some parts of it , but will be watching the film soon . 
  sucks that i will know the end tho ( or it plays out different in the end in ia ? ), 
  dont you fucking dare, 
  so you do n't really know how to spell ? 
  lot of soldiers die every day , so should we all post their pictures on reddit and disregard memes and shit ? 
  i mean really , just because he died you are not okay with a meme on a front page ? 
  its 6 years old . . 
  what the fuck, 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't take any of this seriously when you first say that the goal is to look `` dirty , grungy , beat up , rugged , scarred , '' but then show pictures of people in brand new , not rugged/scarred clothes, 
  it 's their problem , not mine . 
  they had time to see it . 
  wel that 's something . . 
  it 's just something in `` hey lets pretend we are tough and live on the edge ; here 's some pictures of wealthy 20yr olds in branded clothes '', 
  it 's my opinion , and i 'm not debating . 
  thanks, 
  i did n't say he is a phony . 
  i did n't say anything about anyone actually . 
  i just said it was silly to me . 
  and that 's what i said , it looks silly to me , not appealing . 
  i did n't say you have to be a veteran in m68 or a motorist , do your thing , it 's okay . 
  i just found it silly .
