  also yeah , it 's a news aggregator , i doubt i 'll talk to my grandchildren how i browsed pics and justin bieber hate posts on reddit, 
  manchester united should have more tbh, 
  haha look at your lack of sense of humor, 
   2001 was a huge turning point, 
  for america mainly , i believe . 
   it 's about the time they stopped making shows like seinfeld and started with reality tv . 
  it 's when they stopped making good simpson 's episodes , when the cell phone took over , and when newspapers began their death spiral . 
  it 's when companies became obsessive about data backups . 
  none of that was influenced by 9/11 so i do n't believe it was a `` turning point '' but it is a landmark in that sense you can say `` ah yeah , it happened like a year after 9/11 '' ( if you want ), 
  i think he 's arguing that `` small amount of people '' is americans , and other nations were n't so affected by it, 
  honest question , could you really expand how this affected me , as a guy living in europe , in some way or another ? 
  yeh not trying to argue , just agreeing and trying to expand on that , although i misread it , thought you said `` 9/11 '' was a turning point '' but instead you said `` 2001 was '', 
  so i guess a mistake on my part there, 
  no need to immediately jump on `` why is reddit so bad '' mentality tho !, 
  cheers, 
  well my dad is cooler than your dad, 
  who said it 's okay ? 
  we do n't have to mention european colonizations while talking about us do n't we ? 
  wow you just proved his point . . you just literally said `` it 's to bash america to score points to reddit '' it ca n't be anything else right ? 
  no one would * truly * hate us , they are all doing it for the points !, 
  maybe its because its nextgen compared to current gen demo we have haha, 
  you might get a more unbiased answer in some other sub , this is / r/fifa after all :d, 
  what circlejerk ? 
  thread question was straight forward , and he gave his opinion and it 's suddenly a circlejerk ? 
  yet tips still do n't waiter their peoples, 
  update us wayne, 
  i do n't think ukraine is one of those countries, 
   new vegas is so much better, 
  well that 's subjective . . 
  haha not giving this game an 10 will get you dowvnoted hard, 
  marketing companies, 
  why not enable contest mode, 
  i need to find my 98 , 2002 and 2006 albums !, 
  it says right there , magnum force ( dirty harry ), 
  chillin with my n words, 
  anyone got the fallout 3 one ? 
  if they did interview actors, 
  for fucks sake it 's ok we got it, 
  you 'll allow what, 
  how old is she ? 
  in serbia die hard is `` die like a man '', 
  oh so you guys got under some serious attacks in 2006 that you had to resort to direct fire ? 
  is n't robben supposed to be common knowledge in football ? 
  what 's the font and how can i change it , i love it, 
  not hugo boss, 
  what , how ? 
  it 's totally different time frame , they have nothing in common, 
  yeah , you are overreacting, 
  also how is that an circlerjerk ? 
  i do n't think you know the meaning of circlejerk then, 
  nope only on euphoria ( iv and v , maybe rdr ), 
  that a in marxist 's change is actually `` d '' in cyrilic, 
  what circlejerk ? 
  overused ant not funny, 
  why ? 
  when we played them in the qualifications for cl this year , we all thought it 's a no name bulgarian club ( as if we 're not ) and it would be easy to beat them . . well we lost, 
  it 's not, 
  i wonder if it was intentional or he just could n't stop ? 
  what the fuck , so what 's the official explanation on how he died ? 
  there 's more people saying it here `` ironically '' than actual people using it . . 
  it 's really overused and not really funny , like the majority of `` reddit jokes '', 
  they had the same flag for 1000 + years ? 
  hahahha `` being executed '', 
  damn op nice job , you made me laugh, 
  could you expand some why discussing about ( relevant ) stuff from less than 20 years ago is forbidden ? 
  i get it that you wo n't allow asking questions/answers i do n't understand why would you discourage people discussing something ? 
  why is the video playing at 5fps, 
  kolarov and dzeko holding hands, 
  might as well rename this sub to emmastone, 
  this, 
  on a side note , those kdf 's have fucking scar 's, 
   30fps to about 25fps, 
  how do you even notice a 5fps drop ? 
  looks like a dshk, 
  wow ok thanks, 
   ends up on / r/gentlemanboners [ 1 ], 
  the highlight of her career right ? 
  do n't you have charter flights ? 
  airline tickets are still expensive in europe , if you travel by major airline companies , the charter ones are less expensive, 
   the balkans are in pretty shit condition . 
  how so ? 
  they just look like womens flyknits, 
  that 's spetsnaz gru or omon , forgot which one, 
  a sad se i ozenio, 
  but stupid ragheads , omg noob etc. . . 
  next are fischer and andersen, 
  and denswil, 
  and van rhijn, 
  hehe, 
  i thought it sounded fairly good , for what it 's worth , maybe a bit loud lol, 
  how is that forcing fashion ? 
  but texas is not whole of america, 
  how did you not thought of doing that ? 
  it 's literally said in every thread, 
  but you made a thread asking what to do because of it . . 
  im still waiting for him to come back, 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  feel like ? 
  he is, 
  look at the pattern lol,
