   thirty-time argentine primera divisi\u00f3n champions boca juniors have launched a summer ( or `` verano in spanish ) 2013 kit that will be used for the club 's pre-season torneos de verano ( summer tourmanents ) matches . 
  no sadly it 's not a joke, 
  he 's talking about makeshift booby traps , not claymore mines , that 's why i asked , ca n't imagine modern us forces using improvised weapons, 
  i do n't think he 's `` shaming '' it , do n't you ? 
  you reckon it 's intentional ? 
  they did n't press the activate buyout clause button hard enough, 
  i have no idea , i was in a rush on a phone lol, 
  meant to say :, 
   i do n't think he 's `` fit shaming him '' . 
  do you agree ? 
  or something in that style, 
  nice you used chelsea with a budget of 80mill in the first season and bought all the young talents, 
  could someone post some highlights , i mean time marks ? 
  i ca n't really skim trough all of 3 hours of it, 
  you mean something like this ? 
  i might test it with my fiorentina save as i have all the required players for the roles , and the previous one i had , sacchi 4-4-2 was getting a bit stale . 
  they all died in a horrible plane crash while returning from the holiday, 
  not really, 
  yeh , also the indicator when ai spots you is the same in hitman : absolution , splinter cell : conviction and far cry 3, 
  possibly in more, 
  then change the accounts, 
   it 's turned out to be such a popular concept that they came up with this really cool website called reddit for everyone to try it, 
  . . what, 
  what the fuck, 
   ramadani, 
  haha , fuck him and everything that he ever did, 
  after 2 tries the op finally made it, 
   i loved every second of each and every one of their deaths . 
  well that 's something, 
  you 're, 
   i wish i could just kill my self . 
  or something . 
  do you need help, 
  you should seriously work on your typing skills, 
  it sounds like you 're the one who needs to relax lol, 
  lol colombia is 7th and brazil iz 22nd in fifa rankings , they do n't really mean anything , colombia had to play with good south american teams so they got more points . . 
  it really does n't show which team is better, 
  i like the alternate badge position on next season one, 
   schalke 's new home kit, 
  i do n't think they released the home kit yet, 
  also selling snodgrass for how much , 2mill ? 
  odakle ti to da se istorija ne dira ? 
   it 's doing that on purpose, 
  i do n't think that 's the case, 
  it just is a generic shooter with a nice story, 
  he did n't ask , read the description , they make them do it, 
  lol that sounds like propaganda too . . 
  evil saa rape girl , put her on the street, 
  brave fsa tries to save her , many are matryr 'd, 
  neither of them are angels . 
  one are a professional army and militant groups , others are islamist militia and `` freedom fighters '' . . 
  it 's a clusterfuck, 
  what are you thoughts on current state of / r/worldnews ? 
  i personally think it 's a shithole these days , you can just see it 's a default sub, 
  of course . 
  there 's always someone who would do things better . 
  you are all experts, 
  it is n't for him , he enjoys the attention , otherwise he would just delete the account, 
  worth nothing that it happened on every side in that war , but it does n't make it any less horrible, 
  must be hard being too smart for tv, 
   only attacked military targets, 
  hehe of course, 
  in a meme form, 
  would you call him, 
  except people here do n't make jokes to `` deal with it '', 
  they make them just for the sake of it , it 's not a `` coping mechanism '', 
  do i have to make a point when it 's widely known that japanese did much more than attack military targets ? 
  but no one mentioned consoles here . . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they even have different indoor and outdoor sounds , like bc2 and bf3 , to simulate reverb and what not, 
   when the aliens appear , imo the game goes downhill, 
  just like crysis, 
  which one are mods ? 
  ah , right, 
  also it 's you , the ecuadorian barca supporter :d, 
  i 'm just talking about this thread , i really doubt anyone here honestly care about these 19 people , except those who lost someone or knew someone who did . . 
  i 'm well aware of making jokes to ease up the pain , i 've been trough a lot with my family and that 's how we generally deal with grief , but i think it 's too generous to call people here making jokes trying to help . 
  we are just people on the internet , anonymous and detached from reality , nothing stops us from making jokes . 
  you ca n't call it inappropriate because it 's the internet, 
  atleast that 's my view on it , maybe i should give more credit to the posters here . 
  i guess it 's just opinions then . . 
  i find fc1 sounds unrealistic haha, 
  * leeds swoop norwich winger snodgrass . 
  reported fee # 15,000,000 *, 
  have fun playing away vs teams in blue home kits, 
  they got to have some other color 3rd kits , these 2 are too similar looking, 
  wtf tell that to my face fucker, 
  he 's just there to gather the remaining karma, 
  he got bigger boobs, 
  is 20mill euros really a steal ? 
  i do n't know but from my point of view that 's still a lot of money , but i guess it 's all inflated these days, 
  you most likely did n't play him and let him on the bench . 
  that 's what happened with a striker i had , from 20 det to 14, 
  they are probably outtakes , actors goofing around or just files not included for some reason . 
  they are all in the game files , just not used by the game, 
  flare :d, 
  where did you get the 95 % figure ? 
  m ` lady, 
  really confession bear.jpg ? 
   well there is a level of wittyness that could make a joke comment better than an educational comment,
