  yours and rm 's are n't the same template tho, 
  you probably dreamed it, 
  are you kidding me, 
  take a look at other questions in this thread , it was asked about 5 times, 
  also i did n't say you have to know everything about football , relax, 
  iirc there was a mode like this in earlier fifa 's , also there 's a challenge mode online where you can play out comebacks etc , but i agree , more older matches should be playable . 
  as a russian i disagree, 
  yes it takes bravery to show us cleavage, 
  how many times do you have to be told that those gypsies who immigrated to america are not the regular ones which inhabit the majority of europe ? 
  the ones who went to usa clearly had more money to do so , instead of moving trough europe , miggrating from country to country/city, 
  no one is mention americans here except you , you fucking retard, 
  stop trying to turn this into america vs europe , or how my country is better than your country/continent even, 
  ... what, 
  haha you 're hardly a selling team, 
  well if your total earnings are for the whole game , so you only got 16mill in sales trough the whole career then ? 
  that 's pretty much how i imagine it going . 
  `` well i got moutinho who is willing to leave , falcao is eager on moving too . . 
  i can put some james rodriguez too if you want , ** class ** guy '', 
  - alright jorge , bag them up , might aswell pick up abidal and carvalho while we 're here . 
  - sure , that would be 150.99 mill, 
  - alright , keep the change, 
  ooh , i thought it 's the amount of money the club earned by selling players, 
  i still prefer this one, 
  letting go of jovetic , ljajic , nastasic , savic , tosic , vukcevic . . :(, 
  why are n't people getting that it 's a joke title, 
  well you honestly sound bitter, 
  hehe, 
  why would you thank him , he 's not even abroad ( judging by the 7/11 's and jobs ), 
   thank you for your service, 
  ok is this some joke ? 
  why would you thank someone whos doing military service in the usa then ? 
  i could understand to some point thanking them while they are abroad , fighting , but i do n't think it 's worth praising people for doing a regular job in the military . . 
  i know , and it 's my point . 
  it 's a job like every other , therefore i have no idea why would you thank someone who is doing a regular job in the military , like being a it guy or an engineer . . 
  and ? 
  just because it 's military service it does n't warrant constant praise and `` thanks for your service '' stuff . 
  he 's there most likely voluntary , getting paid for it . 
  he has n't done anything for me , why should i thank him ? 
  oh god, 
  yes , i am aware of everything you listed , i 'm not stupid i know how military works these days , i 've done my time in it . . 
  but all those rear guys , the engineers , the it guys , the guy that runs the mess hall . . 
  they are doing their jobs for the military , not you and me . 
  they are getting paid to fix the radio , program the radar , run the warehouse . . that 's nothing worth praising is it ? 
  they have literally no importance to you and me . 
  they work for the government that ships people overseas for their interests , the guys who go are getting paid to police those countries , everyone is there by their consent , not drafts etc. . 
  so why thank them at the end ? 
  because they went there voluntary to get paid doing military stuff ? 
  have you tried fm13 then ? 
  its a streamlined mode , where you do n't really have to worry about lots of stuff , like finances etc , and you can sim games, 
  the only thing you 've proved is that you spend too much time here, 
  here you go , it 's a mode inside the game . 
  how about a contract that makes him move in january , like spurs had with holtby iirc , but they could n't wait, 
  wow so edgy, 
  you have a top thought ? 
  scratch / r/gaming if you do n't like memes combined with ea and xbox hate with constant praise of valve and gaben, 
  / r/games and / r/truegaming if you want to have actual discussion, 
  here ? 
  since when does sydney fc have the best youth prospects in england ? 
  i 'll admit , the sydney fc youth academy is one of the best in england , but nothing beats seattle sounders youth facilities, 
   `` everyone was talking before i arrived that we will bring in [ edinson ] cavani , [ robert ] lewandowski , all those players . 
  but i always trusted in edin dzeko and he is now playing the way i want . 
   i trust him so much that i bought jovetic and negredo instead of cavani and lewandowski, 
  it 's france judging by this thread, 
  also op took the picture , and the top comment picture from it and posted it with no credit whatsoever , but that 's reddit for you, 
   please stop misrepresenting history . 
  could anyone explain this , this sounds very , how can you say , rude , to me ? 
  this is actually a somewhat realistic future lineup of chelsea, 
   boobytrapping bodies, 
  wait , how do you do that ? 
  good luck asking 50 thousand people not to push you, 
  how hard is for people to spell santi cazorla ? 
  there 's something like that , it 's called heroes and generals, 
  no foreign investors no money more likely :d, 
  and none of them are true swiss . . dzemaili and behrami have albanian orgins and inler got turk, 
  what argument , those are not opinions , but facts , it even says so on wikipedia, 
  edit : to explain further , it 's not really a jab at swiss or anything , their national team has players like xhaka , shaqiri from albanian parents too , or gavranovic , seferovic , drmic with parents from balkans ( where i am too ), 
  so their complete midfield , apart from 2 players is of albanian descent :, 
  just a observation how many people of those who play for their nt are from the balkans, 
  you dont have to , you can skip them, 
  dude come on, 
  whats your point , they still have a strong squad, 
  lol at ramos carvajal regen , a true real madrid player, 
  how is it misleading then ? 
  he had a bad streak that showed on his apps/goal ratio . 
  look at the fingers on first guy . 
  he did n't pull the trigger . 
  looks like he just pulled the safety or whatever , but other guy did pull the trigger, 
  press `` source '' to see how it 's done, 
  back the fuck off ? 
  yes poor 300 million americans always the victims, 
  what the fuck those legs, 
  good thing you posted this overused comment to reinforce your statement, 
  could anyone answer me , was this kind of islamophobia common before 9/11 in us , or it 's a post attack thing ? 
  everyone killed everyone . 
  serbia was untouched during that war , but then in 1999 nato bombed us, 
  and he makes more money that you and me will ever make ... 
  me and you, 
  nah they would n't, 
  what 's your point about classiest destinations ? 
  you mean club or city ?
