  do you really think she bought a flag so she could wear it on her head ? 
  so it 's not your regen , you bought him for 14mill !, 
  you 're a phony !, 
  big fat phony, 
  why did you pass on rafinha ? 
  from the wording of the title i took it as it was your youth prospect, 
  it 's a joke anyway, 
  bunch of gooks if you ask me, 
  they just want their opinion to be seen by people , like we all do, 
  from barca to preston . . you killed his career, 
  what are you talking about ? 
   first album that got them into hip hop, 
  got who ? 
  how do you know it ? 
  what is going on, 
  no idea , here 's the info, 
  raul, 
   and everyone is upset, 
  who 's everyone ? 
  * hello darkness my old friend *, 
  there 's loads of packs here for manual replacement , if you want to manually change the face to one of your choice, 
  all credits to people that made this , i 'm just letting you know if you do n't visit those forums . 
  how 's abel ? 
  i had him on my swansea save and in 2013/14 season he was horrible , i got him for 4.5 mill tho , but still sold him for some profit the season after, 
  how about feyenoor duo , rhijn and indi ? 
  ah ye , hard to keep track of all vans and de 's sorry :d, 
   the on-line world is more of a distraction than the self induced effects of the many experiments i 've done using my own body over the past year or so, 
  no you 're the ecuadorian barca sporting club fan, 
  i 'm in 14/15 season and he 's transfer listed and they want 15mill for him , but i ca n't get him with leeds because of his work permit . . 
  so it 's november 2013 and you have isco , pjanic , benteke , nainggolan , wanayama , papadopulous , belhanda . . 
  someone was busy on the transfer market :d, 
  heavy training load , too much games, 
   we 're glad to have you on board, 
  so what 's your story then ? 
  you might not want to play with so many regens in the first team , how old are they on average ? 
  i do n't think a team full of 18year old regens is bound to do better than that, 
  that slovakia badge is familiar, 
  is joke you laugh, 
  hardly, 
  fuck off retard, 
  [ proof ], 
  there i proofed it, 
  fuck that kit is nice, 
  so did yours, 
   i guess you were too cool for it . 
  what a pity . 
  how is this not condescending, 
  yep . 
  first go to options and interface and turn on `` show id '' for players , clubs etc. . 
  they will show next to a name in game . 
  write down the name , take a picture that you want , and rename it to that id . 
  so the picture should be for example 19456678.png ( if that 's the id of the player ), 
  paste it to the megapack , open the config.xml with notepad in that folder and do this, 
   6 ) open the `` config.xml '' template file and replace the `` change me '' words with your obtained uid as shown below :, 
  changed to :, 
  for example . 
  here 's a picture if you 're mentally challenged :d, 
  maybe the price was right, 
  jesus every time he posts you people flock around and spew stuff like `` tagged as good sir '' or whatever, 
  just let him be , do n't need to go around like kids yelling he = good, 
  why did i read this conversation, 
  was it / r/adviceanimals ? 
  or / r/retards ? 
  / r/short is such a depressing sub, 
  i do n't follow your `` at least he has a girlfriend '' line . . 
  they share it , with some uniques i think , but there 's like 5-6 default troops that all factions share , but with ( sometimes ) different armor color, 
  haha, 
  it 's a fucking joke, 
  your mother is static, 
  a guy once saw a bird and slipped and hit his head . 
  he died 2 days later . 
  birds are not to be fuck with, 
  from your perspective obviously , as a city fan . . 
  i do n't think many players would pick city over real madrid , tbh, 
   he 'd get far more exposure, 
  haha , playing for city will get you more exposure than real madrid , right, 
  and we should hate all german soldiers for it ? 
  haha we ended the qualifying group unbeaten in front of spain , then flopped horribly at the wc, 
  story of my fucking life, 
  how is that a same analogy . . 
  i do agree with people here , this is about every concert i 've ever been, 
  okay , seriously what part of it you do n't understand ? 
  it 's a fucking concert , of course there will be mess , that 's why they have paid janitors to actually clean it . . 
  also half of your posts on this are imaginary situations you just thought of to reinforce your argument . 
   ... right ? 
  thank u lord, 
   whiteknight, 
  okay i give up , that 's just too much internet for me, 
  are you viet cong, 
   winner first qualifying round match 1 v fk partizan ( srb ), 
  so we get one of these, 
   fc shirak ( arm ) v sp tre penne ( smr ), 
  hah , no it just sounded like something viet cong would do , booby traps and all , although i have never heard of us forces using traps , but i can imagine doing so in vietnam where close quarters combat was not a rarity . 
  i presume you are talking about vietnam then ? 
  ah did n't even read it properly, 
   winner first qualifying round ** match 1 ** v fk partizan ( srb ), 
  oh , can you tell more ? 
  like what exactly did you do , but i reckon you ca n't really disclose much, 
  yeah some teams use special away kits in europe or cups , and use it as a 3rd kit in the league ( city black/grey one comes to mind ), 
  limited edition kit that they are gon na use for summer friendles only ( verano means summer on spanish ),
