  do you know how many times i 've heard americans and other foreigners talk about bosnia , croatia or serbia like we are the middle east of europe and that we are a poor rapist savages . 
  that 's funny because i have heard from various people that bosnians are stupid ( think mujo ) , yet none of those people ever said anything about serbs being bad . 
  now who is right ? 
  no one . 
  people view balkans as a europe middle east shithole , deal with it . 
  how about '' i '', 
  so you do n't care how people view blakans , but you think i 'm an idiot for just saying what other people told me ? 
  i 'm from serbia but i 've been to many european cities , but yes there are people who know their shit and know that we are not so bad ( you 're an american now , so that 's only me then ) but majority of them are ignorant and clueless . 
  i 'm not bashing anyone just saying what i witnessed . 
  they hate us , they think of us as immigrant low paying people , even if we have educated people there doing real jobs . 
  i heard it couple of times , something like, 
   `` yeah , dude you guys are like in middle east , constantly killing eachother , in constant fear of violence escalating , half of your people are savages '', 
  now clearly we had different experiences . 
  he 's not a troll , it just shows that people downvote people who have different opinions, 
  teamwork 4 ? 
  maybe when he was in manchester , i really think he 's a team player these days, 
  you 're repeating yourself, 
  and you immediately jumped to call them elitist assholes ? 
  wow that 's a small amount of bacon there, 
  because there is no protection or what are you suggesting ? 
  getting laid = kids ? 
  that 's a bit paranoid if you need to wait to have sex until you 're in a serious relationship . . but to each their own, 
  that 's the point of this subreddit i believe, 
  then do n't have kids ? 
  but on consoles they all have 30fps so it 's not like anyone have the advantage over anyone, 
  this guy gets it, 
  why are you not using updated transfers ? 
  vertonghen and van der wiel in ajax haha, 
  it 's just a generic 3rd person shooter ( think gears of war cover based ) with some decent story writing and choices you can make, 
  season 2 ( 2013-2014 ) he 's 21 from portugal and his contract says it expires in -2014 ( ? ), 
  deffo a glitch then, 
  i know what 's a regen , but this is the start of second season , that 's why it was odd, 
  you are so respectful you have to let everyone else know about it, 
  but yours isnt ? 
  i do n't have 35 mill sadly, 
  also it says ovr 90 in search but ovr 87 in profile , what the fuck, 
  yeah 5 people didnt get your sarcasm on the internet , did you also lost faith in humanity ? 
   keep calm , and keto the motherfuck on . 
  no i just hate that keep calm and ... shit, 
  nothing against you or the post, 
  how about you take a break then and go outside or whatever you are not doing instead of reminiscing about the good old times of a site ? 
  this picture again ? 
  then buy it in a decade or two, 
  could you do san marino one next please ? 
  7 days ago , really ? 
  oh my god i never heard that one before ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah, 
  i agree, 
  because, 
  why, 
  i love that guy , and you for linking it, 
  i loved the wake-up-to-snow mornings as a kid, 
  i even love them now, 
  why would there be any tension ? 
  take dzeko and kolarov for example , best mates in city, 
  i doubt it, 
  if they did that here we would just kill each other, 
  what , why ? 
  the price is still the same when you convert it, 
  why is there no `` cliche post title '' tag anymore ? 
  ** heartwarming-pictures-to-make-you-smile-7 . jpg **, 
  also why is this not in / r/aww ? 
  if barbeque can be considered serbian food ? 
  milenko 2012, 
  well that 's subjective . . 
  but they stayed and won !!!, 
  how can we know ? 
  eating plenty of carbs = diabetes ? 
  what the fuck why ? 
  i seriously do n't know, 
  well it is still composed from letters , possibly alphabet which you can read, 
  what are you trying to say with that made up scene ? 
  why, 
  why ? 
  those faded jeans + that vest is not what i would call healthy amount of style , but good job tho, 
  if you like af1 's get the white on white ones , they go together with anything ( not suits and job interviews , you get my point ), 
  i loved this one [ dante 's inferno ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rbeagdyk_0 ), 
  it 's a joke, 
  oh i know it 's used widely here , but gamma is not , and he was ( presumably ) making fun of them by using it, 
  i showed couple of vids from here to my friends and they were fucking crying tears of laughter, 
  must be my friends tho, 
  * why are you using that font *, 
  i can see why, 
  yeah bro that rapes your women, 
  how is a sarcastic comment being sensational, 
  why ? 
  how do you know how much can you laugh ? 
  what the fuck, 
  of course million posts would come up when you search ron swanson , why would you do that ? 
  i 'm playing fm13 with qpr and just bought him for 1mill, 
  this absolutely happened, 
  hows vdv doing ? 
  why did you quote the video as if we did n't watch it or what ? 
  can we get the barca lineup ? 
  i wonder how they ended up that down, 
  i 'm thinking you 're not using it for gaming primarly ? 
  ( low end gpu , 32 gigs of ram ) ? 
  either way you overpaid it, 
  holy shit stop with that feels bullshit , ca n't you type normally ? 
  what ? 
  no , why would i be jealous ?
