  also i complained and put words in someone elses mouth ? 
  what the fuck again ? 
  wow you got issues, 
  i 'm sorry i just ca n't do this . 
  you 've won . 
  have fun and i hope you can sleep well knowing you 've won an argument on reddit . 
  take care, 
  wow you really got issues . 
  i am now serious, 
  edit, 
  and yes this was all planned and i wanted to have the last word because i want to harm you because that is all that i ever wanted to do to you and i intentionally dont make sense so i could insult you, 
  it got russian tags so more russians see this clip when searching for lady gaga, 
  i have no idea what are you talking about but i agree, 
  can we get a confirmation on this saurs, 
  once i talked to a girl, 
  ** tl ; dr ** dont stick your dick in crazy, 
  someone tell me why is he getting downvoted this is unseen injustice, 
  jew amirite ? 
  give me your paypal i will wire you 1500 $, 
  why is he getting downvoted is it because she is christian, 
  watch diego maradona highlights muted with this song playing ? 
  upvote for ctrl-f ` ing, 
  oh god i 'm serbian and did n't know this shit, 
  altho i am not okay with these kind of shitposts , i just move on and do n't whine about it ; but this is just fucking idiotic : it 's long , it contains the word * troll * and has an added meme in the end that does n't make any fucking sense . 
  this is why i stopped going to 9gag ( the retarded user base is n't really great too ), 
  i crossed a road and saw a car but nothing happened . 
  a guy once crossed a road but a car hit him and he died . 
  i am a very lucky person . 
  well i do have right to write anything i want , and if it should take balls to do so then fuck it, 
  upvoted for truth, 
  edit, 
  what are you wearing this week, 
  i doubt it is you i need more proof, 
  oh cmon am i late, 
  why ? 
  ha , i 'm a partizan supporter ( the guys in black ) and i can say this was one of those moments in tv or sport that you remember the whole life . 
  here 's another angle - notice the guy in white still celebrating after the buzzer . 
  so confused, 
  so an american being proud of killing japanese is okay ? 
  how predictable are you ? 
  that 's really nice , but that was not my point . 
  i know that there are good and bad people on both sides , it 's just that he implied that it 's not okay to be proud of killing americans ( or that 's how i got it ) . 
  yes , being proud of killing someone is sick and stupid , but that 's what propaganda does , it dehumanize the enemy so you wo n't feel really bad about killing them , because after all they 're not men . 
  so you had us gi 's killing monkey-like japanese and japanese soldiers dieing for their emperor and defending their land . 
  yes , i knew that . 
  oh okay , we 're doing this now . 
  fine . 
  first off , fuck you . 
  second how fucking stupid are you ? 
  i mean i actually have arguments against the pile of shit you wrote but you 're not really worth it . 
  the club actually filed a complaint against the refs because they let the game play with other team personnel and coaches still on the court . 
  the coach said that there was n't really that much to do , but just did n't like the refs decision . 
  nothing came out of the complaint tho, 
  that 's something different then . 
  thanks for clearing it out, 
  i did n't get this all america defending itself in ww2 ? 
  i am aware of pearl harbor and all that , but they did n't really get involved in west front because they were attacked right ? 
  also they were aggressor in the pacific , capturing japanese islands ( or liberating them in some cases ), 
  ctrl+f puntos did not fail me reddit, 
  no seriously i was like que , donda esta la biblioteca ? 
  but then i noticed the es . 
  in front of reddit, 
  i know it is n't really mfa approved but have you looked into buying a supreme cap like [ this ] ( http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5059/5500112011_be486669f2.jpg ) ? 
  no reddit certainly did not tell you that . 
  they do n't bury people they mourn their dead, 
  haha yeah right , bury . . sneaky bitch just tried to cover the evidence . 
  thanks tho , the more you know, 
  also i 've made a typo and no one corrected me !, 
  ctrl f fresh baby meat reddit did not dissapoint, 
  how is this advice animals again ? 
  it sounded funnier in your head, 
  so because you felt you did good there it means that the war was successful ? 
  babykiller, 
  yeah i get you now . 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  please go into the yugoslav countries ( i mean figuratively ), 
  you really had to point out why you upvoted ? 
  what ? 
  biblioteca, 
  why would you bring up the mac vs windows shit . . 
  came here to say this, 
  i 'm sorry what, 
  he 's a hole ? 
  do you believe everything you see on the internet ? 
  this is sad, 
  i think this is the most used macro here yet everyone thinks they 're so clever for posting it, 
  although it was stupid thing to do , why would anyone report him ? 
  it 's not your problem or anything , why do you care ? 
  also loads of comments about them whoring for karma . 
  wow shows who really is caring for it . . 
  yeah , sure post it i do n't mind , i 'm just annoyed it 's being over used . . 
  it says what is it on the picture, 
  fifa 12 or ? 
  that 's not true , if you check the comments in this thread you will see that he survived and was convicted . 
  i just typed no because i did n't want to type again what was already posted and figured you already found out . 
  50 million pounds = 1 billion dollars, 
  logical . 
  `` i better downvote him , he does n't like the same stuff i do '', 
  they sure hit hard, 
  joker show me your * fucking * face,
