  mums are the best, 
  yep , who is agassa anyway ? 
  also i 'm biased but maybe subotic/nastasic over cana, 
  wow you ridicule the memes but then you talk in equally retarded manner , seriously . . 
  around 300mph, 
  what, 
  i honestly do n't know what he 's trying to convey, 
  no they are n't , we 've always been this dumb, 
  well lol is n't p2w in the first place, 
  here are some others that are not so good . 
  i could n't give up on all those free players and i had the wage for them ( 2 seasons w/o major signings ), 
  still gon na sell half of them in january tho , probably the belgians , inter love their south americans ( argentinians ), 
  cheers, 
  i was managing uruguay in 2014wc and found him in starting squad of italy when playing against them , so i went to see how the hell is bariti starting for italy then realised he was 85 ovr . 
  waited till january and signed him on free . 
  he then grew 3 points in like 2months after joining me . 
  i do n't think you will find growth like this in your team , it only happens on cpu led teams . 
  i had like 2-3 careers where belfodil was a 85rated beast , then when i managed inter he could n't grow to 80 so i sold him . 
  under the cpu he then grew to 90 ... 
  i just got him on a free , like the majority of my players haha , so i would n't know about regular play , maybe he did n't get any, 
  i found them all to be bugged because you ca n't possibly have 98passing if you 're not spanish or german with turkish descent :d, 
  no really , it 's really unrealistic but whatever , it 's a fun game, 
  look at my budget in that screenshot , i do n't even buy players anymore , just try to get these free ones or youth academies . 
  but yeah , like with every decent club , once you play 2-3 seasons it becomes easy because you accumulate wealth like you 're psg or city ( unless you 're really really bad at fifa ), 
  ha , same with me , i play fm since 2005 and i love having ocasional fifa career just so i can create my european powerhose mk dons who win cl every year , and not doing it for 5 months like i 'd had to in fm, 
  generic comment of the day award, 
  your post reads like it 's written by a 10 year old , by the way, 
  that 's not a honest question and you know it , you just wanted to have your little debate as shown in your other comments, 
  you could use this, 
  http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/10740/ ? 
  i 'm a fan of simpler , common armors instead of those unique ones , so i prefer mine i guess :d, 
  have nothing to add , but as someone from europe , fuck you and your cheap parts, 
  it depends , because europe is not one country obviously , but most often if there has to be ads mid game it 's those little popups on the corners , advertising the major sponsor of the tournament , or just another football match ( like tv shows do ), 
  i would think us and japan had same regulations about nuclear reactors , or i missed something ? 
  japan is pretty serious about their nuclear plants, 
  did you all just downvote him to hell ? 
  110 downvotes now on that comment, 
  who 's we ? 
  and it 's not helping what ? 
  untill he starts bagging goals like ibra or persie , he is n't that good . 
  we can all hope that when he get 's to ibrahimovic 's age he will be as good as him , but until then he has to play better . 
  we ca n't rely on his potential forever , he 's already 23, 
  you say that ibrahimovic scored barely 15 goals in holland per season at balloteli 's age . 
  so what ? 
  he later on became one of the best , and what about balotelli ? 
  he 's the one who compared him to ibra and rvp, 
  i doubt any of the civilians at hiroshima and nagasaki did anything, 
  so in order to be a true qt fan you have to like jackie brown ? 
  what the hell where do you work, 
  ... if you actually manage to get a degree, 
  he 's talking about nottheonion , from the onion , which is a political commentary/satire news corp, 
   champions league titles, 
  is n't that really important tho ? 
  as heard in fifa14 :d, 
  telekom adsl 1mb/s download , 1900din/17eur ,, 
  pa to , 10mbit , a pricam za realni download , meni ide 1mb/s ili ti 1024kb/s, 
  serbian here , watched it too, 
  are you basing your opinion on this video ? 
  there 's also one playing for sao paolo, 
  sneijder a few years ago was in his prime tho haha, 
  it was n't terrible , people here cried for `` muh karma score to show '', 
  / r/soccer built ghettos in ww2, 
  why u hate us, 
  at least on other forums your opinion can be seen , no matter how shitty it is . 
  here it just get 's downvoted and hidden, 
  is that guy mk_dons_fan or whatever a troll ? 
  they can actually use words to express their opinions, 
  who gives a fuck , he/she still lost weight, 
   you speak better serbian than half of the serbian people i know, 
  what 's the matter with the casinos and water ? 
  never met anyone who did n't know that brooklyn , queens and bronx were n't in nyc lol, 
  we use hide to trade in europe, 
  that might they do n't know , as i 'm from europe , everyone heard of brooklyn , queens , etc but staten , i do n't think so, 
  it says per month right there under the number 245, 
  that 's a great indicator of real life academies, 
  but it 's not his birthday yet, 
  yeah maybe you should watch the movie , then draw your own conclusions , not read the same stuff repeated on reddit how it 's shit . 
  it 's definitely not good , but you might like it , you never know, 
  you need . 
  there 's lot 's of movies with shitty ratings that i 've liked . 
  and i 'm sure you do n't just watch movies with rating above 6 or something, 
  haha what, 
  i usually expect a picture when clicking on a link like this , not a picture of yaya holding a trohpy . 
  really informative post . 
  goal gifs are just that , goals . 
  this is just a picture of him holding the trophy, 
   he will start purring, 
  i did n't catch the `` cat '' part the first time i read your comment . . 
  i attacked a raider patrol with my varmint rifle , and got killed by raider flamer in a matter of seconds, 
  i need to play unmodded sometimes , i only played it once ( when i bought the game ), 
  probably downvoting based on his reputation ( and a vitesse crest sigh ), 
  not his fault they paid 30mill for him , he ca n't adapt that fast and he 's still young , there 's time, 
  i think he meant under pep, 
  wow people are using `` circlejerk '' here for just about anything they do n't agree with, 
  [ steam compact ] ( http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1279345 ), 
  ah yes , mikhail ak-47ovich, 
  lol fuck them ? 
  why ? 
  it 's their opinion you do n't have to agree with it, 
  i can see your point but take chelsea for example , were they best in the europe when they won it ?
