  how do you expect ref to see that punch , even players around him did n't, 
  that 's a bit stretch . . 
  i 'm playing ogse again , gon na try soup next, 
  iirc youngest captain in ligue 1 ? 
  or just psg . 
  something of those two, 
  it literally says in the error message what 's going on, 
  can anyone with more knowledge explain how was this not judged as a war crime , attacking retreating force ( that they forced with some un resolution to retreat ), 
  tacker hallo, 
   it is n't a war crime to attack a retreating force, 
  yeah i know i was asking because of this, 
  from wiki, 
   the iraqi forces were retreating from kuwait in compliance with the original un resolution 660 of august 2 , 1990, 
  so they forced them to withdraw only to bomb them when they obeyed ? 
  not trying to start some `` usa = bad '' thing , just asking, 
  leeds united , 
  you can put various hand/top rails on ak-74m 's ( ones made by izhmash at least ) and ak12s are not even rolling out yet iirc ( correct me if i 'm wrong ), 
  is 2004 recently ? 
  always nice to have a jab at muslims right, 
   screaming allah akbar, 
  anyway this sub up to few months ago was liveleak comments v2 with everyone and their grandma yelling lol allah snackbar !!, 
  nice to see we can get actual discussions now, 
  lol great reading comprehension, 
  ill just stop , not worth the time, 
  no one cares, 
  you are a better person than me, 
  what if the first one is genuine too ? 
  i do, 
  yeah if it was n't for the us the whole world would be fucked right ? 
  hughes never grow for me and i try to buy him often when playing as english clubs, 
  same with ward prowse, 
  what the hell are you doing with crvena zvezda crest ? 
  i 'm honestly surprised that there was n't 100 + people killed , knowing india, 
  completely unrealistic that manchester united have less of a budget than wigan, 
  i know they bought fellaini and mata , but still, 
  huh i never think of cs go for some reason when someone mentions counter strike, 
  i have 2000h in cs : s and about the same in 1.6, 
  not really proud of time spent in css tho . . 
  hah i 'm not bragging or anything , i 'm well aware that it 's nothing special , even tho i hate the competitive community after being part of it for so long, 
  handball is considered a violation of rules , but not cheating , just like fouls like this, 
  maybe they were bosnian serbs . . yeah it 's pretty complicated over here, 
  eriksen is good, 
  no , where did you get that, 
  this is common prep look, 
  i 'm on pc and using some career improvement mod which slows down stats degrading on older players significantly , so i can actually buy 28 year olds now and play them for 2-3 years without fear of their short passing degrading to 60 ( how can someone lose ability to pass ffs fifa ), 
  set your youth to spain and use them , and buy spanish players under 18 ( iirc they do n't have to be basque if they are bought under 16 or so ? 
  in real life ), 
  3rd season as s'land and he got 76 positioning and 85 finishing , and 82 strength, 
  there 's some strikers that just do n't improve their positiong for some reason ( same as midfielders not improving vision ), 
  ye , but i 'm thinking he 's talking about on shirt sponsor, 
  try football manager and it 's fmc mode then, 
  he has butland so i think he 's set, 
  there 's tutorial in-game ( that 's really good ), 
  and a simplified fm classic mode !, 
  it 's attention, 
  it 's januzaj, 
  plenty here in serbia, 
  why is time in gmt +8 ? 
  oh , that makes sense !, 
  thanks, 
  death to america !, 
  lol iva , brano . . we call him bane in serbia, 
   positional play ? 
  they would teach me instead of i them . 
   do n't people put common sense into considering this ? 
  he did n't even get to know who is calling, 
  haha, 
  it 's the same album ? 
  ok my friend, 
  definitely not batman bane, 
  something like bah-nuh, 
  strikas ? 
  koliko imas godinica , jel to sad u modi ili si neki hipster ? 
   nothing should change in your social dynamics just because your penis is inside them . 
  easier said than done !, 
  cl football more like, 
  bellend not bell end !, 
  i am sorry :(, 
  lol where did you get that from ? 
  you can go 0:99 and get the same result , first time i hear about 2:98, 
  nuclear wasteland, 
   is the b-52 , also a propeller plane . 
  that f4d looks like a dog with its tail between the legs for some reason, 
  how did you have trouble scoring ? 
  how do you know he 's a legitimate recruiter ? 
  ea was just a publisher for bf4 and titanfall, 
  he 's only 21, 
  could you expand on that and enlighten us then ? 
  instead of being smug like that, 
  that 's why it would suck at conventional warfare, 
  when you 're blasting talibans with rusty ak 's it 's the best , but against russians ? 
  do n't think so, 
  just play football manager then, 
  on vanilla fifa non gk players start to decline around 30 , even 29 !, 
  not realistic at all , thank god for mods on pc, 
  sure !, 
  1st of may, 
  i think it 's in bar area mate, 
  pirate it and create an offline gfwl account, 
  i noticed it had to do with reputation ( kinda ),
