  there 's no concrete evidence that it happened like that , and carlin made the mistake of saying like that was a fact in his podcast too, 
   and only found the archduke due to getting sandwiches, 
  nope , not true at all, 
  probably sweden or some other nordic country, 
  cestitam i da pobedite i vi nesto bio bi red, 
  how 's kongolo doing ? 
  kinda like you and roy right ? 
  adidas sneakers were almost the official footwear of afghan war, 
  you 're right but what a fucking annoying and douchebag way to explain it . 
  fuck you, 
  doubt you can discover anything useful by burning people anymore . 
  i might be wrong tho, 
  yeh i know , but that was in 1940s . 
  how useful would experiments like that be today ? 
  no idea, 
  and being famous/rich, 
  do n't know any pack-a-week smoker . 
  i 'm from serbia though so yeah, 
  i 'm a smoker and i 'd bash him if i was his coach/part of the staff . 
  smoking most likely affects his ability to play ( if it does n't great for him ) , and i 'd like my players to be 100 % ready for all games . 
  on moral grounds i do n't give a fuck what he does though, 
  and they 're task force, 
  you can practically join sas now m8, 
  ye that 's fair , but i 'd say that being rich and famous makes you more attractive , regardless whos point of view it is , even hers . 
  that 's just my opinion tho, 
  you guys have some lazy or unfit players ? 
  if you do be ready to say farewell to them, 
  it 's generally used to conceal flash muzzle during long distance engagements, 
  and you would probably go deaf after firing few magazines, 
  ye spam that comment and vote brigade him . 
  love all the retards spamming `` fuck you '' to that guy after the game . 
  great hindsight there, 
  fucking retards, 
  yes but there were part of the nazi germany , and the nazi party that rules germany . 
  so they were indeed fighting for nazis . 
  not really that far fetched to call them nazis even tho they were n't necessarily supporters of the nsdap, 
  that 's not like that at all lol . 
  hitler ruled with complete dictatorship and his nazi party was in control of literally everything in the country . 
  majority of generals were in the nsdap and majority of wehrmacht was closely tied to nsdap , they wore nazi insignia etc. 
  you should do some reading . 
  wehrmacht worked closely with the ss , not to mention that luftwaffe ( air force ) 's leader was hermann g\u00f6ring, 
  well the luftwaffe was officially part of the wehrmacht and ultimately they all fought for the same nazi regime with it 's nazi leaders . 
  i know of course that not every soldier in the nazi army was indeed a sympathizer of the member of nsdap . 
  at the end of the day , they all fought for the nazi regime and you ca n't and wo n't be able to stop people from using nazi as a synonym for any germany soldier . 
  just because they were n't directly in the nsdap does n't excuse them at all . 
  they were part of an invading force under nazi leadership , and sadly that 's war . 
  they maybe did n't want to fight and got drafted , but that 's all in the past now, 
  m8 i never called them all nazis . 
  i was just explaining why would someone think they all were, 
  m ` stielhandgranate, 
  i know i know . 
  pretty sad situation all around . 
  germany had great soldiers sadly fighting for the wrong cause, 
  i agree , good fps/tps and a shit rpg, 
  i 'm still not over that defeat . 
  2 goals in 90th minute :(, 
  try this, 
  he did n't mention tanks even once . 
  i agree it does n't work that well against objectives, 
  lol do n't know how i missed that . 
  third one looks like concept art for stalker, 
  lol real life is not fifa , just because someone is 18 does n't mean they will get better . 
  definitely not `` pretty much every 18 year old '', 
  he reminds me of ramires , is that a right comparison ? 
  there 's no shells ejecting from the pistol, 
  lol i have you on -10 on res , you do some quality shitposting, 
   moving to monaco was a big fuck up, 
  how was it a bad move ? 
  he could 've gotten injured at any club he played at, 
  it 's not funny, 
  we know, 
  now it 's a ghost buffet, 
  i think you being english has something to do with your warped view of noel 's fame . 
  he 's not really that famous outside uk or avid music fans, 
  yeah , oasis , not noel alone . 
  do you see where is this going ? 
  for example i 'd argue loads of people do n't know who chris martin is but they love coldplay . 
   would he potentially consider a move to someone like west ham, 
  how would that guy know that lol, 
  which is logical when you think about it, 
  can you show me where was it marketed to go live on tuesday ? 
  at least they had `` glory times '' , unlike everton, 
  what ? 
  fuck this sub 's horrible, 
  that 's fair , just checked your history , would be nice you win something in the 21st century tho mate !, 
  scary to think renato sanches could turn out like that, 
  still does n't warrant this post . 
  a guy is saying to him that he ca n't be jewish and german at the same time . 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  my grandad fought with the partisans and blew up rail tracks too !, 
  although he ended up on a secret police blacklist because he was a communist heh, 
  i 'm guessing because you 're selling ichi for titans , and you need the as back, 
  ye it 's working now ignore me like a failure i am, 
  balance m8, 
  darmian is italian , does n't matter that his parents are armenian, 
  this is so funny for some reason, 
  he 's literally born and raised in italy , just because he has armenian blood does n't make him armenian , i remember this exact discussion on / r/reddevils, 
  found it, 
  great he 's genetically armenian but the original poster implied he 's armenian , which he 's not . 
  he says he 's italian , is born and raised there , what he is genetically does n't mean anything in the context of op 's post .
