   do you have no concern for the safety of that camera ? 
  haha, 
  `` do you work for the company ? '', 
  if they disagree they should n't be downvoting him.votes mean that if you get downvoted your comment gets hidden , then no one can see your opinion , no matter how shitty it is . 
  and that 's not a good thing, 
  why ? 
  i doubt he gives a fuck about what impression the pr guy left here, 
  you having to guess is just you having a lack of common sense and trying to nit pick when you exactly know what he meant . . 
  we are talking about a staged reality tv show , it does n't have to make sense i believe :d, 
  this is strangely specific, 
  wow i wont even bother, 
  enjoy your infinite wisdom and thanks for enlightening me , i had no idea what equivalent meant, 
  you go on looking for poorly worded sentences , i 'll go do something else that does n't involve dealing with people like you, 
  but its ** air max **, 
  great, 
  haha, 
  do you have any military experience ? 
  literally ? 
  do n't base your clothing around sunglasses, 
  why are you not dead yet, 
  how much time are you spending on reddit ? 
  i was like you during the summer , now the school and stuff started so it 's all good again, 
  maybe he was skimming leisurely, 
  i once sold rooney at united and they actually talked how will united be without him , they have those special clips for better players , also when they are subbed in, 
  about 3m, 
  dyer , eager to get on the ball, 
  tevez , with his bulldog-like approach, 
  fletcher takin ' over, 
  here comes giggs, 
  that was just like alan smith in his prime, 
  not the best game he 's ever played , but it might just be the best save he 'll ever make, 
  strong tackle bacary sagna, 
  you 've come to the wrong hood m8, 
   i do n't post outfits, 
  may i ask why ? 
  i hate that guy, 
  who says you 're lovable, 
  i 'm sorry but having failed horribly in euro qualies , we really need this wc :(, 
  it did , last time this was posted there was source , and no one died but couple of them got knocked iirc, 
  i would n't, 
  use your imagination, 
  oh god, 
  books are considered source, 
  what does that have to do with anything, 
  what if books are the source ? 
  wow your logic is so flawed, 
  i 'm not talking about that specific book , just in general about books as a medium . 
  your comment sounded like you dismissed books as a source , even if they were a scientific research or similar, 
  i hate people who speak trough memes, 
  i wonder if paris said that to reddit 's tina fey how would people react, 
  edit : got my answer, 
  default subs are those with certain number of subscribers , i do n't remember how much but i wonder if a jailbait sub had 1 million subscribers if they would make it a default one haha, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  that 's the point of those filters, 
  no he will join galata , not sneijder, 
  i give you 1 more season until you get bored, 
  donovan to chelsea in fm12, 
  hm i did n't get that impression, 
  i dont think this is a good advice but thats just me, 
  i do n't know about them , but i do n't like the nikes , i love all white sneaks but thats just me, 
  its 3 and a half years , which is not 21 months, 
  what 's wrong with having sex ? 
  i do n't know about the others , but there is al qaeda and al-nusra front which are terrorist organizations battling on the rebel side, 
  born in 2010 and already 26 , i feel so old, 
   without all the over the top shit it would just be gta, 
  just because it 's a open world sandbox game does n't mean it 's a gta clone, 
  why do n't you dress nicely and groom and whatnot , if i may ask ? 
  rodney, 
  next day you found out you were robbed, 
  was hoping for a picture of your sister coming out of the shower, 
  a man can dream, 
  how can you say a 12 year old deserved to die for a moment of stupidity ? 
  edit : she did n't die but still . . no one deserves that, 
  it 's definitely the latter . . 
  not all nerds are intelligent, 
  ... dude, 
  it 's more likely that they got shot down, 
   he was killed by strangulation . 
  then he chopped the head of his dead body, 
  huh, 
  - honey i was right on the internet today, 
  have you tried sleeping dogs ? 
  she 's probably drunk and have no idea what 's going on , i doubt that 's really that selfish, 
  ali to je tako mainstream . . 
  are you actually whining about 1 downvote ? 
  proper term would be `` thanks '' :d, 
  yes but you can choose not to be open about it so you do n't end up getting burned/lynched, 
  i 'm sure you guys have it hard being labeled bad guys all the time . . 
  why is republika srpska on croat and bosnian side ? 
  what 's wrong with him doing that ? 
  how old are you if i may ask ? 
  how is this morbid ? 
  i really do n't understand . 
  those are gas masks that looters picked and took out the parts they can sell, 
  lol, 
  lol nerd, 
  have you just found out about this ? 
  i see you already posted it in / r/self lol . . 
  how exactly can a war be cringeworthy ? 
  could anyone explain me what 's the point of this picture ?
