  maybe the older generations , i 've been to greece , turkey , bulgaria , montenegro . . during summer and spent time with bosnians , croats , really any other nationality and we never had problems . . 
   also , ` carpet bombing ' ? 
  maybe he thought about this, 
  for what ? 
  so what do you want me to do then ? 
  apologize that people rated it 1 ? 
  i 'm just saying my opinion , and what general consensus was, 
  what . . 
  it 's really easy to disregard anything i said because i 'm a serb right ? 
  where did i say i did n't like the depictions ? 
  we did horrible stuff there , i 'm not denying it . . 
  but she did n't really put that much research into it , and it was n't really a black and white war . . everyone killed everyone there , which does n't make our side any better of course but i 'm not even arguing about the war , just the film . . 
  well it looks you have you facts straight so i 'll leave this conversation now, 
  but it does n't have angelina jolie . . 
  hahahaha, 
  probably because that 's a militant group with experience , by the looks of it, 
   border collies, 
  iirc they are considered to be the most intelligent breed of dogs, 
  anyone have spare 6 quid ? 
  for science, 
  it 's not about perspective , it 's about war . 
  there was ( is ) a war in iraq/afghanistan , so it 's normal media wo n't report on every child death there . 
  holy shit you retards are annoying with your `` snackbar '' shit, 
  ca n't you comprehend that that 's just their go-to battle cheer for everything ? 
  or you think it makes you cool and edgy to say it ? 
  anyway it 's in the rules ( which no one gives a shit about ) to not spam about it, 
  haha wow , i sincerely hope this comment is satire reflecting on reddit 's hard-on for hating usa or cops, 
  good thing they are not doing it for you then is n't it ? 
  do n't wach it then . . 
  really ? 
  you click a video full of muslims shooting something and then go and say : ugh why are they yelling allah ackbar it hurts my brain, 
  why are you watching it then ? 
  just do n't understand . . 
  how is he a scumbag , he was just running around ? 
  not like he hurt the bull, 
  why, 
  so instead you are being an ass about it ? 
   there is no need to use the word ` but ' and make it sound like i do n't really know what i 'm talking about . 
  wow, 
  yes he did `` destroy '' him during those 2 legs , but that did n't end his career or anything , lol . 
  do n't see how it 's relevant to his decline . 
  he just got older and ca n't rely on his pace anymore, 
  it 's ilicic not llicic btw haha, 
  one thing you can trust reddit to do is run things into ground with repetition, 
  is the tone thing supposed to be funny, 
  do you have a doc or pdf of the diet ? 
   one of the greatest managers in the world . 
  in this case it was very easy to detect, 
  you do realize that every day even more companies will be forced to work with nsa . 
  it 's not them you should be boycotting , you should do something about the nsa . . 
  in a few years you will be left without an alternative product, 
  i wo n't go into those america = evil and nsa = evil stuff as i 'm not american but i 'm just voicing my opinion on the matter, 
  absolutely nothing , i 'm not from the us ( and i do n't really care that much about all this privacy stuff ), 
  that would be brazil, 
  how is that being a loser ? 
  i 'm not shitting on anyone , just stating my opinion that it 's not the company 's fault , but the organization 's ( nsa ), 
  but i see there 's no way having a normal discussion with you when you pull out the loser card after 1st post, 
  bye , have fun, 
  i am aware that corporations are not innocent kids who just do what the nsa tells them to , but imo it 's better to stop the core problem ( the nsa in this case ) than the other affected parties, 
  it 's just not the same, 
  why would they have them in the player 's profile if you could change them then ? 
  heh , get it guys , he has an all caps name with `` rapist '' in it . . 
  heh , trust me i know, 
  btw mw 1.8.8 was released 2 days ago, 
  you said sorry, 
  he 's not bashing america , what the hell, 
  is it me or you brightness is too low ? 
   channing tatum, 
  anyone know why is he number 2 ? 
  how is 3 at the back a mental formation haha, 
  wait , people think our last names are intimidating ( serbian here ) ? 
  or [ milosevic ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87 ), 
  . . in their pr team, 
  misery is coming 31st of july , untill then , play some modded soc ( or vanilla ), 
  so it 's okay to steal other people 's videos and repost them to your youtube channel , then post them here ? 
  this is the most generic reddit comment, 
  i probably am, 
  # 74.800.000 + jovetic ( do n't know the actual sum , # 22.4 m ? ), 
  spent, 
  # 7.920.000 departures, 
  i do n't see your point about wages . 
  i 'm just listing the sums on transfermarket , also could n't find maicon price anywhere . 
  balloteli left in january , so that 's last season . 
  i would n't call nazis stupid . 
  evil , yes . 
  but stupid i do n't think so . 
  hitler was not a brilliant mastermind tactician or anything , and a horrible human being , but aside from him , the nazi party and his surrounding generals were n't that incompetent . . 
  can i have a great personality but not be nerdy ? 
  well fuck me then, 
  you ca n't expect people here to know about us haha, 
  says the england fan, 
  here 's some formatting, 
   ------------------ lloris ---------------, 
   ------- walker-dawson-verthongen-rose ---------, 
   ------------- damiao ( please ) ------------------, 
  danny dyer did one , football factory think . 
  your post is equally shit, 
  it 's not really that big of a deal man . . 
  how could possibly that black kit remind you of that st pauli one ?
