  so you just put those 2 folders into the main fm2014 dir in my documents, 
  i just tested it in 2 minutes and it all works, 
  happened in my fifa 14 career, 
   they were the worst team out the top ** 4 **, 
   hollywood sucks . 
  oh yea do a body transformation and instant buzz . 
  why did hollywood not choose a real transgender to play the part ? 
  because they are not an actor ? 
  and a z list `` actor '' like jared leto is so special because he paid his dues ? 
  nothing but crappers his whole career and now ? 
  so special a performance ? 
  no wonder everyone hates hollyweird . 
  an actual real transgender could have shit letos `` performance . '', 
  i love comments on that site, 
   i think they are just the top 2 scorers from a bunch of clubs . 
  i 'm from serbia and we have many legit games stores , i do n't know where are you living . . 
  wow good for you , you made a rage comic, 
  i hope you 're not older than 18, 
  all those scenarios , apart from the juve relegation would n't make a fan give up his club , if he was a true fan , so just because you stayed with your club during `` guard of honor '' does n't mean you deserve more respect, 
  it 's no fashion , it 's team uniform , and is the important part of a club, 
  this might be harsh and stupid but i never understood the congratulating on being clean part , if you did n't do drugs at the first place you would n't need to be `` clean for 28 years '' now . 
  why congratulate someone who did something stupid and illegal then stopped , at the first place anyway ? 
  most retarded phrase on the internet , * feels *, 
  because he brought him to himself ( generalizing now , of course there are people who got forced into drugs or had no other choice ) . 
  i have an ex junkie friend and while i 'm happy that he 's clean i 'm extremely mad at him that he tried heroin in the first place , and would never congratulate him for being clean , because he did it willingly , putting everyone around him , and himself in danger . 
  maybe not the best reaction , but that 's my stance on it . 
  thanks for the insight, 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  care to expand on that ? 
   mr wheresmyfuckingmedalforneverdoingdrugstoo, 
  nice one, 
  what why, 
  pretty sure your skin is broken , try to reload the cache, 
  just manage a team without any transfer budget haha, 
   video card is n't directly related to gaming . 
  i 'm sorry what, 
  i honestly think there is scripting for online modes . 
  there is cpu cheating when playing career mode , so i have no doubts there is online scripting too, 
  wow good lucking trying to change a pedo 's mind . . 
  especially one with so much time on his hand , if you take a look at his posting history . . why do n't you try it ? 
  you used other comment as a source ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're some kid who ca n't comprehend that you can like both games and not be `` nv fan '' or a `` f3 kiddie '', 
  ah fair enough , haha, 
  rangers must did something wrong , to get sentenced to death tho ? 
  that 's gamebyro for you , been here since morrowind ( heavily modified for skyrim tho ), 
  how can you put israel as another example , jesus they had so many conflicts over the years, 
  they are not a regular example of western society, 
  yes it is, 
  rest of the civilized world did n't fall back to arming their fucking teachers in fear of those school shootings that you guys have, 
  nice , i 'm a sociopath too now !, 
  i would think that after 10 pm 's i got that they fucked my mother and that i was a retarded cunt it would stop but no , go on, 
  i could see you stroking your cock while typing that, 
  with an eagle flying over your head, 
  hamburger in your hand, 
  haha what point ? 
  that you ca n't come up with anything else than `` fuck off eurotrash '' ? 
  honestly yes , i come from a society where guns are a rare thing , so it might been that . 
  but to get to a point where you 're one of the only countries in the world who have to defend their schools with guns ( disregarding wartime ) is really something i can '' t wrap my head around . 
  because you gave yourself money , how is that not cheating ? 
  but i did it too , so i do n't condone it . 
  it 's just heavily modified gamebyro, 
  united fan and you could n't think of vidic captian job but you used company as an example sigh, 
  you must be new here then, 
  wow so edgy there !, 
  i think you mean feeder or parent clubs , that 's a good idea but your example of chelsea and vitesse is not really correct , in a manner that they ca n't simply rotate players from one team to the other , chelsea can send their youth there , but they ca n't simply take vitesse best players , if that 's what you though . 
  sorry if i 'm wrong tho, 
   now rain does n't seem to effect the gameplay at all !, 
  is this supposed to be a good feature ? 
  realistically it * should * impact the gameplay , but this is fifa so i guess it 's ok, 
  read this article if you have will and time, 
  check the, 
   the extent of ( and limits to ) the partnership, 
  part, 
  barcleona and barcelona b are basically the same team , barcelona b being the reserve team , so they can freely rotate players , as well as rm castilla and real madrid, 
  vitesse on the other hand is a feeder club that chelsea can send their youth on loan , with them paying the player salary ( depends on the contract ) . 
  we are on / r/rage, 
  i do n't come here to say `` well it could be worse '', 
  i come here to say `` urgh what a cunt '', 
  ok dad, 
  diego costa ? 
  he 's not , this was posted a million times , he somehow missed or just scratched his head, 
  iirc last time this was posted , news crew got to the place of the shooting to find the shooter going back to finish the job ( he failed ), 
   just cause we do n't win tournaments does not mean we 're not one of the best, 
  ah we 're good but we do n't win anything , but we 're still one of the best !, 
  there 's nothing else to do, 
  nice you made a wifi network and named it this humorous manner, 
  wow gj, 
  again ? 
  haha thought it was already posted here , it might be on / r/footballhighlights tho, 
  i like how people think liveleak is some horrible gore site, 
  hah he have n't changed at all, 
   there are dozens and dozens of groups in africa and to lump all of them together is pointless, 
  what . 
  yes everything is black and white like that, 
   every great nation and every historic nation is going to play in this wc . 
  i think the last time i saw this it was said that those masked people were russian special forces assaulting terrorists in that building, 
  it says right there in the imdb description, 
   inspired by the modern classic , wings of desire , city involves an angel ( cage ) who is spotted by a doctor in an operating room . 
  franz plays cage 's buddy who somehow knows a lot about angels .
