  yes, 
  do n't end up on liveleak, 
  no , are you serious ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just a simple peasant without progressive views about gender and sex , although i would like to know what you imagined is bad in my post ? 
  i will gladly accept downvotes in return of respect and eternal glory, 
  i doubt anyone here buys them to work in them, 
  so it 's not nonsense then ? 
  i joined and had a stalker in minutes, 
  is n't there like only 3 gameplay videos ? 
  we witnessed yours there, 
  again , not one club man, 
  that was not relevant at all but i laughed, 
  so basically you just told us that you are a better person than him amirite ? 
  reminds me of / r/atheism, 
  i love how people just yell troll at anyone who do n't agree with them, 
  what good job ? 
  what did he do except having that username ? 
  why is being a user for 7 months relevant ? 
  thanks for explaining that generic comment that shits on the discussion , love how i got downvoted on it tho . 
  cheers, 
  testing, 
   imdb , rottentomatoes , metacritic, 
  they are all by random people too, 
  did you just discover porn torrents ? 
  to upload torrents ? 
  i love the obvious line between people who upvote and people who comment here, 
  well swiss has a really small army , but is a rich country is n't it ? 
  i said compared to other present time armies , why would you compare the ancient roman army with present swiss one ? 
  okay, 
  maybe he did, 
  we hate the government , nothing against the people, 
  nope , not kidding . 
  you ca n't really hate 300 million people , but the government and it 's foreign policies , cia and fbi , the conspiracies . . fucking hate it , not that anyone else does n't do it tho . . 
  wrong person, 
  it needed a generic gif ? 
  ah , the good old schwebebahn, 
  your, 
  always thought it 's a mexican flag in the background, 
  what if he/she is not ? 
  getting beaten by serbia 6-1 is a nice start , haha, 
  i watch them all the time and have learned quite a lot of russian with it, 
  there 's no proof in the comments , it 's all speculation, 
  when will people understand that no one gives a fuck about their fantasy teams ? 
  the fact that your source was call of duty and that you thought mg42 fires 50 . cal . . holy shit how did 17 people upvote you ? 
  are you on pc ? 
  you were gay, 
  oh , well there 's a mod on fifa , actually you can edit everything in career mode , this including the % of injuries when simming, 
   yes homo, 
  obviously, 
  im not even mad, 
  well obviously , why would he do it if it did n't feel good ? 
  forward ? 
  how is that a low end pc , oh god i had a dual core and 8500gt untill 4 months ago, 
  dude hes probably homeless how the fuck do you know he lifts ? 
  or how do fuck i know hes homeless ? 
  where am i ? 
  we heard it clearly no need to say lightning twice, 
  and that 's why you 're on reddit and not doing social interactions, 
  jelena panajotovic knows what 's up if you mean what i know, 
  you really took those downvotes like a champ, 
  what ? 
  . . yes, 
  reaction gif, 
  what does he have to do with public figures ? 
  no , learn german, 
  nope , that 's the joy of gamebyro engine, 
  they do exist . . 
  edit, 
  not actually every location , but some of them are , like red forest or pripyat, 
  yes, 
  who upvotes this ? 
  this is the biggest pile of shit i have ever read, 
  why, 
  we are watching the stream too, 
  well not really he is n't because the croc didnt eat him, 
  well that was really a brave thing to say, 
  because they played it longer ? 
  jesus are you fucking retarded , even the poorest countries have decent government offices, 
  did i walk into a anti mfa circlejerk on mfa ? 
  he 's a bubble ? 
  i 'm more interested in those 5 foods you should never eat, 
  that first badge was probably taken in 1880 's , look how blurry it is, 
  you can be a gamer and like music ? 
  what am i missing, 
  and he deleted the story now . 
  we were right and clearly are superior human beings . 
  high five, 
  what is going on here, 
  i 'm sorry but that 's total bs and it 's been said bunch of times , and if you ever read about real battles , they tend to be really fucking loud , and you ca n't even hear your thoughts , let alone the ping of a rifle 200m away in a gunfire . 
  tl ; dr being on any side in a war sucked, 
  i thought they old that that would happen, 
  wow, 
  yes because the whole country feels that way, 
  how can a whole country be racist ? 
  you 're in the same boat , friend, 
  we watched the video too ? 
  also you fucked up that quote, 
  a spider ? 
  haha , i 'll leave you in your deluded world then, 
  what happened does n't matter , what people think is what matters , and that 's that we , the ex yu countries , are viewed as 3rd world countries that commit genocide .
