  because i believe there is a world somewhere outside of the us, 
  overlord phaggot, 
  clash of the titans, 
  i 'm sorry but how does he look great ? 
  if he had looked great he would n't want to loose weight , and i encourage him to do that , as he already knows . 
  you 're do n't look great now . 
  but if you work , you fucking will . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  either you 're a gigantic pussy or you 're just going with the reddit spider nope bandwagon, 
  your mind is blown easily then, 
  unoriginal comment level fuck you, 
  ** level level : level **, 
  guys what are the best simpsons seasons again ? 
  you mean big cock ? 
  `` i agree , this is an experiment , i created an account and all i 'm going to do is resubmit pics of cats and who i met today and see how much karma adds up . 
  hahaha reddit needs to dump this crap into a subreddit ! '', 
  the op , [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/syf51/look_who_i_met_today/c4i141i ), 
  yes it does , the angle is weird, 
  please tell me why do you think the comment level : shit is funny ? 
  haha hanging, 
  if he killed 10 prisoners alone , he would be a nazi . 
  this way , because he disobeyed , he is a german soldier, 
  but when does narwhal bacon ? 
  i always explain this and get downvoted to hell , but fuck it this is reddit, 
  i dont need your pitty upvote !, 
  edit : again , the beauty of reddit, 
  your opinion does n't have to be the one everyone agrees on , so obviously you 'll get downvotes, 
  well fuck you too, 
  yet, 
  yeah that 's right , make a meme ( its actually image macro ) of every picture posted on reddit . 
  that will sure be a hit, 
  devgru is not military lingo oh god, 
  look how fucking many times it was here, 
  wow calm down you got 147 upvotes, 
  hey guys is everyone else a giant fucking pussy and scared of clicking wikipedia links ? 
  it 's almost like you have a different opinion than him !, 
  wow that 's the most idiotic argument you can make . 
  do you tell that to all the film/book critiques ? 
  they had their share of civi kills in vietnam tho, 
  it 's not . 
  i did n't even say it was . 
  it was relevant in the discussion about killing civilians tho . 
  for a second i thought this is a / r/circlejerk post, 
  wow really ?? 
  it was about the germans in ww2 but i mentioned vietnam , deal with it . 
  how is babby formed, 
  no , but his is * official *, 
  that 's not really a serbian insult, 
  uhm , you do realize that it was colonized by the brits ? 
  but that 's what i was pointing out . 
  it 's not weird , they 're basically the same people , another uk . 
  the next day repost is actually the original . 
  you posted the [ fixed ] version and then someone reposted it . 
  that 's what you get for posting fixed shit, 
  why did n't anyone mention beastie boys on reddit before mca died ? 
  your stupidity, 
  you need to calm down and vent off somewhere else . 
  i did n't make fun of anything , why the fuck would i make fun of another language ? 
  now fuck off . 
  hey guise i smoke weed dae smoke bongs and love reddit usernames ? 
  upvotes [ 10 ], 
  wow light before water ? 
  i know , i 'm serbian, 
  * . svg, 
  haha spelling mistake fuck me right ? 
  why is there no `` edit title '' thing on reddit . . 
  at least he didnt say my roommate, 
  it 's a nsfw thread what the fuck were you expecting, 
  `` on closer inspection 3:03 you can clearly see that this bomb had ball bearings for fragmentation and devastation , such cruelty . '', 
  comment from the site, 
  wow an actor in a movie is giving a voice to a cartoon character too !, 
  mind = blown, 
  holy shit i already hate you, 
  assault rifle, 
  what people do for karma, 
  there 's actually a like button from facebook , what ? 
  lol couple of things : sarajevo was n't anything like that , it looks like a deserted city in the trailer , when actually it was n't at all . 
  second a10 warthog flying in the beginning ? 
  no americans involved in the war . 
  not to start about rpg mortar hybrids and lovely death animations . . 
  all this time i have lived in ignorance, 
  ever thought about meeting other people ? 
  mind = blown amirite guise ? 
  why would it be ? 
  it only got 100k subscribers , / r/wtf is probably new / r/reddit . com, 
  yes a scene from a movie needs to be higher than those real pictures, 
  what ? 
  do you think the shit you 've just wrote is funny ? 
  so you just post random gifs eh ? 
  bot or ? 
  definitely a bot, 
  well they are hardly relevant , overused gifs but okay i dont have anything aginst that . 
  but * `` i wan na know what love is '' *, 
  no but it 's considered funny on reddit , he will get upvotes !, 
  everyone here is a giant fucking pussy or just wants attention or acceptance and proceeds to circlejerk how spiders are scary, 
  but you did n't ? 
  i do n't really think that it 's cry worthy but okay . 
  have are you doing, 
  why are you so mad about it tho, 
  haha,
