  fuck i thought i was the only one who knew about that beast, 
  it 's really a shitty reason not to take the whole ( arguably the biggest in the world ) sport seriously, 
  what, 
   incredibly dangerous flares, 
  what, 
   the stadium was closed because of racist banners, 
  which were previously approved by uefa, 
  it 's clear that the athmosphere in premiership is not the best , and that you never had any contact with ultras , or fucking flares for that matter and your little stab at reddit as a whole was cute too, 
  after may 1st ( when they grow the most ) i had some guys with current ovr 70-76 or 69-75 and if they are long enough in your academy you can pretty much know what to expect in terms of stats, 
  why not defoe instead of ade ? 
  yeah my sport is better than yours eh ? 
  good thing you generalized a fan base of the biggest sport in the world , that 's really smart, 
  i doubt he got instant cancer with that cig, 
  mexico for me, 
  did anyone think it was acting ? 
  i never thought it was real , like they told him to be a dick to the kid for comedic effect , then i got here and everyone was like `` owen , what a huge dick to that kid '', 
  reminds me of syria, 
  what kind of backup players you have ? 
  what the hell, 
   tfw no gf, 
  how ? 
  you read a comment in / r/videos, 
  can i buy drugs, 
  what ? 
  not every 14 year old looks like that lol , how can you even say that ? 
  how the fuck can i tell what 's a hornet in my garden full of wasps, 
  wow you really showed him , you even put a meme at the end, 
  law genius, 
  why did you sell him for that little , he was bagging loads of goals, 
  you could recognize that deviantart dirty filter on flags everywhere, 
   source : wordpress.com, 
  i died, 
  it 's like using blogspot as a source, 
  not really , they sold bunch of the youth to get money, 
  i think people mean a backup dm/cb, 
  while their current defenders are good , they do n't have much backup for kos , mets and vermalen . 
  sure you can play sagna and jenkinson at cb , but a real cb covering for those 3 would be better would n't it ? 
  i literally said a `` real cb would be better '', 
  o boze genijalno , iovako obozavam the onion ali ovo . . novi respekt, 
  who ? 
  i. . what the hell ... goddammit, 
   in ops, 
  was n't he player of the year for manchester , last season before carrick, 
  how so ? 
  they only missed the confed cup , but i still think they warrant the `` flawless '' adjective, 
  i had 19/20 because i fucked up on the first one , thought it 's swansea instead of fulham haha, 
  also sunderland always had black shorts ( in my memory ), 
  how can you be sure ? 
  maybe he got shot in stomach and died 5hours later in horrible pain, 
  is this some copypasta or, 
  i 'm sure everyone is aware it 's propaganda, 
  you guys are , right ? 
  some say it was money laundering, 
  for such a small sub , a post from 1 month ago feels really recent , 
  was late with this match thread , that one is official, 
  he died, 
  not so much reaction from serbian players tbh , you can even see ivanovic trying to take him off haha, 
  another angle, 
  look at his badge can you comprehend banter, 
  really ? 
  and vs croatia, 
  yo what 's the song in the background at 1:50 when snoop is talking, 
   summer madness by kool & the gang, 
  yess, 
  cheers, 
  is it true that all ajax players have to be two footed ? 
  like they are all trained in their academy not to rely only on 1 foot, 
  you shirley ca n't be suggesting that pes was the arcade one ? 
  really ? 
  what 's the point in this comment , we can all see when he joined . . or is this one of those overused comments that people make because they ca n't think for themselves ? 
  lol the point of this post is not the intention , it 's the `` blatant diving '', 
  it 's probably for use by swat right ? 
  sorry mate, 
  i 'll never understand reddit love for this game and it 's constant praising of pseudo-intellectual `` deep '' and `` dark '' story , so much that it 's actually mentioned when talking about fucking apocalypse now and heart of darkness, 
  what , the clunky mechanics are not deliberate . 
  when did you get that from ? 
  i 've just read the wiki on this game , and saw that many people intrepeted it in that way , like, 
   some critics believe that spec ops : the line does not intend the combat to be a fun experience for the player , but rather aims to engage the player through its narrative which critiques the shooter genre for being removed from reality and providing players with an unrealistic , morally ambiguous escapist fantas, 
  i personally do n't think it 's the case , it 's just game having not-so-good gameplay but people wanting it to be more are attributing bigger things to it . 
  to each his own , i guess, 
   the gameplay is n't good because war is hell, 
  well tell that to thousands of fun war games, 
  it 's not that the game is bad in gameplay , it 's just bland , by intention or not i do n't know , but war in games can certainly be fun, 
  haha well i do n't know , i guess i do n't agree on that either . 
  ro2 or arma are not your typical fuck yeah army games but are still fun . 
  that 's one example i could think of off top of my head, 
  wow . . just wow . . 
  i wo n't even bother , everything you said is just plain wrong . . 
   people like him would rather play cod or battlefield and be forcefed propaganda then deal with hard issues that are presented, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
  god you made me fucking rage by that sentence , if that was your intention , then good on you , you succeeded, 
  really ? 
  liking a war game is being a sociopath ? 
  alright bye , i 'll be blunt here, 
  you completely missed my point , to the point that you 're actually funny now , and i stopped raging at your previous post ( a stupid thing to do i know ), 
  next , i have never seen anyone spew such amount of bullshit in one comment , but that 's internet for you . 
  i could take your comment and laugh and make fun of every individual sentence , but no that would be too much work . 
  so yeah , you can fuck off and bye, 
  how is complaining about us government disrespectful to those died on 9/11 ? 
  you sound like a cool kid more than him tbh,
