  but perez, 
  whenever i watched him with arsenal he was really good at holding the ball and distributing , something like a false 9 , but yet again he had that poacher sense too , to be at the right place at the right time . 
  quite a complete forward, 
  quick , could dribble , his control inside the box was phenomenal and he could finish from everywhere inside the box . . 
  i do n't know if people remember but he was really quick , when i watch him these days i almost ca n't believe it 's the same guy, 
  i do n't know if you 're talking about cavani , but he tracks back really often and is involved in link up , he 's not really a pure poacher , that 's what i liked about him when i watched napoli in europe few years ago , he just fights constantly, 
  how is max kruse ? 
  was n't he supposed to be good , remember some talk about him last year, 
  interesting !, 
  i do n't watch psg , only odd game or two in champions league and by your talk he plays a way different role in psg . . 
  in napoli he was the main attacker , true # 9 , although if i recall they played 3-5-2 with him and lavezzi uprfont and hamsik behind them he was always involved with every attack and always looked dangerous, 
  thanks , that 's why i thought he could go to bayern , he can pass the ball and they like to keep possession/hold up, 
  freedom fighters lol, 
  turkey is secular , their ultras on the other hand i do n't know, 
  would love to play you lot, 
  we played mourinho 's porto in 2004 then cska next year when they won the uefa cup . . 
  he actually got us to the final , has 36 goals in epl and 18 in penalties, 
  then he does this, 
  is your star player djemba djemba ? 
  composed cunt at it again, 
  do us !, 
  sorry m8 , just needed to vent, 
  she has her own show , veep, 
  it bothers me every american here is yelling usa usa , i do n't think if it was germany or any other country people would give any meaning to * which country * charged them, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
  apart from the april 1st zlatan jokes , that was the worst thread i 've witnessed here in 4 years, 
  you got an villa crest and you 're shitting on gb ? 
  lol, 
  are you 12 honestly ? 
  is it too much to ask to not to be a obnoxious cunt ? 
  not much a high standard is it, 
   but did n't have the national team hype that hummels gets, 
  probably because he retired from the nt , but i do n't blame him , our fa is horrible, 
  after we failed to qualify for wc he said fuck it iirc, 
  good thing i do n't support a big team , so i 'm not affected by the collective hate they get lol, 
  this shit book country, 
  are n't you a liverpool fan and mod on their subreddit ? 
  oh wow i remember andrewsmith , he was one of the first ones , right ? 
  why do you want it in anglo speaking countries specifically ? 
  i like exotic locations/cultures to explore and research when wc is on , like when japan or south africa was hosting, 
  i had great results with this, 
  well you could also retrain dm 's to be wingbacks, 
  my only gripe with pes :(, 
  also i remember potato_in_my_anus or whatever was he called, 
  lol, 
  company is far from dead tho , look at everton kits for example, 
  i took a break from muddy co ownership deals at bari to manage blackburn , bringing the championship in my first season thanks to rhodes and his 30 odd goals . 
  he then proceeds to carry my team to epl title , with 36 goals in the league all while playing my retarded version of juventus diamond 4-1-3-2 or simeone 's 4-4-2 . . 
  i 'm basically atleti v2 , or stoke under pulis v3 . 
  all other coaches are constantly moaning how this italian businessman-now-coach is playing dirty football . 
  all i do is laugh at their face with my 1-0 results , although my team averaged 1 injured opposition player every match . 
  i think i single handedly caused sturridge walcott and quintero careers to go to shit . 
  them being made of glass did n't help either, 
  my team is made of coked up angry marathon runners , in other words players with 17-20 stamina , work rate , aggression and bravery , i constantly press defenders , hard tackle midfielders and straight up murder opposition attackers . 
  and it works because we won the epl 10ish points clear of 2nd ( who was norwich , yeh ), 
  so comes the cl draw , we get real , celtic and kuban . 
  great , we can top our group . 
  no we ca n't because club got took over and i got sacked ( i 'm not salty i swear ), 
  that was nice . 
  i took a nice vacation and around december 2017 napoli contacted me because they sacked mazzarri on his 2nd spell at the club . 
  i switch to 4231 due to 28 amc 's they amassed and try to emulate mourinho ( yeah i 'm a tactic plagiarist , you should 've seen my bielsa phase ), 
  higuain , albiol and suso are my spanish starlets , everyone else worth anything was sold.de laurentiis gave my 50 odd million to buy players in the winter , i proceed to buy illaramendi for 10 , bernard for 9 and murru for 7 million.straiht whealer dealer business . 
  jorginho is worth 25 mill , i refused arsenals 20mill bid because fuck you wenger , i still remember when you said blackburn overachieved by winning the title . 
  oh btw blackburn is 12th this season, 
  i 'm 4th in the serie a , sampdoria is 1st 8 points infront ( mihajlovic the new pep ), 
  now i 'm back to doing shady 48 month co ownership muddy deals again . 
  sepp blatter is my hero . 
  is de gea done deal ? 
  i got a reply `` get meme 'd '', 
  is that the one when someone claimed he 's not from america then typed out their anthem, 
  huh what was the top post ? 
  missed it, 
  i feel you , i used to post kits here a lot about 2 years ago , but i feel with 50 % more people now , no one would give a damn about it, 
  i hope you do n't really think he 's a dictator, 
   so they 're dead to me . 
  that 's a strong opinion to have about a publisher lol , mind explaining why ? 
  how crucial iturraspe and munian are for athletic ? 
  i know munian did n't really play that good this year, 
  why would you call a league `` bank '' ? 
  if it was n't for reddit you would n't know about it right ? 
  let other people watch , i do n't get your point : `` now that i saw the link to the stream lets take it down lads '', 
  i do n't know if you knew but that 's what he 's trained to do due to his medical condition iirc, 
  he will walk around the pitch and then do a high intensity run , then walk about again . 
  that 's what i like about him , he can go from picking his nose to scoring a goal in 10 seconds, 
   so the options are play for competitive club earning peanuts or earn massive wages playing for a shit club, 
  you 're forgetting the `` get paid shit wages at a shit club '' option ? 
  those 2 you listed make no sense anyway, 
  cheers, 
  http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/suitelife/images/4/4b/esteban_ramirez_ ( 1 ) . jpg, 
  here you go m8, 
  :( i 'm sorry , oviedo is reddit 's favorite , but do n't worry it 'll be better, 
  huh are you sure ? 
  all games on source ( 1 ) engine are ridiculously cpu bound , like every valve game , and their optimization is not the greatest, 
  they all run well because it 's an engine from 2004/5 that has been worked on since then constantly . . 
  but yeah , it 's not unoptimized either , but certainly not lightweight like the guy above said, 
  do continue, 
  mitrovic is anderlecht 's biggest signing ever , i doubt he 'll go cheap, 
  i also need to call me mum after this so hurry and get jonas on, 
  hehe, 
  mate you forgot guti,
