   cats are n't domesticated, 
  just like the 90s !, 
  they 're all fsb agents, 
  that run is a hole in your chest, 
  the granary is full me lord, 
  he streams on twitch regularly, 
  any examples ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about, 
  wow how did you come up with the courage to say this on reddit ? 
   a chechen man with georgian citizenship, 
   ukranian volunteer, 
  i 'm guessing you 're as stupid as him judging by your reply so i wo n't bother . 
   the victim , timur mahauri , was a chechen man with georgian citizenship, 
  why do you hate it, 
  why are you staying ? 
  lol, 
  ody stuff is just inside the regular 2 week cycle patches, 
  just like last year !, 
  16 years now, 
  i too , like my comments to read like they belong on liveleak, 
  we dont need 2 wiki bots cluttering the thread , mods please, 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
  its their fp they can do whatever they want, 
  stop playing with bots then , you 'll get used to their level of skill , you 're not helping yourself, 
  nice story, 
  thats the whole point of the item , the fuck, 
  ive seen pros build trans on swk on stream couple of times , tbh not the worst offender, 
  i love this subreddit, 
  i 'm sorry i just ca n't take you seriously, 
  you 'll just get your rewards slightly faster . 
  dno what 's so wrong about that, 
   shame his main years coincided with xavi and iniesta for spain otherwise he would have been a vital part of spains world cup title, 
  he did n't contend with them . 
  he played further up the pitch as a striker, 
  isco and bernat hardly played while mata silva and villa were there, 
  youngsters get european passports , ignoring syria forever, 
  you said open beta in your initial post . 
  not season 2, 
  it 's probably made by a high schooler so we ca n't relate, 
  what ? 
  it 's literally something a 13-14 year old would make, 
  they both have the same weapons and animations ( mostly ) . 
  and i mean literally . 
  someone is stealing from someone that 's for sure . 
  theres no like button on reddit, 
  rusted root - send me on my way, 
  because you 're so detached from the actual real life that any point you try to make comes off as a pretentious pile of shit . 
  i suggest you take some time and learn how to talk to people, 
  this sounds like asperger 's syndrome, 
  enjoy your sad life then !, 
   who says it is sad ? 
  your posts ? 
  take a good look at what you are typing every day on this subreddit and ask yourself would a happy person type it ? 
   `` people '' are the reason why i have to speak in the first place . 
  irrational , emotion-driven bags of meat which , save for a few exceptions , are worth nothing, 
  how is that not a sad persons view ? 
  i 'm serious i know a few people with it and they all sound like you online . 
  i mean literally, 
  it 's a apc, 
   anhurs ult can go through walls, 
  so can anubis ult . 
  anhur 's 2 ca n't go trough walls . 
  same as anubis wraps . 
  not really a good comparison, 
  what, 
  yes dushkas were used on russian tanks and trucks as aa guns in ww2, 
  you 're missing the point completely . 
  root as it self was n't the problem . 
  if you take a look at her kit as a whole then you 'll see why she was/is as strong as she is, 
  for example , mourinho was n't a good player , and look at him now . 
  it happened when i installed the newest ccc drivers . 
  at first the gpu would turn off with my pc still on , i could hear the system sounds , then after 2-3 days i started getting bsod 's on startup and i could n't access windows if not in safe mode . 
  i could boot into safe mode , uninstall drivers in device manager and boot regularly , but only on limited resolution . 
  i used driver sweeper etc , installed old drivers , same thing , bsod on startup when im supposed to see the welcome screen . 
  i just installed windows 8 , and big fucking surprise , it bsods on startup again !, 
  with default drivers !, 
  i 'm on my igp now which is really stable , but no idea if it 's gpu or psu related . 
  specs, 
  msi r5770, 
  4gb 1333 ddr3, 
  msi h61 p22 ( b3 ), 
  lc power 500h 500w psu ( some german brand , not really top quality , but not chinese offbrand either ), 
  due to his low mental stats i 've have him being tutored by scott parker ( high determination ) in hoping i can increase his work rate and team work . 
  if i fail to increase them could it work to convert him to a striker , something like a poacher ? 
  something like those threads on various fm forums , i wonder if anyone here would like one of those ? 
  so , since every season new regens appear in free agents category ( i assume , because it was like that in previous games ) there were always some good young regens at the start of the season that big clubs picked up if you were not fast enough . 
  now do they appear in 14 ? 
  oh , and you ca n't scout free agents with transfer network ? 
  there 's 150 + of them and i ca n't really manually scout every single one of them, 
  started a career with inter , after 4 games milito , zanetti , cambiasso , samuel and palacio declined 3 or 4 points , by the end of the season they will probably have 20 ovr ffs, 
  zanetti and cambiasso are retiring so its understandable , but milito and palacio ca n't just suddenly degrade like that . . 
  what 's the difference between ubuntu and ubuntugnome ( apart from the obvious ) , so it should n't matter on which one i get it right ? 
  ubuntu gnome 13.10 is using gnome 3.8 btw, 
  i got a really good youth player , with great stats for a striker , but he 's listed as cb/lb in game . 
  can i still use him ingame as striker without any penalties ? 
  what the title say , i think it 's on liveleak but ca n't find it at all !, 
  so i went on youth intake days for france and england , scouted bunch of players ( around 100 ) and not one of them is interesting in talks with me ( newcastle ) . 
  do n't remember seeing this in earlier updates , or it 's some new feature ? 
  so basically ben arfa won me the season with newcastle ( yay realism ),
