  lol please, 
  you do n't have any arrivals since the transfer window is not open yet, 
  ye we all laughed when he transfered abroad , he was suposed to be the worse of 2 scepovic brothers , but seems to be doing better atm . 
  he bagged 20 + goals in gijon last year, 
  ah ye , but i have a feeling op was asking about post ( this ) season frendlies , like sydney chelsea one , not pre ( next ) season cups/matches, 
  do you have a rich owner too ? 
  oh nice , good luck !, 
  great , installing it again, 
  there 's a limit how much you can upgrade a 10 year old engine , gamebyro needs to go imo, 
  those are somewhat an exception , source for example has always been relatively bug free ( as far i remember ) , while gamebyro drags same problems from oblivion days ( iirc it 's heavily modified morrowind engine too ? ), 
  ea sports for example switched to ignite engine and those game are out on annual basis . 
  yes it 's not a completely new engine compared to older fifas but it fundamentally changes the game plays . 
  why ca n't beth do the same ? 
  come one you red birds, 
  river ? 
  was he poty for man u that year ? 
  or in pl toty ? 
  something like that, 
  a sad sam ga i ozenila, 
  really ? 
  as a serbian this is the first time i hear about it . . what 's the explanation behind it ? 
  maybe they are anti-muslim and see our history as a endless crusade against islam ( heard that one before ) ? 
  forest has a transfer embargo ( that 's lifted now in real life ) due to ffp regulations . 
  their owner pumped some money and bought britt assomblablabla for 5mill quid, 
  lol reddit with its hyperbole, 
  14 mil ? 
  lol, 
  more than 1 definitely, 
   last season was a long time ago in the football world pal . 
  no it 's not lol , they were the better team 2 months ago , as they are now, 
  or that overused jokes are boring, 
  what ties does stoke have with usa ? 
  plenty of american players play/played at stoke , and orlando city being the sister club and all ? 
  i want enhanced gameplay , not visuals :(, 
  i ca n't stand any more of that stiff movement and shitty combat, 
  which they are technically , fo4 is using heavily modified gamebyro from 2005, 
  how is that different to load screens in any skyrim town ? 
  haha do you have any sources that beth/obsidian is using gamebyro because of the mods , rather than it 's their beloved in house engine and they ca n't / do n't have the time to make another better one ? 
  the core gameplay is arguably more shittier than the graphics then . 
  outdated animations , floaty movement , shit facial animations . . 
   but i 'm sure that power is going towards more important things, 
  like shit animations ? 
  after oblivion , fo3 , new vegas and skyrim and countless hours in all of them , gamebyro is one of the shittiest engines i 've ever worked in, 
  the background to the left looks in game , the detailed objects on the bench and everything else looks pretty rendered, 
   obsidian ( pillars of eternity ), 
  i think you 're forgetting a game . . 
  morrowind used the original gamebyro . 
  i used oblivion 's release date because it 's more closer to fo3 , nv , skyrim etc than morrowind is, 
  my mistake , for some reason i was under the impression it was made/owned by beth . 
  any way it 's the same engine used in skyrim , if you made any mods or just played the game enough you would see that for yourself . 
  it 's just modified enough to warrant a new name . 
  it still runs the same it did when oblivion came around , uses the same files , and has same console commands, 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  did you watch the trailer ? 
  the graphics , animations all look like gamebyro , and given beth 's love for the engine , it 's not really outlandish to suggest that it 's improved gamebyro ( the lighting for example ), 
  well it takes money and time to make a new engine from scratch . 
  although beth has both of those and i would like a new engine more than anything i can understand their unwillingness to switch to something else . 
  also gamebyro is incredibly mod friendly, 
  i 'm not saying it does n't work , it just has flaws . 
  like incredibly bad animations , facial expressions , floaty movement , it could n't handle more than 2gb of ram too , if you remember there were mods to handle that . 
  it works yet it 's incredibly buggy in it core . 
  all of their major releases had bugs that took 2-3 patches to fix , despite engine debuting in 2001 or 2002 as original gamebyro . . 
  it 's similar how iw used their iw engine or whatever it 's called for call of duty , with one exception and that being it 's actually well optimized , with tight controls and smooth animations ( for it 's time ), 
  beth on the other hand uses much of their previous code in all their games and there are no fundamental changes on how game files behave going from one game to another . 
  that 's why there were mods in first days of release of nv and skyrim . 
  they reuse assets heavily . 
  even the console commands are not changed from oblivion to skyrim . 
  do n't get me wrong i love those games i just do n't want to blindly praise them , but i get where are they coming from with reusing it, 
  i 'm not saying it 's the same identical engine . 
  it 's obviously gamebyro heavily customized by bgs and renamed creation . 
  obviously it 's far cry from netimmerse days of morrowind , but at the core it works the same , and that was my point about mods, 
  i 'd like to expand also that console commands and animations are not a sure sign it 's a same engine obviously , because havok take cares of animations and console commands could be just bgs 's , but file structures , . nif 's used for models are all the same from morrowind up to skyrim , and i think that says a bit . 
  i feel like i 'm repeating myself too much here . . 
  i know how they work , and i 'm talking about animations and such because it 's all i can gather from this trailer , look at the dog and running animations , same as fo3 . 
  which is bgs version of gamebyro they licensed at core , plus their rewrites of the code . 
  i just over simplified things, 
   it is far more believable ( and likely ) that bethesda is using some version of the creation engine, 
  which is exactly what i 'm saying . . 
  creation is rebranded gamebyro at core , with large chunks of it rewriten by bgs for use on skyrim, 
  how many lines exactly did he record for all fallout games ? 
  they have the money, 
  they had one of the biggest net spending untill a few years ago , but unfortunately not on quality players . . that seems to be changed now . 
  they do n't own their stadium tho , they are renting it from the city so i do n't know why would they rather buy players instead of focusing on getting their own stadium, 
  what 's wrong with bonera-mexes pairing m8 ? 
  i stand corrected then , someone told me a while ago that you still did n't buy it off , guess he was wrong, 
  what if hes an alcoholic, 
  the moment i saw the running animations i knew the game 's gon na have those load screens at every door , ladder and city, 
   movement and combat, 
  is that considered visual polish ? 
  mate i 'll have you know certain muntari is available, 
  im not sure he was on those wages at man u either, 
  he was on 30k/pw at united , do n't know who paid how much during the loan tho, 
  no idea . . 
  they insist on using something they 're familiar with and just upgrade it year after year . . 
  although they have to switch to something else eventually . . 
  this engine at its core is used since morrowind in 2001, 
  what 's so funny about sulley ? 
  not my fault mancini ca n't see what mou saw when he signed him, 
  never seen him play at portsmouth , inter or sunderland , so ca n't comment really . 
  seen him play at milan tho and he 's like makelele 's long lost son,
