  okay now this makes us sound like we 're in africa, 
   many girls have to work in the sex trade to be able to live, 
  lol god where did you get this from, 
  you co n't compare the average age with individual peak average lol, 
  in 3 years , everyone in that squad will be over 30 , except mangala . 
  how is that not too old ? 
  i love the fact that you went out of your way just to prove him wrong and talk about politics on a football sub, 
  love the balkans, 
  yeah well napoli have de laurentiis , you ca n't top that, 
  are you from serbia ? 
  i am and that is just a straight misinformation, 
  the students not having job is true tho, 
  i 'm guessing you 're gon na continue modding on fo4 then ? 
  btw i remember using your skins in 2007 ( ? ), 
  i think in cs : s , what 's the first game you made skins for ? 
  lol at bas dost , i can see him going to a mid tier epl club for max 10mill euros , and that 's his true value i reckon, 
  yeah but terry actually took the penalty , silva could n't do it, 
  how is that relevant to anything, 
  sign pierre boya and taribo west on a 4 year contract too while you 're at it, 
  nolan wears 4 for west ham, 
  did they got there after ww2 ? 
  i am ignorant about germany/argentina relations , except that lot 's of nazis allegedly fled there after the war, 
  stand in front of the tank ? 
  what could go wrong, 
  maybe if you expanded yours, 
  it 's wislareal m8, 
  fan favorite at lazio iirc , then forced a move to inter while crying to the fans how he does n't want to go lol, 
  no idea what that was about, 
  doubt anyone would let go of young striker with potential for 5mill, 
  glad 101greatgoals was there to shed some light on this, 
  this guy is actually in london tho , he apparently did a medical at stoke too, 
  you just repeated what he said, 
  did n't he play wing back for dutch at the last wc , that link up with rvp, 
  where did coloccini play before cb ? 
  still plays occasionally, 
  yep , my dad took me to watch partizan-real madrid in cl , now we 're playing dila gori from georgia, 
  wanted to ask any monaco fans what are their thoughts on this transfer , but i 'll take your word on it, 
  i thought he was supposed to be the next big thing along with carrasco , clearly i was wrong, 
  lol, 
  i do n't get how do you have \u010d but not \u0107 lol , it 's vidi\u0107, 
  guys , after ~ 10 years of following epl as a neutral i think i found my team to support next season, 
  so i got that going for me, 
  ah yes the trippier alderweireld vertonghen ajax trio, 
  there 's also danilo the dm from braga too right ? 
  so many danilos, 
  is boilesen any good ? 
  thought heitinga could play centrally with him at lb, 
  how is that comparable to anything , if it was a regular league with relegation they would be relegated and he would most likely been sacked, 
  please hurry my wife and kids just got murdered by an angry mob, 
  lol i always see you going against the / r/soccer like some sort of martyr and voice of reason , so funny, 
  you should calm down, 
  i 'm guessing you 're too young to know , it 's from 1994, 
   because they raise all of their talent, 
  they absolutely do n't , they poach small teams like everybody else, 
  how is almodovar rated in spain ? 
  are his films considered mainstream dramas , overrated etc. . ? 
  i love them all, 
  he 's not hg in england, 
  nah , maybe for you as an american, 
  ... it 's wwc mate, 
  i have other questions, 
  do n't you hate when you 're right all the time, 
  those fucking europeans not respecting our great women football culture, 
  they use the same engine and share the same problems , i do n't see how it 's different if obsidian or bgs made it , they use the same stuff, 
  the game is literally called fallout 4 ? 
  not until goodwill hapiness kunachwe jr from nairobi welcomes him on manunited fb page, 
  nice try ebbsfleet united scout, 
  do your job , do n't expect us to do it for you, 
  man i love fm so much, 
  any team you can imagine is in there , or in a custom database, 
  i lead my local 4th tier serbian team to champions league too, 
  kennedy wembley and nathan, 
  chelsea 's future front 3, 
  by who , americans who follow women 's football ? 
  never seen it mentioned anywhere except this sub, 
  vietto is not on the same level as those 2 and would n't start at top four in epl imo, 
  i do n't think anyone cares about hull city, 
  sounds like you have some other issues , not specifically with big cities, 
  who 's `` we '' you 're talking about ? 
  i love how one guy just randomly said `` usa is a police state '' and walked away, 
  to be exact he put target on the map, 
  starting from the most recent one , januzaj from anderlecht, 
  i did n't say anyone is , did i ? 
  huh , i 'm serious , not trying to insult you, 
  if you 're gon na go around being paranoid about something happening to you because you live in a big city , what 's the point of living then, 
  he just said there 's no leagues, 
  how is he spewing bullshit ? 
  he does n't own arsenal anything , he 's right, 
  not really , monaco played in the ucl final in 2004 and were n't really a small club in france, 
  do you like me, 
  youngest psg captain , or youngest captain in ligue 1 , one of those two definitely, 
  hey mind asking why are you supporting red star , and/or liverpool ? 
  i get it you 're not serbian eh ? 
  izvinite jel moze platiti with euro ? 
  i 'm not really smart so it could be, 
  atleti, 
  when did fergie sign a 30 year old , apart from rvp who was 29 i think ? 
  ah ye you 're right , still is n't really a classic fergie signing, 
  they probably have more than marseille lyon and psv combined, 
  i think he was having financial problems because of his divorce,
