  why are you comparing trench life to bomb raids in ww2 ? 
  yes ? 
  where do you see them `` intentionally '' capsize their own boat ? 
  can we get a source on that ? 
  other than fucking liveleak ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious, 
  with his wife dead ? 
  and the cat was the only thing he had left ? 
  dude , listen to this : you 're 16 . 
  you have how many years left ? 
  given that you do n't get hit by a truck or something . 
  and first bad thing that happens to you , you want to end it all ? 
  just give up ? 
  at the very beginning of your life ? 
  that 's not what you want to do mate , quit while you 're not even started . 
  go finish uni , do awesome stuff , you have plenty of time left to do awesome stuff . 
  and no , you wo n't be in pain forever . 
  trust me we were all there , found `` the perfect one '' but if it ended like it did , she obviously was n't the perfect one . 
  and that 's fine . 
  yeh it 's shitty and you break down and cry but that 's part of life . 
  and you 're gon na get over it . 
  maybe in a month , maybe a year , or 5 ? 
  but still you will and that 's a fact . 
  you 're gon na get busy with something else , life will get in the way , but you 'll actually forget about it !, 
  is n't that grand ? 
  ask yourself : what would random people think reading your story ? 
  wow that dumb kid killed himself because of a girl that he liked blocked him on facebook ? 
  obviously not the whole story but just think about that side of what you 're trying to do . 
  i trust you will do the smart thing . 
  and that 's to be strong , move on with your life stronger than before with that experience under your belt . 
  lmao, 
  then do n't play it ? 
  if you really want to go dmg with him , go with quins instead of exe . 
  either way that build is shit for solo , if you go by your order, 
  solo is almost always based on situational building anyway , but i dont remember seeing exe on ravana at all . 
  even in spl both exe and quins arent built that often in favor of cookie cutter builds like , bov , boh , winged , frost , discord/spirit etc, 
  looks like the ai is nonexistent, 
  whats your second point ? 
  what ? 
  they would n't be . 
  there 's plenty of nike shoes that are ugly and are ignored, 
  you do n't understand lol . 
  you said the slow sucks . 
  but the item does n't slow, 
  what are you talking about, 
  is this actually happening ? 
  it 's in china lake , ca not in vietnam, 
  they were n't `` kinda shit '' back in ww2, 
  well he deleted the comment after saying how dumb i am for not getting the passive lol, 
  no i just noticed majority of my comments here are negative , but they 're just jokes , might come off wrong to someone, 
  that 's how your post reads too, 
  not the person that you 're asking , but i 'd say project reality ( for distant sounds ) , battlefield bc2 and upwards , and if we 're counting mod then those for arma/2/3 ( jsrs etc ), 
   that 's only jeans my man . 
  same jeans and shoes is what i wear literally every day , so for me it 's worth it tbh, 
  that 's because you play seige, 
  how can you say it as a fact that conq is the most toxic gamemode , when you said that you rarely play it . 
  so how exactly do you know that ? 
  damn 2016 mustve been bleak for you then, 
  is this satire ? 
  you were a constant user of yt ? 
  like constantly watching videos ? 
  because everyone does that . 
  or you mean comment ? 
  because that 's stupid . 
  what normal person comments on youtube seriously . 
  thuey 're not even comparable sites , and no majority of people here are not intelligent, 
  you 're the insufferable one, 
  why ? 
  he did aim and he did hit him , but too early while aegis was still up . 
  how hard is that to comprehend ? 
  majority of people on this sub are like him sadly . 
  i 've nothing but negative experiences when trying to talk about actual game play tactics and meta , rather than skins , vp 's and shitty art . 
  people just do n't know what they 're talking about but insist on voicing their opinion like facts, 
  who 's we ? 
  build tips are always welcome, 
  they gave as and pen before they nerfed them ( then buffed them again ), 
  they used to, 
  huh , imo it 's easy to see when someone has ccr , so many times ive seen someone and went `` that stun lasted so short '' , then i see they have spirit robe or something, 
  why do you have stone cutting sword in your custom build, 
  is that your fantasy scenario where sol is that good or what, 
  nitpick : smite is in unreal engine too !, 
  naw mate it 's good , we all know what you meant i just wanted to be a dick and correct someone, 
  do n't remember when i last saw her played in the pro scene . 
  i wonder why is she not in the meta if she 's not that bad tho, 
  well that 's the problem imo . 
  that escape is not good at all . 
  majority of other hunters have that fuck it im out escape , she has to have a clear line out, 
   these mines were attached to parachutes to act as blast bombs ; when detonated at roof level rather than on impact the aerodynamic effects of their blast were maximised . 
  instead of the shock waves from the explosion being cushioned by surrounding buildings , they could reach a wider area , with the potential to destroy a whole street of houses in a 110 yd ( 100 m ) radius and windows being blown in up to a mile away . 
  lol, 
  i 'm guessing he thinks the awesome product made itself, 
  yep it 's all polished now iirc, 
  hahaha, 
  why are there russian cluster bombs in iraq ? 
  ah thanks !, 
  always forget their stuff is everywhere in the world !, 
  what, 
  no you didnt, 
  you 're clueless, 
  literally everything youve said is wrong and id rather not quote each paragraph like a douche,
