  i thought morata played well against bayern, 
  lol, 
  guess it 's time to adapt and use a different god and get to masters again !, 
  tbh its 70lbs of coke, 
  wow the amount of entitlement , you already got free gems , just because they fucked up and left a setting on does n't mean you are entitled to even more because of their mistake, 
  and stop spamming those emotes it does n't even make sense, 
  i 've got an unused code if anyone wants it, 
   replace `` spoiled kids '' in your argument with `` shooting up schools '', 
  or do n't . 
  because you ca n't without looking like a retard with that argument, 
  iirc this is n't american artillery/airstrike, 
  he 's playing on a console too , not like there 's much advantage because he can aim with kb+m, 
  what a load of bullshit lol , having the god pack does n't make you instantly better, 
  then the pack is not for them, 
  lol no need to apologize m8 !, 
  i was just giving my opinion, 
  but it 's majestic, 
  i do n't know but we obviously have very different experiences , because every thread here about the new homefront was positive , and gameplay looks really solid, 
  huh ? 
  i was taught in school they did some nasty stuff too ( i 'm serbian ), 
  jason iirc, 
  that 's literally the way it is with every god/his counter, 
  lol he 's 16, 
  where did i say it 's an argument to protect him ? 
  it 's just funny , a kid insults someone on the internet and gets a ban . 
  like it 's something new, 
  what a load of bs , have fun trying to go rage/db in 15minute arena match , chances are you wo n't have the time to finish both crits, 
  that 's because there 's a thing called double standards, 
  that 's to indicate kali 's favorite person in the match, 
  that 's from december, 
   i feel like this kind of game does not really benefit a ton from a huge playspace, 
  it 's literally a sniper game , that 's the exactly the thing it needs, 
  i shot one hiding in the bushes on my farm last week, 
  lmao what, 
  ryan gosling at the end there haha, 
  i got sobek high seas ;d, 
  of course i do , why does n't hirez fix the incomplete vp tho, 
  nope it 's still lester, 
  we all hope so tbh, 
  i 'm wondering why did they ship it unfinished, 
  it 's the last 15 minutes or so, 
  you do n't have to , it 's your choice if you wan na play shit you do n't like for an icon, 
  what , no attack speed othat than ichi and ninja tabi ? 
  so i 'm guessing you would n't be using this on anhur , speed at lvl 20 is at 1.68 with that build, 
  lol really ? 
  i did n't think anyone loved shakhtar outside of the city , they 're a rich oil club , the type people on this sub hate, 
  i do n't care about the circlejerk , if there 's any , the do deserve simpathy for what their city and country is going trough . 
  coal , steel , whatever . 
  the point stands that their owner is one of the richest people in ukraine, 
  never said it 's wrong m8 , just weird to see it here , where people hate on `` rich '' clubs, 
   spent a lot of time watching, 
  lol the entitlement, 
  ok m8 whatever you say, 
  this subreddit 's been the same, 
  they donated money to a guy who has cancer , how fucking stupid and hyperbolic is internet, 
  how about delph ? 
  why would you not play ? 
  you do n't lose anything, 
  wow the negativity here is so sad, 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're trying to acomplish with this . 
  smite 's population is as small as it is , queuing solo q 's with other solo q 's would only divide it even more and you would have 10min queues most likely, 
  i agree , but i hate that guy 's tone and all the negativity he 's projecting, 
  iirc you could n't 5man queue into conquest few years ago , correct me if i 'm wrong , there was a separate premade queue, 
  you mean like usa is ? 
  that 's a nice hi power there, 
  he 's the one talking about the whole continent, 
   anyone else thinks europe, 
  it 's his quote m8 ,, 
   anyone else thinks europe would be really fucked up if they would have legal guns ? 
  i 'm not really serious either , idk why i 'm bothering posting about stuff i 've got no interest in, 
  did n't even know they were in l1 , felt like yesterday they won the fa cup and played in pl lol, 
  also you ca n't have platforms for floors , when you divide it you 'll need to make it solid wood, 
  go quins and executioner/obow trust me bro, 
  then you miss your 1 and die horribly in 2 seconds, 
  ca n't you redeem the chest then open them after the patch ? 
  lol what , why ? 
  not like he 's the one who makes financial decisions for rangers, 
  ah then carry on and accept your failure, 
  atletico played the same style with falcao and aguero , yet they scored heaps , it 's not the style , it 's the striker m8, 
  what , the stadium ? 
  he went to roma , then to newcastle on loan, 
  shit you 're right i took a look at his wiki and he went on loan to cska from roma , then to newcastle lol, 
  i 've played like 2hours of jungle practice mastering the aa canceling and comboing his hit yet i do n't have a god pack or 11k favor to buy this guy , feelsbad, 
  huh ? 
  i messed around for 2hours , it 's not really that hard to aa cancel with him , he 's just so fun to play, 
  not trying to be insensitive but how does anything he did affects you and your freedom to sit outside ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious about your opinion, 
  one of the worst posts on this subreddit, 
  adidas template connection more like but yeh, 
  lol, 
  mate give it a rest , that guy just ca n't stop talking , every single point of his can be summed with `` i ca n't separate fiction from reality '', 
   since 1945 , all the way up to 2016 , none of the worlds top 25 economies have waged war against any of the others ;, 
  did n't us fought the chinese in north korea ? 
   thoroughly bad dudes like tito , ceausescu , and pol pot are often forgotten from the collective memory, 
  i do n't know how can you put someone like caucescu who was fucking shot behind a building because people were so fed up with him or the leader of khmer rouge with tito , whose funeral was largest state funeral in history at the time and a really popular figure in yugoslavia , was in no context a bad guy, 
  lol, 
   you do n't want those people 's lives to go unmentioned . 
  you already do every day . 
  people die there every day , just because they were real supporters does n't mean they warrant special treatment in the media or general, 
   his last job was real madrid , for fuck 's sake,
