  ol , om , lille and similar clubs in france would n't let their player negotiate , while 2nd tier ones would, 
  same in epl , i ca n't poach arsenal or southampton youth , but crewe players are open to negotiation, 
  i can offer and clubs often accept it , but players are not open for negotation, 
  it 's obviously 15, 
  3 times his hand with 5 fingers = 15, 
  heh , he 's already 29 and my board want me to focus on youth . . 
  i need someone in that n10 position , used to play cabaye like a dlp . 
  lallana is really cheap , around 5mill because southampton got relegated ( prowse , jay rodriguez , lovren and clyne all left ) , but he 's still nowhere good as ben arfa, 
  real madrid are really desperate to buy him , they come every week with some shitty 30mill over 12 months offer , i countered 40mill upfront and they agreed , but i do n't think i can replace him atm , i do n't really need to sell , my board gave me a nice 25mill budget and i want to build my team around him ( bought grenier and benteke ), 
  hm , question, 
  how is it fun to play in l1 with a team miles better than anyone there ? 
  same with championship to some extent, 
  maybe it was an exit wound, 
  it 's about city, 
  gone for 500k ( ! ), 
  to sevilla :(, 
  they sold him to leverkusen with a buy back clause of 6.5 mil, 
  i 'm not even amazed, 
  obviously professional soccer status = any girl in world you want, 
  i wonder how much he earns ? 
  i love the `` godzilla '' one in japan, 
  water is not blood, 
  teams operate different than fans, 
  all those years and you still play with generic crest, 
  but it bothers me !, 
  i 'm sure it 's that, 
  why should they mention it ? 
   generally speaking, 
  i 'm guessing you 're talking about the new most wanted ? 
  it 's supposedly in the near future , so i doubt it 'll have kesha, 
  probably some generic dubstep and some oldies from the 60 's, 
  try using the gtn and sign some players that do n't have 85 + potential and everyone recommending them, 
  the game is more fun if you actually try and seek players by yourself instead of going to sofifa or asking for them here, 
  haha theres something funny about `` danish milanista '', 
  i 'm imagining a danish guy going around and saying `` yeah , i 'm pretty milanista myself '', 
  that zola goal, 
  lol, 
  i would like them to get sergi roberto on loan ( he has a # 16.5 million release clause too , but i do n't know if swansea has that kind of money ), 
  yes we watched the video, 
  arsenal to go down next year, 
  i really doubt it , it looks like it hit the ammo dump of the tank due to fiery explosion . 
  an rpg round to a car would not cause such an explosion, 
  people cba installing additional software it seems, 
  speaking of sound it 's really a great atmosphere on the stadium, 
  hehe, 
  he 's bashing terry , not chelsea, 
  really, 
  as a eagle i eat magpies, 
  okay seriously have you never heard of istanbul ? 
  great american humour there, 
  he 's not a cdm, 
  he was played there by moyes but that 's definitely not his natural position, 
  almost 3 eriksens, 
  is he saying run about ? 
  he 's still shit at manu , it does n't change that, 
  i like `` run about '' more so i 'll believe my version, 
  that 's just normal romanian 15year old, 
  i do n't see anyone getting worked up over it ? 
  they are so deep in conversation too, 
  celtic is a good beginners club . 
  you have league domination and almost guaranteed euro football every year, 
  on my 3rd season as feyenoord the board let me pick a team , if you 're 8 seasons in could n't you do it too ? 
  use a lower div italian team and use fmrte/fmle editor and give yourself big money ( mafia supported obviously ) and do shady deals , fix matches and fuck over your players constantly , buy players for 0 $ now and 100k over 3 years and sell them double the price and then do n't play those 100k and of course do n't reinvest in new players . 
  buy luca toni and di natale ( or better yet do some p/x with 20 $ over 5 years payment ) and play them for 10 more seasons on 200e/pm, 
  for example lose matches on purpose ( like italy yesterday to fuck over england jk ), 
  generally be italian and get those point deductions like they always do, 
  i 've never seen anyone here in serbia squatting like that, 
  hagigi the mvp for iran easily, 
  is this a thing ? 
  do people top ice cream with sugar ? 
  now this is shitty food as opposed to fucking bacon sandwiches, 
  the beauty of the game, 
  that 's a m4 by the looks of it and they were usually engaging enemies at 300-400m so they would n't hear it from that distance . 
  also they were more muzzle flash hiders than sound mufflers, 
  on a side note , does anyone know if there are us special forces doing stuff in iraq atm ? 
  i know it would be confidential but any thoughts ? 
  i find the iron sights best on it, 
  i 've tried the new acog and it feels horrible and i have some mouse accel on it, 
  there 's a difference between common sense and realism, 
  aa12 with drum mag pls, 
  on vlads they are across the road while you 're in the safe room, 
  i do n't see your point , this ad is internet only, 
  what 's the skin , it 's so smooth, 
  308 is useless now that we have snipers , especially the first one , it has good rof , more ammo and armor piercing bullets , opposed to m308, 
  i want a game at least, 
  are there any ? 
  i love lovely crafted worlds, 
  ugh i 'm on pc , but thanks for the suggestion , it does look strangely like this picture, 
  i think they have them in ligue 1 in 14, 
  monaco was and is a big club, 
  uhm why would they remaster it ? 
  am i missing something , these games are fairly good looking, 
  e : found it, 
   for metro 2033 redux , metro 2033 has been rebuilt using the newest version of the powerful 4a engine , last seen in action in metro : last light . 
  that means advanced lighting , dynamic weather , higher detail for characters with improved animation , more dynamic destruction , and improved smoke , fire , and particle effect . 
   metro : last light redux has also received a upgrade , including new melee animations and the fan-requested ` check watch ' and ` check inventory ' features . 
  all previously released metro : last light dlc will be included in this redux version . 
   new ways to play, 
   both redux versions will now feature two modes of play : ` survival ' and ` spartan ' . 
  survival lets you play either game in metro 2033 's more survival-horror oriented style , with deadlier enemies , slower reloading , and more limited resources .
