  ye i remember threads here asking what country will he pick , because he was eligible for albania , kosovo , serbia and belgium iirc, 
  thank you police for my home , you 're right !, 
  i think it 's 20 % or 10 % percentage of next sale . 
  maguire had one too so sheff utd are really racking it in this window lol, 
  they should get maicon for another ride, 
  i 'd just close the club and run away with that money, 
  iirc theres no matchmaking in motd . 
  once i got paired with lvl 10-20 , the other match it was some dig members and master players . 
  it was that joust hyper 5on5, 
  is n't lucas a anchor man , while biglia is more of a deep lying mid a la pirlo ? 
  or i got it all wrong, 
  are you actually serious ? 
  every single streamer swears , what does that have to do with spl ? 
  my potato pentium g3220 with intel hd is getting 50-60fps all low in dx11 at 1440x900 , while on live i have 35-50, 
  tested in assault arena and conq and the fps is consistent across the maps . 
  oh and new siege too, 
  he does if you build anti heal, 
  she did n't gank she held his hand so he would n't die to creeps at lvl 1, 
  this update on steam required 9gigs free, 
  i got a ~ 20fps increase on my g3220 and intel hd igp on dx11, 
  so hows the kitchen family ? 
   ah that 'll be # 20 but not it 's # 40 +, 
  why dont you play it on pc ? 
  ah , fair enough !, 
   @ 1:45 is that demarai gray ? 
  lol, 
  ehm , dm ? 
  he was seriously op , ran him in jungle support and solo constantly untill the nerfs lol, 
  france did n't `` just surrender '' . 
  after capitulation they still had forces in africa and later coming in during overlord with the british . 
  paris did n't need saving because they agreed not to shell it if they surrender . 
  i doubt warsaw had the same luxury, 
  he 's still the go to solo if you want to learn anything useful . 
  with deathwalker streaming consistently now that might change , but he was talking about non pros, 
  why ? 
  because u/wwdaddy personally spent the money ? 
  this guy lol . . 
  it 's third person . 
  there 's no creeps and you fight to cap points not destroy towers . 
  it 's closer to ow/paladins than smite/lol, 
  that does n't mean anything , they 're a championship side, 
  that 's why they are in the imgur gallery, 
  seriously what 's the thought process of calling a club ac ? 
  i mean i 'd never call ca osasuna `` ca '' . 
  is n't it basic knowledge that fc/cf/ca are just acronyms ? 
  fellaini is shit defensively, 
  leader of the communist resistance in yugoslavia during ww2 ( partisans ) , later becoming the sole leader of the country until his death in ' 80 . 
  was in the `` non aligned league/movement '' or whatever it was called , with nasser , gaddafi and haile selassie among others i think ? 
  this is all on top of my head do n't quote me . 
  soon after his death the country collapsed . 
  feel free to ask me more , i 'm serbian and i 'll use actual sources if you want to read up, 
  it 's literally the same as calling liverpool `` f.c. '', 
   real to real madrid , atletico to atletico madrid, 
  but it 's not tho !, 
  it 's real madrid cf. 
  calling milan `` ac '' is like calling real `` cf '' . 
  hope you get me !, 
  i want to add that while i get now why would anyone call it `` ac '' , imo they already have a nickname which is milan or milano . 
  everywhere i 've went it 's the same , inter and milan . 
  there'es no ac . 
  it seems like it 's one of those fifa nicknames developed recently, 
  what are you trying to prove here ? 
  you call them inter and milan , at least in the majority of the world . 
  you do n't call roma `` as '' etc, 
  haha where 've you lived in france mate ? 
  hm how old are you ? 
  i 'm very curious about this since this is my first time seeing milan called `` ac '' . 
  i thought it 's a reddit thing . 
  it really does read like something a very ignorant person would say does it . 
  i rarely come across these kinds of posts since they 're usually downvoted for being absolute shit, 
  no , you use milan and inter to differentiate . 
  it 's always been like that . 
  ask literally every football fan in europe, 
  so is barcelona , what 's your point ffs, 
  well note that i 'm not saying it 's wrong to call them ac . 
  it 's a nickname , there 's no right or wrong there . 
  it 's not really a big deal but people tend to get worked up over it here lol, 
  probably because milan was the first club in , well milan, 
  around 500-600 as far as i can tell, 
  it does, 
  there is a known delay after you dash with you 1 you ca n't taunt immediately . 
  just put it on instant and spam 2 . 
  i often spam laugh with rama because it 's the best laugh in the game , and then i find out people in lobby saying whos laughing now rama . 
  like do n't take it personally i just love rama laugh jesus, 
  is using ki for kilos an american thing ? 
  it 's his helmet, 
  it 's a badass thing to do . 
  you 're not a real man if you do n't wear your helmet on the shoulder, 
  i mean ki instead of kg, 
  he is not, 
  that 's a young squid actually . 
  12ft long , called heck . 
  filmed in japan, 
  intel hd is the integrated gpu in the cpu  the cpu cooler is cool , at 35c, 
  it 's not !, 
  it 's my shitty pc from i sold my gpu because i did n't play any games . 
  i would be okay with not playing this game because i 'm on a igp but it bothers me because it runs so smooth when it 's not crashing lol, 
  did n't know people care about god win rate and k/d lol, 
  except the slaves get paid millions . 
  he attac but he also die,
