  i know thats why it was funny to me when he said that, 
   spoiler , i have no idea what this is from , and have only seen it on reddit, 
  * -90 % of the people making jokes on reddit *, 
  you could try at home first, 
  so the canadian sun is the same as the english one ? 
  i just checked and they are not the same company, 
  how do i goalkeep, 
  [ removed ], 
  i miss the uefa cup , it had a better sound to it , compared to europa league, 
  were kovacic and kuzmanovic really that necessary over another striker to buy ? 
  what do you have to know about image macros ? 
  way to ruin the moment, 
  why are athletes and actors assholes ? 
  but deep inside you know you are a fake , and that you only look older, 
  ah so you too beat up your girlfriend after a shitty day at job, 
  wow this is a new take on those shitty `` laughed more than i should have '' comments, 
  that 's gds then, 
  maybe / u/vew humped him, 
  i honestly think every dog knows the sound of its owner car, 
  w. . what, 
  i could never force myself to wear a kit casually , only when playing footy or such . 
  i could see myself wearing this plain white with no sponsor rm shirt tho, 
  great stuff , and you included some , atleast for me , must have mods like diplomacy and freelancer . 
  just one question because i wont be able to install it untill later today , did you include any sound mods ? 
  i ca n't stand the vanilla battle sounds , after playing 1247 and brytenwallda with their metal and impact effects , the vanilla sounds like you are hitting people with a wooden stick . 
  by the way you sound really stupid and i 'm laughing at you , and i love it, 
  question for the op : i do n't get how do you have time and will to do this . 
  looking at your `` in depth run down '' on subredditdrama ( ! ), 
  i ca n't really comprehend that people make these big posts about other people being dicks or wrong on the internet , devote their time to make threads where they point out stuff that people say , etc. . 
  it 's maybe because i do n't take this site so seriously ? 
  or people just have so much free time ? 
  what does sound bitter in, 
   good repost !, 
  to you ? 
  hehe windows xp, 
  that 's not really a protip, 
  who gives a fuck , this is not a thread to discuss if they did it or did not . 
  yes you are entitled to your opinion but most likely no one gives a fuck about it except you , so you can make a thread somewhere in those conspiracy subreddits and talk about it forever . 
  i 'm pretty sure people would be able to sit behind computers even if they did n't go to war, 
  dude you obviously care what people think of your opinion , you 're posting it all over the thread , if you actually did n't care , you would n't even post it and insult everyone who disagree with you . 
  according to transfermarket ( http://www.transfermarkt.co.uk/en/aston-villa/kader/verein_405.html ), 
  average age : 25,8 years, 
  and really depressed, 
  it 's 2076 , anything can happen, 
  ca n't anyone spell you 're ? 
  is joke, 
  care to explain why ? 
  yeah , they sure fucked with this cat . . 
  holy shit every fucking video someone thinks he 's a comedy genius by saying snackbar amirite guys, 
  they probably do n't care that someone do n't like their comments, 
  are you the internet police ? 
  how many comments can you make in one thread, 
  never, 
  it does n't mean it caused offence , some people might think it 's a stupid idea , i do n't know . . 
  ah the old `` generic reddit comment # 13 '', 
  what ... no . . 
  hahaha, 
  mate i did n't say i do n't like it , i just suggested that there 's not only one reason people downvoted this, 
  for the interested, 
  it 's the first fucking rule , holy shit, 
   ** real names and usernames must be blurred or colored out . 
  remember to censor names on facebook . 
  well that 's subjective , i did n't find it cringe at all , more like funny, 
   facebook is full of idiots , everyone on reddit is nice and enjoy conversations, 
  haha , nothing is black and white like that , also, 
   facebook sucks and everyone knows it . 
  yes with over billion users , it 's sucks so hard . . 
   i dont care about the stupid shit my friends and family do throughout the day, 
  then do n't use it ? 
  i do n't get your comment at all , or get better friends that are n't retards, 
  he probably plans on mugging you , i mean that 's what he said to us, 
  no he did n't , get your facts straight , instead of linking to tmz , it even says in the article, 
   ` truly inspiring to be able to come here . 
  anne was a great girl . 
  hopefully she would have been a belieber . ' '', 
  stop opressing me, 
  no fuck off, 
  why ? 
  yeah the whole 15 minutes of underground, 
  care to expand what you did n't like in the shooting mechanic ? 
  i completed the game like 3 times i think , i just wanted to hear his thoughts why did the mechanics ruin the game for him , i never had any problems with them, 
  give it a few weeks, 
  if you really cared about him and hoped he 'd survive you would n't complain about 5 downvotes, 
  ah the light weight socom ii rifle with a silencer and scope , often found in post war dc ... 
  got ta love people who add those new `` tacticool '' weapons to games like this , but to each its own i guess , it 's an rpg after all, 
  i know where you could 've spent that time better, 
  no , they should ban everything with marathon , boom , boston , fox , news , bomber , attack , shoot , red , blu , soldier, 
  well usually at parties we do n't talk about fallout mods and weapons , so yeah . . i guess i am fun, 
  what are the other ones, 
  the ones where we do n't talk about fallout apparently, 
  your, 
  hahaha something needed to be said seriously , and you made a image macro on adviceanimals, 
  how old are you , 14 ? 
  are you feeling upset, 
  but when people here have names like, 
   i_fuck_cats_potato_in_my_anus_fucker_tities_boobs, 
  it 's amusing and genius right ? 
  great, 
  and that 's why it 's in that hole, 
  why is it important that he 's patriotic ?
