  i think you 're forgetting something mate, 
  just because it 's a ww1 game does n't mean it have to have french in it . 
  it 's not really disrespectful but i 'd like to see them in the game, 
   do you fucking hear yourself ? 
  lol, 
  aside your stupid remark , there are tons of games set in ww2 that do n't include russia . 
  why ? 
  because it 's not mandatory to include countries you do n't want to include in your game, 
  that 's not my point , i do n't look at stuff to be outraged at or yell disrespectful at games . 
  point is they do n't need to make french playable , it 's not mandatory . 
  it 's their game they can do whatever they want . 
  just because you ca n't play as a french soldier does n't mean they do n't acknowledge what they did in the war, 
  you 're clearly angry about something and if this topic is the cause of that you sure need to get some help mate, 
  good luck, 
   that engine is 10 + years old, 
  and unreal is 18 years old !, 
  i get your point tho, 
  that 's funny i remember reading an article on reddit about how they chose source because it ran at 60fps on consoles , and i checked the titanfall wiki and it 's true !, 
  i agree , maybe after a few patches it becomes a really good game, 
  to expand , many reviewers are not saying it 's a fundamentally broken or a bad game , so i actually do n't think the patches/bug fixes are the solution . 
  maybe an expansion can make it better ? 
  man red and man blue m8, 
  money ? 
  source ? 
  iirc was n't cellino denied the first time ? 
  or am i wrong, 
  lmao really interested to check those out , got any links ? 
   natural wingers who hug the touchline, 
  was n't that exactly what kuba do on the right for bvb ? 
  i do n't know if you 're joking , there 's no real arthur, 
  it was a joke, 
  vice news su dobri , russian roulette in ukraine ili mini serijal u siriji npr, 
  why do n't you have a rb flair ? 
  i think you 're not that special when it comes to ww1 . 
  it 's taught extensively in schools here in serbia , and was a major part/identity of ours too and no one here is hyped about bf1 lol, 
  lmao the roteiro football, 
  i 'd rather not have someones entertainment podcast be an high school mandatory, 
  that crest is so shit imo , what 's your opinion on it ? 
  maybe i 'm just used to the old one with the castle on it . 
  this one looks too simple, 
  was n't it 4-0 ? 
  i thought gigi was your # 1, 
  nothern ireland won it on my save, 
  really ? 
  how about operation market garden ? 
  i 'd thought that and overlord were really known in nl due to them , you know liberating you, 
  its unbelievable how his name appear every time in every single ww1 thread on reddit . 
  guy has some internet presence that 's for sure . 
  anyway obligatory check badhistory for carlin and be wary that hes not an historian, 
  who gives a fuck , jesus, 
  how is that ironic , lmao ? 
  i came to the comments to see what 's the reason for this horrible shitty post . 
  lol i dont even, 
  that davies challenge on hamsik was worse than skrtels imo, 
  stoka, 
  this does n't even make sense , the meme is apparently in context of serbs doing the ethnic cleansing of muslims . 
  these are croatians ( who fought against serbs ), 
  but / r/soccer wcyd, 
  then again it 's fucking warhammer , if they wanted to not fuck up the unit cohesion why did n't they do it in rome 2 or atilla , where it actually matters , not in a fantasy game . 
  seems backwards, 
  i 've zero idea about the original tabletop , just played dow 's , my bad if that 's the case . 
  still seems like a wrong game to debut that feature, 
  lol, 
  i too think prediction will win it, 
  wow gj m8 thanks for pointing it out, 
  very original, 
  what 's the point of quoting yourself when you give no sources ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't know how was it in ww2 , but you usually need a bachelor degree , then past various tests to become an officer , after that you should be able to attend flight school , or skip it if you have a pilot license iirc, 
  he 's probably basing it on dashcam videos, 
  where did he say anything negative like you 're suggesting with, 
   this is the worst, 
  what a douchebag lol, 
  ye , was their most expensive signing for quite a while iirc lol, 
  why would anyone on reddit care what he does tho ? 
  like how in any way does that affect us, 
  we did n't even see americans in the game yet , what are you on about ? 
  just because you ca n't run around as as a french guy noscoping people does n't mean they 're misrepresenting anything . 
  get a grip , it 's a fun multiplayer game . 
  you 'll have the sp campaign for respecting the dead and the history if that 's what you 're getting at . 
   what people want is for one of the most defining moments in human history to be accurately represented . 
  then you 're looking at the wrong game , battlefield have n't and wo n't ever be that . 
  and that 's the end of it, 
  battlefield was never about about realism , that 's for sure . 
  historical authenticity was questionable at times - remember secret weapons of ww2 ? 
  and the gameplay was straight up arcade with people bunnyhoping around grenade launching everyone ( bf2 ) . 
  now people are getting upset because dice and ea are apparently ruining the history by not putting french people in multiplayer from the start . 
  it 's all bullshit and `` gamers '' are known to be bunch of overreacting kids so it 's not that big of a deal . 
  i mean you ca n't take anyone in this industry seriously anyway . 
   if russia would resort to nuclear weapons b/c someone ` fucked ' with them , it just goes to show what a fucked up country it is, 
  what ? 
  have n't you heard about mad lol ? 
  also we do n't really know how any of the superpowers would wage in a conventional war . 
  i mean both us and cccp/russia have a shoddy record when it comes to fighting proxy/guerilla wars , but i would definitely not underestimate then and i 'd wager they could beat the majority of european armies , if not all of them . 
  but it 's all speculation anyway, 
  srbski internet ? 
  it all fell apart after that game , sadly, 
  also i always thought lloris looks shot , yet he 's 1.88, 
  it 's probably not this , but this is a great read too, 
  if by morals you mean not fucking raping someone , i 'd rather not field anyone,
