  it did, 
   thoughtful discussion, 
  this is reddit , you could n't possible expect this, 
  still , my point stands . 
  only place on the internet where people do this, 
  xposting from one default sub to another , nice, 
  yeah , there are really nice subreddits , but not gon na find discussion in default ones, 
   reddit dude , y u no visit pigroll.com for moar lulzy pics like this one ? 
  oh god why, 
  i could believe in this theory, 
  10/10 would believe again, 
  i do n't have a problem with the hosting site , but that text made me puke and kill myself with a dildo, 
  it 's not like that over the world . 
  not every country is full of fast food chains every 2miles, 
  that 's actually cool, 
  sigh , now i need to downvote you . . 
  as if the entire country watched that match haha, 
  but it says right on the picture `` the herringbone blazer $ 98 '' ? 
  that 's why he 's a vice president, 
  she should sell it and buy what she wants, 
  but then again it 's a gift so . . 
  guys its a fishing boat !, 
  radical, 
  jesus , what a kill death ratio . . 
  were koreans really that untrained ? 
  it 's okay , vent it out . 
  are you sure ? 
  i 've been there when the first rage comics were around on / b / and i deffo saw le being used , but not as a mocking tool for reddit, 
  so why did you post it then if it 's been around here for ages ? 
  what , so you do n't believe aq is funded by usa ? 
  i pointed out this recently on other news post from syria and got heavily downvoted , i wonder why . . 
  of course it 's not the same , it 's a different game, 
   lulz, 
  please stop spamming people to upvote it on the stream, 
  it 's not, 
  you 're on mfa , just look around, 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  edit : mada mi ne spadamo u first world countries :(, 
  get an updated database , i suggest lfcmarshalls ,, 
  nope , not turkish , mexican more likely . 
  great job , op , you had one job . . 
  crashes at specific minute , i think its about 70th every time on pc, 
  edit : it actually crashes on corners and freekicks , every time, 
  maybe the older models . 
  they have lots of colabs these days and they are really a popular with the younger , street fashion public, 
  those are onitsuka tigers iirc, 
  yes, 
  wow and he wrote the book we were soldiers once . . and young , that was later turned into a film with mel gibson, 
  i did n't know it was him , such a great guy he was . 
  i thought you had it all memorized, 
  that, 
  and why did you have to sleep on the couch after that ? 
  in serbia , `` i dont give a fuck '' is literally translated `` my dick hurts '', 
  i tebi, 
  aristotle was a philosopher tho, 
  government does not equal local population, 
  tl ; dr usa fuck yeah everyone else worthless fucktard, 
  it was sarcasm you oblivious man, 
  let the hate flow trough you then, 
  not worth the money imho, 
  how do you know how hard you should laugh ? 
  so it 's ok to feel good about popular kids not aging well ? 
  i do n't get your correction, 
  yes . 
  that 's how your post sounded to me . 
   let the worthless fucktards of the world know that harming u.s. diplomats is a mercilessly fatal mistake . 
  so hardcore, 
  oh god, 
  exactly how i feel about our supporters , or should i say hooligans . . 
  ca n't argue with that, 
  i think he meant ufo 's in the 40 's 50 's 60 's ? 
  this is how spartans loved to kill, 
  edit : hm , apparently other people did n't, 
  that 's a faux mohawk, 
  it 's all about licensing , and i 'm sure they would have all the teams in the world playable if they could , would be a nice ad :, 
  play with every national team in the world, 
  glad you thought it would be nice to share your big karma moment with us, 
  damn you 're on fire, 
  i tried to explain it to you , but i realized i do n't even know the answer . 
  you ca n't explain that, 
  jesus it 's bf2 pr how are you here if you do n't know that ? 
  redditor for 1 year, 
  seems legit, 
  hope he will do a great job coaching serbia now , already got a lovely 6-1 over wales, 
  i 'm sure the last time this was posted it was described as an ak round to the face , and that looks like it , i do n't think machete can do that type of wound, 
  yeah , we could n't possibly know what happened without proper info , in the original [ video ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=584_1328471434 ) nothing is said what kind of weapon was used, 
  update ? 
  marines who amirite, 
  i just think people should acknowledge that they do n't necessarily agree with their government doings . 
  i mean they are invading but just doing their job , i hate the us foreign policy but those soldiers are just people and i wo n't hate them , except the obvious idiots that are just in about every army there is, 
  i think it 's safe to assume you have it good if your only complaint in a war is that you do n't have proper breakfast, 
  it 's 2004 all over again, 
  so brave, 
  jesus christ what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i 'm sorry but quoting fight club is so brave regardless of what you think . 
  it 's like something that no one ever did and probably wo n't do it again . 
  also let the hate flow trough you . 
  i had to google troglodyte and it means multiple things which are not really to used as a insult so i guess thanks ? 
  my high school summer break was from june 15th or something , to september 1st, 
  serbia,
