  i really do n't get it . 
  sam was saying how he was the best attacking midfielder in the epl atm , then he puts him on the wing . . what 's the reason ? 
  you just said he 's a good am , not a winger, 
  klose definitely did build up more, 
  lol, 
  holy shit mtv played that video so fucking much, 
  it was kinda between new alice in chains and nirvana albums so they did n't have anything else to play, 
  fm legend few years ago, 
  that 's all i know bye, 
  he has no work rate , his build up play is nearly non existent and he ca n't finish that well , but he 's young so theres loads of time to improve, 
  he did n't play for us that long , but he 's supposed to be good , sadly another case of a player going abroad too early, 
  there was some talk of him going to juve couple of years ago , so the talent is definitely here , but i do n't really see him playing at chelsea any time soon, 
  i do n't think i agree with this personal theory of yours, 
  nowhere in our evolution did reptiles pose a direct competition to modern humans , and even if you 're talking about earlier homo species , in the pleistocene ; reptiles definitely were n't our enemies then, 
  if you are talking about even earlier phase , before the introduction of homo genus , i highly doubt anything that we as primates had in our dna carried onto modern humans, 
  well yes obviously , but i seriously doubt that fear of reptiles carried over from while we were apes . 
  now you 're free to get some sources if you want , i 'm too lazy to look up any of this, 
  heh can you imagine in far future , our gigantic snake overlords being scared by 10 times smaller than them mongooses , because in the past the little furry cunts used to kill snakes for fun, 
   and we as humans are clean of primate dna ? 
  well yeah , i worded that wrong , i meant fears specifically . 
  now it 's only my opinion and i 'd gladly accept any evidence pointing otherwise, 
  just because a snake could kill you does n't mean you 're in a direct competition, 
  a gazelle and a lion are in a direct competition for example . 
  you get the point , predator and a prey . 
  now im positively sure that never in modern human history , or even before homo sapiens , were we as a race in direct competition with reptiles , or lived in constant fear that a feral iguana could kill you and your babies, 
  when was that period ? 
  could you specify ? 
  please ? 
  one thing i do n't like is that you 're presenting your theory as a fact and that 's not really nice, 
   to her choosing to speak with an american accent, 
  i can definitely recall her having a south african accent , or am i wrong ? 
  huh , that was probably arrested development then because she played an british girl, 
  had a mate who did n't know hugh laurie was english , had to show him black adder and it blew his mind, 
  glad you cleared that up for us, 
   poorest la liga, 
  i think you 're underestimating how poor some la liga teams are, 
  i 'm using if ( deulofeu who scored 17 and assisted 14 ) on the left with baines on wb ( a ) role , so he 's basically a winger while deulo is in the box , with lacazette in cf ( a ) role , with a ap ( a ) on the right , with midfield trio of bwm/bbm , ap and rpm, 
  quite an offensive tactic with high tempo , with all my offensive players in the box , we 're also lethal on the counter because of the pace . 
  on the right i 'm using coleman more conservatively because i do n't use an anchor man or a dm at all , so i need someone to stay back with jags and stones . 
  i think his relatively high off the ball skill is the main reason , he scored loads of goals by making lampard-esque runs late into the box from the wide areas, 
  yes because tan = automatic skin cancer, 
  but not sure what version , iirc i got the latest one from the si forums, 
  high quality drugs mate, 
  i 'm very proud that i got the joke, 
  how old are you ? 
   it 's about 8000 years old . 
  wait what, 
  ili almodovarov film, 
  what , about depay ? 
  such a dr\u00f4le word, 
  they even had sky blue shorts lol what the hell, 
  you mean just like this sub where anything anti fallout is being downvoted by an angry mob ? 
  if anyone missed the obvious genius new addition this year , it 's the intentional creases to give the kit a rugged look, 
  its so stupid its funny, 
  i watched partizan-real madrid in 2003 when they had ronaldo , figo , r.carlos and the crew , and only thing i remember clearly is the anthem . 
  it 's so good i ca n't explain why, 
  what the hell is pure speed lol ? 
  also yedlin does n't belong there , hes not that fast, 
  i think we have really different `` better looking '' standards, 
  but what can he , as a fan do to control racist fans ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  is n't it an ex ussr country ? 
  yeh but i doubt anyone in the usa cares about specifics lol, 
   , imate gore downvote dugme za to . 
  then i 'd argue you 're an exception . 
  i 'm serbian and most people i encountered over the internet barely know where serbia is , let alone how did yugoslavia split, 
  did n't they decline a huge bid few years ago , from arsenal iirc and it was definitely more than 30mill e, 
  is this supposed to be funny , can anyone tell me ? 
  i really do n't get this particular post . 
  he was at united for only a year . 
  how much exactly do you think he got attached to them ? 
  they will need to look somewhere else then because afellay has fuck all to offer in terms of creativity, 
  for, 
  secondplace !, 
  haha what a load of bullshit is this , what the hell, 
  athetlic club de espana ? 
  haha what, 
   besides , in order to call yourself the ` sporting club ' of the nation you 'd better hold the most titles in your league, 
  did you just make that up lmao, 
  trying too hard, 
  yeah , but it 's a shithole, 
  lol people please do n't take this as a fact, 
  lol people please do n't take this as a fact , you wo n't get cancer from standing in the sun for 10 minutes a day, 
  haha i take it you like vh1 charts then , those kids are on it 24/7, 
  i think you can add more to your comment, 
  that 's probably because it was in development for two three years , they just announced it late, 
  skyrim does n't have a pip boy tho, 
  he just read it from the infographic someone posted above, 
  lol what are you serious , it 's all from that infographic someone posted above, 
  i can dream, 
  how is that a chlick flick , it 's about gosling and carrell 's characters, 
  he 's not wrong tho , is he ? 
  i 'd say coutinho is better than rafinha and he would get minutes , but apart from him . . maybe moreno as a backup lb since adriano is getting old and he 's spanish and all that . 
  it 's a tweet by @barcastuff lol, 
  what 's barcastuff anyway ? 
  of course they did n't watch him , its spanish segunda ffs, 
  does anyone call it s'land ? 
  lol that 's not true at all , he 's nowhere near veratti level , and he was pretty much universally praised by anyone with bit football players knowledge ( read plays fm ), 
  i 'm so sorry but this made me laugh so much for some reason, 
  hope you 're better tho,
