  i like how he nicely choose to not include that part of actually being in the military, 
  ye same , not to worry tho , it says that when servers are down, 
  you were nothing . . 2 fa cups ? 
  uh whats that, 
  i wish you would n't tell others what to like, 
  what exactly did other teams than bayern prove tonight ? 
  you mean lacoste, 
  no i honestly do n't get your point, 
  just because bayern is good does n't mean the whole league is, 
  i mean yes , the bundesliga is actually a really good league but the events tonight did n't really prove that , only showed how crazy good bayern is, 
  and schalke should n't have won anyway, 
  he 's just that cool, 
  lacost pls, 
  lol ty pyrowolf based mod, 
  wow great bro ca n't wait till you tell it to your high school friends, 
  works well on my 630, 
  i still think ending someone 's life is the `` ultimate crime '', 
  atletico bought shares in indian premier league ? 
  something like that, 
   diego costa speaks no english, 
  tevez too, 
   isl, 
  it 's been a year and you already using the abbreviation lol , no idea what that is as i 'm absolutely not into indian football , had to google it, 
  sorry for the mistake then i guess, 
  because it 's news and that 's how news is reported, 
   village, 
  we know , it 's in the title . . 
  how do you plan on doing that ? 
  just play conquest and you 'll get better at it man, 
  are you in the military ? 
  lol do n't be a kid , he 's right , if you put this work you could 've done it right , for example with real overalls, 
  im getting liveleak comments flashbacks, 
  nice bro i envy you, 
  tupolev seriously makes pretty planes, 
  that 's not really a pointer of success . . 
  lol love how smug and passive aggressive everyone here is, 
  haha, 
  lol how am i an accusatory asshole, 
  how can you know it 's that place , seems pretty generic nyc place, 
   look shit up before your antagonizing randos on the internet . 
  it makes you look like a dickhead . 
  what the fuck , what are you on about, 
  i think the kit is the most important factor tbh, 
  is it that chinese takeaway on the corner, 
  someone actually likes them ? 
  majority of people here have started watching football in the last 10 years , maybe even less, 
  i 've spent some times in germany and people i talked to all said wolfsburg is a souless club with plastic fans , because it 's owned by vw , something like that . 
  probably and most likely not 100 % , some sort of `` banter '' amirite, 
   people who complain about re4 are just being elitist, 
   everything about it is perfect, 
  now that 's a great attitude, 
  you can do it now too, 
  probably because there was a camera man there, 
  imate li par godina za nas, 
  maybe because you misspelt knives, 
  then mildlyinteresting is doing good ? 
  haha i was kidding , but sometimes you ca n't explain downvotes . 
  best to not think about it, 
   we know ea looks at this sub, 
  uh they do ? 
  ah you mean one ea intern who runs their twitter account :d, 
  i 'm from serbia and we do n't have data caps too, 
  it is him, 
  defenders figure them out ? 
  then do n't watch it, 
  imho i do n't agree about ares , his ult is to some extent useless without allies nearby so i think he fit nicely in the guardian/support slot, 
  it implies that english is some kind of official global language, 
  but . . it is ? 
  you have a shitty attiltude about it , like you completely dismiss bayern 's side of story by shitting on their fans on / r/soccer and saying stuff like, 
   we 're all thinking it , we just might not be willing to say it . 
  like it 's the truth and you 're some sort of martyr for finally speaking the truth, 
  it 's ultimately upon the players in regards of the transfers , if lewa or gotze did n't want to go to bayern they would n't , and nothing they do could force them . 
  but they wanted to . 
  so what is bayern gon na do ? 
  respect some unwritten rule that you do n't buy yours rival players ? 
  please . . 
  no , you state your opinion like a fact , not me . 
  in fact , in your initial comment you mention bayern fans downvoting as if you 're not wrong , they are just butthurt that you 're spreading the truth , but the possibility of you being wrong is none of course, 
  i do n't care about your opinion , i do n't disagree with it , i 've no idea what are you on about me and opinions , i just found your post very fucking ironic ( and annoying ), 
  it 's supposed to be a fucking discussion board you twat, 
  if you want to shit your `` unpopular '' opinions that are echoed here all the time do it , just do n't go 12-year-old on people and yell `` i dont give a fuck what you think '', 
  lol at 1st goal , muller is pointing to ribery , while he is pointing to lewa, 
  and colina !, 
  if he did n't die due to internal bleeding, 
  what metrosexual stuff ? 
  did you just compare fps to a sports sim, 
  that guy ? 
  pretty much nothing is close to crysis engine , especially fifa 's ignite, 
  i 'd rather have realistic gameplay than eyecandy , but seems like we did n't get either, 
  i think djordjevic is there for klose, 
  i do n't see your point, 
  just because those people killed more than americans does n't mean you should n't be laughed at, 
  are you talking to the picture ? 
  because op did n't wrote that, 
  calm down, 
   work of fiction with how jews were treated by the nazis, 
  really ? 
  what was off in the film ? 
  well i watched the film so it 's like i did, 
  the jews get the unique treatment because they , along with slavs and gypsies were meant to be systematically eradicated , as opposed to other people who were generally and in most cases casualties of war,
