  that 's exactly what he said, 
  get hydras all the time , his passive and hydras work really well , you have db and hydra proccs and you crit . . gg, 
  did n't you have like 150m or more in the bank few years ago but no one would come to ajax so you could n't spend it lol, 
  how does holding signing prove anything ? 
  he was shit at porto and their fans were glad porto did n't activate the buy clause iirc from the comments on here when it happened, 
  i actually remember smalling playing rb under fergie and bombing upfront a lot . 
  did he lose the ball control or pace ? 
  have n't watched him in a while, 
  shame because he was great as a wingback in that argentina team at the wc, 
  the stadium is huge so anything under 70k feels empty, 
  sometimes it 's actually better to continue figthing if the enemy team are low hp . 
  there are situations where you can cockblock a teammate getting a kill ( on top of cockblocking the enemy ) by disengaging after ulting . 
  if anyone cares it has to do with latency . 
  the person actually died while at your screen the animation and sound were playing, 
  why would you remove arena ? 
  just ignore it like every other non arena player does, 
   that could be construed as racist, 
  well yeah if you go on looking for racists stuff intentionally you would eventually wind up with lots of it when africa is the subject, 
  so is insensitive = racist ? 
   i know it is thanks to the $ $ $ and stuff but i do n't give fuck . 
  and you should n't . 
  i 'd fucking love for my team to get bought by a billionaire or some qataris, 
  the country avatars are 100gems tho, 
  what . 
  you said, 
   the nazis/ss were the ones committing the atrocities . 
  which is not true at all . 
  what 's with the the laugh and the smiley tho, 
  i really have no intention to argue with someone whos defending/justifying wehrmacht crimes by saying other sides did it too . 
  all while typing haha like an idiot . 
  jesus the people who come out when these topics are mentioned . 
  and they did as a whole commit numerous crimes , read the article . 
  i 've no idea what are you basing your facts on . 
  is there such a myth tho ? 
  are you aware of the anti war protests in the 60s and `` baby killer '' signs ? 
   whats up with all these quite new pro-russian / pro-iranian accounts who flood every thread i post in . 
  maybe they 're not the problem hint hint it 's you and your paranoia that everyone with different views is pro something, 
  they need carlos fierro, 
  kranevitter and ladislav krejci, 
  buttner, 
  ye mate my neighbor got beheaded yesterday for invading a football field, 
   this is america, 
  what, 
  they were sieging the city . 
  and yes the fire was both harassing and aimed at the bosnian army, 
  already deleted the intel ones with ddu and got the latest ones , forgot to mention !, 
  well i do n't think it 's the screen size since the fps is bad even at lower resolutions, 
  cpu or gpu ? 
  cpu is at 3ghz ( max ) under load , will check the gpu !, 
  nope . 
  on 350mhz . 
  what to do ? 
  bios option ? 
  intel oc utility ? 
  it is . 
  ran some tests and it 's stuck on 350mhz , not going up to 1.1 ghz in all benchmarks . 
  because that 's what you want, 
  i have a old ronaldo kit with stripes like that . 
  it 's obviously a retro inspired one, 
  in a map atm can you wait please, 
  agreed that c2d is a classic cpu, 
  try setting your power settings to performance, 
  how is nem broken in assault ? 
  that does not have anything to do with assault in specific , also i would n't call her 2 decent poke you basically have to be in melee range to get it off, 
  why ca n't the smite community do the same ? 
  so what . 
  let it be core, 
  big if true, 
  tbh ichi is viable in every single build but i get what you 're saying, 
  first time ive seen drogba was that year when he scored 3 vs us in cl, 
   i 'm really starting to wonder, 
  is that battlefield 2 m24 sound effect ? 
  it literally links to the forum the post is from . 
  the reddit user didnt make it, 
  i dont see the point of this lol . 
  we all know what a model does, 
  the fuck, 
  you use your aa before using your 1 , for the extra viper shot, 
  can you stop with the / s it really ruined your joke attempts, 
  why do you feel like that when theres 0 evidence supporting your claim, 
  yeah sure , your post was worded differently , or i just read it that way , like the cat was suckling you ( if you get what i mean ), 
  monaco does n't have a king, 
  i agree, 
  nice, 
  if your main problem is having to download a program then pc is not for you, 
  are you actually arguing with a troll about who knows more about the pro scene ? 
  having nother else better to do is a fair reason !, 
  friday, 
  `` enemy '' is entirely subjective, 
  this is not / r/lifeprotips tho, 
  you dont have a window dont speak knobhead, 
  understandable, 
  * starter ( vamp , sands , soul stone ), 
  * pen boots, 
  * hastened ring, 
  * demonic grip, 
  * pen ( spear of deso/magus ), 
  * lifesteal ( bancroft/book of dead ), 
  * rod, 
  smart .
