  and romans spoke with british accent right ? 
  paul ince ? 
  we know , they signed him with a loan back option, 
  he did better than i would do in fm with that team, 
  big fucking deal the wp store is still shit, 
  it 's not the coach , we 've been this shit for a long time, 
  the players just dont care about nt, 
   why do n't people spend more money instead of deleting stuff, 
  as someone poor as fuck you made me rage so hard, 
  i 'm 100 % sure it 's that, 
  haha i was grinning while reading the story, 
  i 'm happy for you dude !, 
  ja bi da mi pravimo / r/serbiarebooted sa nasim headerom, 
  but dubrovnik is a medieval town , how can it not feel real haha, 
  thats a bold statement, 
  please post it here , or somehow remind me/us when you do , i really , really want to try it, 
  read the article, 
  i just skimmed it its too much to read about something i dont care about and found he 's still alive, 
  i 've no idea why is he downvoted for that , this is supposed to be a discussion board, 
  let him speculate and jump the gun , not everything is supposed to be facts and same echoed opinions . . 
  you 're looking too much into this . 
  let us discuss however we want , i do n't care that you think `` we '' are trying to avoid jumping the gun , he can post his opinion without you telling him it 's wrong . 
  its just casual chat ... 
  gk kicking 76 ? 
  because authors make books that give revenue to publishers, 
  i understand best scientist not getting too much money because their end product is not merchandise , but book authors create a product that sell, 
  yes , i 've seen that article about that girl somewhere in africa i thing ? ( sa ? ), 
  that had her throat slit and survived , but it 's one in a million chance and that 's not beheading . 
  like they remove your head from your body . . you ca n't survive that, 
  how should we know ? 
  why did you tag him ? 
  well there you go, 
  are you serious ? 
  i think he 's joking, 
  i hope so, 
  nah no one used kids with at grenades in that war, 
  you are all just yelling the same words, 
  darwinism natural selection darwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selectiondarwinism natural selection, 
  you can turn off music in game options , that 's the only way, 
  you feel you deserve a game from them ? 
  on what basis lol ? 
  ah yes sorry , i guess i misread it , still i think they are not entitled to say that they wont release any games whatsoever , it would be nice , yes , but they do n't have to, 
  how do you know how much you should laugh ? 
  but that 's how he fixed it ( and me too ), 
  it 's a valid fix , even more valid than uninstalling all your fucking usb stuff, 
   embarrasses the whole team . 
  wat , i can understand if you 're playing ranked , but in casual i dont give a single fuck what people in my team say , they are not embarassing me , only them, 
  it 's the best because the playerbase is relatively small compared to lol or dota, 
  it 's even the exe 's name, 
  i do , i do n't play alone at all , but there 's usually 3 of us and we play casual so we do n't pay attention to other people, 
  uh what, 
  lol eugh, 
   what 's wrong with reddit ? 
  you left out the most important thing , his stats, 
  i stress how shitty he and his brother were for us , we made fun of them all the time, 
  i 've no idea how he managed to get those goals in segunda, 
  pls, 
  ugh kinda off topic , but i hate the way he plays, 
  slowmotioing every 0.5 seconds and reloading after 3 bullets . . just breaking the flow of the game, 
  lol it 's sad that you ca n't express your opinions without fear of downvotes, 
  i also love how they like to randomly stab other team fans, 
  okay ? 
  thats a bit too much dont you think ? 
  i cant possibly compare losing family members to cricket player, 
  lol youre so clueless , typical american mentality `` they hate us because we 're better than them '' yes that 's surely it, 
  lol did you just make up ratings for leagues haha, 
   why is there an automatic assumption that he is armed and will fire at police ? 
  because it 's usa ? 
  nice, 
  but you did . . 
  can you explain then ? 
  whos not worth more than kroos, 
  so his point is ridiculous, 
  hahaha what the fuck, 
  how is that comparable on any level, 
  just pirate it then , if you bought it, 
  and gods ? 
  nope, 
  reviews only, 
  i wish my exes were so black & white in their behaviour, 
  why do n't you . . you know try it ? 
   no shotgun or machinegun silencers . 
  but there 's signature silenced shotgun ? 
  it does n't, 
  at 16 he wo n't be competing with neither ajax or liverpool first xi midfielders, 
  it would be a no brainer for me to go abroad . 
  better training facilities and all, 
  but you just spoke for everyone in na ? 
  thundercunt is not even a insult, 
  what is that monster in the middle jesus, 
  that ca n't be further from the truth , gala is in some serious financial shitstorm right now . 
  he 's definitely good enough for dortmund, 
  it 's just that one picture , do n't get used to it, 
  it 's a great game , just not max payne, 
  there is no `` ch '' in both of their names, 
  he was good when partnered with jose fonte, 
  and altidore, 
  on 1st of july 1916 , british army suffered over 60 000 casualties, 
  * in one day *, 
  so if you want to compare casualties , the recent ones are nothing compared to world wars . .
