  ao solely for a fact that it has superior weapon sounds, 
  i dont get it, 
  his healing has 100 % phys power scaling , more power more heals, 
  you 're clueless, 
  lol this comment . 
  i do n't support turkey but this comment is idiocy at it 's best . 
  you do n't take prisoners if it 's a genocide . 
  the whole point of genocide is to kill or destroy people, 
  canadian man telling a turkish man how western europe is shit . 
  some people just know it all i guess, 
  probably because turkey is a member of nato, 
  why did you link to your twitter op, 
  how can you mess up something so simple, 
  the ranked playerbase is really small, 
  what good exactly do you think that would bring ? 
  it 's definitely not `` nuff said '', 
  iirc in aoe3 there was an encyclopedia button on every unit so you could read about their history, 
  no idea why you think all of those stuff would appear with removal of relics . 
  i 've played since the game came out of beta and nothing really changed with relics  actives, 
  i 'm not serious either, 
  thanks thats fair enough, 
  are you sure, 
  please leave me be, 
  reads like a gonewild title, 
  lol, 
  people still play siege ? 
  you screenshotted a comment from this sub ? 
  why not just link the comment ? 
  why, 
  crit was always the best for her because rage proccs twice ( and malice iirc ), 
   shitty skins like stormbringer or afro-dite for example . 
  so now you want skins that you find shitty not to be in chests too ? 
  what 's next , only skins you like are allowed to be in them ? 
  so what ? 
  it 's a skin nevertheless . 
  you ca n't complain when you willingly buy a chest that you got a skin you dont like, 
  does it sound like running up that hill sped up to anyone else ? 
  or thats just me, 
  how it is not shit ? 
  it 's a generic run of the mill run around and kill enemies with shitty ai . 
  does n't matter that it 's long , it 's still bad . 
  anyone trying to build scs 2nd item vs someone competent will have a really bad time, 
  is there a vod please, 
  tried it on medusa , it proccs on her 1 but still shit and i 'd just buy ichi instead tbh, 
  tell me more, 
  ur mum wants to be ridden, 
  i thought that 's how it 's done always wtf, 
   it sucks that the best support in the game is also the easiest . 
  why ? 
  what are your problems with her ? 
  she has a great clear for a guardian and decent damage , use double tap on your 3 +2 combo plus 2 spears , maybe put poly in the build for that spear damage, 
  i go for a bumbas + helm tier 1 start , then get either pen boots for early damage , or cdr boots if you wan na play that support jungle role so you set up kills for other people more . 
  do n't go full damage , you 're gon na frontline in team fights and will get deleted if you have no tanky items , like spirit robe , discord or urchin . 
  if you 're ahead get mail of renewal, 
  haha, 
  ehhh, 
  iirc he also got lung cancer, 
  he went 1/17/4 in the end, 
   better than you and i, 
  hey you do n't know me, 
   i just try going into the match with some positive chat messages to get everyone in a good mood, 
  do n't do that . 
  9 times out of 10 people will ridicule you, 
  they already invaded manchuria, 
  they were positioned in high rise buildings at the outskirts controlled by the serbs, 
  you 're so clueless it 's almost funny . 
  and to top it off you plea to hirez to remove a relic you do n't like from the game . 
  i mean really dude ? 
  get out, 
  inception was n't the first movie to use that sound . 
  war of the worlds for example had it before, 
  and what exactly is mass effect other than a generic sci fi drama `` cobbled together from a bunch of sources '' ? 
  she 's already getting played with the heartseeker buff, 
  why would you vote for someone you do n't know what his views are, 
  that 's really weird , in other games i get around 40 ~ ping on nl servers , but have constant 70-80 on smite, 
  when you go to war and someone takes your smite name feelsbad, 
  huh ? 
  it 's a typical moba map layout, 
  except when you encounter an adc and die because you have 30 phys protection, 
  during s1/s2 fatalis was core on vamana iirc, 
  as opposed to americans who do n't ? 
  what, 
  does anyone even say pur ? 
  you obviously have no idea how fair use law works , if that was the case hirez would be under constant law suits . 
  she was n't hired by hirez draw that concept , she used their characters as a base for her fan art . 
  the fact that hirez are indeed compensating her is due to the fact they do n't want any more bad rep from the community, 
  think this is one of the worst videos i 've seen on this sub, 
  last time this was posted it was concluded it 's a body double . 
  i do n't know how or why , i do n't remember, 
  what, 
  that build lol, 
  herc is not difficult to play at all , it 's just that he has to use his escape to clear which leaves him unable to do anything after he uses his combo on minions, 
  he probably died 12 times with that dagger while waiting for malice and bloodforge to get online, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  this is after they were in fact treated by the marines , and left there . 
  the shooting occurred the next day , the marines came back and shot them . 
  damn europeans , every single one of them !, 
  they do n't . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  the coast guard picks them up regardless of the boat status,
