  wow i hate you so much, 
  lol what, 
  it 's a joke aimed at rogers , who played markovic and co as wingbacks in his 3-5-2 m8, 
  then you did n't get the joke lol, 
  well i 'm literally none of the stuff he described, 
  that 's sad, 
  it is implied because , again , there 's a running joke that whoever rodgers sign is gon na play as a wingback eventually , and he 's the manager in the screenshot playing 3 at the back neymar and suarez as wide players ( who in every 3 at the back formation work like wingbacks ), 
  is it any clearer now ? 
  also no idea about the face pack , it 's a small one with only the biggest leagues included , i cba downloading those massive torrents, 
  only point anyone proved by spamming pao is a cunt is how immature and retarded the reddit userbase actually is , which is really sad, 
  because they do n't like a show ? 
  lol, 
  nah we do n't, 
  in top tier football they most likely do, 
  i ca n't believe you even have to argue that opiates are stronger than medical marijuana lol, 
  huh this is really hard for me to understand . 
  i mean all those people and money lost , and all for poppy fields . 
  i mean is it really worth it ? 
  is the profit that big ? 
  why are you chooing ? 
  my dad used to wear those, 
  are you sure about the gameplay ? 
  pes 15 on pc had the unresponsive old gen gameplay , different than xb1 and ps4 , are they the same this year ? 
  he 's really injury prone mate , even in fm, 
  huh i 'm playing pes on pc since release , and it definitely does n't look like the next gen gameplay on youtube . 
  idk, 
  well can you fucking enlight us how is it not the same , or you prefer to act like a smug cunt whilst just denying everything ? 
  nice, 
  also first pusite ga svi, 
  what ? 
  it 's true m8, 
  its ok got any bread crumbs bro, 
   ymmw, 
  rhodes scored 6 on me in one match in 2019 , the cunt was still in blackburn in championship, 
  have you tried the mike ashley challenge ? 
  you set mike ashley to be responsible for incoming and outgoing transfers and youth recruitment and work with it . 
  it 's quite fun , also very sad, 
  lol mate i know they have n't made cl last year but it 's fucking manu and you 're celtic , there 's no point in bringing european football in your advantage, 
  that ca n't be further from truth lol, 
  what , tesla and edison had nothing to do with maxim gun, 
  lol are you fucking serious , having a go at the swedish league based on his username , lol the people here, 
  and intertoto cup, 
  you would atleast win something , we 'd do fuck all and lose to shamrock rovers in the qualifiers for intertoto, 
  can you tell me a bit about augsburg ? 
  i think we have a shot taking 3 points at least once from them, 
  i think majority of europe calls them sporting lisbon, 
  capoue to watford ? 
  then it 's not a fact that you do n't sell in the league lol , livermoore and huddlestone , scott parker etc, 
  well yeah i was being pedantic because you said it 's a fact , so it threw me off.i also forgot dawson to hull , caulker to qpr , and lennon to everton . 
  so yeah you do sell within the league , you just had common sense not to sell bale and modric to top 4 in england, 
  it 's allright mate i 'm just being a pedantic dick, 
  he 's a great poacher in fm, 
  yes , he can play for athletic, 
  i 'd say ee-day-eh ? 
  jesus you 're everywhere in this thread , give it a rest, 
  holy shit this `` joke '' wo n't die, 
  well he 's a left back ( can play as a cb i think ? ), 
  so it 's not really that cheap . 
  but yeh compared to some recent ones it 's on the cheap side, 
  sounds like a porn star, 
   be serbian, 
  is he playing a holding mid role for you ? 
  i see him attacking all the time , yet i thought he 's a cb . 
  i know he played cb for anderlecht, 
  they did n't have decent players to sell because they did n't buy them [ decent players ], 
  it 's simple , it 's their fault, 
  i think it 's one of things that make top teams stand out , their ability to transition from defense to attack quickly . 
  i know it sounds obvious but it 's such an important part of the game, 
  of course he does , he has a weekly wage , he 's not representing them for free, 
  nah mate , keep posting what you want , if people dislike it they 'll just downvote it, 
  both are correct , spelt is british english, 
  i 've always spelt it suprise , i 've just recently found out it 's actually surprise . 
  and i 'm 22, 
  so as in significant other, 
  when he plays 10 time for france , monaco will receive 10m, 
  u kill, 
  mate i do n't know what your definition of alcoholism is , but as people explained , alcoholics need alcohol to function and suffer withdrawal symptoms when they do n't drink . 
  i seriously doubt he 's an alcoholic , he 's just stupid/irresponsible and drinks when he 's not supposed to, 
  dont be a cunt, 
  lol reddit 's the only place where i 've seen such a militant reaction to drunk driving , i 've seen people get nervous breakdowns while making those posts filled with pure fucking rage, 
  and it 's apparently okay to yell fuck drunk drivers everywhere because people agree with it . . not to mention it 's a really brave opinion to have, 
  kranevitter signed for atleti, 
  kranevitter is at river playing on loan from atleti, 
  they still have semi final of wc tho, 
  he was a moldavian pretending to be a serbian actually lol, 
  last year we did n't even have those entrance cutscenes ( without mods ) ffs, 
  good for you mate !, 
  imo this game is so overrated on reddit by people spouting quasi intellectual shit like `` you could 've stopped playing bro , think about it '' and everytime i see it mentioned i roll my fucking eyes because i know some guy who was used to your run-of-the-mill shooter is gon na praise it to heavens because it 's something different than cod : mw25, 
  the sub par gameplay , that people actually * claim is made like that on purpose * for one or another reason the poster thought of trough some mental gymnastics ;, 
  the dreaded white phoshporus scene , where you killed a bunch of civilians , as you do in plenty of games . 
  but wait , to quote, 
   i realized that it was n't the bad guy who committed these atrocities , it was n't my character , it was me, 
  no , it was literally the character who did it , bro . 
  you ca n't do anything different . 
  it 's what you * need * to do to pass the level . 
  and do n't you say `` you could 've stopped playing '' because i 'll punch you in the fucking face . 
  yes i could stop playing it . 
  but what 's the point of the game then if you stop playing whenever you ca n't pick the choice you want ? 
  tl ; dr people looking too much into a arcadey 3rd person cover base shooter with a intellectual-ish wrap over it, 
  iirc in black ops you are given a famas felin , a weapon that was n't made ( in that configuration ) untill the 90 's .
