  it 's not only torres, 
  bench, 
  lol fergie 's man u really left so many scars , people are taking shots at them in unrelated threads, 
  every striker is good in holland, 
  til im not a decent person, 
   monaco is italian for munich, 
  why tho, 
  what about nigeria-germany on scoreboard with 3 letter abbreviations ? 
  it 's not the circlejerk here , all the fans cried about it lol . 
  are n't they owned by a rich bulgarian bloke who injected money into the club ? 
  that 's why he opted for white shorts most likely, 
  he 's argentinian . . 
  cough, 
  jesus fucking christ he got shot , there 's a clip on the internet , he 's iraqi special forces using american gear , i 'll try to find the video again, 
  ali anti-west bro, 
  rakija i kafana all day amirite, 
   this is anderlecht 's 51st successive european campaign, 
  ugh we beat them few years ago to get into ucl , so that counts el too then ? 
  lol nerd, 
  midfield consisting of an left back , right back and a 32 year old, 
  i like the old school experience that 's still alive in italy 's europe matches, 
  we won 0-0, 
  here you go, 
   i am a big fan of \u0421hetnik turbofolk, 
  dude , it 's a bug that happened in 14 too, 
  you ca n't do it manually, 
  yes , it happened loads of times for me in 14 too, 
  i would go to kick off and choose everton and there would be martial bakalli and other high-potential-whore players that i 've bought in my shitty career mode attempts, 
  you 're playing as sunderland mate , you do n't have to have under25-over 80 potential players, 
  you ca n't even afford that, 
  play with mediocre players like they do in real life :d, 
  anyone got the full show ? 
  or , it was a genuine red cross convoy that the planes ( intentionally or not ) strafed, 
  suptilno daje do znanja da jebe nesto, 
  i prefer npower refs, 
  or maybe tim ones, 
  her tumblr then ? 
  i still do n't have rs , playing it as a rifleman . 
  it 's so nice when i pick up a bar or a thompson lying around , makes me appreciate it more, 
  it 's a bug that carried over from 14 , it 's not a future and happens randomly, 
  oh ffs is this gon na be the new overused phrase on this sub, 
  oh god it 's not a fucking skirt, 
   botovi, 
  hvala, 
   zvezda fans are currently the best in europe . 
  you shut your whore mouth , did you watch our match against spurs ? 
  it 's close enough to an sniper rifle , stop trying to be outraged, 
  jesus what a man child, 
  really you would execute wounded enemies ? 
  is that winamp and aol messenger, 
  against modern football, 
  we used to have people who work at the stadium `` sneak '' flares and those bomb type firecrackers to the stadium before the match , they 'll just be waiting for us when we come, 
  lol that last part in italic made me cringe, 
  just realized it 's all mums are bastards, 
  it 's because it 's an english club , more specifically arsenal, 
  worked well for english clubs in the 90s right, 
  yes , it got 2 ( major i would say ) dlc 's out, 
  lol what the fuck , dcs and farming simulator should n't be in the same genre at all, 
  are chests only skins for gods , or you got those awful ward skins too ? 
  well i got an ward skin, 
  love the record and club name, 
  notice the pooping dog , they do it when they 're excited, 
  ah haha , did n't watch it to the end , but in the longer version the k9 comes to him and poop a bit, 
  maybe he wanted mana, 
  ye , it 's from a photoshoot , not a real soldier, 
  i do n't think you got history right, 
  this is a pre alpha, 
  you ca n't compare it to a released game, 
  well you can do a photo shoot with those effects with real soldiers too, 
  yeah , works out to about a 2.5 mbps internet connection . 
  not google fiber speeds or anything , but there are far worse internet speeds out there . 
  thanks , wow it 's more intense than i remembered it . 
  anyone got any back story for this ? 
  and i 'm too lazy to buy another usb after my old one died, 
  sigh the problems, 
  just so you know i have a single 500gb drive, 
   switzerland, 
  what , no, 
  they will run out of immigrants before they make it as a respectable football country, 
  no , it can ban the account while someone else is using it, 
  for winning what ? 
  i think it 's really a selfish way to see things , `` they hate us for winning '' while being oblivious to other possible reasons anyone could hate us for . . 
   statistically speaking , more damage implies more kills, 
  well not really , someone like adc can deal 800dmg then mage comes with his burst and deal 200dmg and gets a kill, 
  i 'm not even mad , first time i see drones on a football match, 
  or ptsd ridden people not useful for anything, 
  he did n't permanently tho, 
  vidic on the other hand just said fuck it, 
  lol you 're on a crusade vs serbia today, 
  what about the drone ? 
  during the volleyball world cup i asked an serbian player for his shirt , he explained that they are too poor and had to wear them multiple times and wash etc, 
  yes , he quit over a smaller thing ( more like accumulation of different things leading to missed penalty that made him retire ), 
  jesus reddit is so predictable, 
  it 's like an endless repeat of same jokes , images and quotes, 
  yes, 
  look at him, 
  of course its funny because hes fat, 
  is n't that part from the 2nd game ? 
  if you do n't die, 
  torres !,
