  even the best liverpool players would only get a squad player role at barca , and that 's not a dig at liverpool , barca are a treble winning club after all, 
  yep its this, 
   the universe very rich, 
  can you expand on that ? 
  to me , the universe felt really shallow , with no life and nothing to do . 
  it did n't feel like a real world . 
  no lore , no backstories on anything , just a plain city with tons of npcs doing nothing, 
  i just ca n't rate highly something that 's so clearly unfinished . 
  i know it 's most likely not the devs fault but it 's still an unfinished product and with so much stuff being cut i can only imagine how good it * could 've * been . 
  but as it stands , it 's an unfinished pile of ideas sewn together with an above average story, 
  lol the victim complex, 
  i do n't know if you 're serious about just talking with a 16-17 year old . 
  how immature you think they are ? 
   if she was a he , and black , and killed someone, 
  yes because having sex with someone is same as killing someone . 
  what did you want to accomplish with that lol ? 
  `` if he committed a different crime he would be tried differently '', 
  great job, 
  heh as a serbian , listening to niko in iv was an interesting experience to say the least, 
  that 's why its waved almost every time it 's used as a punishment , usually by a probation officer ( if they can bother ), 
  oh i get it , i 'm talking about just talking with them , not having a functional relationship . 
  they had one good batch of players who dominated in the 50s . 
  they were never actually good in producing talent consistently . 
  that does n't say much about him , your strikers are shite apart from kane, 
  if you 're bashing people based on a flair , why do n't you have one so we can insult your club too ? 
  is it that hard to grasp the fact that psg has a better team than arsenal or city ? 
  they proved it in the cl , and that 's all he 's saying, 
  bravo, 
  who expects spreadsheets when playing a * football * manager game, 
  he played anywhere in the front 3 in 4-3-3 for us and imo he was best on the wings because of his pace . 
  he played as the main striker and behind mitrovic , but all that pace was going to waste not playing on the wings, 
  he 's gon na get odd fa and league cup games , and near the end of the season cameos , that 's about it, 
  how is it a meme saying he had a shit haircut ? 
  they 're atrocious and i like making fun of them . 
  just because they earn millions and every girl would fuck them does n't mean they do n't look like bellends, 
  that was n't even a penalty lol , completely killed the match that red card, 
  let me guess , a nerdy quirky girl that 's into games and stuff , but is also insanely hot and love sports ? 
  imo it 's because of you . 
  you made him to be dependent of you . 
  if he was raised as a working dog he would do just fine . 
  not bashing you just my opinion, 
  i mean as in playing them, 
  you are n't far off the attendance, 
   he is england 's best midfielder by a mile when he is fit and on form, 
  so basically one month every season ? 
  that 's hardly any good , key to being a great player is consistency . 
  i ca n't rate a guy who 's unfortunately spending majority of his life injured , no matter how good he can be , which is a shame , because he had the potential to be very good , as we could see at rare times he was fit and playing for england, 
  on the second look , it looks like i just repeated his post, 
  and you should brag , having a great so is something you 're always allowed to brag about imo . 
  anita did play as a lb or rb at ajax iirc occasionally, 
  why would you not want us ? 
  :( ( also we did n't want you anyway !, 
  it was in 2006 and 2010 too, 
  okay bro whatever you want to tell yourself . 
  but its independence in 2008 meant nothing as they were still part of serbia and serbian government institutions in kosovo were only closed in 2013 with the brussels deal, 
  fifa only recognized kosovo in 2014 too, 
  i 'd rather people be blunt and say `` fuck you i think youre wrong '' than this pseudo intellectual passive aggressive shit you people say lol, 
  no please we 're not all like this, 
  i 'm very well aware of the timeline since it involves my country , but i wo n't get into a debate on this in / r/soccer since i see you 're very eager to continue, 
  i have better things to do than get into arguments on the internet m8, 
  simeone and his latest telepathic training, 
  pep 's barca in no way influenced academies and coaches to train the passing game . 
  i 'd say that it 's other way around , his team was the result of that coaching . 
  pep 's barca `` tiki taka '' was influenced by cryuff 's total football so i 'd say that every team who tried to emulate that ajax or barca side is infulenced to an extent ? 
  arsenal likes to play those short passes on top of my head , spain 's nt in it 's 2008-12 era too , not really sure whats their tactic now . 
  yes , what i 'm trying to say is that the passing training started very well before pep 's era , they just reaped the rewards of that tactic in the 2008-12 era, 
  why did you ask the question when you obviously know the answer then ? 
  really ? 
  it was a joke lol, 
  lol, 
  i think you might be watching too many mid 2000s films, 
  back off bro it 's me, 
  lol what, 
  did you use bold 9000 ? 
  best keyboard ever, 
  haha you sound like that 13 year old that always makes stuff up to be in center of attention, 
  do you lot still wear stone island windbreakers and adidas gazelles on matchday ? 
  it was popular here in serbia along with burberry styled everything a few years back , then i went to london and only chavs wore it, 
  i used to see chavs with burberry caps , but obviously they were n't original . 
  it was the pattern that was popular, 
  more like, 
  rooney : `` i wonder if anyone know whrn the premier league startet . . th new one '', 
  if pedro 's gone i can see munir getting even more time at barca tbh, 
  as oposed to northern rock ? 
  lol, 
  almost did n't recognize the crest . 
  when did you get the new one ? 
  atm you 're not , and people hate your obnoxious online fans , not the club, 
  imo it came down to experience , and your squad had plenty, 
  i really like it myself too , i 'm a sucker for minimalism tho . 
  bit weird it does n't have any text on it but it 's class otherwise, 
  you fool think of the juicy secrets you 're missing out !, 
  yeah this sole egg i boiled 5 days ago will do, 
  lol ye , took me a 2nd look to figure what club it is , at a first glance it looked like some al ahli-generic-team . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted lol , if this exchange happened in real life he would look like a cunt , but this is reddit wcyd, 
   which dwarfs any actual talent he may possess, 
  no it does not lol, 
  i do n't know if you 're serious , but parma was a 2nd/3rd tier league team and got all their players from parmalat money owned by a shady criminal , who eventually got jailed and when parmalat bankrupted , the club did too . 
  hardly any history , they were a shitty serie d/b team until a shady millionaire bankrolled them to some cups in the 90 's . 
  reminds me of you lot actually,
