  game of the two years, 
  just pirate them all , you have complete pack torrents with all dlc 's combined, 
  and hes white, 
   what else do you wear in summer when it 's too hot for jeans, 
  normal shorts ? 
  lol you just wandered here like a child with your comment, 
  odakle ti to ? 
  guess it 's cdm then ? 
  iirc about 90 ? 
  i watched for overall more , because i had a budget of 500k and needed every player i could get, 
  on pc with moddingway mod, 
  3rd season mate, 
  especially with this years love for cpu crosses, 
  so i went ahead and edited his position to lm while yelling `` fuck you ea '' and his overall obviously went up . 
  i just might get that 6th place now . 
  editing involves using cheatengine to find his position id ( lb = 7 ) and changing it to lm id ( which is 16 ), 
   editing involves using cheatengine to find his position id ( lb = 7 ) and changing it to lm id ( which is 16 ), 
  if you have time and will i could explain it to you, 
  yep, 
  i prefer the original , how often do you hear hungarian rock song from the 80s in a game trailer ? 
  basically i was using this as a base, 
  and using this list http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=iwyiuwjp, 
  for position id 's . 
  it involves about 2mins of work . 
  so for example you want to convert cb ( id 5 ) to striker ( id 25 ), 
  you would need to :, 
  go to edit player , open some cb to edit and scan for 5 in cheatengine, 
  now it will obviously open around 50 results for 5 only , but you got ta watch for changes . 
  close the edit of that cb and open some st player next . 
  alt tab to cheatengine and you will see some number values are changed to 25 ( id of a striker ), 
  now there 's gon na be a couple of them so just switch back and forth from a striker to cb ( that you want to switch ) until you find a value that represent current position . 
  this honestly i ca n't explain and you 'll require at least basic grasp of how cheatengine works and how it scans . 
  i figured it out by myself so it 's not that hard at all . 
  in reality , all you do is open the player edit of a striker - number 25 would appear ;, 
  open the player edit of cb - number 5 would appear . 
  if you locate that one value that changes based on what player you are editing atm , you can then go to the cb , alt tab and change the value 5 to 25 . 
  alt tab back to the game and your change will be applied in real time . . 
  it 's 10am and i have n't got any sleep so sorry for this mess of a text, 
  oh god and i thought my winger was great . . 
  i recommend you do n't sell him because then you 'll have money to buy everyone you like . . 
  which is not fun at all, 
  yes it 's disrespectful , better share it even more, 
  can i get source of this, 
  this is not / r/askhistorians , you 're allowed to speculate, 
  is n't that where common sense prevail , even if she 's lower rank than you , she 's still a nurse and if she says you stand still you should stand still, 
  why not, 
  i do n't think learning to code is `` rare '', 
  yeah , you 're right . . 
  cheers, 
  you spend more time shitting on this guy instead of engaging in some form of discussion . 
  shame the guy was downvoted and your smugness is accepted here, 
  how did you manage to get moura and insigne , and it 's only jan 2014 ? 
  i had like 10mill euro budget at the start ( newest database ), 
  call me stupid but i still do n't get how with all that you can get 80mill to spend . 
  and sold castan for 2mill ? 
  is n't he after benatia your best cb ? 
  damn , soldier culture really is a big thing in us, 
  no i would n't . 
  army service was mandatory here until few years ago anyway so no need to pretend . . 
  also soldiers here are n't seen as some heroes that deserve infinite praise and respect so i do n't think anyone would give a fuck, 
   this is n't some `` lol stupid americans '' debacle . 
  no one said it was, 
  why do you live in iraq then, 
  we do n't need posts , there 's steam status at the top, 
  that 's pretty cheap :d, 
  so are you not bored of a team with superstars ? 
   a cut, 
  to the head, 
  by a footballer, 
  you are forgetting how did he get the cut, 
  i 've seen my share of dead people laying around and this definitely looks like one of them, 
  it really depends on how he died , where he got shot/stabbed and if he died immediately . . 
  source : i got access to crime scene photos ( and also you could just look up crime scene photos on the internet , you could probably see more than me ), 
  . . what, 
  heh , france also used the white flag for some time in the 17th and 18th century, 
  well that explains a lot, 
  title reads like a gw post, 
  are you serious ? 
  he 's been `` linked '' with you guys for like 3 or 4 years now, 
  this is andrewsmith1986 all over again, 
  bunch of people not contributing anything just randomly typing love letters to the guy, 
  i love how you insulted all the third world countries in the process, 
  that other guy sounds like a retard too, 
  could you tell me in which `` several third world countries '' you 've been then ? 
  i just hate the bullet sponge enemies, 
  who the fuck calls it british football ? 
  either you call it soccer or football, 
  that 's probably because they 're albanian, 
  really ? 
  when i played 2.0 on release , i had to empty 2 magazines into a bandit rookie to kill him . 
  i hope you had permission to post her picture , otherwise it 's just weird, 
   if i lived in europe i would most likely be a hooligan . 
  haha, 
  what do you consider `` europe '' ? 
  there 's tons of different cultures in europe and hooliganism is definitely not represented in every country , just like it is in russia ( which is far from generic european country ), 
  how can you make fun of someone while using that overused shitty doge talk, 
  i laughed at the title for so long, 
  is n't lucas a converted attacking mid too ? 
  i know you are you cheeky cunt , i wanted to argue but too much hassle, 
  cheers,
