  which is expected given that one is a manager simulation and other an arcade game . . 
  how rich are you, 
  haha like a kid that got too much money , which is basically what he is, 
   the same government that put a man on the moon and developed the first nuclear weapon . 
  well technically it 's not the same one , because there 's a 40 year difference between them, 
  haha , nice , so how was he ? 
  i ca n't imagine him being a cunt right ? 
  heard he 's a nice guy, 
  but it 's call of duty , a game where you kill thousands of people, 
  and being an asshole is n't really an excuse for that kind of kick to the head is it ? 
  implying that i can actually catch that fast motherfucker and pet it, 
  yes, 
  implying anyone follows reddiquette, 
  #  this is how you imply, 
  #  this is how the 2nd one is implied, 
  also this is not 4chan dude , stop implying !, 
  mind explaining it to me who dragovich is ? 
  and darron gibson playing for them !, 
  it 's sad that there are separate discussions for actual normal discussion , and that you ca n't expect that on the default subreddits . . 
  but nope ? 
  kill it with fire , nope , id rather take a bus ? 
  amiright ? 
  am i fucking right please someone look at me and my funny jokes, 
  how is two hours too late ? 
  also do n't you have a job or something do to , so you wo n't have to worry about your comments doing well ? 
  who gives a fuck, 
  they just attract idiots who will say stuff like oh my god its you !, 
  or great insight by musty ballsack / anal queen, 
  did i say it does mean ? 
  and i do n't really care about them or their karma scores , i just hate the people that follow them with those retarded remarks, 
  reddit . . teens . . what 's the difference, 
  fuck you , this is just another way to derail threads with your attempts at being funny , so yeah we can see that the no score shown thing is absolutely not working . . 
  what the fuck, 
  it says malouda is training with the u21 's haha , he 's basically in reserves now . . shame how such a decent player can end up, 
  yeah i get it , i always say that to myself when i see footballers losing , `` at least they earn a shit ton of money '' . 
  but then again when you play football all your life and you genuinely love it i do n't think you would care about money at that point , and you would just want to play football . 
  could it be rendered , i mean not really actual gameplay ? 
  they are related in a way that they are both fucked up things to do, 
  check his twitter sometimes , you will get it, 
  oh cmon , fiber internet before universal healthcare ? 
  1 like = 1 homeless man saved, 
   well , actually i 'm very intelligent, 
  haha, 
  also no one called you an idiot, 
  it 's okay we get it , you like fifa, 
  i wish people bought me xbox controllers, 
  as a joke, 
  you 're saying as if they disabled upvotes/downvotes . . 
  it 's still there , you can upvote and do n't need to reply with `` i agree '' . . you just ca n't see the score immediately . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  it 's a shitty thing , because if everyone disagrees with my shitty opinion i should be downvoted right ? 
  could you explain to me how does it `` delay '' the discussion ? 
  nothing is changed , you just ca n't see the number of votes a post have for 3hours . 
  you can still do literally everything you did 10 days ago , the only difference are hidden votes for 3 hours . . 
   not everyone logs into the internet so they can have `` relevant discussion on important topics . 
  wow but is n't this sub for that ? 
  discussion about football , not reaction gifs and one liners ? 
  i have no problem if you go to / r/funny and / r/adviceanimals , but turning every subreddit into a bastard child of those two . . please, 
   without the upvote/downvote ability , many of us would follow the game elsewhere, 
  i honestly do n't get this , you guys talk about voting adding a sense of community . . 
  so all those forums like rawk are not about the community because there 's no voting ? 
  also there is still voting , only hidden for a while , why would you want to know if a post has 20 upvotes ? 
  or read the fucking comments, 
  imagine having a conversation with actual comments , not upvotes and downvotes, 
  china bad us good ok ? 
  i would like to actually see the 80-90 's one , heard stories it was quite a city back then, 
  have you seen him doing an interview ? 
  he 's extremely well spoken and intelligent, 
  i think you 're looking into this a bit too much . . 
  i personally want to just discuss and talk to people here , not worry about votes and if the guy i 'm talking to is getting downvoted . . 
  how do you know he was a nazi ? 
  what 's couple of gems a day ? 
  you got 1 downvote ? 
  i respect your efforts, 
  hah , still do n't think it warrants a `` downvotes , really ? '', 
  edit, 
  hehe, 
  it was not really a mod , they just used the source engine , and valve bought off the studio during development, 
  hm , i do n't know , but i just did a google to refresh my memory and picked this, 
   valve corporation announces the acquisition of turtle rock studios, 
  why would he be loyal to qpr , he and other this season singings ? 
  who would expect m'bia or remy , or park to be loyal to qpr ? 
  join us in our plans to immigrate over at / r/serbia, 
  falcao, 
  i guess it 's that ? 
  just a thought, 
  i called it dragao stadium , and i 'm not portugese . . is it only me ? 
  we need a fucking striker, 
  who plays fm with real or barca ? 
  the real barca crest is just too mainstream for him, 
  i can see you 're working hard to regain that karma, 
  they did n't release it yet officially , that could be a fake, 
  they both are fake , but i guess that 's the * for, 
  ye , the black purple one , saw that . 
  imo the gk white kit would be a nice 3rd kit, 
  really zaha in starting xi haha, 
  maybe he tried hard, 
  le trolle jose 2013, 
  probably that chelsea never had any specific pattern on their shirts , just plain blues / red in bayern case, 
  haha i know , but it 's adidas and those 2 clubs have had pretty plain kits in recent years ( bayern had a striped one in 2007 ?
