  i think the point was to subvert reality though through technology and in this case the tech was just modern day stuff , i.e. 
  television . 
  please do n't, 
  would n't that be a holocoaster ? 
   not exactly a daily occurance  you know what was a daily occurrence ? 
  the holocaust . 
  [ i am altering the deal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsw9mlyu31g ), 
  we 're already helping them by being the largest aid donor . 
  w is not a v !, 
   i think it 's powerful photo . 
  it 's also a clich\u00e9d , unoriginal , generic piece of lazy propaganda . 
  it 's the post-terminator 2 sequels of protesting against riot police . 
  i guess it can be people of crucifix too, 
  you know what else reminds me of the holocaust ? 
  the holocaust . 
  the holocaust, 
  americans only see $ signs . 
  well done , eastern europe . 
  top kek !, 
  no i mean there must surely be areas where it 's just isis right ? 
  so remove all that . 
   our plan of action should be to defend those cities instead of maintaining our support to the rebel groups thirsty for alawite and christian blood . 
  i 'm totally fine with bombing runs on isis . 
  i think if we replace manufacturing jobs with robots we can afford to give unemployed money free money . 
  in the future people might not even need to work if we have robot do everything for us . 
  it 's more likely we 'll have a time where half of all jobs vanish , so we 'll have to give people free money while the other half works . 
   alter the deal [ you know what this is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsw9mlyu31g ), 
  but people were crying that we should n't do anything , now people are crying we should 've done something . 
  so is poland oppressive , white country yet or is it still oppressed , ethnic minority people who are allowed to be racist ? 
  i still do n't understand how trade can take place between people not in the eu . 
  nop, 
  i did nat see that coming . 
  she is denmarkian . 
  he 's also in favour of leaving the eu . 
  this is a bizarre time for politics . 
  oh no , those poor children who wo n't get raped . 
   it is literally only muslims who ca n't integrate . 
  m8 dats so wacist, 
  thing is , if you did it then you shout `` waaaaaahhhhhheeeeeeyy ! '', 
  rather than act embarrassed , unless people definitely know it 's you . 
  there is simply no excuse to exclude the people who think differently to yourself . 
   monkeys or homo habilis are not our ancestors , we share an hypothetical theoretical common one with them . 
  except there 's no proof of evolution . 
  maybe put them elsewhere too ? 
   the iraq war was a mistake i dunno , at least we wo n't get people complaining over tyrants any more . 
  sanctions on fellow eu members ? 
  jesus you 've just defeated the point of the eu now ... 
  careful not to talk through a single megaphone - you might alert someone ... 
  in the uk , by law a building may not be called a bar or pub if you can receive mobile signal . 
   if 100k is a city [ actually no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_davids ), 
  til the bnp is the primary leaders of the british eurosceptic movement . 
  a small price to pay to avoid some shitstain letting illegal immigrants into the schengen area knowing they 'll move away towards other countries . 
  it 's fucking stupid to make it a yes/no thing . 
  you can not fuck up with this `` new '' question and answer option , assuming it gets taken on . 
  there is no need for yes/no things unless it 's certain policies like making gay marriage legal , if it was put to referendum for instance . 
  there 's literally no reason to make it a yes/no question , especially word it as `` should the uk remain in the eu ? '', 
  because the issue has been brought up whether we leave it or not , not whether we stay or not . 
  i like the idea of open borders , or at least the ability to remove borders for certain people , rather than if you somehow sneak into the eu you get free reign anywhere completely borderless . 
  usually we get stuff like `` but how are they british if britain = gb '' anyway , not our fault that area is devolved, 
  welcome to the club , ireland . 
  therefore , i guess he 's not a racist then, 
  he means we are n't in schengen and also have a large body of water to dilute the amount of people who can physically get here . 
  oh god , the side of the guy 's leg is just flat ... like tightly packaged rice or noodles . 
  fuck the people who thought putting them in there was a good idea . 
  well yeah , i kind of meant including stopping that from properly manifesting in someone . 
  also nato . 
  we 'd send a fleet up to st petersburg and fire upon it , or nukes . 
  what 's the emergency rooms for ? 
  cleaning them to make sure they do n't get infections ? 
  make sure they not pregnant ? 
   offer a legal way in for some are you implying we do n't take in asylum seekers ? 
  just because you did n't build a wall does n't mean we should n't especially since our country is the more desirable location . 
  that was i 'd say if i was a murderous , jedi extremist about to drill into their brain . 
  they are n't here temporarily , but we are meant to think they are . 
   imagine if someone had managed to prevent one of the suicide bombings on 7/7 . 
  did the passengers of united 93 get honoured for causing the plane to crash into a field avoiding hitting a building ? 
  but its not as if israel 's neighbours are n't anti-jewish , so yeha, 
  is it kind of like knighting someone or giving them order of the british empire etc ? 
  i would say that would be a bit of an overreaction to knight someone for this . 
  the guy who kicked a terrorist in the balls did n't get knighted , though i 'm not sure what other special recognitions we do in this country . 
  you know like the equivalent to `` key to the city '' etc. 
   arabs are semitic people actually . 
  a point brought up in the same manner as `` hispanics are white '' and `` hispanics are n't white '' . 
   also it 's not like israel is ` safe ' for jews . 
  plenty of attacks take place there too , probably even more than in europe . 
  depends . 
  there 's more rockets and terrorist attacks but there 's more neo-nazis in europe . 
  illegals in care homes ? 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  and then what ? 
  deported ? 
  no , that 's not going to happen . 
  the only reason anyone slips through security is because they 're not specifically being looked for . 
  some random illegal gets in ? 
  pure luck . 
  this guy 's picture will be everywhere . 
  even if he got in , he 'll get killed by someone . 
  i 'd love to see the courts send someone to prison for killing this guy . 
   also , this picture shows the plane just before the crash . 
  it was at that moment he knew he fucked up,
