  i 'd imagine the suspect 's father was a drinker ... 
  to be fair , i might make a bot which replies to someone every time they use a letter of the alphabet and each use of a letter gets a reply . 
  so ale is a word for beer in english , but lager is n't ? 
  where the fuck is lager on this map ? 
   which you can see from the data is not the case - the 30,000 uk nationals claiming in the rest of the eu are outnumbered by the uk-based claimants from just the top four countries - poland , slovakia , portugal and czech republic . 
  but is n't there more britons than people from these countries ? 
  i think in terms of youtube videos , those servers are in the us so us law applies . 
  ca n't believe other takedowns are done though . 
  eu should tell them to fuck off . 
  i 'm sure it 'll appear in a russian dashcam montage on [ 7 car crash compilation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/7carcrashcompilation ), 
  in our town we have a pub that does guest ales at # 2.50 like weatherspoons . 
  there was a hotel bar which charged # 6.50 for the only non-lager they had , guinness . 
  did n't even have pumps , just cans and bottles . 
  load of shit . 
   cider they actually think it 's apple juice, 
  what i 'd like to see is make all our diplomats to russia and saudi arabia homosexuals and then criticise those states if they complain . 
  then if the diplomats are harmed , it is an act of war . 
  well i doubt anyone 's going to take your spanish citizenship away . 
  you 'd be fine to dump it but the new catalonian citizenship wo n't be applicable to eu citizenship without a catalonian seat in the eu . 
  i hope this does n't cause them to nuke me . 
  if we had reform in how the eu is run i 'd be a lot more in favour of staying . 
  i 'm not a staunch outie though because i 'll always see potential . 
  i 'm happy with the things brought in , such as my health insurance covering me in the eu , the removal of roaming charges for mobile internet and phone , support for internet users like fighting against microsoft forcing browsers on people and being anti-censorship/anti-internet filters . 
  even the idea of open borders is useful but we are n't satisfied with the result of just letting people in to just move through the continent to calais trying to get here . 
  i 'd support uk involvement in removing them and safeguarding the mediterranean border from this . 
  i 'll never understand why after rescuing people from boats they brought them to the eu instead of back the other way . 
  at least dump them on the right continent , for goodness sake . 
  sadly for the uk , we also do n't often tend meet people from the continent unless we 're going on holiday . 
  no-one wants to bother with a daytrip to france because it involves going one specific way , compared to places on the continent where you can just easily get to the other country by car . 
  so we 're missing out in that respect but that ca n't be helped . 
   germany is an country of immigration is there anywhere which technically is n't ? 
  it 's getting annoying hearing this everywhere . 
  used to think innocent landlords would get caught up in this like the lorry drivers but you need all sorts of details from a tennent , so screw them . 
  like employing people without national insurance . 
  and dashcams, 
  ** it 's funny because that 's all they wear **, 
  all sorts . 
  mostly tend to be cider and lager adverts on tv , do n't often see ale ones other than james may doing london pride , which springs to mind . 
  also perhaps spitfire . 
  then some whisky adverts . 
  i remember jack daniels adverts . 
  not sure about local whiskies like bell 's or pendaryn or english whisky co. . then there 's russian standard vodka ones . 
  i think that 's it , other than the odd wine advert . 
  wkd etc never seen anything like absinthe adverts . 
  i have a feeling that 's not allowed . 
  was n't aware the continentals were so strict on it . 
  in terms of how its advertised they can sometimes be cheesey . 
  with things like strongbow there 's a kind of feel good national pride , pretty much the way yorkshire tea is advertised . 
  there was a carling/carlsberg one where four astronauts were promised some secrets of the universe from some nebulae but one of them was n't allowed to see because he was wearing trainers so the group is like `` nah you 're alright mate '' to the nebulae and go off together . 
  `` probably rubbish anyway '' . 
  so we do humour with some of our adverts . 
  not really strict or serious about advertising alcohol . 
  vodka ones tend to be exotic russian couple flirting or some russian nightclub . 
  was n't aiming it at you . 
  well maybe the east can have it 's little `` unified military zone '' the same as the eurozone does n't include everyone . 
  then if things are n't okay , the uk can step in as the god tier to help out . 
  our weekdays already come from our norse gods . 
  ironically, 
  `` oh you speak english ? 
  american . '', 
  that would depend on whether the idea of punching up or down was aimed in our mockery of ireland . 
   jack black : `` actually it 's schaeuble '', 
  because they 're inferior . 
  ... but ... it 's spain ... ? 
  i 'm all for it . 
  what was the death rate of people going there from the uk anyway ? 
  it looked pretty good . 
   `` but when the world needed her most , she held a referendum and quit the union . '', 
  i admire obama . 
  when was the last time someone got a nobel peace prize and bombed muslims ? 
  that takes some pretty hefty skill . 
  why the hell is the whole of scotland `` gaels '' but northern ireland is `` english '' ? 
  i really have n't seen many non-british european films , so i 'll just say the fifth element ( france ) . 
  not many else come to mind . 
  the drama , the media coverage , the response to original drama creator by the refugee etc. 
  why is immigration turning into the only way is essex ? 
  i guess it is , you do n't see many soldiers from before the 20th century wearing it . 
  well coloured me surprised . 
  she locked her cousin in the tower . 
  mein f\u00fchrer , jew lookin ' at me ? 
  even our french influences originally came from norse lands . 
  the uk is northern european . 
  we are on the same latitude as norway , sweden and denmark . 
  and we have the same cultural and ethnic background . 
  does sound to be a mountain over a molehill . 
  like in the uk , before our gay marriage was legalised , we had civil partnerships which gave the same rights . 
  so supporting gay marriage was just about giving people the right to use the word `` marriage '' rather than anything of substance or an increase in rights . 
  however in the usa they did n't have this , so it 's much more of a bigger deal . 
  oh okay then . 
  i guess that sucks . 
  how long to you reckon ? 
  i guess the uk can relax and recognise catalonia now the scottish referendum is done . 
  i went to barcelona on the way to almeria . 
  it was lovely . 
  had a mcdonald 's . 
  have a referendum , unless your only policy is independence . 
   what the fuck is even going on ? 
    what is this vote for ? 
  what was the last one for ? 
  [ i 'm 12 years old and what is this ?
