   theres nothing odd about splitting the uk into smaller entities . 
  thats essentially what the uk . 
  it just seem strange to only do it with one country and not with any other the others . 
   so you 'd get a blurr of dots that are hard to define and then a vast swathe of unused land in england and wales and indeed scotland too . 
  so basically like every other country listed on the map not broken down into a smaller form other than the united kingdom ? 
  i like how you 've included every part of every other country they filmed in , except for the united kingdom . 
  i think the last crappy toys i got from a cartoon were beyblades . 
  at least it felt like the show . 
   `` germany has many foreign military bases and it 's common to see armoured vehicles on public roads in the country . '', 
  that does n't read right . 
  they should say `` there are many foreign military bases in germany '' because it sounds like it 's talking about bases in other countries that belong to germany . 
   til that 's even a thing seriously ? 
  so why does the snp get to use ` yes ' to mean independence but we ca n't get it to be ` should the uk leave the eu ? ', 
  question ? 
  it should n't be yes or no , it should be ` leave or stay ' . 
  a tonne of people are just going to capitalise on the fact that ` yes ' sounds positive and have things like ` yes we can ' or ` yes united kingdom ' . 
   this is a definite advantage to the pro-eu side . 
  like having google and starbucks channel it 's taxes to ireland ? 
   ireland will never agree to this unless it is fair . 
  people call us right wing tory voting bigots whenever we cut taxes , but supposedly the socialist left wing celtic tiger ireland gets a free pass from the guardian and the left wing for having lower tax rates . 
  so what you 're saying is that they do n't have ` yes ' or ` no ' in galic but they come up with something just for the sake of having galic there even though yes and no have probably been added to the irish lexicon ? 
  sticking an irish phrase on there instead of just ` yes ' ` no ', 
  i guess any excuse to invent a sense of bilingualness even if it goes against all logic . 
  sorry ca n't hear you over our stable currency . 
  i was confusing it with divorce . 
  but then , how will it be hundreds of years behind the uk in civil liberties ? 
  it would be like saying india and africa is rightfully ours . 
  meanwhile are those accounts still signed off ? 
  i think it 's alright . 
  does that mean we win ? 
  note they label it as beer and not alcohol in general . 
  willing to bet we drink more whisky and cider than they do . 
   with which the british bought time basically world of warcraft tokens, 
  german chancellor single handedly took out the leader of the nazis . 
  goddamn it , sikhs , hindus and buddhists . 
  always causing trouble . 
  no wonder people hate them so much . 
  i 'm sure we in the uk would do something as well , but we 'd probably be told we 're racist for having our own culture . 
  it 's going to be funny . 
  what is likely is a labour-snp coalition and everyone 's going to mock labour because they 've ruled out a coalition with the snp . 
  mass starvation . 
  execution of people trying to get to europe . 
  there is a limit on the number of people that can be fed . 
  it 's not going to be pretty . 
  we 'll probably end up having to enact a system of government which monitors the food we eat , probably eat from rations . 
  they might even have limits on the number of children we can have . 
  probably will be like a dictatorship , incredibly strict rules to manage the population . 
  expect culls, 
  i 'm kind of looking forwards to the results . 
  it 's going to be so messed up , i 'll be laughing my fucking arse off when everyone who says they wo n't go into coalition wo n't go into coalition . 
  even with a new coalition it 's going to be hilarious . 
  transylvania , if it was filmed by peter jackson . 
  `` coming over here , taking our germany '', 
  maybe not have them go to germany ? 
  well yeah , i was n't saying you could n't physically take the cannabis over but you 'll get stopped if caught because of the law . 
   there 's no border . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps?hl=en ) you see that grey line ? 
  it becomes illegal to possess the cannabis once you cross it , once this become decriminalised . 
  well yeah but i meant we had missiles in turkey aimed at russia while the russian had their in cuba aimed at the us . 
  i can imagine the demand for cannabis would go down in ni . 
  just go south if you want any . 
  only problem is bringing any back but it wont really be as underground as before because people prefer to buy proper vetted goods over the dodgy black market . 
  i guess turkey 's going to be pulling a lot of diplomats . 
  was n't it because turkey was allied with nato in the cold war ? 
  that 's a bit different to denial though . 
  my history gcse class covered conflict in ireland when they could 've just done something else . 
  we also did the american west with all the settlers , manifest destiny , natives etc. 
  top kek, 
  what if i deny god 's genocide of earth in the noah 's arc story ? 
  germany : `` no western front this time , assholes '', 
  i kind of like the eu and kind of do n't . 
  i think a larger state is in order , a larger country of countries as well as the open borders . 
  but perhaps this should reflect the gdp of the said countries . 
  also , would be nice to trade with the anglosphere too . 
  i do n't remember anyone disputing the term `` british isles '' in the 1800s so why bring it up now ? 
  colonialism is evil . 
  look how it destroyed rhodesia . 
  look how better off it is now . 
  it 's not racist if he 's the same race as the german people in general . 
  [ i thought england was red and white ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/b/be/flag_of_england.svg/250px-flag_of_england.svg.png ), 
  no but people do like to absolve non-whites from the atlantic slave trade . 
  another factor is the amount of people that speak it . 
  swedes and germans and french might learn english to talk to each other , but what is the use of a briton learning any of these ? 
  ( meaning no disrespect to french , germans or swedes ) sure there are places that would speak french and german that would open up new opportunities but it 's not on the same scale as english . 
  spanish is useful as there are a lot of speakers , same with mandarin . 
  however , how does south america make trade agreements with china ? 
  they speak english . 
  so what 's the use ? 
  this is a hole we 're stuck in . 
  obviously , if you move to germany , france , spain , sweden you should learn the local language , but without going there it takes an awful lot of effort whereas people from said countries can incentivise learning english even if they never move to england or the uk and there 's plenty of media to encourage it . 
  and once you learn a new language , it makes it easier to learn another , whereas in the uk we set our eyes on english speaking media and do n't get the ball rolling , in terms of becoming bilingual . 
   oh no , that 's a word now [ thanks ants . 
  thants ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2p2ptv48zg ), 
  everyone is already homogenised from something else . 
  it 's called standardisation . 
  i kind of envy those from other countries who have their own language but are bilingual as a result of media and culture , and have a lot of incentives like british and american films and tv , but also gaming . 
   in my experience native anglophones are usually pretty ignorant of non-english speaking countries . 
  so in your experience most english speakers think only english is spoken ? 
   meanwhile extremist christian groups such as the lord 's resistance army are massacring children and women in uganda , yet go completely forgotten yeah but people would be upset if they were in europe though .
