  and police are , for some reason , powerless because `` muh human rights '' nonsense . 
  they should all be deported and never allowed to come to the uk , let alone gb . 
  maybe we should send `` unite against fascism '' to help the ukrainian armed forces . 
  good . 
  should n't have murdered over a hundred dutch people along with various other innocent , foreign civilians . 
  fuck their separatists . 
  i have a feeling this may be for the benefit of the industry and not for the consumer . 
  i do n't see a difference between this and region locking games . 
  aha yeah , people will start painting their clothes with this, 
  i like how they imply only men urinate in public . 
  ya i totally am against the banning of women from stem but they do n't mostly chose that field . 
  only the patriarchy could override the basic survival instinct of capitalism . 
  there is no pay gap , certainly for the same amount of work . 
  the only thing true is the type of work and work hours gap . 
  i just like how despite being a `` nazi '' country you 'll forever be a more free society than they will ever be . 
  it 's the one plan that does that right ? 
  not to be confused with the all you can eat plan . 
  unlimited calls and texts on o2 in the uk for about # 22 a month . 
  also 1gig data 4g . 
  is n't it everything south of the forth essentially never been gaelic ? 
  like how cornwall survived not being as english for so long ? 
  my mum and gran are going on a baltic cruise to a load of cities , from between copenhagen to helsinki , tallinn and st petersberg . 
  i 'm only worried for them for their st petersberg trip , but then if anything happened to them it would be the end of tourism to st petersberg . 
  i doubt everything has gone tits up all over russia , although all those car crash compilations make me fearful because of the road system i often see a lot of flaws with it . 
  hopefully they wo n't get run over . 
  personally i think the baltics are rather unknown to us . 
  my parents grew up with this huge block west of germany called ussr and there 's kind of an assumption that the de-occupied states became like yugoslavia when they 're closer to nordic . 
  it 's kind of like discovering a new country because we tend to dismiss eastern europe . 
  there 's an opportunity to develop into a nordic country , especially as you 're all quite low populated . 
  ( though maybe more desnsely populated than a nordic country ) also skype came out of estonia , so there 's something . 
   i do n't see how being part of scandinavia would make you safer . 
  i think the nordic connection might make them more desirable to us . 
  i presume when you sink it it goes down . 
  i only said it because i covered multiple vehicle types , there 's no need to be autistic over it . 
  never as much win as belgian congo though, 
  yeah just let them get away will killing our people . 
  we can just sit here and fucking take it . 
  if it happens again , just shoot down all russian planes and ships . 
  they even call them their own ethnic group , even though there 's nothing that distinguishes them from british isles natives other than they live in caravans . 
  also illegally trespass on your land while the state and police does fuck all to reimburse you for damages/make the gypsies pay for damages . 
  if anyone 's a gypsy and does n't fuck people over , i 'm sorry but this is the only exposure we ever have to this sort of thing . 
  these were long term relationships though . 
  this is n't simply being used for information , they 've put time into a relationship which was false . 
  some had kids though and had undercover marriages . 
  this is fucking awful . 
  why only certain ones and not all ? 
  but ... how am i supposed to sue makers of cancer cures for making me lose money while improving quality of life ... ? 
  in all fairness , i think we all do . 
  get rekt you rats . 
  closest mine was was doing hymns , as well as other songs , i think maybe the occasional prayer and things like the nativity but i think that 's fine . 
  they say of the acropolis , where the parthenon is ... is lit up with the french tricolour . 
  there was the madrid train bombings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings, 
   because it would break the schengen agreement . 
  schengen is just no border controls , right ? 
  i 'd imagine very few people would struggle , as long as they pass intense security checks . 
  i guess schengen is dead then . 
  well if isis is becoming an organised state with power and influence , even if it means coordinating attacks like this , then we can just declare war on it . 
  fucking build a wall dickheads . 
  i think my upvotes speaks for itself, 
   america thought those freedom fighters in afghanistan were the good guys too , only some of the murajhadin became taliban , not all of them, 
  good , the kurds , along with the yazidi , are the good guys in this and are completely unprotected . 
  just put un peace troops near them to protect them . 
  `` the holocaust never happened '', 
  dunno have n't ax crush molly played it , only know about the performance complaints about one of the consoles . 
  how are the swedish democrats polling now ? 
  kind of vague , could n't be arsed to name a single ** government policy ** despite using the phrase in their shitty article . 
   `` i do n't think they are doing that for people who become christian , hindu and jewish - or atheists , even . 
  why is it just islam ? '', 
  maybe because christians , hindus , jews and atheists are n't killing people over drawings or flying out to their fellow religious zealots to commit genocide ? 
   people who become christian , hindu and jewish - or atheists also , notice how the bigot suggests these groups of people `` become christian/jewish/hindu / atheist '' because muslims believe everyone is a muslim by default , but for some reason all these `` muslims by default '' are `` discriminating '' against muslims . 
  what a load of fucking rubbish . 
  fantastic , as long as it 's not on the xbone because that was clocking in 0fps . 
   here 's penrhyn quarry in bethesda , it 's full of water now . 
  maybe if they stopped making elder scrolls and fallout games and got their arse in gear , it would be better . 
   one russian deputy was quoted in the russian press as saying he thought the uk 's decision to stop flights to sharm el-sheikh was a ` geopolitical ' decision aimed at undermining russia 's operations in syria . 
  a fucking plane was downed . 
  why would we want to go near that ? 
  cunt . 
  in all fairness , an effective way to destroy them is to get as many people as possible to unite against them . 
  the actual city of londonderry was completely different to derry , it just expanded and swallowed derry , then people wanted to rename londonderry for some reason . 
  there 's a joke like some man saying `` i 've been to kilkenny and now i 'm off to kilmore '' or something . 
  we do n't manage it , nationalists go apeshit if we actually managed it . 
  whatever wastes the most money . 
  northern ireland is a shithole because of the religious cancer that locally runs it . 
  it would be better off removing stormont and having direct uk parliament rule . 
   you think it wo n't affect the uk ? 
  did you just create your own comment for me and then argued against it ? 
   he thinks ireland would have been far better off ecnomically for the 20th century . 
  it honestly would 've . 
  i 'm so pissed off at our leaders for alienating the place . 
  stronk little archipelago . 
  we did n't * make * it break away from us . 
  i honestly do n't drink tea any more . 
  my dad and stepmum do have it once in the morning before work but i stick to quoffee . 
  i thought blackface was specifically done against black people ? 
  then i think applying `` human right '' status is wrong if it does n't actually add anything other than the use of a word . 
   it 'd be the supreme court saying marriage is a human right . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with gay marriage , but what do they gain that civil partnerships do n't already cover ? 
  it was kind of annoying listening to people talk about places who did n't have neither but then introduced gay marriage . 
   you think ukip or the tories are unprogressive ?
