  no-one 's getting beheaded because someone made a joke about jesus , or drew him or even mocked them . 
  even the most outrage , life of brian , no-one died . 
  if you want to compare child exploitation : http://ceop.police.uk/documents/ceopdocs/ceop_thematic_assessment_executive_summary.pdf, 
  tbh `` is it in england '' is a lot more forgiveable than saying ireland , northern ireland or scotland is in england . 
  for instance , it was annexed into the kingdom of england , it follows english law and is part of the england and wales legal jurisdiction . 
  only recently have we recognised it as a thing , so we therefore say `` england and wales '' instead of what was officially and legally england beforehand . 
  it 's had an influence on the kingdom of england , now england and wales , such as one of our famous royal dynasties coming from wales , the tudors . 
  prior to annexation , wales was not a thing , it was a load of smaller kingdoms similar to wessex or strathclyde so a lot of the welsh identity comes from kingdoms like powys . 
  the thing is it was a part of england and the two are n't technically legally separate , except in a few issues where the welsh assembly votes , but that 's like saying london is separate to england because of the london assembly . 
  the only difference is that the jurisdiction went from being called england to england and wales . 
  you are n't far from russian ships but you 've also got several eu members as a buffer . 
  a sea attack will be useless . 
  with isis , you 've got turkey as a buffer and if they get that far into turkey they probably would 've called for some help . 
  but you 're also in nato so you 're quite safe . 
  as for specifically defending bulgaria , they 're more for hitting someone 's base or their people . 
  it 's unlikely we 'll use it on forces invading bulgaria or nato but on moscow and their bases . 
  preferably their nuclear silos and their leaders and a good portion of their people . 
  so whoever nukes moscow is basically defending us good guys from the bad guys, 
   everyone pretends they do n't know taiwan is independent regardless of what the mainland thinks should happen or think should be the case , do they really think taiwan is a part of their sovereign state if it does n't receive taxes from it or have no jurisdiction over it 's people ? 
  or does it somehow ? 
   `` if we boycott their goods the poor n * ggers in south africa lose jobs '' . 
  and did they ? 
   if we were united we would be able to have put harsher sanctions on russia over ukraine sooner russia put sanctions on itself though by limiting trade with us though . 
  well it would certainly build up to that . 
  if someone invaded bulgaria we 'd instantly scramble eu member forces and pile in , then we make the threats to the aggressor state . 
  i doubt we 'd nuke someone the moment they step over the border . 
  who 's not allowed to fly the english flag ? 
  also that would leave the eu with no nukes to combat threats where nato has no obligation . 
  i would n't mind putting ours into a joint eu programme to minimise costs but i 'd also rather we did n't have our eggs in one basket . 
  something i do wish people would stop is saying it 's too costly , like the scottish national party . 
  it 's obvious we need it , especially with russia having them . 
  maybe if we magically agreed to get rid of them together and promise to never make any more i might agree with that , assuming no-one makes any more , but us putting our gun down in this mexican stand off is mentally ill . 
   well , granted , we do use russia as the biggest bogeyman lately well considering we 've just had hundreds of eu citizens , most of them dutch , murdered by them you ca n't really blame us can you ? 
   sweden and finland will remain the responsibility of the eu . 
  which is why those retards in the scottish national party need to fuck off with the `` we do n't need nukes boo hoo '' cunty attitude when it 'll be down to the uk and france to protect the eu . 
  i suppose it does n't matter as we 'll kick off the moment any of you get attacked regardless of whether you are tied to nato or not . 
   so you think that gender stereotyping is a good thing ? 
   how surprising that you 've got a sexist agenda . 
  did n't see that one coming at all . 
  oh , you 're one of those liberal activist nutters that make me feel uncomfortable from calling myself left wing . 
  well goodbye then . 
  i hope you stop crying to complain about the lack of women in bin collecting jobs or something . 
   what part of the fucking concept of an unknown third party do you not get ? 
  well the they 'd just say doctor , not male or female . 
  what did he/she say ? 
  this is where you 'd use hen or `` what did the doctor say ? '' . 
  or even `` they '' works because people would consider the practise as a whole rather than one person . 
  or even just say `` he '' or just say `` she '' regardless of anyone 's gender ? 
  it depends because if it 's a surgery or small town practise , at least in the uk , we 'd have a regular doctor , so you 'd generally know the gender unless it changes . 
  if you talk to someone about it afterwards , having a new doctor would be a talking point or worth mentioning . 
  also if you 've gone to have something like you testicles felt then someone might ask the gender , in which you say `` it was a lady  '' also you could just say `` was at the doctors today '' . 
  does n't even need a pronoun . 
  i dunno if this is just a masculine/feminine issue like making `` table '' a male or female word . 
  they were just chilling in the blue lagoon while half of all people died of the plague . 
  yeah . 
  i think initially it did n't make sense because `` they '' is a third person plural , implying multiple people , but in this case it 's one person . 
  however , the plurality can refer to of potentially being both genders until we determine one . 
  what is this line of work where people refer to a third party to whom they have no idea what their gender is ? 
  why would it even be applicable to apply a pronoun to someone who you do n't know is male or female ? 
  you 'd say `` that person there probably can help you '' . 
  or just use ` they ' . 
  i do hope the eu fucks them up . 
  not only that but it 's unlikely the victims will even see this . 
  so all around pointless . 
  well duh , spain obviously has a crime rate of zero . 
  i hope he finds it rubbery . 
  as were the americas when people crossed the bearing strait . 
  as you do, 
  to be fair , greece had stupid tax percentages , really high for rich people and then the rich people either moved their money abroad or they moved abroad . 
  instead of wrecking your country and then demand money from germany , perhaps they could 've kept their country stable and then request some money from germany . 
  i dunno , it sounds stupid . 
  why did they think it was worth reporting if it was just in one village ? 
  and the fines as well , i would totally go ham on someone that would 've got me fined . 
  i tell you what . 
  if the eu wants the uk to be pro-eu , then they can start with getting rid of that fucking ghetto for a start , make us actually want to be in schengen , for instance . 
  we 're be pro-federal if they made it desirable . 
  `` look at all these safe countries we travelled through to get here '' yeah ... `` asylum seekers '' ... 
   why not post the full article ? 
  come on , that would be just too easy . 
  elysium was such a fucking stupid film , if we could make machines which cure cancer or radiation sickness in five seconds we 'd mass produce it on earth and at least allow the plebs to have some access to it . 
  they made it seem like the first world had the capacity to provide free healthcare to the rest of the world . 
  and at the end of the day , if we had machines to build everything why need anyone to work ? 
   the uk is the # 1 country australians migrate to today . 
  30 % of australians are british immigrants i believe . 
  ( and i literally mean people born in the uk and moved there , not counting their descendants born in oz ), 
  well then you should 've put tax evasion and the ira on the desk then . 
  am disappointed at the lack of alcohol or potatoes . 
  get your molotov cocktails out . 
  hey why do n't you drop some `` supplies '' to the russians ? 
  urgh , is that a turkish flag on there ? 
   i 'm not sure where `` lager '' comes form germany . 
  i think the channel islands and the isle of man needs a dot or so . 
  `` what has the eu ever done for us ? '', 
  `` well ... the land ... '', 
  would n't be surprised if due to being issued with passports so recently they get refused . 
  this sort of shit is why people want to leave the eu or reform it . 
  in other words `` it says here 1 + 1 = 2 , so that 's the general rule '' `` ah but see here it says - 1 so it makes it 1 again '', 
  it 's frustrating how much effort it takes to get rid of these fuckers . 
  they the most hated group of people for a reason . 
  they steal , they occupy land .
