   he will learn not to make any more mistakes by being behind bars for 10 years [ `` right , now do n't do it again '' ] ( https://youtu.be/xbi-fdzujxi?t=2m35s ), 
   they have no ethics . 
  worse , they 'll put game of thrones spoilers in the headlines of articles they discuss, 
  serves them right for wanting to partake in such a movement . 
  it 's kind of annoying that they go after an innocent old man but no-one involved in mass child rape . 
  jesus , what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  if you 're going to beat someone up , do it to someone you know deserves it . 
  actually , why are n't there migrants filling up monaco or somewhere where the rich people live ? 
  or are they ? 
  it was the george lucas of wars , people went back and changed the great war to first world war after the second world war because they could n't leave well enough alone . 
   the irish resisted conversion to protestantism so that was never going to work . 
  yeah , i knew i was n't going to be able to come up with a better plan , should 've just said `` we lost ireland '' but i like to come up with constructive ideas to change that - i doubt protestants and catholics would 've got on which is why i thought of converting them all . 
  kept power centralised to the point where our colonies wanted complete independence . 
  in the case of ireland , not supporting them during a famine and treating people badly and not making the majority feel part of this country ( which probably could 've been solved by originally converting the population to protestantism as we did with the majority of great britain , sorry if this offends catholics but the religious divide did fuel this split ) . 
  guess i can throw the original agreement to give hong kong back to the chinese on there too , instead of something which would 've meant we kept it . 
  this also counts as mistakes , but it 's also embarrassing because we ran the biggest empire in the world and owned the largest amount of land ever in human civilisation history and we threw it away making the same mistakes over and over again . 
   he stole the noc list . 
  i can neither confirm nor deny whether this without the secretary 's approval . 
   on the tv there are always these debates over `` what makes us british ? '', 
  or `` what is britishness ? '' . 
  you say that as if any other country has an answer . 
  you have no idea what constitutes culture but you 've somehow convinced yourself that nothing exists in this country and nothing originated in this country . 
  it 's not funny . 
  it 's laborious seeing all these stupid threads like `` what is british identity '' or `` what is british culture ? '' . 
  what sort of answer are you expecting ? 
  what answer to you want ? 
  what do you think is culture ? 
  what is any culture ? 
  you could say any country has no culture simply because it becomes standardised . 
  we all go to the shops , we drive a car to work , we come home and watch tv and eat and go to sleep . 
  these repetitive nonsense `` what is british culture '' discussions are stupid . 
  kind of akin to the ever laborious `` the english flag is racist '' nonsense without comparing it to anything or even being fair to it . 
  i get it , us brits are a pathetic people , but i was n't aware hysterical was an up and coming stereotype . 
  you let them in your borders , so it 's your fault . 
  not a lot of people like me would rate things like this in order . 
  they might identify with it equally . 
  is n't our flag already a triple flair ? 
  double the war on tourism, 
  erm , no-one is going to address immigration so why should anyone not vote for someone who will change the immigration , or at least border , situation ? 
  also love this comment :  `` concerns about immigration must n't be brushed under the carpet -- politicians should take them seriously . '', 
  how about getting across the fact that immigrants are economically of net benefit to this country instead of pandering to racism ? 
  what the fuck does this have to do with ordinary immigration , you fucking idiot ? 
  literally no-one is against the idea of travelling between countries and no-one wants a border that nobody can cross . 
  wake the fuck up . 
  i want to do a sketch where someone is arrested , then eventually released while the policeman says : https://youtu.be/xbi-fdzujxi?t=2m35s, 
  i went for five days with my school . 
  [ bought this t shirt ] ( http://www.inreykjavik.is/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/2012-07-24__mg_8526_00026.jpg ) [ i also saw either this , or something similar to this which i found funny given iceland 's current affairs on the subject ] ( http://nammi.is/bmz_cache/8/8629545cbba4b545269dd94300ccda7b.image.412x550.gif ), 
  it would 've been more subtle if they simply removed the sheltered alcove by extending the building . 
  well that definitely was not a country . 
  certainly not independent . 
  i do n't really understand what the palestinian ethnicity or identity under ottoman rule is supposed to be , which is what those living there at the time of this state 's creation less than a century ago . 
  the modern definition seems to be arabs that happened to live in the area . 
  any history of the identity seems to be relatively recent , kind of like describing american settlers as an ethnicity . 
  so what happened in the third one ? 
  it kind of ends a bit early . 
  because there never was . 
  ottomans owned it since the jews stopped running the place , for whatever magical reason , and then when the ottomans were rekt we took over control , split up the region and named places like jordan , iraq etc. 
  the only independent state in the area was israel , well you could add judea to that as well . 
  back to ghazi with you, 
  the city of hons, 
  both scots and english split off from old english , so yes it is a language . 
   scots at 1.5 millions speakers , it is the second most spoken language of the united kingdom . 
  i have to say our pies , pastries , sausages and cheese . 
  incredibly savoury . 
  beef wellington , traditional roast dinner , fish and chips , various british fried breakfasts , pasties , sausage rolls , steak bakes , steak and ale pie , toad in the hole , apple pie , banoffee pie , scones , cheddar cheese , square sausage , arbroath smokies , stovies . 
  i have not scratched the surface , these are just dishes that i really enjoy . 
  duck billed ... flat footed ... scruffy looking ... nerf herder ... 
  i 'd 've thought `` bill mammal '' would made more sense than `` beak animal '' last i checked birds were animals too . 
  `` duck beak '' sounds like a slur . 
  ca n't i see the same article ? 
  all i got was a bear shitting in the woods . 
   then both a swedish court and uk court would have to approve any extradition to the usa . 
  there are n't guarantees they wo n't . 
   sweden is n't going to blanket give him a promise to never extradite him to the us , that 's an impossible promise given the treaties it breaks . 
  well i hardly blame him for not wanting to go to a country where the us can get him . 
  remember , he runs wikileaks , so that alone makes the whole rape validity suspicious . 
  the only way to get him is to cut diplomatic ties with ecuador . 
  we were also at cold war with soviet union , but we did n't experience the effects of them running our countries . 
  have n't we just started making supermarkets rethink how it deals with food ? 
  also , was n't it the european food agency that was trying to make us waste for really stupid reasons ? 
  like `` because the cucumber is too bent '' . 
  because most people think that when you die everything goes black . 
  symbolises our fight in the crusades and references our faith . 
   union flag is a combo nation of england 's st.george flag , ** st.davids flag ** and st.patricks flag . 
  erm ... 
  i like your colour scheme . 
  easily one of the most unique of all tricolours . 
  people on / r/vexiology do different versions like a nodicised one which has a nordic cross on and you know it can only be estonia because of the colour scheme . 
   where islamists were the culprits and they blamed the ethnic minority group islamists are an ethnic minority ? 
  every sperm is sacred . 
  bosniak genocide 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  i ca n't wait for them to start messing about with china . 
  they wo n't pull any punches or think about `` hoomin rites '' , they might even just gas them all with banned weapons and flamethrowers . 
   seeking to `` give '' northern ireland to ireland ( that one 's especially hilarious given that it would start another conflict ) people complain that unionists are right wing and conservative . 
  now we know that the right is the only thing standing up for unionists . 
  what a fucking idiot corbyn is . 
  what 's wrong with the baltic states ? 
   was a bit surprised when the priest showed me his dick what a lad . 
  worse than north east england ? 
  now do this in a school full of people from religion which practises genital mutilation .
