  ] ( https://youtu.be/ndqsdfdcez0?t=42s ), 
  as long as there 's no cognitive dissonance i 'll be happy . 
  is it a hyperdrive component ? 
  that last guy , the cameraman and the two guys should 've decked the cunt . 
  smash his face in then show the evidence they were assaulted . 
   cameron has simply stated that he wants them stepped up . 
  ca n't wait for step up 2 : napalm the isis base . 
  they could just set one off on it 's border and claimed to have been attacked . 
  in the uk we have roma with some pretty nice horse drawn carriages and irish travellers in caravans ( although i 'm pretty sure some roma here probably do have caravans ) . 
  we do tend to get stuff happening , like copper wire thieves , parking in the middle of towns blocking roads , letting horses roam around across busy roads , camping on roundabouts etc. 
  i 'm not sure about organised crime , but these are pretty much a couple of things that pikeys do ( and i mean in the sense of people committing crimes rather than law abiders ) . 
  despite this , we 're fairly cut off from them . 
  i 've barely seen any of them , so they 're not really integrated into uk society . 
  we do n't really like either group in this country . 
  but saying that , our dislike stems from the criminal activity and the seemingly impossible to be moved/kicked out of the country by the police and the state . 
  instances like dale farm serve as an example to influence popular opinion . 
  another is how ireland is somehow able to kick out irish travellers but somehow we are n't allowed to . 
  there has n't been any persecution in the uk . 
  however , if you just live in a caravan and are a nice person and get along well , i do n't really see why we 'd have a problem with you . 
  do you need an inhaler for gay fever too ? 
   even though the majority do n't subscribe themselves to christianity . 
  i have a feeling that a lot of people do believe in god and an afterlife , but are n't practising/don ' t want to go to church . 
  why ? 
   people also might move to another country because they like the culture and want to live there . 
  well yeah but they are n't immigrating just to go to the job seeker 's allowance or whatever . 
  the point of immigrating is to work . 
   well how else are you supposed to refer to a group of people ? 
  scum of the earth , racially inferior , auchwitz fuel . 
  i 'm kind of just hoping everyone just ignores him and carries on with encryption . 
  you ca n't arrest everyone . 
   we already do n't feed them i never said we did . 
  the point is if they 're in a camp then they wo n't be able to feed themselves . 
  fucking labour party . 
  utterly moronic and unelectable . 
  put them in a camp . 
  ask them where they came from . 
  if they do n't answer , do n't feed them . 
  if they do , send them back . 
   they are illegal migrants violating our laws . 
  punish them if they are criminals then . 
  is any of this skewed in certain areas ? 
  like homosexuals having the same rights marriage brings but through civil partnerships ? 
  so therefore support for gay marriage goes down because the only difference is what it 's called . 
  so when it was legalised in england and wales last year all it did was allow homosexuals to use the term ` marriage ' but they already had all the rights marriage brings since 2004 through civil partnerships . 
   they never left the resort , though . 
  all they wanted was swimming pools , food , drink and the weather . 
  we went on a two day trip to the sahara when i went . 
  visited salt plains , various villages , rode camels , saw the colosseum , visited the set of the skywalker house from star wars . 
  of course i was n't happy about leaving the resort , was too comfortable . 
  do n't regret it afterwards though . 
  maybe we can trust the russians to firebomb these pricks . 
  if they 're going to annex parts of ukraine then why not rekt these guys ? 
  not really different to `` sick bay '' is it ? 
  i 'd rather have a united northern europe where we have the same standards , i do n't want to be united with a country that lets migrants into their country to exploit the schengen area only to start rioting in calais if they do n't get their way . 
  stop migrants coming in and i might find federalising certain areas appealing . 
   stand still on the left side of an escalator that 's just on the tube that rule does n't exist anywhere else . 
  and by ` parts ' do they mean everything to the west all the way up to hanover ? 
   i think he 's softening his accent in his videos . 
  his accent stronger in his earlier videos . 
  that was very clear to understand , personally . 
  my aunt has a neighbour who is completely incomprehensible and i 'm thankful . 
  welcome to the party , pal . 
  did you want it in dutch ? 
   but how can they physically be raped by women ? 
  if your definition was forced sex then yes . 
  in the uk you need to be penetrated to be raped . 
  and yes that includes a finger in someone 's mouth . 
  `` can you feel ... the circle ... of life ... 
  that 's its name though . 
  it 's generally more used to imply the final blow against catholicism in the british isles . 
  as an englishman from the united kingdom , i sometimes wish our language was n't the main one because it makes us all look lazy at not being as bilingual as other countries . 
  what would make us bilingual is a second language which offers just as much as a non-english speaker learning english does . 
  something which becomes ingrained in us due to consuming foreign media in that second language , even allowing us to connect with people on the internet . 
  and even without them , i 'm sure the eu members would like to all take part in the same conversation . 
   i was taught to say `` caaaaaaaah n't '' in school , but everyone on tv and in computer games said `` ca n't '' , so it felt really silly to use the british pronounciation . 
  that 's what we call the long a in the uk . 
  some use it , some do n't . 
  i have a feeling that scandinavian , dutch and german accents contributed to a lot of american accents so sometimes they sound similar ? 
  i guess we in the uk feel your pain whenever people here refer to `` diaper '' , the `` trunk '' of someone 's car or `` mailmen '' . 
  so basically you 're saying the vst majority of scots are n't scots ? 
  jews : `` nah , you 're alright '', 
  yeah they do n't want any military there any more for some reason . 
  oh right , so why is n't this being made clear it 's a joke ? 
  i had a suspicion it was a joke because it does n't make any sense from a scientific perspective . 
  why does he need to apologise for something that he clearly did n't believe ? 
  let me guess what the quote beneath it should be :  `` worth '', 
  like islam , evidently . 
  no it is n't . 
   implying hitler solved that border problem 80 years ago, 
  well we 'd be able to fish in our own waters properly and not have it pinched . 
   it seems that the uk only wants the benefits for itself , and that 's not how unions work . 
  no-one 's stopping you from having your own currency . 
  stop moaning about us wanting ours . 
  if being in the eu was about the euro then we would 've left ages ago . 
  it 's this sort of stupidity which makes me hate the eu and makes leaving more or less our only option . 
  yes , the eu has it right on roaming and the internet rights , but why ruin it with all this nonsense ? 
  ** hms you got no fans **, 
  the whole point of moving to another country is to work , not to be unemployed . 
  i did n't miss it . 
  in fact that 's exactly why i asked why only the uk was broken down but every other country was n't .
