yes on holiday in the us and czech republic . 
  a whole range of guns , 9mm , magnum revolvers , bolt-action rifles , several assault rifles ( on semi-auto ) , and even a sniper rifle . 
  oh and a desert eagle . 
  i 'm not especially good or bad at any of these but i 'm an excellent shot with revolvers somehow . 
  still have the target sheet as a badass poster . 
  it 's awesome and empowering . 
  it very much reinforced my opinion that i would never want something like that anywhere near my house or where i live . 
  people already manage to hurt themselves with basic stuff you 'd find in the kitchen . 
  well i certainly hope so . 
  ( but in the whole european population i am a small minority , most politicians are reluctant to admit this is the end-game for the eu , for example ) i think it 's happening already , albeit slowly , and i believe ironically it 's in large part thanks to the us , both by giving us the lingua franca which is english , through it 's cultural dominance in the world . 
  most young people in europe will speak english , given a few decades i think there will be even more cultural cohesion . 
  people studying abroad , meeting on holidays , moving for job opportunities , i have friends from several countries , and so do a lot of others . 
  not only that , the mere fact that the us exists offers a sort of contrast to make you realize you have something in common . 
  both europe and the us are ` the western world ' or the ` free world ' or some other term that you sometimes hear floating around . 
  there 's similarities between the both of them , but most europeans will probably feel they have more in common with other europeans as opposed to americans . 
  except maybe the english , but that 's not really going to be an issue anymore in a few years anyway . 
  so , for those of us who want a federal eu one day , the us existing and doing things just a bit differently works in our favor , i believe . 
  no way , their dreams are more like eggs that need have been poisoned and have become useless . 
  there 's a lot of cultural diversity within single countries in europe , let alone between countries . 
  the us was formed in a time when the nation state as an idea existed , whereas many , if not all countries in europe have been or have been part of different kingdoms , principalities , grand duchies , republics , empires , fiefdoms etcetera , throughout history . 
  even recent history . 
  just to name something , half of europe was under communist regimes untill very recently . 
  that 's already a degree of diversity the us does n't have right there . 
  do n't misunderstand i do n't mean this in a condescending way at all , it 's neither better nor worse , but the us really feels as much as one country as germany or france does , regional differences within the borders certainly but there is an underlying common culture that defines a people as a community that is a nation . 
  compared to that the underlying european culture that is supposed to bind the eu together into a federal state one day does exist but it 's much more fleeting . 
  it 's more of a feeling than anything concrete . 
  a big reason for that is the big cultural differences between countries . 
  i was asked by a tourist if he was in england or germany , he was n't sure . 
  he was in the netherlands but try as i might he kept asking me if that was germany or england , so i gave up and settled on germany . 
  very confusing . 
  california . 
  think about it . 
  the eu is largely an economic benefit for it 's member states , so it makes sense that germany pulls the most weight . 
  that said , with the formation of an eu army , it 's an opportunity for france to become equal to germany again , considering they have an impressive army ( nukes , carrier , etc ) . 
  also germany has a declining population , while france has a growing one . 
  germany has the top spot for now , but it could change within the next 20 years . 
  in part it matters on external factors , but also the direction the eu takes . 
  if it becomes more federal , and a military becomes more important , france will have more to say . 
  if it remains a sort of economic marriage of convenience , germany will remain the powerhouse . 
  not my country , but i 'm guessing dracula would be a good example of this ? 
  a little bit too much , perhaps . 
  sure :d i 'll say this about him , ever since brexit he seems to be a grade-a troll online which is infinately funny . 
  so as compared to other minoritygroups in the netherlands they seemed to be on par or doing even a little bit better ( in terms of integration , socio-economic stuff ) , however a lot of the rest of the population was surprised ( and not in a good way ) to see the support for erdogan in recent months , pretty much ever since the fallout from the coup . 
  this has soured the perception quite a bit . 
  if this is a vocal minority , or not , is n't clear , which does n't help . 
  that said , the media in the netherlands certainly seems rather one-sided on erdogan , and that paints a picture also . 
  however , he did call us all nazi 's , after all , so you know , there 's that . 
  a lot of turks swear it 's more complicated than it seems , so as with most people , i just go with a case-by-case judgment on how i feel about turks that i meet , which is what you should always do with all people anyway , if you do n't want to be a dick . 
  age of empires usually . 
  sworn enemies ? 
  the english , of course . 
  always play the franks because it 's my first name . 
  i happen to like armoured horsemen knight types so it 's perfect . 
  if you really want to screw your friend give him a shirt with a hammer and sickle and some cyrillic writing on it . 
  there is still ( although in decline ) a general feeling that central and eastern europeans are basically russians , unfair as that may be . 
  might as well embrace it and play it off as a joke ? 
  by this time , new member states are being considered , such as free qu\u00e9bec , california , scotland , the city-state of london , offworld colonies on europa . 
  that 's true . 
  definately not a short term result . 
  however , a lot can change in a few decades . 
  who knows in 20 , 30 , maybe 40 years where we all end up ? 
  it was mostly okay in city centers and highways and roads in the countryside , but in the neighbourhoods where people actually live , it was usually pretty poorly maintained . 
  unless it happened to be where rich people live , but that 's more the exception to the rule . 
  yes definately the diadochi , which is indeed got level , great idea . 
  my favorite ( semi-related ) : the era of the mithridatic wars during the roman republic . 
  also got level backstabbing and betrayals and struggles for succession and has a lot of similarities with today 's world and politics , if written in a certain way . 
  lol he is the most famous finnish person i can think of . 
  well , i like the british people well enough and all , so i do n't say this out of spite , but i want the country to fall apart and have scotland , northern ireland and who knows what else , to leave the uk . 
  let me explain the whole thing as i want it to go down after that : have them slowly come back to the eu one at a time , including , eventually , england . 
  that way , they are still part of the family , but now fragmented and not as strong a voice inside the eu as the uk was , so we can finally get on with a federal europe , with the ( former ) uk included as it should be , but no longer able to frustrate further integration . 
  they will if nato stops being a thing and the eu has an army of it 's own . 
  could happen , but then again , many other things could also happen . 
  just saying , it 's not inconceivable . 
  many of the things he wants , we already have . 
  to call for stuff that 's already in place would make him look like a crazy old man . 
  so probably not ? 
  also , as far as i know he only speaks english , which would n't help his chances either . 
  as long as england is n't in it , it 's hilarious so i 'm all for it . 
  that said , the us joining would n't be a good idea , they would wield too much influence , even within a federal system . 
  canada wants to club seals and stuff so i can see them at most doing something like norway . 
  being practically in but not really because of some small stuff with fishing that they think is super important . 
  how about ... slovankia , no more confusion . 
  edit : slovaknia is also okay, 
  wait . 
  if that happens we want in on that . 
  trade , yo, 
  do n't agree with your choice , but i do agree with your reasoning . 
  when someone somewhere in the world thinks of a european city , the first thing that comes to mind is probably the eiffel tower . 
  if i had to pick , i 'd go with france . 
  there 's just so much there and all of it is epic . 
  i 've heard it said from time to time that tilburg is the ugliest of the major cities . 
  only visited once and indeed was n't terribly impressed , but to say it 's definately the ugliest ... could be ? 
  most beautiful should be a city with a typical golden age historical city center , like amsterdam but without all the drunken tourists , so delft , leiden , utrecht ? 
  something like that ? 
  france and the netherlands should annex/invade belgium and take their respective language parts . 
  keep brussels as a sort of neutral state . 
  i agree , if anything i find it odd there 's so little eu symbolism around . 
  imagine how much more everyone in the eu would connected to each other if we had more of this stuff in common ? 
  just speculating : perhaps german influence ? 
  i would also want to see a ancient roman style triumph parade in brussels of captured key brexit figures .
