damn imperials and their lists . 
  it 's honestly a few . 
  as a student teacher , i 've met tones of kids who just do n't really care anymore . 
  those who do are usually 18 and . 
  we really do n't give a shit . 
  the youth here ca n't wait for when the old fogies in stormont to retire so we can take their place and actually move on with out lives . 
  all the troubles is behind us , we want to move on , we do n't want to forget , but we want to move on . 
  wow . 
  the former , and we both know there are ways of doing this that do not involve killing them . 
  i am for intervention and boots on the ground in syria btw , it 's just that when we 're talking about radicals , not all radicals will or even want to commit an act of terror , most of them are normal people with abnormal mind sets that we can change for the better without having to kill them . 
  oh please what a ridiculous argument , that 's not ever worth responding to . 
   more likely he sees this and thinks we are the terrorists and he needs to join isis to stop these attacks . 
  yes exactly , so they are not doing it because they were bombed otherwise they 'd be attacking the bombers and not people who have never had anything to do with it . 
   yes , but there is no magic 1 shop-stop for solving this problem . 
  so you agree your phrasing of the argument is flawed and naive ? 
  this is exactly what i was saying . 
   no , this is a process that will take at least 1 full generation to heal . 
  i do n't mean literally dropping books , thats a little silly , but spreading non-islamic texts by providing translations . 
  over time , these books will spread . 
  i agree with you here and this is what i know you meant and i believe this is how we will ultimately reduce radicalism to a negligible state , however , that does n't mean we ca n't strategically attack and reduce the foothold that terror groups holding these radical ideologies have in affected countries does n't it ? 
  if we help the rebel groups by providing support that they do n't have access too that gives them an edge over isis then we can beat them ( beating isis is n't the same as getting rid of an ideology , just wanted to make that distinction clear . ), 
   i rather not go into a lengthy argument so lets agree to disagree . 
  i feel like nothing short of a solid 2 hour talk face-to-face would convince you . 
  or a well written text which my brain cant produce at the moment . 
  agreed . 
  edit : i should also add that radicalisation has been shown to take years , having your house blown up does n't do that whether you buy the whole `` it 's all the wests fault '' narrative or not , it does n't happen like that . 
   yeah except bombs breed more radicalists . 
  this is arguable . 
  if this were true the terror groups we see today would n't be fighting us in the name of their religion , it 'd be because they bombed us , they 're killing other muslims too who have never bombed anyone . 
  this argument is a bit naive as it suggest there 's only 1 cause and therefore only one solution to the problem . 
  like i said , it helps in it 's own way and that way is not stopping radicalism , it 's stopping terror groups from maintaining and holding their land and further subduing the population to their barbaric beliefs . 
   short of bombing/nuking all the mid-east into obliteration where 95 % of the population would die , bombs are not a `` solution '' . 
  i 'd agree , in fact i believe this is similar to what i said it 's just your phrasing makes it a reductionist one . 
  dropping books are n't going to help in the exact same way as bombs as most of the population of syria do n't give a shit about the western world and just want their home and culture back , they 're already fundamentals they 're not going to swap their beliefs for yours just because you give them a book . 
   you really think some muslim oh this argument , okay ...  is going to see a bomb fall a few blocks away in his town and think `` oh yeah those nice westerners are targeting only the evil terrorists '' . 
  assuming that we 're somehow dropping bombs indiscriminately . 
  how do you think `` bombs '' operate in todays world ? 
  you 're not just chucking them from a plane . 
  they are precise and accurate and they hit exactly where you want them to , if a `` civilian '' dies in these attacks chances are they probably were n't a civilian . 
  not to mention , the assad regime bombs their own people and have bombed their own people than we ever will be . 
  no one in syria cares about westerners bombing isis except isis , i 'd even argue they want us to and would prefer we bomb assad instead . 
  isis is also isolated , we know where they are and that you 'd be hard pressed to find an `` innocent '' person among their cities . 
   more likely he sees this and thinks we are the terrorists and he needs to join isis to stop these attacks . 
  this sort of shows you do n't know much about the syrian civil war . 
  the chances of this happening are just so insignificant it 's preposterous to even talk about it , people are more likely to join rebel groups than isis and fight against the assad regime than the westerners . 
  no matter how we operate or how we conduct these strikes , it will not increase the influence of isis on syrians . 
   it will reduce the impact very minimally because they 'll just go underground and keep recruiting anyway you do n't know the extent , this is just your opinion and you 're expressing it as a fact . 
  we do n't know . 
  stop pretending like you do . 
  you 're right though , they will take their efforts to more underground options surely , what we want to know is whether this will have an impact , it 's believed that many people will not bother following the preachers to these places . 
  no , it 's not the same as that and you know it . 
  why downvote everything i say ? 
  i have n't downvoted you . 
  well i do believe that both bombs and books can be useful in their own ways . 
  no one is dropping a bomb thinking `` that 'll change their minds '' they 're dropping it because they are at war with a group under a certain ideology and bombs help suppress their gain of physical land . 
  i 'm not throwing anything around as fact , it will reduce the impact imams have , the extent is not known however and i do n't claim to know . 
  i 'd agree , but if we followed this argument for everything then we 'd be too afraid to try anything . 
  france has found that these specific mosques are preaching identical to what radicals preach and as a result they 're shutting them down in an effort to reduce their impact . 
  big whoop ? 
  if it does n't work then there 's not any harm done and if it does then good job . 
  that argument only really works for more serious things like economics and foreign policy . 
  you do n't know that so do n't throw that around as if it 's a fact . 
  the only way we can see if this method is effective is doing it , saying it 's ineffective or it 's effects are minimal before anyone has even tried and tested it is pretty silly is n't it ? 
  oh yea for sure , i 'm not arguing that you can not greatly influence someone 's actions and opinions through a set of events and the like but in 1984 winston still had his own mind at the end of the day and no one could change that , no matter what facade or lie he pulled off he knew there was bullshit in what he was being fed . 
  yea i somewhat agree with you on this , it 's the same when people shit on twitter for not closing isis propaganda accounts they do n't stop to consider that the government is actually using these active accounts to track and understand radicals and that closing them might not be as helpful as taking advantage of them . 
  however , closing mosques stops these people from having a medium in which they can speak and reach maybe 75 - 100 people at a time who we do n't know , with the twitter accounts we can see who support these people and track them , we ca n't do that with mosques without getting a bit infringey . 
  sure we 'll push the vocal radicals into the `` underground '' but that also means for people to support them they 'll have to be part of the underground , most people wo n't be willing or able to follow them there so a significant portion of their following will be cut off and the amount of people they can reach at any one time will be significantly suppressed . 
  yep , that 's what everyone on the far left will tell you and it 's simply not true , as someone who grew up in a muslim country can say first hand that what the west views as `` radicalism '' is not a minority and it 's very widespread amongst relatively isolated islamic communities . 
  the former , however we both know that 's not how it works . 
  it takes one radical to recruit 10 people , it 's not about killing that one radical , its about limiting the interaction those 10 people have with that 1 radical making it an infinitely more humane and effective solution . 
  probably pretty negative because that 's a shitty thing to do . 
  it reduces the impact the imams and/or recruiting agencies have , it 's not going to suddenly stop radicalisation but it can reduce the impact it has . 
  the title leaves it wide open to interpret france as some sort of religious rights oppressor , which people would love to take advantage of . 
  they might not be the most effective , but they 're the only group out there that 's really doing something useful . 
  and in the process you piss off their family and extended array of friends and open up the chance of radicalising them in stead . 
  you can never control radicalisation , it 's a thought process , even in an orwellian dystopia you ca n't control some ones thoughts . 
  only way to suppress it is to understand it and confront it with understanding and introduce counter radicalisation , the qualliam foundation is already doing this . 
  i 'm pretty curious too though , i 'd love to see a more civil and understanding approach to this rather than bombings which do n't do anything to suppress radicalisation . 
  like i said , radicals have a mindset , you ca n't beat or bomb it out of someone , you just have to show them why they 're wrong . 
   unlicensed mosques and those preaching hatred will be shut down under emergency rule . 
  pretty fucking important detail and more countries need to be targeting radicalisation at it 's root . 
  mosques are a breeding ground for radicals . 
  while i agree , it 's not for you to say whether they were or not , it 's them that decides that . 
  do you really think they 're just ignoring people like this and not doing everything they can to stop it while at the same time not arresting everyone who demonstrates freedom of speech ? 
  do n't be so naive ... 
  they were `` keeping an eye on him '' iirc . 
  ahh yes i see what you were saying , i was thinking about it but i thought it was common knowledge , guess i should check my privilege . 
  is that not what i said ? 
  again , the translation to english is god is greater ( someone pointed this out , the - er is important as it implies a status of superiority ) . 
  this phrase is used commonly on the battlefield as a war cry and it 's seen as a justice that this is the last thing people hear before they die by those little rascal fundies out there . 
  just want to apologise , i felt like i heard it so clearly the first time but , you 're right , i actually ca n't hear it upon listening to the audio again . 
  they 're chanting allahuakbar which directly translates to allah is great . 
  at face value this does n't seem to mean much but it 's very often used as a war call . 
  it 's fucking disrespectful . 
  they 're just saying allah is great . 
  disrespectful as fuck either way . 
  if anything it 'll give the people of syria and iraq more reason to hate the west and more of a reason to join isis 's fantasy of destroying the west . 
  it 's literally countless times . 
  when they release how they helped , it allows potential terrorist organisations to adjust their tactics to avoid getting caught making surveillance less efficient , afterall , surveillance is best done when they do n't you 're watching . 
  this is why most of the operations are n't open to the public .
