  examples of our current government would be how they 've treated the nhs and the welfare state , public transport , the working class , the disabled and the disadvantaged , as well as privacy with the whole snooper 's charter thing . 
  that 's eerily similar to how people talk about `` blacks commit most of the crime '' in the us and use it to justify racism despite never interracting with black people . 
  fucking hell , do you hear yourself talk ? 
  because you basically just said `` the right wants good things and the left wants bad things for its people '' . 
  the fuck are you supposed to say to that ? 
  i could give examples of things that the right have done that show the opposite if you 'd like . 
  well to be fair anti-immigrant sentiment is much more popular in places with fewer immigrants , it stands to reason that a lot of people who hate muslims are in places where they have minimal-low contact with them . 
  i reckon he thinks that because what you said is entirely unsubstantiated bollocks . 
  you also said `` a paki is not an englishman '' so what about an atheist of pakistani descent ? 
  also , go fuck yourself you cunt . 
  they absolutely want western countries to stir up as much hate as possible towards muslims . 
  the more anti-muslim sentiment and legislature passed the better for the terrorist organisations . 
  terrorists want us to stir up more and more hatred , more scared , make the muslims already in the country feel more and more out of place , create as much division as possible . 
  things like banning muslims from certain countries entering , making people want to `` get rid '' of them , causing rifts in society makes an absolutely perfect breeding ground for future terrorists and the current ones do n't even have to do anything . 
  yeah , that 's what they 're doing . 
  nice one . 
  what these far right parties are trying to do is fucking precisely what the terrorists want . 
  like if they had one of their members get a position of power in a major western country , they 'd say and do exactly what people like le pen are doing . 
  there is pretty much no worse option than what they 're doing if you actually want to fight terrorism . 
  this is why le pen lost . 
  you think what le pen , farage , trump , wilders etc would do counts as fighting terrorism ? 
  it 's fighting terrorism in the same way throwing water on a grease fire is fighting the fire . 
  and they 're going to do what when it comes to merkel who they 've set up as the antichrist vs the further left ? 
  only party that have taken a stance people against brexit could stand behind are the lib dems . 
  they 'll likely see a boost in voters , maybe not much in terms of seats won , almost certainly not enough to actually do anything . 
  tactical voting , tribal voting and their public perception post coalition , mainly to do with tuition fees , will do them in . 
  the only mildly promising thing , the only thing that could lead to labour not getting extra special super demolished , is that ukip took a fucking lot of voters from labour , and we can hope ( even if it 's not that likely ) that now brexit is happening and labour have n't bothered to look at all anti-brexit post vote , they might go back to them . 
  i always feel a bit mean talking about venice like that because i did only spend one day there in the summer so it could be much better at other times , but other than the architecture ( which in my opinion is n't as good as a few other places in italy ) it does n't offer a lot and after seeing a few nice views was completely done with it and was left with no desire to go back . 
  i think there is a chance that being summer with the amount of tourists and the sweaty nature of the season it felt dirtier than it normally is though . 
  and for all i know i was just having a bad day . 
  florence on the other hand is remarkable and i suggest it to anyone willing to listen . 
  florence is by far my favourite of those listed . 
  venice easily my least favourite , i found it grimy , cramped and gross . 
  did n't get into the nightlife of florence but the city is unreal . 
  i imagine milan is probably better for nightlife but in terms of history , architecture and an all around beautiful place you ca n't beat florence . 
  all of the girls i 've spoken to about it either have no preference ( this is the majority opinion ) or prefer circumcised ( not particularly common ) . 
  i care more about everton than england , and more about everton players than england players , but i do love international tournaments . 
  possibly because i assume we 'll lose every game so i do n't get as upset as some people . 
  i watch our qualifiers and friendlies but it 's quite boring . 
  i expect to get to the tournaments and nothing more . 
  everton take up a significantly larger amount of time and passion than england . 
  success is relative in club football . 
  like burnley would be happier finishing 16th than arsenal 5th , so success is important but vastly different for each set of fans . 
  i live in one of the few places in the north that voted remain and is safe labour so i think we 'd mesh well . 
  i 'm english , also voted remain , and i do n't want scotland to leave , but i fully understand and would be firmly sat on the fence if i was scottish . 
  although i 'd probably end up erring on the side of caution . 
  as a northerner i personally feel more of an affinity with the scots than people from the south east . 
  feels sort of like someone is breaking up with me but i can really understand why . 
  i really like playing basketball . 
  not my favourite to watch but i 'll stick it on if it 's there . 
  ice hockey is alright . 
  ca n't stand watching baseball , nascar or american football . 
  europe - nationalism and the rise of the right/far right and potential collapse of the eu . 
  civilisation as a whole - nationalism and rise of far right , trump , lack of action on climate change . 
  [ as a pup . 
  i 'd say squishing is on a level with how much sugar or milk you like . 
  just a preference thing . 
   are the brits tired of harry potter ? 
  no way , it 's immensely popular and always has been . 
  my sisters who are 7 and 8 have read them all , my gran read them all in her late 70 's , pretty much everyone read and watched them . 
  obviously not everyone liked them but overall , it 's hugely loved . 
  for something we make and do n't like that much , i dunno , i feel like doctor who is far more popular in america than here . 
  i only know one person who likes it and even he stopped watching when he was about 16 . 
  also you see a lot of foreign people obsessed with british tea and how to drink it properly , getting mad set ups and being really serious about it , whereas in the uk we obviously do absolutely love it as a nation but we 're extremely simple about it . 
  just stick the kettle on , tea bag in the mug ( preferably yorkshire tea ) , however much sugar you like , pour the boiling water on it , stir and squash the shit out of the bag , milk to taste . 
  none of that fancy nonsense . 
  you do if you 're from this cunt of a place . 
  beer , unless you 're sam allardyce then it 's a pint of wine . 
  yeah but nobody wants to say `` fancy half a litre '' , `` fancy a pint '' is perfect . 
  like 0.57 i think . 
  i ca n't really play sport anymore due to a horrific back injury , which i 'm actually getting an mri scan for today so that 'll be fun , but until my late teens sport was basically my entire life . 
  i played rugby , football , cricket and tennis the most , to decent levels , and then golf , basketball , badminton , handball , table tennis and squash quite regularly , with occasional forays into gymnastics , volleyball , shotput and some more athletics events , mainly field . 
  now i 'm basically limited to playing football , and only in goal , but at least that 's my second best position anyway . 
  my brother just managed to wangle himself a # 300 return ticket from the uk to la. 
  and my cousin lives in new york and it costs her about # 300 for a return from ny to uk , just need to know when and where to look apparently . 
  once or twice a year when i was a kid ( although i did go on some cruises so that would bump the average up as it 's 5-7 countries each time ) , once a year as an adult but i doubt i 'll be able to afford one this year . 
  maybe if i 'm lucky i could get a cheap as shit weekend break somewhere like amsterdam or berlin . 
  i 've only been to 3 of them , but montenegro was special for me because not only did they have the hair , the tan , all that stuff , they were also on average in the best physical shape . 
  felt like everyone from 18 to 40 were at bloody ideal levels of fitness . 
  maybe there was some kind of convention while i was there but it was ridiculous . 
  dad jeans or cargo shorts depending on time of year , guaranteed american . 
  montenegro . 
  country of fucking supermodels , men and women . 
  most shops have an america section now with all of the most popular ones , so probably go for something that 's less likely to already be in shops . 
  for example , [ you can see at tesco ] ( http://www.tesco.com/groceries/product/browse/default.aspx?n=4294697392 ) they have 6 pages on american chocolates and sweets alone . 
  i know it 's mentioned a lot , but it really is true , it tastes like vomit because of the butyric acid . 
  i 've known a few americans who think that 's a metaphor for just `` it tastes really bad '' but it 's an accurate and literal description . 
  country - london or the outskirts of london . 
  area - cheshire , some areas of wirral like caldy . 
  i meet a lot of spanish people , for some reason there 's a big spanish community in liverpool , and i suppose those who move here are more likely to be the ones willing to learn the language ( and some did n't speak a word of it before moving here ) , but they are a lot better than they give themselves credit for . 
  they might not tend to be as good as germans , the dutch , the scandinavians etc , but they 're rarely as bad as they think . 
  it seems to be pronunciation problems more than anything . 
  i grew up nearby and have lived in liverpool for 5 years and i still do n't have a fucking clue what they 're saying half the time . 
  genuinely sometimes think they 're speaking an eastern european language . 
  luckily nobody can ever guess where i 'm from so apparently i never picked it up . 
  it 's not that there 's a decrease in attacks , it 's that there was a spike for a brief period . 
  look at how many there have been in the years before that patch . 
  there 's a reason they set the office there . 
  we 're a bit different to america in that the countryside tends to be for more well off people , and the city outskirts tend to be the poorest areas . 
  country bumpkins .
