originally the wirral and live in liverpool now , so that and the merseyside area where the majority of my facebook friends are from but i have a fair few from around the country , around europe , a fair few australians through my partner and a fair few americans for various reasons . 
  we 've got a lot of cheap housing and stuff . 
  not sure why it is exactly , i know a few people with kids but below the age of 25 i think i 've known only 2 of hundreds of facebook friends . 
  i honestly have no idea why this is but it 's what i 've observed . 
  but i am engaged at 23 so maybe i could buck the trend . 
  it is from mine , the youngest marriage i 've seen was my cousin at 27 . 
  everything is saying only the gunman dead now . 
  it 's only one ukip candidate and farage did speak against this , but one of them did say  `` the lib-lab-cons have conspired with a foreign power , the eu , and are all thereby guilty of treason . 
  they have sold britain , which is the fifth largest economy , illegally into increasing slavery inside the eu dictatorship . 
  those responsible should be hung by the neck until dead . '' [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/10839448/my-rivals-should-be-hanged-for-treason-says-ukip-candidate.html ) as i say , it 's only one guy and we ca n't say that 's true of all of ukip , even though i think the language they use could definitely , directly or indirectly incite violence , but it 's not like they as a party have a completely clean history . 
  henning wehn has a programme on now about immigrants in the uk that 's quite funny . 
  you really did n't see any of it ? 
  around the time of the referendum you could get them all within the first 10 minutes of question time . 
  you sure got them . 
  probably one of the people who thinks they 'll be muslim hellholes in no time . 
  it 's easier to shake hands with your left than saw your right hand off with your left . 
  he was clearly thinking ahead . 
  ca n't say i 've spoken to any but i live in a very lefty place compared to most of the country , and we voted heavily to remain so i ca n't really say . 
  the reasons given for leaving are an absolute shambles but the only place i 've seen comments about the empire have been in the mail online comments . 
  i know they 're out there i just do n't know how many . 
  not sure how many people actually think that we 'll suddenly become a superpower , but the amount of people who think we 'll become more prominent on the world stage after this disaster is embarrassing . 
  not a particularly new place . 
  it does seem quite arbitrary that we had a vote on this but not other things . 
  if the public voted on every important decision the country would be even more of a shambles . 
  there 's a reason we have a parliament and everything is n't up to the people . 
  you 're right , when you mix the lack of time and will to be informed enough with the way the media is these days , it being incredibly easy to only ever see what you agree with and the majority of the tabloid press , which is how most people get their news along with facebook , clearly being extremely biased , there 's no chance of a public capable of making a good decision . 
  i do n't care if it sounds bitter or elitist or anything , the public have shown around the world in the last few years that they 're incapable . 
  i 'm not american and the post was about brexit so i 'm not talking about us politics . 
  it 's going to keep being the eu and foreigners . 
  it 's still worth having a discussion about how and why a certain result happened instead of repeatedly shouting `` we won deal with it democracy democracy democracy '' with your fingers in your ears . 
  if a campaign similar to the leave campaign in nature ran in favour of anything else and it won , it 'd absolutely need to be questioned just as much whether or not i agree with it . 
  people are n't saying it was manipulation just because they disagree with the result . 
  nobody said this when the tories were elected in 2015 . 
  the campaign for brexit was something else to anything we 'd seen before . 
  not everything that gets voted for by the people should be given a free pass from scrutiny , and we 're absolutely allowed to believe leave only won because they fooled millions of people . 
  do people not wonder for a minute why these people want these things ? 
  take a second to maybe realise they do n't have the poor working class folks ' best interests at heart like they say they do ? 
  that is where it came from , the word soccer was n't really invented as an insult but it was used sneeringly as an insult from private school wankers . 
  great comment from reddit describes it all well . 
  they did n't call it soccer because they wanted to , it was specifically used in a negative way because they disliked the sport and the people who played it . 
  it 's not just a different name , it 's a specifically inflammatory name . 
  class division is a massive thing in the uk in a similar way to racial tensions in the us , and was particularly aggressive at the time we 're talking about . 
  saying the lower classes decided not to use the word as a way to say fuck the elitists is ridiculous . 
  there was already a word for it and they did n't use the new insult for the sport , obviously , like anyone would . 
  there 's a real reason to be annoyed by being told soccer is the right word , if you 're told soccer is n't the right name for the sport and is n't really an english word for the sport and you get all sensitive about people not liking you using that word , it 's a bit weird . 
  you think you 're getting shit on , jesus . 
  people do n't care what americans call it , get your persecution hat off trying to play the victim , they just do n't like being told we 're wrong about the name of a sport we invented and named . 
  you can call it what you like but it 's probably a bad idea to tell people what they should call it , particularly when you 've no right to . 
  there are more english speakers in india than the us and their english is significantly closer to ours ( we 'll , it basically just is british english ) because of the quite recent colonial past . 
  rich people who hated football invented it as an insult . 
  football was used for a long time before soccer existed as a word , and when it was used by certain people the vast majority did n't only refuse to use it , but despised the word , its creation , and those who created it . 
  imagine a group of people who had nothing to do with american football and looked down on it and those who played it with contempt , and started calling it merry merry handy ball to piss off the millions of working class people who love the sport . 
  then skip a few decades and other people from other countries actually call the sport that with no irony and then say `` lol you invented the word , it 's an american name for an american sport so we 're right '' . 
  saying `` the funny thing is soccer is what the english called it '' is a far better way of triggering me than just calling it soccer . 
  well , it might . 
  no reason to believe anything she says yet , particularly about brexit . 
  i 'm assuming you are n't counting the uk there , because it would absolutely be between us and ireland for the worst foreign language abilities . 
  okay pal . 
  i have , from a place my ny native tour guide says is the best pizza in ny , and it has absolutely nothing on real italian pizza . 
  it was alright , nothing to write home about . 
  if you think by `` our friends '' he means he is actually friends with them and agrees with the organisations then you have a bizarrely simple mind . 
  if you think he supports hamas and hezbollah then you must 've just read a couple of bollocks headlines and taken them as fact . 
  jesus how can people be quite that stupid ? 
  it 's a problem that is blamed for a ludicrous amount of things that have nothing to do with immigration and everything to do with the ineptitude of our government . 
  in terms of jobs , there are few jobs that it has a miner effect on , the vast , vast majority of people who say immigrants make it harder to get work are incorrect . 
  they pay far more in taxes than they get out in benefits . 
  they 're less likely to be on benefits than the average brit and more likely to have a job despite having little to no impact on the job market . 
  the major problems people have with immigrants have been cleverly deflected from and by the people causing it . 
  and let 's live in a fantasy world where these concerns are accurate , it 's still voting massively against their own interests to vote on immigration alone . 
  there are lots of parties other than the conservatives . 
  everyone other than the rich has more reason to vote for a different party pretty much any other party . 
  even though i hate them at much as the tories i even understand people thinking a vote for ukip would help them out personally the most . 
  and yeah , immigration is an issue that the media has controlled people 's perceptions of more than anything else . 
  of course they 're going to aline with that regardless of whether it 's actually good for them or not . 
  they 'll not be happy when the underfunding of the nhs mixed with a lack of immigrants to work in it that are 100 % needed , leads to them waiting longer and receiving worse health care service . 
  just one example . 
  congratulations , asking if you even knew what it is was going to be my next question . 
  it shows precisely that in my opinion . 
  the fact that so many people whose lives will be made actively worse by the conservatives , and that is very clear if you just read their manifesto , who vote for them shows it does n't matter what policies they have , a certain amount of people will vote for who they 're told to vote for . 
  you absolutely can win it by being the enemy of everyone but the ultra rich . 
  if a group of extremist muslims were about to sit in parliament and have a big say on the way this country will be ran then i think everyone would have a fucking problem . 
  the how dare they is because they might actually get to impose some of it , nobody thinks anything worse about christianity in general because of this lot , as they do n't think worse of muslims because of the extremists , but if extremists of any kind get power it 's terrifying . 
  you were either being massively disingenuous , or you 're a proper ignorant fuck . 
  fucking hell you 're grasping at straws worse than theresa . 
  how is that a straw man ? 
  we were talking about muslims . 
  but still , if you * were * correct about their crime statistics , it 's the same reasoning because your thoughts went to `` oh it 's immigrants/muslims doing it , must be something about immigrants/muslims '' rather than look at why they might have higher statistics . 
  how is it different in any way ? 
  also is n't it just some of the recent refugees from the crisis causing increases in crime in certain areas ? 
  immigrants tend to have similar or lower levels of crime in the uk than native brits . 
  and is it a coincidence that poverty and crime are inextricably linked and refugees are much more likely to be in a poor financial situation ? 
  do n't think so . 
  the left is n't a homogenous blob . 
  people on the left are in favour of open discourse , people on the left are n't in favour of open discourse , people on the right are in favour of open discourse , people on the right are n't in favour of open discourse . 
  you 're a fool if you think it 's specifically left wing people , and most people experience far more pushback from the opposite side than their own so obviously to me it feels like the right are far less open to it than the left , and to you it will feel the opposite . 
  you spell favour without the u so i assume you 're american , so your experiences will be even more different than if we were political opposites in the same country . 
  which left ? 
  i ca n't think of an example of a left wing government or party in the western world that favour measures that harm the natives , and i can think of lots of right wing ones that do . 
  the current conservative government in the uk and republican government in the us are perfect examples of governments that do n't give the slightest fuck about the people in their country , or other countries . 
  i 'd prefer a government to lean towards caring about everybody than caring about nobody .
