  we still have all the kinds everywhere else has but they have to be mentioned specifically . 
  i asked for one when i was about 13 but my dad had a massive go at me and told me to stop being dramatic . 
  also i do n't know if it 's back injuries in general or just the kind i have , but after trying not long ago a cane does n't actually help and would only be for show , so that would feel very deceitful . 
  this is obviously a good thing , but it can be annoying too . 
  i have a pretty severe back problem that means i ca n't really stand up for very long , and if i 've been walking around i 'll desperately need to sit or i 'll be in a lot of pain . 
  i 'm constantly paranoid about looking like a twat for sitting down on the off chance an old person will need my seat when it 's particularly bad , and i ca n't exactly shout to the train carriage that i have an issue and need the seat as that would be horrendously embarrassing at best , and everyone would think i was lying and hate me at worst . 
  i 've had to force myself to stand up and wince every time the train turns a corner , stops or starts loads of times . 
  closest thing to what we in the anglosphere call coffee is a flat white or americano in a lot of places . 
  i prefer a flat white myself . 
  we say coffee and then specify if you mean something else like a capuccino , but in a lot of places saying you want a coffee is like saying you would like to order some alcohol or a fizzy drink/soda . 
  it 's the same some places in the uk as well . 
  spanish people are probably my favourites . 
  massive generalisation obviously but overall they 're the best . 
  the ones i get on best with anyway . 
  both in spain and as tourists/immigrants here . 
  i used to specifically go to a certain bar because i 'd made loads of spanish friends there . 
  never knew there was such a spanish community in liverpool until i found this group that seemed to never end and new people were coming every week . 
  in my experience french and portuguese children are the worst in theme parks and water parks and stuff . 
  they just run in front of everyone , are loud as fuck , jump in queues constantly which is the most annoying then refuse to get to the back of the line , one portuguese water park i went to had a problem with local kids stealing everyone 's shoes . 
  the portuguese were always worse than the french for me but the french are a bit guilty too . 
  yeah it 's absoutely dead . 
  he links the most ridiculous things as well . 
  he got annoyed at me for saying a thing he linked was a question by an american yesterday , so he went into my history and found a different comment on a different post , by another american , and got all angry that despite saying i had a good time in america i made up bullshit about their drinking culture and how it 's dead after 2am , and how that 's me talking about how superior we are . 
  something has gone wrong in that chap 's life . 
  lol, 
  went on a month road trip from la to ny with trek america . 
  it was great fun , but i think a couple of days was the right amount of time to spend in pretty much everywhere . 
  and sometimes a day was too long , like in lubbock . 
  stopped in about 17 states overall i think . 
  i find there is n't anywhere near as much of a cultural change between states as a lot of people seem to think . 
  i have no idea what anyone is talking about when they say it 's like going to another country . 
  i was acutely aware at all times that i was in the usa . 
  i think with the people , it 's the same as most places in that there are dicks , and there are great people , but with america how loud most people are means you can tell who are the dicks and who is great right away , meaning you feel like you encounter an overwhelming amount of both . 
  however , as most people are great , and as you notice what people are like right away , it 's fun to meet so many cool people . 
  drinking culture was a bit odd for me . 
  we were the weirdos for wanting to carry on drinking after 2am in everywhere except vegas . 
  new orleans during mardi gras and memphis during st patricks day included . 
  we were looked at strangely a lot for drinking during the late afternoon , and we had complaints to the campsite staff despite being quiet because we were `` drinking during the day '' in a campsite . 
  the weather was good , i went in march and enjoyed experiencing warm weather for lots of it and cool weather for other bits . 
  grand canyon was good , hiked into it for a couple of hours but i think there 's only so much time it remains interesting . 
  monument valley and a camp fire , stories , singing and dancing with native americans under the stars was a really great experience , that bread thing they have with the veggies was delicious . 
  there are so many homeless people , it was really disconcerting . 
  some places in dc for example you can turn the corner and see 70 + homeless people on a small patch of grass . 
  the south was good to visit but i 'd never want to live there . 
  i saw so fucking many bullet holes , saw a couple of badly shot up churches which made no sense to me . 
  of all the places i visited i think san diego would be the only place i 'd consider living in . 
  santa fe if i was retiring there maybe . 
  new york was interesting and i enjoyed the visit very much , but i have the same problem there as i do in london , paris etc in that i generally do n't like the people , atmosphere and the society it creates . 
  throughout america i found the food to be plentiful , and varying massively in quality . 
  there was some great barbecue food down south , but i ate so much awful quality food in some supposedly great , highly rated places . 
  i really enjoyed the experience though . 
  had some amazing fun and made some great friends ( only one american unfortunately but made some american aqcuaintances ) . 
  as that goes on there 's more and more of an agenda . 
  at first it seemed interesting and worthwhile but it really did seem by the end that you just wanted to rant a bit . 
  anyway . 
  i 'm a firm atheist who obviously does n't pray , go to church , or belong to a church . 
  people can believe whatever religion they want to , and i have no problems with people discussing it , but it should really be kept private as much as possible and definitely should not get into politics , or schools unless purely for educational purposes . 
  i 'd be fine with a world where religion was an entirely private endeavour or eradicated , but i do n't think either are possible for at least a long while . 
  i can see why it 'd be a popular summer drink , especially for those who have n't fully developed the aqcuired taste for beer . 
  we have pimms for that . 
  interesting . 
  i suppose that 's no different to shandy really . 
  my city has around 400k people and we have loads of mexican places , although only a few are real mexican food rather than tex mex . 
  ignoring the obvious pile of shit in there , you would still have the same genes if your parents emigrated to whatever country you 're talking about before you were born , yet you 'd still be from there . 
  wait . 
  wait . 
  wait . 
  wait . 
  hang on . 
  there are people who put ice in wine and beer ? 
  currently studying forensic anthropology . 
  probably wo n't go into anything related to it as a career but i 'm undecided . 
  i was interested in going to do a palaeoanthropology masters and seeing where that leads me but after studying it further in depth for a research project and really getting into it , i 'm not sure it 's for me . 
  i 'd be interested in training to become a therapist but how you qualify is quite complicated so i 'll have to do more research on that , but it 's top of my list right now . 
  well yeah obviously some people like that exist , if you have enough people doing something as a joke or satire , people will end up believing that very thing . 
  same for all sorts of views , poe 's law i suppose . 
  but also huge negative reactions towards people who show small and reasonable beliefs that harm nobody and could be great result in those beliefs getting more extreme for some people . 
  i 'm technically discriminated against all the fucking time on reddit alone for being british , european , left wing , my views on all sorts , does n't mean i can judge anyone , does n't mean i care one bit . 
  i do n't think any of those things make me able to judge anyone or anything other than the person saying it . 
  we do n't live in america so we ca n't really talk about the impact of blm and all that , we can only talk about what we see , and it appears from here that it was initially a good movement with very reasonable motives that got worse in part because of the reaction to it , and now there are groups of them who use that as a banner to hide behind to perform horrendous acts . 
  but again , it 's not a majority , and it does come from issues that should absolutely be addressed . 
  milo yiannopoulos is an absolute piece of shit and a scumbag . 
  on top of that he 's an attention whore , most likely exaggerating his own views because he enjoys it . 
  i 've been aware of him for quite a few years now and saw him on british television a good few times , and he 's always been bad but he recently got far worse because he was getting more attention . 
  the islam thing is another that has come from huge division and aggression initially from the right , in my opinion . 
  if civil discussion was had from the beginning , only the most deluded would deny that in the quran there are advocations for violence as there are in most religious texts ( yet judging any individual muslim or group of them based on certain passages is wrong , and it is extremely bigoted to judge anyone for being a muslim alone and not their actions ) , but because of the far right 's treatment of muslims everyone is now extremely defensive . 
  so many problems we 're seeing come from ignorance , bigotry and aggression that have spiralled out of control on both sides . 
  having said that , it 's still an extreme minority and you 'll find if you spend a lot less time on the internet the problem will mysteriously almost disappear . 
  i have a lot of issues with the whole thing . 
  firstly , i do n't think it 's anywhere near as problematic as a lot of people think . 
  a huge amount of the sjw shit people get irritated about is satire . 
  i have a facebook friend who shares this shit and i look them up and they 're fucking always satire or photoshopped , and i show him , and he keeps posting them because he really wants to believe and wants things to back up his beleifs . 
  people just have this enemy in their heads and want to believe everything to make them feel vindicated . 
  another thing is that people want to believe this so much they look at awful , stupid , biased `` news '' reports and websites that exaggerate , invent or embellish minor stories and blow them up . 
  it gets clicks , more people think it 's an issue , more people click on the stories , they print more extreme bullshit , more people believe it stronger and stronger so it just keeps going and getting worse . 
  for the few , the small minority , that really are too extreme , it probably comes from normal progressive people receiving such a bad reaction so they 're driven further into their beliefs when they feel like a martyr . 
  same , but a much , much smaller problem ( the problem of sjw 's is non existent in comparison ) , as the alt right movement and the support donald trump has , and even islamic extremists . 
  so basically , it really does n't seem like an issue , and the derisive reaction to anyone progressive has only made it far worse . 
  america does extremes like nobody else . 
  also i forgot to say , the word is used to describe anyone who disagrees with you on something .
