  next was `` fuck it 's big '' . 
  third was `` jesus that guy behind the counter was a wanker '' . 
  felt quite like london in a lot of ways with similar positives and negatives ( in terms of the people , the amount of people , prices , kind of activity etc ) but with even more homeless people , more things to do , less greenery and a worse underground . 
  more rude people but more overtly nice people than london too . 
  it was the first place i went where it did n't feel like 99 % of the people there were american or mexican which was a nice change of pace . 
  a lot more modern than most of the states . 
  fucking hell calm down with the flags !, 
  wandering around freely was better than just getting the train to each exact site along with all the rest of the tourists and feeling like part of the herd . 
  it was * extremely * dirty and smelt pretty awful . 
  overall it was a fairly enjoyable holiday destination , although not one of my favourite places i saw over there , and i definitely would not live there . 
  my only religious item is a welsh bible from the 19th century that was found in my great uncle 's stuff after he died . 
  i 'm not religious but it 's a pretty cool thing to have . 
  i 'm from northern england and if i were to move and had a free choice , i 'd go to either edinburgh , somewhere in the netherlands ( possibly utrecht ) , or maybe germany . 
  i 've only briefly visited germany so i 'd have to visit again before deciding , but the main thing is outside of where i live now and some other areas of england , edinburgh and the netherlands are the places i 've felt most comfortable and most at home . 
  ideally i 'd like to try and live in various places though , i 'd like to experience living in italy , norway , new zealand , switzerland etc. 
  i agree with a lot of that , but i do think we still make some extremely good stuff , for example 2 of my favourite tv shows at the moment are sherlock and black mirror , another is peep show which has only just finished . 
  a lot of our better actors end up in america making films and tv shows though because they pay better , which is a shame . 
  one thing we 're never going to give up , and is in my opinion at least as good as it 's ever been , is comedy panel shows . 
  yorkshire obviously . 
  yeah i 'd say it 's pretty split between cereal and toast , with full englishes being a rare treat . 
  do n't know anyone who has them regularly . 
  i also enjoy the occasional bowl of cereal as a late night thing if i skipped lunch or something . 
  i feel like the younger american tourists are more likely to keep to their group , but those older than 35 tend to be a lot more talkative . 
  they 're all loud , but the younger ones are loud to each other . 
  enthusiastic is the word i would use for american tourists . 
  the majority of the time i 'll talk to one is to give directions though , the older ones will definitely ask everyone they see until someone knows where they 're looking for , i 've seen a few younger groups who were clearly lost but were n't asking anyone . 
  there are bullet holes within the walls of dubrovnik , but not many . 
  not hard to miss them . 
  i love croatia though , amazing country . 
  i 've spent a total of about 3 months in the us . 
  most extensively travelling in a 1 month period from la to ny by van through the south , visiting i think 17 states overall . 
  i had great fun but i do n't think i 'd ever live there things i noticed . 
  after being told so often how different each state is and it 's like going to a different country or whatever ( i was n't expecting it to be like going to a new country but was expecting a lot of differences ) , i was surprised at how similar everywhere was . 
  the only differences i noticed were geographical which is true of most countries , the weather , and differences in culture between country and city which is also true of everywhere . 
  i found the people are as nice or horrible as anywhere else , but you know about it a lot quicker . 
  they 're so loud you notice immediately if someone is nice or a prick , so you feel like you 're surrounded by both constantly and feel like there 's a huge gap in how nice people are , but realistically it 's the same everywhere , it 's just that you do n't know as you do n't hear other people 's conversations anywhere near as much , nor do you converse with strangers anywhere near a much . 
  the roads are huge but i was n't going to be deterred from crossing when and where i want if there 's nothing coming god dammit . 
  cars are huge because the roads are so big . 
  the long stretches of absolutely nothing got very tiresome , very quickly . 
  food was surprisingly similar in america to here , main differences are they have proper bbq food but finding proper indian food was impossible almost everywhere . 
  also outside of the major cities , restaurants were closing at like 8 or 9pm which is insanity . 
  we have a similar amount of fat people , but your fat people take fat to a whole new , extremely impressive level . 
  public transport was absolutely atrocious . 
  your malls are great . 
  you 're a lot more open about weed in some places unsurprisingly . 
  the entire city of san diego stank of the stuff , which i did n't mind because i like the smell . 
  i saw a lot of bullet holes , and for some reason in like half the really small towns i went to in the south there were loads of bullet holes in churches which was very surprising . 
  you * definitely * do n't know much about accents in the uk . 
  i do n't have a strong accent at all but i had loads of people not believe i was english , they thought i was an american trying and failing to do an english accent . 
  and also most are n't against people from `` the good countries '' who are n't `` stealing working class jobs '' . 
  the greens have a lot of issues , but caroline lucas is absolutely brilliant . 
  it 's pretty unusual for a person younger than middle aged to have a pay as you go plan rather than a monthly contract . 
  i do n't use whatsapp but the group and picture thing is good i guess , i tend to use skype for group chats but 99 % of it is texting for me . 
  in america they might use it more because they 're charged for texts but if they have wi-fi can use whatsapp for free maybe ? 
  skype and whatsapp also let you talk to people in other countries for free very easily . 
  i think the vast majority of people would prefer for nobody to `` have the reigns '' . 
  people have a problem with a country that believes itself to be the world police fullstop , they are n't just saying they 'd prefer a different one . 
  i thought it was the [ horifically ugly radio city tower ] ( http://static.thousandwonders.net/radio.city.tower.original.26147.jpg ) at 138 metres , but it turns out it 's the [ only quite ugly west tower ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/west_tower_night.jpg ) which is 140 metres tall . 
  i reckon she probably meant current ones given the mention of selling out arenas . 
  glad to see a liverpool mention . 
  i moved here a few years ago and absolutely love it . 
  as well as the architecture , museums , nightlife , people , shopping and the waterfront , for me it 's exactly the right size . 
  big enough to be able to find new places all the time and properly explore it , small enough to feel really homey and have a real societal feel . 
  we 've clearly had very different experiences . 
  and that 's fine . 
  i would say most people are interested , americans are obsessed . 
  from my experience . 
  the only people i 've ever met in my life who 've put something ahead of/alongside their nation of birth are southern asian people ( so you 'll hear a lot of pakistani british for example ) and american people . 
  so if you 're born in estonia , raised in estonia , speak the language and are in every conceivable way estonian other than the passports of your parents rather than your own , you are n't estonian but your child is ? 
  what changed between you and your child with regards to ethnicity ? 
  how did you arrive at that conclusion and do you have anything other than your own opinion to support it ? 
  what if you 're adopted and raised by estonians ? 
  i said * or * scientific , that was just an add on as in there 's nothing to support your argument at all if you define it as an issue of social construct or science . 
  ethnicity can become scientifically entwined if you consider genetics and ancestral history , which lots of people do . 
  either way you 're pulling everything you 're saying out of thin air . 
  common language , social , cultural and national experiences can all come from being born in a place , actually being raised there not in some kind of reserve is the only necessity , or even just living there for a long time even if you were n't raised there . 
  ancestral is ridiculous and way too subjective . 
  again , how long do you have to be able to trace your family back to have estonian ancestry ? 
  if both of your parents were born in estonia are you estonian ? 
  what if all of their grandparents were foreign born ? 
  what if all of their grandparents were born in estonia but all of * their * parents were foreign born ? 
  it 's an absolute nonsense and a million miles from anything measurable or scientific in any way . 
  what is an ethnic estonian ? 
  there is no estonian ethnicity . 
  how many generations do you have to live somewhere before becoming ethnically estonian ? 
  i think you 're hugely overplaying genetics and their importance , as well as our ability to identify someone 's dna as ethnic anything beyond broad strokes . 
  you can , which is why the nation of your parents and possibly grandparents if they play a large part in your upbringing will have an impact . 
  and it would be fine to say you 're whatever-american . 
  it 's the people who have absolutely no connection , or minimal connection , to a place then claiming genetics makes them a certain way rather than the country they were born and raised in , or discounting the impact the country you live in has no matter what the situation with family is unless you live in a reserve . 
  if i have a child that is born and raised in , for example , france , then they will be french . 
  as i said in another comment , my girlfriend is australian , her dad was born in england and moved to australia when he was 7 , grandparents heavily involved were british , but she 's just australian . 
  ricky gervais is half french canadian but you only ver hear it mentioned when people ask about his name . 
  it 's just not important to other people , they are who they are regardless of the nationality of relatives . 
  i just think it 's bizarre to be so desperate to attain an identity outside of whoever you are . 
  the people who look into their family history to try and gain an idea of who they are make absolutely no sense . 
  the outside impacts on who you are in my opinion are the country you live in and the immediate family members , wherever they 're from . 
  it is an odd one . 
  it was originally used in a specific area of germany so i assume he means that and just has n't done the research he should have before making the claims . 
  another reason to doubt he descended from french nobility . 
  this is part of the confusion , other countries are similar levels , or more diverse and/or have more foreign born people than the us and do n't do this .
