  pretty much nowhere is religious anymore , city or country , religiosity is more an age thing . 
  most of the remaining religious people are the oldies . 
  not since my great uncle who was a desert rat and both of my grandfathers died . 
  i 'm pretty sure , at least until trump was elected , putin was the least liked , well known leader for british people . 
  the fact that putin wanted trump elected was seen as yet another huge reason to not want trump as president . 
  that 's pretty much my opinion . 
  hunt if you want but only if there 's a use for it . 
  shoot at the range as much as you like , just leave your gun there . 
  fair play . 
  this oviously depends hugely on time and money constraints , but if i was let loose starting and ending in london within reasonable limits looking for those things this is what i 'd do . 
  disclaimer , there are loads of places i 'd add if you had the time , but this is trying to make it a sensible circle to loop back around with really short travel times , but it 's probably too many places . 
  something like ; london-edinburgh-amsterdam-berlin-prague-vienna-budapest-zagreb / split/dubrovnik ( whichever you prefer the look of ) - rome-florence-cannes-barcelona-paris-london . 
  leaving you with a map like [ this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fmfe2ql.png ) if you do n't have the time and money just take out some of those that are closer to each other maybe . 
  like skip prague and cannes or something . 
  how long is the trip ? 
  also what do you like ? 
  want a mix of history , architecture , nightlife , weather , natural beauty , museums etc ? 
  that makes quite a difference to where i 'd suggest . 
  with regards to safety you 'll be absolutely fine in any major city and almost everywhere else as well . 
  that too . 
  never seen either version myself though . 
  i 've been with a mixed race australian woman for almost 5 years , and she 's the only girlfriend i 've ever had so it 's hard to talk about differences . 
  australians are generally pretty similar to british people , so other than the tv we grew up watching there was n't a huge amount of adapting to do . 
  she moved here with no problems at all really , she says she feels more comfortable and like she fits in better here than back home . 
  mostly we just make fun of how the other one says things , or phrases that are different . 
  yeah it 's probably more american than british but such a huge amount of the production is in the hands of brits , whether they 're filming in belfast , morocco ( which they have n't for a few years ) , spain or croatia . 
  if i wrote and paid for something to be made and pretty much everyone who worked on it including the directors of most episodes and pretty much all of the cast were from a specific other country , i 'd have a bloody hard time claiming it was british . 
  that 's another reason why for black mirror season 3 america deserves some credit for its involvement . 
  i think we can as most of it is filmed in the uk and 90 % of the cast and crew are british . 
  it 's not a british show but it 's not american either unless the only important thing is who provides the money . 
  what about black mirror or sherlock ? 
  they are n't snooty dramas . 
  it was fucking atrocious . 
  i like that the location does n't really matter though , it plays a small part in the story , but it does have to be a shithole and i personally think it has to be in the uk to work . 
  croydon itself was perfect but it could have worked in lots of british shitholes . 
  tv has taken over film in lots of ways in america yeah , but we do still have some good stuff , although we 're in a slump . 
  we 've got lots of good comedy but nothing amazing like we 're used to ( now peep show has finished anyway ) , then we 've got the attenborough docs , documentaries in general i think we 're probably the best at , black mirror and sherlock are brilliant . 
  we 've got things like broadchurch , downton abbey and peaky blinders . 
  game of thrones is pretty much a joined effort between britain and america , plus spain chipping in but we can claim a hand in that . 
  you are right that we 're not doing as well as we used to , but we 've still got some great stuff . 
  america has seriously raised the game in tv shows recently though , at least it makes up for the relatively average effort in film recently . 
  yeah it is , but america remade it , terribly . 
  [ here is the trailer . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cscaeijmx3u ), 
  not to series but there was an unaired ( ? ), 
  pilot with johnny galecki . 
  [ this is it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yredc3ayoe ) watch and try not to be sick . 
  also sorry for the horrific quality . 
  ca n't really comment on doctor who , not a fan at all . 
  an argument could be made for television . 
  there have been a fucking lot of british tv shows that were remade in america , mostly terrible but a few gems in there . 
  the terrible and often shockingly bad ones include inbetweeners , skins , peep show , top gear etc. 
  good ones include the office , house of cards , whose line is it anyway etc. 
  some of the questions are a bit tricky , for example  the french complain a lot , often go on strike , and are in general lazy workers as one question is hard , as i think the first two are true and the third is false . 
  i 've been buying stroopwaffels in the uk for years . 
  i remember having some as a kid actually , so like 15 years ago . 
  there seems to be quite a theme here , as my experience with tourists is also overall extremely positive , and that 's that if you live somewhere that is n't the main place people think to go to because it 's the capital or `` party town '' then you get the good tourists . 
  the only tourists that i 've really found irritating here have been people from elsewhere in the uk or ireland . 
  i think the question is a bit vague but i 'll try and answer . 
  it seems to be very divided , in lots of places you 'll see people talking freely about it and often in over the top detail , in the middle classes and up you tend to see more people being a bit more shy about the details of their sex lives . 
  in terms of sexuality , it 's all accepted by a huge majority , but you get the occasional thuggish twat who gives gay people some shit . 
  i 've known people who were very nervous about coming out but it all went very well in the end for them . 
  i do n't feel fully comfortable talking about the difficulties they face having not had to go through it myself , but i think it 's a lot better than it used to be . 
  basically still a few creases to iron out but generally good . 
  brexit and/or ukip . 
  yeah taking advantage of associating it with a certain holiday and giving people the nostalgia thing so they keep buying it even though it 's not very good is a decent business model for a subpar product . 
  i 've seen it in the american sections of some shops recently . 
  tried some when i went to america a few years ago and have absolutely no desire to try it again . 
  not a fan . 
  the report came out in 2014 based on the year 2011 . 
  my own source that 's using 5 year old data from just after they got in power and were shackled by the lib dems ? 
  pretty basic errors in there mate . 
  [ citation provided . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/uks-healthcare-ranked-the-best-out-of-11-western-countries-with-us-coming-last-9542833.html ) i 'm not going to pretend new labour were perfect , i 'm not a fan of them and hate tony blair . 
  they also kicked off the privatisation of the nhs which i fucking hate , but the tories have absolutely shat the nhs down the pan . 
  they 've forced it because of an ideology and it 's despicable . 
   that 'd be nice if it were true , but unfortunately it 's not it was true in 2011 . 
  i wonder what happened around the turn of the decade to see it slip so far ... 
  i reckon a pub in the city centre would n't be useful , however i do live a short walk away from a sportsdirect . 
  could run in , grab some bats , pads and a helmet and i 'd be set . 
  if it originated in the uk though we 'd be absolutely fucked as a little , relatively densely populated island . 
  countryfolk might be alright , particularly farmers with guns . 
  although , i reckon a good number of people have a cricket bat lying around and [ we all know how effective those are . 
  ] ( http://cdn2-www.craveonline.com/assets/uploads/gallery/10-cool-ways-to-kill-monsters-trying-to-kill-you/shaun-of-the-dead.jpg ), 
  nah not really . 
  i like britain and can appreciate how it 's helped shape me as a person , but beyond sporting events i do n't tend to get a feel of patriotism often at all . 
  i do n't feel any sense of achievement or greatness for being born here . 
  for example , i do n't feel pride in our military , our scientific achievements etc. 
  i suppose i quite like it when we produce a good show or film , and feel a strange sense of pride about things like attenborough 's docs and used to be proud of our nhs , but generally no . 
  i feel closer culturally to some people from other countries than people from certain places in england for example . 
  seems pretty arbitrary to be proud of something you 've played no part in other than existing . 
  i like the statement of being happy to be british , but not proud of it . 
  absolutely , 100 % , complete bullshit . 
  not even slightly true in any way . 
  there are n't no go zones of any kind for any people , let alone police . 
  some places are more dangerous than others obviously but only in the same way as every other country and it 's nothing to do with religious groups or races . 
  bear in mind this was the last place of a month long trip to america so i was very used to most things american at this point . 
  literally my first impression was that the taxi driver taking us over from new jersey was a wanker .
