  and we really do n't understand how having a relative be from a different place gives you any additional identity . 
  identity to me is very personal and nothing to do where a great grandparent was born . 
  you do n't obtain identity from dead relatives , you get the kind of identity you 're talking about from when , where and how you 're raised . 
  happens on reddit all the time . 
  and on the internet in general . 
  [ here is a favourite . 
  ] ( https://archive.is/4yucm )  hi . 
  my aunt is marrying a norwegian . 
  we are mostly scandinavian . 
  my aunt and mom are more scandinavian than i am , about half . 
  but i am about 1/3 . 
  i do look scandinavian since i have those scandinavian genes . 
  i am also french , english and high german . 
  the scandinavian i inherited is of the nobility , my maternal grandfather came from freisland and his parents are what you would call kaisers which is like a minor emperor . 
  i also have french nobility . 
  things like that are just so bizarre . 
  i also met a fair few in just a month in america . 
  maybe people are more willing to talk about their heritage when with a foreigner or something , i do n't know . 
  more bemusement . 
  in my case at least . 
  it 's annoying when someone says they are irish or italian or something because of a grandparent , and exponentially worse as the relative gets more distant . 
  i do n't actually know what i find stranger , people who have one grandparent from somewhere and the rest elsewhere but pick one out for some reason , maybe because of their surname , or those who say i 'm x % this , y % that etc. 
  it 's fine to be interested in your own background , but it 's really weird to us to be so invested in it , or take any kind of pride in having relatives from a certain place . 
  then there 's also the thing where they 'll say `` i like drinking because i 'm irish '' or `` i 'm really efficient , must be my german grandad '' which is incredibly stupid and borderline insulting depending on the stereotype . 
  i suppose it 's just odd because most people have ancestors from various places , but americans seem to be the only ones who care . 
  it probably comes from the relative youth of your country making people feel like they need more of an ethnic identity than american , when everyone else is just fine with being from where they 're from even if they 're from places with a higher immigrant population than america , and value where they were born and rasied ( and maybe their parents ' nations ) as much more a part of them than places they 've never been , mixed with the idea that you 're a nation of immigrants being hammered into you from birth which places as young as you , like australia for example , do n't tend to deal with . 
  my girlfriend is australian , two grandparents are english and her dad lived in england until he was 7 , she 's now lived here for 4 years , yet she calls herself 100 % australian and does n't `` identify '' as half english at all , because this country had no bearing on her upbringing or life . 
  can you find me a study that shows the ethnicity by origin ? 
  i would n't be surprised if america was top , but i 've looked and never found anything to support it other than opinion pieces . 
  and i feel like there 's a certain amount of bias going on with the melting pot thing . 
  lots of countries have a huge history of immigration and cultural assimilation . 
  we hear constantly about the irish and the italians having to have certain communities separate from the rest when they first came over . 
  irish ghettos and all that . 
  for example , the british empire means we 've had huge levels of immigration over our history . 
  and how far back do you have to go to count it as immigration ? 
  as for foreign born population , i 'm afraid america is 13th behind 8 european countries , canada , israel , australia and new zealand , and at a very similar level to several others . 
  canada is n't just extremely diverse because loads of them speak french . 
  and that was before the whole refugee crisis which has drastically increased the numbers for several countries in europe . 
  i just do n't understand how america claims any kind of uniqueness in it 's cultural assimilation , as if all foreign born people live in tiny communities and only talk to their own kind when they come to live in europe . 
  i feel like it must come from how the country was formed setting that idea in place , and a lack of knowledge about other countries . 
  plus being told it 's true from a young age . 
  the us is n't the most ethnically diverse nation in the western world . 
  switzerland , spain , canada and belgium are all more ethnically diverse according to fearon 's analysis which is the most accepted . 
  although it 's pretty difficult to properly define ethnic diversity . 
  and in the article you linked , it states ;  the study , which examines 34 countries [ ... ] in the overall score , the us trails -- by a small margin -- only ** four scandinavian countries ** , australia , new zealand and canada . 
  you are 8th for social cohesion in the western world behind 4 european countries , and 5th in the western world for ethnic diversity behind 3 european countries , so you ca n't claim to be better at either . 
  the problems with racial tensions , ghettoisation , insitutionalised racism , home grown terrorism , far right extremism and hate crimes seem to be a much bigger issue in america than pretty much anywhere in europe , particularly western and northern europe , although that is obviously potentially distorted by the media , it 's hard to ignore . 
  in saying that , the uk at the moment is certainly no shining beacon of social cohesion so i wo n't be claiming anything for us . 
  edit : after i made my comment his was changed from `` cultural harmony '' to `` cultural assimilation '' and there was some more added and taken away , just for clarification . 
  and after reading the add on about nationalism , i 'd like to add that 's really not seen as a good thing in europe . 
  if you have like 20 or 30 people you might be able to make an educated guess based on things like clothing , average skin colour , hair colour , if they 're all giants they 're probably dutch , or if they 're really stereotypical of their area maybe if they 're on their own , but generally you ca n't be confident telling where someone is from just by looking at them . 
  you 'd probably find it 's more accurate than random guessing but not accurate enough to be particularly confident . 
  i 've only visited amsterdam but this is all great advice this guy 's given you . 
  wandering around and just experiencing it was the best part of amsterdam , no question . 
  the best landmark/attraction that i saw was the rijksmuseum even though i had a massive coughing fit at the end as i was ill and had to leave . 
  a canal boat tour is great as well and gives your feet a rest if you 've been walking all day , have back problems or you 're ill like i was and struggling . 
  you should check the line for anne frank 's house though , i went in october and i only had to wait half an hour at about 2pm without having prebooked tickets and it was a great experience . 
  also dutch people find this a bit weird in my experience , but i found it great just walking around the red light district at night . 
  we really have nothing like it in most places so it 's interesting , my girlfriend actually demanded it so if your wife is cool with wandering through streets of prostitutes and sex shops , do it . 
  i think most sensible people would have no problem with cctv . 
  it 's bizarre to me that anyone thinks it 's an issue . 
  i can understand the issues people have with online surveillance but we 're not exactly unique there . 
  not where i 'm from , at least not my generation . 
  my grandad used to watch westerns a lot so i had a decent exposure to the cowboy as a kid and that thought never crossed my mind . 
  we do n't generally have a stereotype of americans that fits one thing . 
  like i 've heard lots of americans say we assume they 're all cowboys , or hicks , or we only imagine new yorkers , texans and californians , but that 's not true at all . 
  in my experience we tend to just think of a very generic american before anything else . 
  someone with the `` tv accent '' for example , but we realise there 's a huge difference in types of person there as there is everywhere , just as anyone who stereotypes british people as james bond is an idiot . 
  that said , the most stereotypical things when simpletons think of the average american is fat insular idiots who like guns and are extremely loud , maybe some racism chucked in there too . 
  i assume the equivalent here is a-levels , which is what you take just before going to university , in which case i took law , biology , maths and general studies . 
  3rd year student , i live with my girlfriend in a large 2 bed apartment in the city centre of a mid sized city , ~ 500k population . 
  i pay # 312.50 a month and it includes all bills but internet and electricity . 
  i could n't have even told you at the time mate . 
  it was about a year ago so i really do n't remember the street name . 
  works most places , still did n't make me like london . 
  fight me cockneys . 
  i saw a couple of dutch people on bikes shout at tourists and get angry at them for walking on the bike lane . 
  they were n't on the fucking bike lane , the bikes were in the wrong place . 
  obviously it was a lot more common to see cyclists shout at tourists when they actually were on the bike lane , but i wonder if it 's common for them to shout in that circumstance to either hide embarrassment or just to make tourists feel bad . 
  or those guys might have just been twats , i do n't know . 
  my favourite thing to do on holiday is take at least a day or two to just wander around with no specific aims . 
  maybe one place in the morning , one place in the afternoon to have a purpose so you do n't wander too far , but the rest of the time just walk and look at stuff . 
  find so many cool places , see the architecture properly , see a lot more of the place without tourists everywhere , it feels briefly so much more like living there rather than being on holiday there , and like you 're experiencing the place properly . 
  except big dunc . 
  two burglars tried to get his shit , when he found them he was naked , one ran away and he beat the living shit out of the other who was hospitalised for 2 days then sent to prison for 4 years . 
  do n't fuck with 6 ' 4 '' glawsegian psychopathic athletes . 
  aye this guy knew one indian family and they were the only non white people he knew , they just happened to be the family that owned the town 's indian restaurant . 
  definitely rural . 
  just north of swindon rather than bristol in the country somewhere , and he 's not exactly a traveller . 
  i know bristol is close and i do n't know when he went there first , but the furthest north he 'd been before he came to visit me in liverpool at 18 was the cotswolds i believe so that should give you a clue about how much he got around . 
  my friend who lives in the south west of england did n't see a black person until he was about 15 . 
  that sounds so bizarre to me . 
  just this week i assume yeah ? 
  otherwise you must not be including all of the women in your male relatives ' harems , surely . 
  friendlier than southern england maybe . 
  just like how scottish people do n't like britain and england being conflated , we do n't like london and england being conflated . 
  i 'm not actually sure , i looked into it once and did n't feel confident i 'd get anything worth it after hearing other people 's horror stories trying to get it sorted , but my cousin 's new girlfriend has a similar problem and has a full disability card so i might look into it again . 
  cheers . 
  for now i 've just ordered a medipen so i 'm hoping that will help enough for it to not be a major issue but that might be wishful thinking . 
  our coffee is n't very good , but it 's just a naming thing rather than what kinds of coffee we have .
