    https://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/mar/17/iraq.politics2 sounds like aznar , fuck them both, 
  did like nobody see the / s tag ? 
  god damn it do n't be so butthurt, 
  same , was convinced it was ours . 
  bloody gabachos , stealing things we did n't actually do but thought to have !, 
  + weird tentacle shit + random robot-vehicles + whatever you can imagine really, 
  was born in 2001 , enjoyed the shit out of them , know the sotry of every one by heart . 
  not limited to those decades fortunately , 
  holy shit never realized that as a kid and now i 'm laughing my ass off !, 
  time for a re-read !, 
  mortadelo y filem\u00f3n ? 
  in finland ? 
  wow , til , that 's great, 
  the joke went right above your head , he was saying you chileans do n't talk spanish but a language of your own . 
  still love you tho < 3, 
  how is bear not in glorious rossiya ? 
  well sorry , anyway my point still is there  i guess they could n't come up with any monument in spain as symbolic as the mayan piramids , so they went with it, 
  well sorry , anyway my point still is there  i guess they could n't come up with any monument in spain as symbolic as the mayan piramids , so they went with it, 
  good luck , it 'll open a bit more of the world to you !, 
  but it 's always nice to know how to read it , specially if it allows you to read your own language when written differently ( aka serbian texts in cyrillic ) . 
  i 'd certainly go for it , i learned how to read cyrillic on my own being a spaniard just for shits and giggles . 
  you never know when you can make use of a skill so easy to pick up, 
  the things you fuckers do to not say yugoslavia ... 
  same , the closest i 've seen is the aztec piramid they have in duolingo to represent the spanish language, 
  hope you end up doing something great like the 15m protests in spain , best of luck romanian brothers and sisters !, 
  also you 'd think that we 'd be interested in corruption related stuff , seeing as we have a ton of that here too . 
  more so if it 's an european ally , even more so if it 's the country of origin of one of our largest immigrant communities ... 
   in a democracy the street does n't decide !, 
  well , that guy has a weird definition of a democracy then, 
  make sense , as argentum means silver in latin too , and both are descended from a common ancestor and where close together, 
  that 's catalan for you . 
  it 's really complicated , there 's a lot of bilingualism in those areas , and some people would only speak castillian ( spanish ) and others speak exclusively or mostly catalan . 
  so , tl ; dr people use both xd, 
  maybe it has to do with the influence arab merchants had in the area ? 
  i 've been told that 's why there are muslims in indonesia , and it would only make sense that `` money '' would be a word adopted from the language of the people you traded with, 
  to be fair in spanish you can also say `` plata '' ( our word for silver/argent ) and there 's the word `` moneda '' , a coin, 
  secret ? 
  i know half of the lyrics of the `` cara al sol '' just out of hearing it sung, 
  sounds franco-y, 
  did n't that event and the little ice age inspire george r.r. 
  martin for writing asoiaf ? 
  surely it 's not that much !, 
  youth is a state of mind, 
  spain over here is very sad , we could form a sort of club of mediterranean countries with italy and you guys : ' c, 
  yeah that 's poetry or in this case songwriting for you, 
  we do n't mind tbh , norwegians are very cool, 
  was n't it because they did n't know when exactly he was born ? 
  i expected to be from like the leviticus or something but no , new testament . 
  good job , christians !, 
  yeah , but it 's not the same anyway , i 'd like our national day to be something else , other than the day we started the conquest of the americas, 
  wow that 's very cool of you , having your national day be because of a poet instead of you know ... war and conquest, 
  ' i love 'em from behind ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ', 
  naah mate you did n't offend anyone but it 's generally good netiquette to post a quote and let other people continue . 
  i was in fact referencing monty python , 
  what did the romans give us ? 
  you can thank heavy catholicism for that, 
  are you the messiah ? 
  what you says makes sense , here in spain i know about some little sects of christianity that allow and conduct homosexual marriages , but no one sould be forced to do that , specially seeing as the church is so opposed to it, 
  wait what the hell is that map ? 
  / r/dataisugly love your nickname btw , el psy congroo !, 
  around 70 % catholic yeah , at least nominally . 
  it does n't really get in the way of this specific issue, 
  the uk is * clearly * european by all definitions of the word , like it or not , eu \u2260 europe , and australia is a case of its own , a country with heavy ties to europe and a huge eurovision fanbase , so they were allowed in . 
  i do n't see a problem there, 
  was n't that sweden ? 
  now i need a portuguese popeye that gets his strength from bacalao, 
  portugal kills them with kindness, 
   spain was atrocious . 
  borderline warcrime . 
  we think the same , do n't worry . 
  down here we were rooting for portugal and hoping we 'd get 0 points , we never learn, 
  why even consider spoilers the fucking winner of a contest anyway ? 
  if you did n't watch it live you are n't going to , and if you are you should n't expect to keep the surprise lol, 
  what is that `` too big for eurovision '' thing ? 
  i mean , if you have better/more popular artists than the other countries you are winning on your own merits , no reason to send mediocre ones . 
  maybe if you started doing it other countries would follow suit and send actually big artists , probably improving the quality of the contest as a whole, 
  yess please your traditional music is so cool and would be the highlight of the contest if you dent in something of that fashion . 
  do n't know what you 're waiting for , 
  well neither does < generic europop song sung in english  represent any european country . 
  i thought hungary 's was pretty cool actually , and unique too, 
  the new volkswagen bolton , top notch ~ ~ german ~ ~ northerner engineering !, 
  the caucasus countries are often considered part of europe , and we 've had russia there for a long time anyway so why not those ? 
  as for israel , they have lots of ties with europe through immigration , culturally as well and all of that , and nobody in the me likes them so we kind of adopted them for eurovision and some other european organizations like scientific reasearch stuff, 
  yeah but that does n't really mean anything , many countries with absolutely negligible portuguese populations gave their 12 points to them . 
  they were just good this time, 
  wait until the same thing that happened to spain happens to you ... we were good at every fucking sport god damn it, 
  we could try and reduce the tactil voting as much as we can , and a system that achieves that would be the less dumb of them, 
  well , that 's a bit less annoying than trying to communicate at all with chileans, 
   * edit - those strange catholic countries might take things a little more seriously though * . 
  at least here in spain nobody really gives a fuck about patron saints , unless as you said they give you a day off or if they have a popular cultural tradition associated with them , like st george 's in catalonia or st isidro 's in madrid , and even then the saint is n't the main focus of the day , or is n't payed any attention at all . 
  i think you are talking about lisa la mona por leonardo de la victoria, 
  welp now i know what that weird ( to child me ) hunting scenes my grandparents had hung in the walls come from . 
  really cool stuff, 
  i guess so ? 
  the hour change franco made to have the same time as germany is to blame for our weird schedules , i hear prior to that we just had regular ones, 
  oh , but i just could n't make sense of your post because all the fast food restaurants in my area that serve breakfast open at like 7 or 8 am lol maybe it was in kfc , where it kinda makes sense, 
  oh you swiss an your obsession with being in time for everything , just got ta chill !, 
  / s yeah that 's annoying to be honest , very unproffesional of him , but oh well , what can you do about it, 
  yeah !, 
  late eating best eating man , just do it the southern european way - i 'm cooking lunch right now by the way xd,
