  not sure about how to say `` molde '' in english , but mold means moho xd, 
  spain is n't really racist at all , you 'll find some jerks like everywhere else but most people are very used to black/people from other races . 
  you know , we 've had tons of immigration from arab countries and subsaharan countries as well through morocco , we have a sizeable muslim population ( around 5 % ) , and we also have a ton of asian people , mainly in the cities , so the average spaniard will not find non-white people new . 
  the biggest cities ( madrid and barcelona spceially ) and around universities are obviously the best places , as people are generally more progressive/are more likely to be familiar with foreigners , but all in all , spain is a cool place for black people and people from all ethnicities , 
  fantastic , it 's sad you first came here during the dictatorship , even if you do n't remember : / it 's all really cool , \u00a1 buena suerte aprendiendo espa\u00f1ol !, 
  fantastic , it 's sad you first came here during the dictatorship , even if you do n't remember : / it 's all really cool , \u00a1 buena suerte aprendiendo espa\u00f1ol !, 
  hey that 's lovely !, 
  how did you get interested in spain , holidays here ? 
  i 'd be all for a bycicle union to be honest , sounds great . 
  give us southerners some of that good stuff, 
  well , just look at my flair over at / r/europe , the republican tricolor . 
  i hope it is , 
  naaah i think the portuguese would be mostly cool , particularly if we do n't hold most of the power in the union , which would be unlikely with you italians around , so that 's covered . 
  the irish are a problem of their own tho , might want to put our own prohibiton in place to help with that ... or just export iberian wines and irish guiness, 
  yeeah together with the greeks we 'd dominate the culinary scene . 
  portugal can bring their bacalao too , i guess, 
  hey , but we have the best ham down here , so our pigs are the best . 
  i , for one , approve of the new union of the pigs republics, 
  portugal all the way , they 're our weird little brother who ca n't speak properly but we still get them . 
  plus , they 've got towels , and together we 'd be the best at football like ever, 
  mediterranean countries unite ? 
  i 'd be down for a pigs union even, 
  love you too < 3, 
  that is simply glorious , thanks for sharing, 
  let 's try ... co\u00f1o  cunt  used in a fuckton of contexts , as an interjection of surprise , pain or just randomly combined with things tu turn them obscene ( kinda like fuck in english , i.e. 
  would be `` what the fuck is this ? '', 
  cojones  balls  pretty similar to co\u00f1o , can be used in almost all of the same contexts . 
  it has specific phrases like `` c\u00f3meme / ch\u00fapame los cojones '' , which would be `` suck my balls '' and is used to show disrespect , rage or disinterest , it 's probably akin to `` go fuck yourself '' polla  dick  it 's got tons of connotations and synonims , `` suck my balls '' can also be said as `` c\u00f3meme la polla '' , it does n't lose its figurative meaning . 
  we have some fun expresions like `` esto es la polla '' ( `` this is the dick '' ) , a profane version of `` esto es la leche '' ( leche = milk ) , which makes as little or less sense in english than to be a dick . 
  both mean that something is really great , unlike in english where being a dick is n't positive at all . 
  you can be crrative with polla , for example comepollas/chupapollas would be cocksucker , and so on puta  bitch/whore  this is probably one of the most common swearwords around the world , it 's main usage is `` tu puta madre '' ( your whore mother , aka your mother is a whore ) , but it can be much more . 
  also added to things just to intensify their meaning/turn them profane , like co\u00f1o and fuck in english ; i.e. 
  `` puto profesor '' , `` puta vida '' or basically whatever thing you dislike and want to curse at . 
  combined with hostia , another swearword , it has actually a positive meaning , intesnifyong hostia 's original postive connotations . 
  `` tu puta madre '' has some fun variations , too . 
  cagar ( se )  to shit ( on someone )  my favorite usage of it being `` me cago en todo tu \u00e1rbol geneal\u00f3gico '' , derived from `` me cago en tu puta madre '' and then `` me cago en tus muertos '' , it has all kinds of fun meanings . 
  it shows utter disrespect and is regarded as highly offensive , specially when the shitting is done on one of your family members , even worse if they 're deceased . 
  you can also shit on god , a blasphemy which i personally use a lot , shit on christ , on the virgin or even on all the saints . 
  you can mix and match between those too , i often add the holy ghost for extra fun  hostia [ ( con ) sagrada ) ]  sacred host , the mass ' bread  it has some weird uses as well , for some reason it gained the meaning of a strong blow , so `` te voy a dar una hostia '' means your gon na be punched hard . 
  you can also `` eat '' a hit btw , just ... spanish doing its thing . 
  if something is `` la hostia '' it is really great , even though it 's still a profane way to say it , i explained this under `` puta '' cabr\u00f3n  ram  it comes from the satanic association with goats , it just means someone who is a dick or an asshole , which would be their closest equivalents in english . 
  a cunt could work too , as it 's also used in a friendly context with someone you really trust . 
  can be mangnified in the shape of `` cabronazo '' gilipollas  one of polla 's creative usages , gili just means dumb or idiot , but combined with pollas it turns into one of the most used spanish swearwords . 
  just used to denote someone 's stupidity or in cases just to insult them , for exam\u00f1le when you do n't like them and you just want to say something bad about them . 
  gilipollas has also adopted the meaning of someone with behaviors you do n't like/consider incorrect , and it can also even be used to talk for yourself , in a kind of self depricating manner . 
  i forgot my keys at home , soy gilipollas . 
  anyway , those are the insults i got off the top of my head as the most common , this is only in spain , as every spanish-speaking country has their own slang and of course insults . 
  it 's fun mixing foreign insults into your vocabulary , some of the most known ones could be mexico 's pinche ( cunt , idiot ) or argentina 's boludo/pelotudo ( to have a lot of balls but in the bad sense ) . 
  btw my favorite one in the spanish language is `` reba\u00f1acondones '' , reba\u00f1ar means when you 're already done with your meal and you try to leave the dish clean by eating all of the little rests attached to it and whatnot , so reba\u00f1acondones implies you 're so much of a cum lover you go around finding used condoms to reba\u00f1ar on . 
  just pure spanish perfection . 
   amigo , armada , aficionado , chocolate/cocoa ( these are aztec actually but you got it through spanish :p ) , conquistador , desperado , el dorado , fiesta , guerrilla , jalape\u00f1o , jade , iguana , loco , lolita , latino , macho , mesa ( as in plateau ) , mojito , mosquito , nacho ( actually comes from a name , pretty cool stuff . 
  nacho is the diminutive for the name ignacio ) , potato , renegade , siesta , suave , tequila , tuna i made this list of spanish loanwords , mainly from my knowledge of english , but i guess the most universal ones are chocolate , patata , tequila , guerrilla , siesta , fiesta , nacho , latino , mosquito and maybe lolita ( the novel 's influence and stuff , lolis and lolicons are definitely a thing ), 
  nah not even a correction , your comment just caught my eye and i thought you may be able to learn something from me . 
  i actually though with `` spanish '' you were talking about the language and not the country , but hey , might as well give you that bit if info , 
  just a quick comment , mana is a mexican band and shakira is colombian , fyi , 
  never knew this in my life , til xd, 
  antiquity , specially ancient greece and the middle east china 's top age ( about which i know very little in comparison to what i feel we should , because it 's kinda been the dominant nation on earth for centuries on end ) the colonial era , the world was so connected in so many wrong ways , but there still was mixing of cultures and all of those good things i like  aand as for my country 's own history i love me some war of indepence and 1812 's constitution history , the `` sexenio democr\u00e1tico '' and the second spanish republic . 
  i do n't particularly enjoy the time when we were top dog , really, 
  domingo de ramos ( basically palm sunday lunes-s\u00e1bado santo ( holy monday , tuesday , etc ) domingo de resurreci\u00f3n / pascua ( resurrection/easter sunday ), 
  well true that , for me it 's normal to have it in the bathroom xd, 
   no offense , but damn , why do so many people have their washingmachines in the bathroom ? 
  it 's dirty clothes and shit in the same place , that 's disgusting lol they 're just different ways of going about it , 
  kitchen here in spain . 
  in between the oven and the dishwasher , we hang the clothes on a rope hung in front of the kitchen 's window . 
  it 's a small apartment, 
  it all has already been kinda explained but just a little thing : the french have n't been the first to see their political system fall apart , it 's already happened in greece ( the old right-wing party and left-wing party have fallen into oblivion ) and to some extent in spain ( the right wing traditional party is still going strong , but the left wing one is pretty much fucked ; the new left almost got more representatives than them last election and they are going downhill and do n't seem to have a chance to recover unless a miracle happens ), 
  wine ( ribera del duero , rioja ) ; sidrs ( apple liquor ) and sangr\u00eda are the most typical spanish alcoholic beverages i think . 
  also orujo, 
  utter shit . 
  nothing new under the spanish sun it seems https://youtu.be/sws45hbhzts, 
  could n't we idk calculate the price of the materiales they were made out of at least ? 
  [ this shit ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/offal ) look at the southern european section . 
  specially criadillas, 
  it 's rumored that she 'll retire but not confirmed yet , and errejon 's thing was part of a secret negotiation made in order for him to support his rival inside the party , pablo iglesias . 
  one of the things they offered to him was becoming the next mayor of madrid ( or more accurately , ahora madrid 's candidate ), 
  madrid here , so no peripheral nationalism for me . 
  i heavily dislike nationalism of any kind anyway . 
  psoe is going to hell right now , too corrupt , too establishment and just do n't appeal to me . 
  also they just pretty much copied and then watered down podemos ' program , plus i never saw pedro sanchez 's charisma , always found him bland and a bit dumb . 
  susana diaz is unbearable , too centrist and connected to corruption , and patxi lopez ... he may be voteable ? 
  he wo n't win the primaries anyway , let alone get any votes in the general election ( if psoe does n't crash horribly in the next election ( s ) i ` llbe seriously surprised ) and c 's , as you said , is too right wing for me . 
  do n't like ultraliberalism nor people who refuse to condemn franco 's evils because `` we ca n't open those wounds again '' when they were never closed in the first place . 
  oh i forgot to mention it in the first post , my vote in the next municipal election will go for carmena , love that woman ( my father will sadly stop voting for her next time , but i convinced him with blood and sweat to do so in the last election ), 
  ... i do n't know . 
  i used to like podemos and izquierda unida , but slowly stopped liking podemos because they are just talking shit all day and plotting to get more power and generally getting nothing done , even if we are pretty fuckin ' close ideologically , and moved on to iu , even if they are a bit more radical . 
  then they fell for the stupid twitter ideology , turned into a party of radical feminists and i just had to leave . 
  then they also sold out to podemos , i recovered a little of faith in that coalition but it just could n't be as good as i wanted to and now i 'm stuck here liking no one on the political scene . 
  probably will abstain in the next election ( s ) . 
  if we had a pirate party i 'd vote the fuck out of them tho edit : i 'm from madrid , and in the municipal elections i voted for manuela carmena , our current major , who ran with podemos & co but is n't actually a part of the party and has very left leaning views but is still reasonable . 
  like that gal , but she might be a bit too old for politics, 
  wish i could do that , switzerland 's system is so fucking great ... 
  care to explain ? 
  it 's an interesting choice , more so for a swede, 
  yeah obviously , in aravaca there is also avenida de europa and all the surrounding streets have european countries ' names, 
  true , i forgot about palomo cojo , but we 're still nowhere near the english, 
  i was comparing cds to c 's in my mind , due to then being a smaller center-right wing party that supports the bigger one , but yeah , there 's a difference . 
   and of course no regional issues , which are a big deal in spain . 
  i 'm jealous of that : ' c, 
  but but portugal i wanted something serious , without opression or stealing cities in africa  : c, 
    what 's a belgium ?
