  i mean , mcdonalds opens super early everywhere , but i never even mentioned them in my post lol . 
  maybe you replied to the wrong one ? 
  always loved you guys , i 'm sure it 's a mediterranean thing and we probably owe that to you, 
  nobody wants to , southern european schedules are great !, 
  for real ? 
  i 've always heard we eat very late in spain , and the times i 've been out of the country having lunch between 12-13 was the norm and for dinner it was like 19:30 -20:30, 
  probably the weird schedules , it 's not uncommon to have lunch at 3 p.m. or dinner between 9 and 10 . 
  we are weird man \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  the 30s were a nice period for advancement , but you know , depression , populisms , fucking world war ii ... i wish those things never happened , we would 've saved ourselves a ton of trouble, 
  even if it was a convoluted time in our history , during the republic incredible social advancements , like allowing women to vote ( even before britain did , mind you ) , finally separating the church and the state , passing the most progressive constitution in our history or aza\u00f1a 's attempt to fix the fuck-up that was the `` problema de la tierra '' were made , and our ` silver age ' of art and specially literature took place during that time . 
  times were hard , but that does n't mean we did n't thrive culturally and socially, 
  the hunting and that kinda shit is just a very superficial part of why the monarchy should leave , and as other guys explained , the good he did in the 70s was mainly for his own benefit ( aka remaining as head of state and getting a shitton of influence to get rich as fuck ) ; the main point here is actually one of rightfulness , i do n't care what republicans did in the past , as i wo n't blame monarchists for the crimes of earlier monarchists in the wars that have been fought for that reason or even the more important crimes the borbon family has commited while being in power , and i do n't care what other republicans did because that does not revoke our arguments at all , and i obviously wo n't defend the horrible shit that happened during the war on any of the sides . 
  point being , a monarchy is a retarded idea , juan carlos did some good stuff but his moment ( the transition ) has long been over and neither him , his son or his grandaughter have any right to be in a crucial position any spaniard should be allowed to hold and run for democratically just because they have the blood of felipe de anjou running through their veins, 
  of course , basque nationalist priests murdered do n't count like the spanish nationalist ones the filthy commies killed in the war !, 
  exactly that , you illustrated my point better than i did . 
  apart from being a cheater , which is all the rage for s\u00e1lvame and the `` pink press '' , juan carlos was most definitely a corrupt piece of shit , and his whole family must 've been involved in it . 
  felipe may not be as bad as him , but at the very least he 's covering his father up , and he has no right to be the head of state anyways, 
  this is actually a very important topic in spanish politics , or at least has been . 
  as you can tell from my flair i 'm for a republic , mainly because it 's so anachronistic to have a family have that kind of privilege ( they get paid a lot for doing the shit they do , remember , and they 're assured the job from the very moment they 're born just for being born into a certain family ) . 
  while i agree that things are n't really bad with the current king and whatnot , it 's just a subject of ideas and symbolism for me ; if we have our head of state be above every other citizen for completely arbitrary reasons what kind of justice are we enforcing ? 
  plus , both republics , specially the second one , have left a great legacy of cultural and political advancement , they 're one of the few times in my country 's history since the time of charles v i can actually feel proud about . 
  yeah , towards the end of it the second republic became a bit involved with stalinism and whatnot , but that 's just the war for ya . 
  aand let 's not forget , our royal family is obviously corrupt as fuck , as are most institutions here anyway , remember juan carlos i , the former king , had to abdicate because he was really damaging the crown 's image , and we just replaced the whoring , corrupt , unapologetically rich fucker with his ( admittedly better ) son . 
  why ? 
  why not a competent new guy , like all other modern countries do ? 
  and let 's not forget that the borbons are in the throne right now because it was the will of fucking franco that don juan , the grandfather of felipe vi , inherited his power when he died ( franco had no children ) . 
  yeah francisco franco , hitler and mussolinni 's buddy , the fascist motherfucker who stopped the best period of cultural and societal advancemente for spain in a long time and hijacked the country for ~ 40 years . 
  that guy . 
  tl ; dr fuck the monarchy , they do shady shit behind the stage , it 's an anachronistic , stupid institution and they 're the literal succesors of franco, 
  huh i was talking about `` oncle '' in my comment , but that 's interesting to know , thanks !, 
  yeah , it 's even the most prominent one i 'd say xd, 
  as for the second part ( maybe you should make another post for it to be more visible , edit the title or sth ) i 'd go with saying that `` mola '' , `` est\u00e1 guapo/es una guapada '' or `` est\u00e1 flamo '' ( teen slang rn ), 
  yeah , as for the catalan question , it means uncle as well . 
  idk where it comes from in either of the languages but yeah , it does . 
  plus , young people these days ( think 15-16 year olds ) say `` bro '' just like in english , american cultural influence and all of that . 
  you could add `` tronco '' and `` macho '' as well , although those are a bit ... dated i 'd say, 
  idk , i was pretty sure it was everywhere or at least in the process being implemented everywhere . 
  i 'm in madrid tho , maybe it 's just something that 's only happening here, 
  no , and that 's the whole point : the generation that 's 14 now ( and younger ) are going to be expected to have that level , to fix our bad english problem . 
  most probably wo n't quite get there , but i think there 'll definitely be an improvement ; right now only the best last year of highschool students have a b2 level , and that 's a bit sad, 
  yes , very much so . 
  in spain kids start learning english from around age 3 , and nowadays they 're even more focused on it , pushing them to have a b1 level by the time they 're 12 , a b2 when they 're 16 and a c1 at 18 years old ( my little sister 's going through that ) . 
  many also go to academies or hire private english teachers to help with their studies , there 's a ton of native english speakers hanging around the country because there are lots of demand for them to work as teachers and whatnot . 
  i am 16 rn and have 4 hours of english at school , my sister is two years younger and she has 4 hours of english plus 4 hours of history taught in english ( yeah , i 'm not particularly fond of that but whatever ) and a couple of other subjects , i think they were art and technology or sth like that , in english too . 
  the way things are going english is pretty close to becoming a vehicular language for education here in about a decade or two, 
  assumed it then , either way it 's pretty normal that they confused you for one, 
  to be honest , i would like a properly done iberian union , we could be so powerful together ... come join the dark side, 
  you * gabachos * also really like cocks tho , specially sporty ones for some reason, 
  and it 's so huge portuguese is actually the most widely spoken language in south america, 
  yeah , when i was like 4 i was wearing this polo shirt my dad had brought me over from ireland ( had to go there for his job , everytime he returned from somewhere he brought me a present ) with a 4-leafed-clover , plus i 'm very pale and blond and my hair used to look kind of reddish when i was little , specially in the summer . 
  we were walking around when a couple stopped us and after going all `` aww your kid is so cute '' they asked if i could speak spanish . 
  you 're slovenian then , am i right ? 
  to be fair , `` gringo '' is pretty generic for non-spanish speaking white people in sa, 
  spain is so much like that , goya even made a painting about our infighting which is kind of a symbol of this . 
  basically to most spaniards spain is a fucking shithole but we wo n't shut up about the country and our nice stuff when talking to foreigners, 
  they 're unbearably ugly , i had a pair when i was a kid for going to the pool , my mom has one she wears after showering to walk around the house . 
  using them outside is just ... please do n't, 
  found the future sunburnt tourist ( jk ), 
  did n't you ? 
  franco played a big role in this , and in general all the traditionalism that fought with liberal ideologies to be the dominating one through the xix century . 
  it would 've been so easy if we 'd just adopted the consitution in 1812 and became a modern nation ... 
  kind of , it 's a great opportunity to step up our international diplomacy now that daddy sam has some mental trouble and leaves us alone a bit more and i reckon more european unity will come from this period , but i 'm still not happy for the ( reasonable ) americans or the effects that madman can have on the world as a whole ( the paris agreement thing holy fuck that 's what i call being a complete idiot ) . 
  i suppose i 'm seeing the bright side of it a bit , loved it when merkel took the opportunity trump has given us to present ourselves as his opposition to put it that way , supporting the agreement with narendra modi at the same time she 's promoting free trade and whatnot , also contrasting with the donald, 
  kind of , it 's a great opportunity to step up our international diplomacy now that daddy sam has some mental trouble and leaves us alone a bit more and i reckon more european unity will come from this period , but i 'm still not happy for the ( reasonable ) americans or the effects that madman can have on the world as a whole ( the paris agreement thing holy fuck that 's what i call being a complete idiot ) . 
  i suppose i 'm seeing the bright side of it a bit , loved it when merkel took the opportunity trump has given us to present ourselves as his opposition to put it that way , supporting the agreement with narendra modi at the same time she 's promoting free trade and whatnot , also contrasting with the donald, 
  yeah , it 's mad fascinating , shame it was n't preserved well, 
  we famously were the battleground for the punic wars , and were very heavily romanizated . 
  we also had some greek colonies on our eastern coast , such as ampuries , but a very little known part of our ancient history that i find fascinating is tartessos ; that 's the name the greeks gave to what they considered to be the most ancient western civilization , they were based around the guadalquivir river ( tartessos for the greeks , betis for the romans and finally guadalquivir for the arabs and later spaniards ) , and were a highly advanced but not very widely spread civilization around that time ; some say they were the real life inspiration for atlantis , as they were kind of romanticized by the greeks . 
  their staple good was silver , herodotus wrote about king argantonio ( literally man of silver ) , but they also had other mineral goods such as gold , bronze or iron , and strong agriculture and farming . 
  they used to be the main providers of silver and bronze for the whole mediterranean , some saying they even sailed up to england to get the tin they needed to mix with copper and form bronze . 
  they were very influenced by the phoenicians , as shown by them revering gods like astarte , originally phoenician , but they probably were an independent civilization from them . 
  there 's evidence of there being huge buried archelogical sites under do\u00f1ana national park , one of our most iconic ones , and there 's speculation by scholars on this topic that the almost legendary city of tartessos would be buried there , as the guadalquivir river passes right through the park, 
  it 's a bit of an incomplete map with it not tracking female ancestry , as that is huge , it could even be argue that it 's more important to track these kind of things ( unfortunately through raiding and raping ... ) , but it 's amazing nevertheless, 
  did n't i already read this exact conversation a couple of months ago ? 
  is this just a really strong d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu ? 
  central american cultures have many things in common , tho it 's normal to think it 's mexican with it being the biggest and most influential central american culture, 
  yeah maybe op did n't know about its origins , but i think they just have assimilated it completely into their culture , so he considers it a californian thing ( if not in origin ) , too, 
  really interesting , those are all over the world but they have a folk root . 
  makes you think , i think im china they also do many things to scare spirits off in new year 's, 
  wow , this reminds me so much of the pok\u00e9mon phantump . 
  basically a child ` lost ' ( see : dead ) in the forest that posessed a stump and became a protector of the forest, 
  hmm interesting , i think in most of europe november 1st is actually the time when the spirit world is believed to come together with the world of the living, 
  iirc la llorona is central american in origin , but remember california has a shitton of mexican influence and it was even part of the country at one point so yeah , it makes sense they keep some of their folk tales, 
  entered the thread as quick as i could to post about la santa compa\u00f1a , but you totally beat me to it : ' c well at least now they know about it edit : adding a bit to your telling of it , if you get cursed you are at the back of the line , and when someone new is caught the first soul in the line is freed and ascends to heaven . 
  so at best you 'll have to wait for all the souls before you to ascend , if that even happens sometime . 
  you can also get protection against them by simply drawing a circle on the floor around you , if you are inside they 'll be unable to get you . 
  there were some words you could use too , but i ca n't recall them, 
  i think that 's just a myth tho , perpetuated because of nationalistic interest and whatnot . 
  a spanish politician from the late 19th century said `` we need to seal the cid 's grave with seven locks '' because many nationalistic movements kept or have kept until recently bringing up the reconquista , incarnated in el cid . 
  so anyway , i do n't think that burial site is legit, 
  wait was he ? 
  yeah i do n't know about medieval logic either xd, 
  wait what xd never knew that . 
  absolutely thought it was a false friend and there was some othe word for molde , thank you for sharing !, 
  rodrigo d\u00edaz de vivar , el cid campeador , is kind of like king arthur in that he is the main character of our most famous medieval story , el cantar de m\u00edo cid . 
  he was a castillian nobleman who was very popular , but he was exiled from castille by the king for some petty reason , so he went to the east of spain to regain his honor . 
  there he did many heroic things , including his most famous exploit ; retaking valencia from the moors , after which he was forgiven by the king of castille . 
  pretty cool guy all around , a bit mythified by the fascists tho : /, 
  assuming you 're a spaniard , many `` south american '' songs are even interpreted by actual spaniards trying to pass for latinos . 
  such a shame,
