huh , interesting insight into slovak society . 
  the gypsies are a thing here too , so i understand it , and the brain drain is kind of a thing as well , but not to the same extent i 'm guessing, 
  i thought the xenophobic shitholes were poland and hungary , not you guys and lithuania !, 
  what went wrong ? 
  jesus what 's going on in czechoslovakia ? 
  vilna is actually the name of the city in spanish , too !, 
  did somebody say huriya ? 
  haha it got linked somewhere in the thread , gave me a chuckle even if i disagree with that idea . 
  it 's obviously said in jest anyway, 
  username checks out, 
  yeah , except that rick and morty image is a meme about kosovo not being a country lol, 
  apparently the president 's daughter is half sunni and half shia so she 'd be ... sushi . 
  just a pun, 
  yeah the fuck is up with that ? 
  holy fuck that dude has balls of steel, 
  my czech is actually serbian , thanks for asking, 
  the fuck is a mirinda ? 
  why do you have a czech ? 
  we have a border with morocco and a huge immigrant community . 
  part of it used to be a comony of ours , too . 
  i think we could have more information/news about morocco and less about say fucking us domestic policy, 
  makes sense , hungary fits the bill with the weird-ass language and of course the shape , plus they have some hot water springs ... there must be a volcano somewhere in there, 
  [ in case some other idiot does n't get it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/himmelbjerget ), 
  put that flag up anywhere and grab some popcorn lol , i do n't think there are many carlists left in the country, 
  it 's not great to use an ultracatholic , far-right symbol ( carlists supported franco back in the day and whatnot , they were extreme conservatives anyway but that makes matters worse ) to represent a whole country , specially one which has had such a. . . turbulent history regarding those matters, 
  even worse than the actual bourbons , and you have to try hard to get to that point, 
   poland the winged hussars arrived, 
  i mean , they 're big enough to pull that off , and if it 's their choice as a collective entity to not bother with english then you can do nothing about it . 
  it 's a western thing to use english for communicating on the internet anyway , so yeah . 
  i 'd also like it if they were more open though , would like to interact with some chinese people, 
  i do n't think it 's very cool of you to say the war that resulted in 40 + years of fascist repression is meaningless, 
  to be fair i 'm not sure at all , figured there were many without putting any thought into it , you must be right, 
  i 'm pretty sure most of them do , unless they 're centralized republics . 
  federalism or semi-federalism in my country 's case does that for you, 
  now i 'm curious , where are you from ? 
  it 's pretty common knowledge that russia is an enemy/rival of the eu , and their transcontinentality is , too . 
  not trying to come across as rude or anything but at first i considered you may have been joking, 
  huh , interesting, 
  what ? 
  they 're partially in asia , but the core of the country is in europe , and they 're not part of the eu by any means, 
  you could also post like another 17 or 19 for spain, 
  those look tiny , how many people are there in each of them ? 
  would you mind speaking in english ? 
  it 'd be very considerate of you / s, 
  that new designs looks fantastic , also reminds me of germany 's bundestag, 
  ass to vag, 
  having their parliaments colored after their national flags like hungaria and turkey do is a very cool idea !, 
  i really dig the slovenian national assembly 's circular design, 
  russia 's federation council is amazing , looks very modern, 
  the austrian federal council looks very rad, 
  theresa may would be proud of you, 
  i tried to not include kings/queens as much as i could ( which was n't very difficult lol ) . 
  and isabella did nothing special , she does n't deserve the credit she gets for allowing colombus to sail westwards nor i think conquering granada ( the reconquista had been going on for hundreds of years , an granada already was loyal to castille ) and kick muslims and jews out of the peninsula was great , either . 
  as for pizarro , or any other conquistador , just no . 
  they brutally conquered entire peoples and enslaved them , pillaged on their resources and just were terrible fucking people . 
  in fact pizarro was murdered by another conquistador because he was governing peru too `` dictatorishly '', 
  no way . 
  a mitified medieval knight from old legends ? 
  better than a fucking nobel medicine prize winner ? 
  are you nuts ? 
  at least we would 've gotten liberated way earlier . 
  look at what 25 extra years of isolationism did to our economy . 
  we would 've been much better off if we underwent a liberation process like germany and italy did, 
  in freedom ? 
  as in not putting people into jail for their beliefs and opinions ? 
  yo , do you know what would 've been great for spain ? 
  not having a war !, 
  remaining a western democratic republic , just like france . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  spain is post-franco and pretty much `` free '' also the `` different groups fighting for power and getting nowhere '' pretty much sums up recent spanish politics ( ? 
  that infighting , combined with the allies ' inaction and the fascist states support of franco , was what made the republicans loose the war lol, 
  as ekray told you , things are still pretty bitter in spain , mostly because we still allow stuff like the biggest political party not condemning the dictatorship to this day ( maybe that party being created back in the 70s by 7 francoist ministers has something to do with that ) , we are number 2 in missing bodies from people who died in the war/were executed when it ended ( cambodia is number 1 because of landmines and stuff ) , today a mass was celebrated in honor of francisco franco , and hell , we have n't elected our head of state for 79 years !, 
  we still have a king here , one that is the son of a man which admittedly admired franco , and was his heir because the crazy fuck wanted him to be !, 
  this man is the ex-king and the father of the current one ( who by the way has two older sisters , but sexist inheritance laws and stuff ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6x4kdhsynu, 
  civil wars  europeans treating refugees from these wars badly  fucking up really hard ? 
  ( ww3 or sth ), 
  another score for the basque country and your education, 
  i 'm pretty sure i can list more shitty spaniards than actually good ones . 
  ok just kidding , my favorites in no particular order - miguel de cervantes ( the quixote lol ) - severo ochoa ( nobel medicine prize ) - santiago ram\u00f3n y cajal ( discovered neurons were cells , yet another nobel prize ) [ ok we only have those two nobel prize winners lol ( ??? ], 
  - king carlos iii . 
  did a pretty god job modernizing spain after all that civil warring to get a king and that stuff , then we utterly fucked up to this day - adolfo s\u00faarez ( he worked really hard to make spain a democracy after franco 's dictatorship , first democratic president after the second republic ) - manuel aza\u00f1a , a republican leader in the 30s , pretty great guy in my opinion - isaac peral ( invented the fuckin submarine dude ) - f\u00e9lix lope de vega . 
  playwright from the 15th century , to list off some older figures - gustavo adolfo b\u00e9cquer : romanticism poet , also has a pretty nice collection of legends , and i personally like him - jos\u00e9 de espronceda , another romaticism poet , i just like him a ton sad not to have any women on this list , but history has been a huge bitch to them . 
  i hope my grandson does a list like this and includes some amazing women from this time on !, 
  oh , interesting , til, 
  yeah it does . 
  it 's pretty much the # 1 territory irredentists ( aka former francoists ) claim as spanish , and of course it has huge strategic and economical value ( for it 's status as a tax haven ), 
  that 's the joke, 
  can you expand on this ? 
  looool so we were n't so wrong after all , 
  interesting , good for you !, 
  know you are always welcome here with your hispanic siblings , 
  inform me if you want to , i 'm curious now , but i 've heard it is n't really russian, 
  inform me if you want to , i 'm curious now , but i 've heard it is n't actually russian, 
  can confirm , it 's an iberian thing , because here in spain we also call it russian salad ( ensaladilla rusa ) . 
  afaik it has nothing to do with russia xd, 
  wait what are you doing there ? 
  as in , why did you move to hungary and not spain ? 
  not sure if ironic , i 'm scared, 
   he also , around 2003 , decided to make a summit in azores to give is support on the iraq war so that he could kiss george bush ass ( one of the greatest idiots of all time ) . 
  it 's f * cking embarrassing to have portugal name on the list of iraq war supporters due to him .
