  they got you guys with the siesta bug ? 
  disappointed, 
  what did you say to me !, 
  no , no , no , the germans have high standards and enforce them like no other . 
  th vw scandal was just a mistake . 
  a couple of engineers ( that were not even german ) that feard that they were going to loose their job and created software to cheat the tests . 
  vm management and the german high standard authorities were clueless on the whole deal . 
  but now the came hard on the perpertrators and all is good . 
  fear no more low standards frenchie . 
  he did . 
  only committed suicide after 3 months in the mission . 
  the bloke was loving it being there . 
  thank you for bacalhau , but you do to fish in norway is a crime . 
  eat it fresh , salt it or smoke it . 
  but you scandinavians really like half-spoilled fish it seems . 
  the fuck is that ? 
   that 's the english spelling is n't `` cod '' the english one ? 
  he 's speaking of rightful portuguese clay hawaii . 
  those are earth snails . 
  are n't we all ? 
  turkey has productivity issues . 
  a clear statement that you are treading on thin ice . 
  behave !, 
   jam\u00f3n  presunto hahaha , i never heard a joke that good since the king of castille thought that it was a good idea to fight us in aljubarrota . 
  how dare you calling us \u00a1 germa\u00d1y !, 
  it 's germanhy ! , please !, 
  olive oil masterrace, 
  vanadio ? 
  more like vadio , amirite ? 
  mate , the reward is the journey , not the destination . 
  there 's strong political agenda for the incorporation . 
  right after brexit came a lot of spanish political figures talking about . 
  true what you said . 
  but the same point applies . 
  the people in there are not spanish and have no interest in being ruled by spain . 
  one thing is to force a country to follow common ground rules , other is to try to incorporate them . 
  most people in here talk about oliven\u00e7a more as a joke than anything . 
  there 's no strong public movements to get back or anything . 
  it 's simply a non issue . 
  but portugal has the international law on our side in the same manner as you have it for gibraltar . 
  which makes it even more funny as you complain all the time about gibraltar and complain back to us when someone makes a remark regarding oliven\u00e7a . 
  it 's actually is . 
  i state numerous times that galiza should n't be part of portugal in any way and that oliven\u00e7a is spanish because the people living there are spanish . 
  you must have miss those . 
  lol, 
  so the danish and the german will build the turbines and the dutch will build the island . 
  checks out . 
  you must not get the concept of a joke or banter . 
  most of my posts about spain are rather not serious . 
   xenophobic comments me ? 
  throwing xenophobic comments ? 
  i have a feeling that the dutch will be the ones building the island and the rest will be the bank . 
   portugal -  uhhh , japan ( ? ), 
  portuguese were the first westerns to reach japan and that made commercial outposts . 
  this at a time where japan where basically closed to foreign influences ( even other east asian countries ) . 
  there 's plenty of journalist pieces that shown people speaking portuguese as their day-to-day language in oliven\u00e7a . 
  sure they are far from the majority , but let 's not forget that the hardcore `` spanification '' process started with franco 's regime in the 40 's , 50 's and that is not so long ago . 
  that 's simply not true , but no point in arguing with you , as i recognize your username . 
  it should , but the paelhas tried to remove any trace of portuguese culture from there . 
  not sure if i should be triggered about by the lack of portuguese partially spoken in spain ( oliven\u00e7a ) or if i should feel good that the author of this image considered oliven\u00e7a as part of portugal -, 
  german confirmed . 
  [ yes , those 100 englishmen made all the diference against your 31.000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_aljubarrota ), 
  fetch my sword , peasant . 
  half of germany is catholic , tbh . 
  chill . 
  we friends now, 
   no enemies to defend against yes , all your neighbours are friendly . 
  dude , make turkey great again . 
  simple as that . 
  western lies . 
  do n't get fool by propaganda . 
  any evidence that they were n't ? 
  languages or russian dialects ? 
  that 's the question . 
  [ giraldo sem pavor to the rescue !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald_the_fearless ), 
  ready for the taking !? 
  yes , they are . 
  i have a feeling that you are a polonised prussian-pommerian ... 
  sad !, 
  let 's build a new caliphate !, 
  make turkey great again !, 
  three commas !, 
  can you make it rain like that !!, 
  i heard budweiser is belgian now , which means that bud is top 5 beer now . 
  no you did n't !, 
  the absolute madman !, 
   as well as the last war a finnish unit would fight as a part of the imperial army no finnish units participated in wwi ? 
  or they were no exclusive finnish units in the emperial army at that time ? 
  the coal factories are in full swing , it seems . 
  are we in the 400 's ? 
  the croissant was the `` french thing '' . 
  we have the expression `` do porco aproveita-se tudo '' , but not the part of `` hasta los andares '' . 
  ham from hispania is weak and flavourless . 
   also as a weapon in case of emergency [ as seen in this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxenemqlmk0 ) . 
  everyone is polish if you try hard enough !, 
  i did n't order one . 
  i ask the waiter to give the most famous pastry and he brought me a french thing . 
  super weird . 
  like you are so copycats .
