   spain is a sovereign country so are the uk and canada . 
   mind your own business i am . 
  as a citizen of a country that respect human rights , i 'm a believer that every nation has a right to self-determination and independence . 
  it 's up for the catalan people to decide on whether or not to became independent . 
  what 's wrong with a nation wanted to have a recognized decision on either or not they can became an independent country ? 
  madrid should do the same as the uk or canada did . 
  allow a vote and have this issue settled for once . 
   there has been no considerable developments with regards to implementation of the minsk agreement . 
  that 's true . 
  but widening the sanctions will not change this . 
  and we ca n't sanction them forever . 
  we ca n't afford it and antagonizing russia even more is the wrong policy to take . 
  let 's keep the sanction we have now and try to work to political compromise by both sides that can bring peace and re-establish the relations with them . 
   baltics are accepting refugees from south countries and we ca n't solve your economical problems . 
  we implemented austerity measures after the 2008 crisis , we survived but had to cut pensions and wages . 
  how are the poorest eu members supposed to help two or three times wealthier countries anyway ? 
  it 's hard to help someone when you 're not in a good situation yourself . 
  i was n't talking about the baltics alone . 
  you actually are doing something to help the refugee crisis . 
  regarding the debt , i 'm not talking about sending money , but rather to pressure together of other countries to change ez policies that are only certain countries . 
  you are the ones feeling threatened by russia . 
  not us . 
  why should we keep footing the bill for this ? 
  we are sanction russia for 2 years and for the most part , the conflict in eastern ukraine is quiet . 
  russia did n't pursue new territorial gains and quite frankly i do n't think they will . 
  if they do , then new sanctions are required . 
  when it comes to the problems that the south is facing , debt crisis , refugees , etc. , i do n't see the ee doing much to solve those , so calling italy an hypocrite that only cares about money is funny . 
  fado, 
  poland bad catholic country !, 
   and portugal ? 
  we used to have games at our 21:00 ( 22:00 spain ) , but now the latest games are at 20:15 ( 21:15 spain ) . 
  they on the other hand have really late games , but it 's reasonable for them because people leave the job later because of the siesta break . 
  not drunk yet , you mean . 
  the only reasonable solution is to make azores -2 . 
  damn those jamones . 
  and you wanted into nordic , estonia ? 
  other things you can do to make the unification easier is to start worshiping bacalhau , throw away your flavorless chorizos and replaced them with god-gift-to-earth chouri\u00e7os and give oliven\u00e7a back . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  next spain will drop the unnatural '' \u00f1 '' for the glorious `` nh '' . 
  nice to see spain taking the right steps . 
  they down vote because it does n't suit the narrative . 
  tax evasion within eu and especially within ez is one of the major problems . 
  instead of the member states pursuing the fight against tax evasion on a regional level , we got some of the riches states leeching the others . 
  talk about european integration . 
   now you can find school textbooks in the cherokee alphabet for example and those are written in which alphabet ? 
  latin , right . 
  and why is that ? 
  why not use a different one that better reflects the specificity of the language , the diacritics and all of that , because english is written in the latin alphabet . 
  standardization is something that countries can discart , and russia . 
  i was referring to languages , but are saying that indian reservations have a bigger legal wider autonomy than federal states ? 
  you either misinformed about what autonomies the reservations are granted , which are very few or you are failing to see that most russian states are formed on the basis of a presence of numerous ethnic groups and/or historical regions . 
  in the us , the delimitation of states does n't have none of that into consideration . 
   old world western countries are nation states plenty are n't . 
  switzerland , belgium , the uk or spain . 
  and although russia can be classified as old world country , most of eastern russia was colonized in the same fashion as the americas . 
  compared the language rights of both and you see that russia gives more rights than . 
   the more languages you can nominally protect - just do n't be so darn naive to think that russia actually protects its minorities ... just go by the constitution and legal of many russian states and you see that the minority languages are used for official purposes . 
  which history and international law should i learn ? 
  please enlight me . 
  the one in which estonia was part of russian empire or ussr and in which russian was the official language ? 
  or the international law of human rights that states that minorities have the right to self-determination and their culture or language shall be protected ? 
  guess that those laws do not apply to estonia and the russian language has no ties to your country . 
  you also did n't sign the european charter for regional or minority languages . 
  i have a feeling why was that . 
  and it 's the problem with that ? 
  russian is the de facto interethnic language , but in the tartarstan , for example , you can use tartar if it 's your language of choice . 
  do you think that a 40 y/o public servant that has to learn proper written belorussian would not struggle with it until he retires ? 
  that would drop the efficiency and productivity of the whole system for a decade or more , and for what gain ? 
  you ca n't make people use belorussian just because . 
  here you come commenting in every russia related thread . 
  even if the minority languages that you are only concerned about to have an official status ( the finno-ugric ones ) are n't widely recognized in russia , that does n't negate the fact that russia recognizes more languages that most countries , especially the western ones . 
  the us basically do n't recognize native languages . 
  france either so the most part . 
  poland does n't make any effort to protect the german-speaking minorities . 
  and your country does n't grant official status to a whopping 25 % russian speakers . 
  so yes , i 'm for real . 
  better than the us , who do n't recognize or protect any native-american language in the large majority of the states . 
   russia does n't a good relationship with protecting non russian minorities tbh russia is one of the countries that most recognizes and protects minority languages for example . 
   as language predominantly used - in this category multiple answers were not allowed - 55 % of the respondents with belarusian national identity chose russian , 41 % trasianka and 4 % belarusian . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_belarus the majority speaks russian and trasianka ( mixed russian-belorussian ) . 
  most likely most can speak belorussian , even if not fluently , but most likely not to the point to have to use it in every facet of government , which being the sole official language means that it must be used in that way . 
   establish belarussian as only officially recognized language of country that would be like if ireland made gaeilge the only official language . 
  it fills the nationalistic hard-on , but most people simply do not speak the language and it would create an absolute nightmare for public institutions . 
  not fun to take the gold if it is n't taken by force . 
  the trill is in the chase . 
  the problem is that you tend to combine a lot of words instead of creating new ones . 
  look at the german word for pen , for instance . 
  totally unnecessary . 
  and that is a short word . 
   either that or my history teacher held out on me she was trying to protect you . 
  to not let you be too cocky as a child by withholding from you the knowledge of your innate power to ass whoop the jamones . 
  damn straight . 
  and pride !, 
  no doubt it 's representative . 
  but those i mentioned , are essential elements to bring a true tuganess to a photo . 
   if you think you can defeat a country with 5 times more population and 6,5 times higher gdp the trick is to start the fight between 2 : oo pm and 4:00 pm . 
  we catch you lazy bastards always resting . 
  there 's no waves in the thames .
