  lithuanians participated in the military , at the central soviet , represented the ussr at the olympics . 
  did n't had any seat on the un , etc. , etc. 
  if you were n't soviet republics then basically only russia were one i guess . 
  make your revisionist claims all you want . 
  lol . 
  you need to work on your bait game , cuz . 
  and when you `` belonged '' to the russian , polish and swedish empires they ask the people or they send an army and conquered the territority on the battlefield ? 
  just curious to know . 
  you would n't be wrong . 
  revisionism is a dangerous thing , you know . 
  is nazi occupation some sort of different type of occupation ? 
  more than you , most likely . 
   by order of the soviet center we were , however i 'd argue that most latvians did n't perceive latvia as being a soviet republic , or the latvian soviet socialist republic if you are born in riga in 1985 what does your passport say about your place of birth ? 
  right , ussr . 
   that 's why embassies continued to operate in the us and australia yes , because they were on the other side of the conflict on the cold war . 
  to act naive about international politics . 
  i 'm really not following you here , mate . 
  what do you mean !? 
  the death camps were n't located in portugal , mate . 
  what joke ? 
   yes , you are wrong , estonia is independent since 1918 greece is independent since the 5th century bc . 
  it was illegally occupied by both the roman and ottoman empires for many centuries . 
  you can change the narrative whatever you like , but for half a century you were a soviet republic , like it or not . 
  i cant . 
  i do n't understand polish . 
  never heard of it . 
  yeah , i think most sources in cyrillic have it that way , which is where they get all their sources . 
  germoney , gib !!, 
  seems like latvia adopted the concept of africa from the french . 
  saint petersburg ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it would be good if the wealth did n't got stucked to only 0,1 % of the population . 
  [ it 's hard out here for a pi ... 
  priest !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq7_yscolw4 ), 
  yeah , i did . 
  just got lazy and googled `` partij voor '' and copy pasted the first result . 
  `` when morocco is sending their people , they do n't send their best ... '' partij voor de vrijheid leader ^ ^ ^ ^ probably edit : wrong party, 
   lol , why would malacca willingly give a piece of their wealth to the portuguese ? 
  it 's called protection money . 
   # 375 per month jesus ... 
  so we tried to civilize a region and you call us destroyer ? 
  how dare you !!, 
  `` the problem with internet quotes is that you ca n't always depend on their accuracy . '', 
  abraham lincoln, 
  i 'm the one in the shadows . 
  lurking , waiting patiently for the moment that has yet to come . 
  the text does n't touches us . 
  does n't apply to us !, 
  whoa !, 
  whoa !, 
  suck it generic stereotypical fools . 
  you forgot about spotted dick . 
  mate , we do n't sell portuguese food to foreigners . 
  what a preposterous idea . 
  i know . 
  just want to make it clear that nothing in british is good . 
  it 's pauper food that actually defines your cuisine . 
  not the high-end stuff . 
  your food tastes like shit , though . 
  damn straight !, 
  yeah , yeah , join the dark side . 
  nice one , cheeky bastard . 
  estonian confirmed . 
  yo czechs , do you want to make a wine-beer ... huh ... cultural exchange ? 
  the only way they know . 
  you already awaken up !, 
  you got to watch the heart burn with all that food ... 
  forget that . 
  just ask your doctor about prilosec . 
  and you eat a pizza slice instead of a hotdog at baseball parks . 
  can you get more italian than this ? 
  why would n't you be italian ? 
  your great-grandfather was born in sicily before moving to the us at the age of 3 . 
  do n't let people tell you that you are not italian . 
  early autumn chilly breeze, 
  that 's only -35 . 
  finnish people do n't really considered that cold, 
  is this the best one or it 's just your personal favourite ? 
  so besides auschwitz , which other polish death camp you recommend for us to visit ? 
  nah , you do n't want to do that . 
  trust me, 
  and you did n't even tried the new game plus version . 
   therefore ethnic russian youths had worse chances to succeed into universities has n't the same thing that happened to estonians in the ussr times ? 
  maybe if russian was an official language of estonia , as it should , those students could attend courses in the russian language . 
  let the estonification process commence . 
  why ? 
  the more time lorry drivers are in the road less opportunities the terrorists have to snatch their lorries away . 
  basic logic , mate . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams !, 
  how it could not matter !, 
  you should start buying british lorries !!, 
  why do that when you can get regulations to save your life ? 
  they would lose their citizenship if they would n't . 
  and soon the british will lose all these regulations that can save their lifes . 
  \\ #prayforbritain . 
  speak for yourself . 
  what the actual fuck !? 
  i understand wanting to leave the eu , but if the british people choose to pull out of the freaking echr , that 's without a doubt a civilization regression . 
  echr has assured many rights that were n't explicitly assured in prior uk legislation and given the fact that the uk is a common law country , the approval of a new `` bill of rights '' that legislator ca n't redraft and change at the will of the moment is always a difficult thing to do in the british legal tradition . 
  i thought only i order from their site .
