  imagine a conventional ( or a nuclear ) one . 
  plenty of fucked-up people in portugal after the war , similar to the states with vietnam . 
  a lot of ptsd , etc. 
  and this is on a far-away war , where most of civilians ( even the ones residing the colonies - i 'm speaking only of the portuguese communities ) did n't saw the effects of it . 
  it 's easy to send someone to war when you are confy on your bedroom on reddit . 
  people in military issues are always : let 's show them that we mean business , etc , without having a minimal idea of the cost of war and of geopolitical implications , especially when it comes to russia . 
  there 's a reason why europe and the us responded to the ukraine crisis the way they did , and for the most part it 's working . 
  so build up an army . 
  spend all your money in the army if you think russia will challenge the us and invade a nato country . 
  like putin is willing to go to war against the us to recover 3 tiny countries that `` belong '' to their empire . 
  those military exercises are for the world to see . 
  to put pressure , etc. 
  in the same faction as every 5 years north korea is threatening south korea to a war . 
  i assume that many people of other nationalities , that do n't have right of asylum , would come , given how germany wants refugee and all . 
  and that 's fine , just do n't push countries that have nothing to do with this to chip in and start welcoming people that are n't true refugees . 
  not everyone has 5 % unemployment in their country . 
   it 'd get us out of the eu at least hope not . 
  only the uk can be balance to france/germany . 
  the difference is that estonia is a nato country , which means that russia would be challenging the will of the us to protect every country that is a member , like its their ( and everyone else ) obligation . 
  that is what would be at stack there . 
  russia literally confronting the us over their commitment and challenging their power . 
  do you think that is a realistic scenario ? 
  do you think that russia will go all out and directly challenge america to a war , or having them facing the lose of credibility at the world stage . 
  this is not a game , russia is not a evil empire , they know what the consequences are . 
  so does the us . 
  plus you are forgetting that west germany bordered east germany , not russia . 
  there 's a reason why there 's no military base in estonia today . 
  the us would n't never accept to that , in the same way that the russian would put a military base in mexico ( if they were their allies ) . 
  for the same reason . 
  nato is the us , and we all know it . 
  europe does n't have a common voice . 
  the balkans wars prove that and the georgia and ukraine conflicts also . 
  i never advocate for the continent to do nothing . 
  the political and economic sanctions have really hurt russia , so much in fact that they agree upon a cease-fire , than from militaristic view they should have . 
  putin is a dictator , but not a stupid one . 
  ukraine was a careful thought out plan to simply destabilize a country and reaffirm russia power , and more important to get western type of political away from russia . 
  you can not drain a country like he 's doing if the neighbour that you share cultural , linguistics ties with is prospering and not expect that democratic party would grow in your country and ultimate kick you out of power . 
  ukraine , like belarus must remain buffer states . 
  that 's what people fail to understand . 
  they are not going all out and regain the lost territories of the eastern block . 
  moldavia was a conflict after the breakaway of ussr and so was georgia . 
  led by locals backed by russia that what remain separated from the country . 
  mate , if nato and russia went to war because poland is invaded and they are a open conflict between the two armies , this would most likely meant a fucking nuclear war down the line and probably the end of , at least europe and north america as we know it . 
  do you think that only eastern europe would be a battleground ? 
  far from it . 
  you talk about feeling safe ? 
  having a lot of troops in poland and the baltics would mean a lot more troops , military exercises by russia . 
  they can not let that go unnoticed . 
  talk about being safe then . 
  they could 've done that years ago , prior to you joining nato . 
  they did n't , because you do n't have the same geo-political , historical ties to what putin envision russia being . 
  also , you can not put a massive base right next to their borders and expect them to be quite about it . 
  estonia has nothing to gain by having a huge military base filled with americans and europeans soldiers . 
  only turmoil and political tensions . 
  spineless attitude ? 
  it 's being realistic . 
  do you think europe has one voice ? 
  has one army ? 
  no , far from it . 
  showing of your muscles would n't accomplish nothing , but fuel the fire of nationalistic russian politicians and spread the `` us vs. them '' with the population . 
  they have far more concerning problems than to wage war in the continent . 
  the ukrainian was a specific geo-political incident . 
  what would be your next step after putting boots on the ground ? 
  go and and recoup ukrainian lost territories ? 
  good luck with that . 
  mate , nato is way more powerful than russia . 
  russia has nothing to gain in engage in a war , than sooner or later , would became a nuclear one . 
  ukraine situation was only to destabilize the country as reprisal for them because they turn west and because a big part of the country is pro-russia . 
  if they wanted to conquer ukraine they would be in kiev in a few weeks . 
  poland or the baltics state are n't moscow 's political spheres of influence like ukraine or georgia , so there 's nothing to fear . 
  but a race to arms in eastern europe can be shown as more serious threat by the west and fuel paranoiacal politicians in russia and then things could get really serious to you ( and the rest of the world ) . 
  europe and the us should foment better relations with russia , not antagonising them . 
  how about no troops ? 
  what 's the point in antagonising a already paranoiac regime ? 
  what 's europe have to gain in that ? 
  i do n't think jail immigrants is a good solution . 
  rather cracking down on companies and employers that use illegal immigrants . 
  heavy fines and possible jail time down the line . 
  no , not really , apart for a minority of gloryhunters . 
  our strategy is being to west , too poor and having a stable african country across the pond . 
  it works wonderfully !, 
  romanians learn the language so fast . 
  had a romanian classmate on the 5th or 6th grade . 
  she was talking at a very good level after about a month from being in the country . 
  impressive , 
  yes , and why is that ? 
  so your companies can have the portuguese market at will . 
  that 's the premises of the eeu and later the eu . 
  nothing is free . 
  and if they default what would 've happen to your economy ? 
  do n't act like you were doing us a favour . 
  it was of mutually interest of both countries for the most part and of both ruling parties ( 2 for each country ) to protect their banking lobbyists . 
  what is being argue is that germany is facing a huge immigration problem , we are n't . 
  but we are facing the euro crisis , they are n't . 
  you do n't see them really cared about it as long as you pay , you whole economy could collapse for all that they care . 
  it 's the premises of the that debate . 
  and it was my point . 
  i 'm of the mindset that both euro crisis and immigration should be tackle by the whole of the eu ( or ez ) , and that portugal should in fact take people in ( no one is against it in portugal 's political spectrum ) . 
  but this `` solidarity '' , let 's work as union coming from germany is at best hypocritical after the greece negotiation process . 
  since when are france or germany giving us money ?
