  we will take oliven\u00e7a by surprise and you wo n't even notice us . 
  also the wages and the love for pork . 
  we are western geographically , but are eastern at heart . 
  \u00c5land is part of finland , even if they are swedish-speaking finns . 
  you finns are well known for your high ~ ~ suicide ~ ~ humour rates . 
  yeah , take that ~ ~ christ of europe ~ ~ poland !, 
  nothing like having jc watching you over . 
  yes , czech are aliens , but you go mental with the consonants : - sprz\u0105taczka - szcz\u0119sny, 
  hey ... we use vowels over here !, 
  not that szchszchszch in the middle of a person 's name . 
  i know polish is n't very pleasant to ear , but if they stab a person for speaking polish , what would they do if they catch someone speaking dutch or danish ? 
  i rather be downvoted into oblivion than to use a / s, 
  those bags are normally for throwing trash out so the durability is out of the question . 
  are the normal ones more evyroment friendly ? 
  i buy those , because i thought that they would make a smaller impact in nature . 
  are those really worst than the regular ones ? 
  ~ ~ og ~ ~ ig killahs, 
  [ dutch confirmed . 
  of course not . 
  he was german . 
  mate , stop with the stereotypes . 
  i once saw a german laughing . 
  and it was not related to schadenfreude . 
  cable , bruh . 
  getting on with the times, 
  remove paelha !!, 
  mate , put more paprika on that and all will be good . 
  ohh ... 
  so cute ... hugging your bff on that special date . 
  hard to blitzkrieg an island . 
  your tanks tend to sink . 
  they lost many territory . 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  germany lost a lot of territory , but they are still germany . 
  of course they are . 
  the tip is the name ... 
  mate , that 's like saying the egiptians have nothing to do with the pharaohs . 
  so he was macedonian but not macedonian ? 
  bruh ... 
  alexander was macedonian , mate . 
  check your history, 
  why the sons of alexander would choose the name of a kingdom they conquered as the name of their country ? 
  sorry , we are not very good with coordinates and all . 
  clearly got lost in the jungle . 
  get your dirty paws of brazil !!!, 
  we still have n't extracted all the gold . 
  of course they are . 
  they have to keep close to one another , otherwise they will freeze their asses out . 
  you literally just linked something that says : `` extremaduran , a language of spain '' . 
  if it is a language or mere dialectum continuum i do n't know . 
  it 's no my field of expertise , but the amount of spainards that fight a slightly deviation from the dichotomy madrid/castillian language is impressive , to say the least . 
  rightful hungarian clay , you mean . 
  yes , i 'm . 
  but even in the north it 's offensive . 
  people said around and all . 
  but you wo n't said it in the presence of an unknown black person without being widely offensive . 
  some bastardo mix , i reckon, 
   xaxaxaxa people on yakutsk , probably . 
  in portugal it is also the case . 
  the word `` negro '' is the correct and polite way to refer to a black person . 
  the word `` preto ( black ) '' is the one that is offensive . 
  just shows the differences that existent in not so different countries . 
  did n't knew about the wine one . 
  anan\u00e1s if i 'm not mistaken was introduced by the portuguese in europe, 
  french is actually neige . 
  phonetically they are very similar and fall on the normal differences that exist in the pronounciations, 
  \u00d1evi is a curious one . 
  you rarely see the extremaduran language appearing in this type of maps . 
  this is probably the most uniform word around . 
  remove ~ ~ kebab ~ ~ words of other origins . 
  original thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/etymologymaps/comments/51j92l/snow_in_various_languages_and_dialects_1800x1045/, 
  your variant of standard ottoman is weird too . 
  do n't question how we got the word . 
  i will cut you . 
  faca masterrace . 
  the term comes from a few decades early ... look it up . 
  convenient technical term ? 
  lol . 
  it 's neither an alphabetical order term or geographical one . 
  it was created with a clearly derogatory purpose and people that keep on use it do it with the same purpose . 
   hat 's a different scenario . 
  when we violated the sgp , it essentially elimiated the sgp , resulting in the piigs being able to violate the set rules without consequences . 
  we also did not demand anything from them at the time . 
  you can not praise abstinence while drinking if you get what i mean . 
  it would be very hard to advocate for balanced budgets in the eu while running a deficite ourselves . 
  well , first using the term piigs shows your consideration for those countries . 
  second , germany could n't have demand anything . 
  you did in fact break the rules , the first ones to do so , but because of your lobbing power you were n't punished . 
  highlighting that the ez rules applied only when certain countries want for them to apply . 
  showing how rotten and malfunctioned is the ez . 
   actually they would . 
  not because of what germany is doing but because they are running a deficit no matter what . 
  i think only germany and the netherlands are currently running a surplus . 
  they are because of the stagnation of the economy and low capacity of kick start it with all the difficulties put into place by being part of the ez . 
  when you run a deficit , not all countries did it . 
  pig master spain did n't , for example . 
   you are overstimating the positive consequences for the named countries . 
  especially considering that greece has no significant export to begin with , they would not really profit from this . 
  tourism to greece is already booming no matter what . 
  greece is a different case .
