  putting the mothers surname in last . 
  naming your kid with both his grandmothers surnames . 
  all this is legal . 
  the only limitations is a maximum of two surnames per parent . 
  maximum of two personal names . 
  and a surname for each parent must be present . 
  so picasso as an andalusian has that tradition going for him . 
  that 's cool . 
  did n't know that . 
  pretty weird that his name follows the spanish naming costums in the first place , but specially when his sisters did n't ( now that i 've check it out ) . 
  * cough * belgrad * cough *, 
   galizian proper spelling . 
  i like it . 
  spanish trawlers are a big problem here too . 
  we have the biggest economical waters of any country in the eu . 
  but we ca n't really fish too much , because we agreed to have a smaller quota and that lead to the closer of many fishing jobs throughout the decades . 
  that 's curious . 
  in portugal that rarely happens even if the father name is more common . 
  only with some old nobility surnames . 
  but in other hand , many people have a tendency to use two surnames ( normally two father surnames , but some times combining the mother and the father surnames ) so that kinda brings a distinctiveness to a particular individual that may have a common surname ( ex : our president is known as marcelo rebelo de sousa [ both surnames of his father ] and sousa is a very common surname ) . 
  there was an increase of big companies moving their headquarters to ireland in the later years . 
  many analyst said that it was one of the big factors in the irish economical recovery . 
  but ireland ca n't be compared to portugal . 
  ireland is naturally a entry point for american investment and is a big trade partner of the uk . 
  both top world economies . 
  portugal has big ties with spain , which unfortunately for us has still big economical problems in the same line as we do . 
  and most of our foreign investment was made in relation to three countries ( brazil , angola , mozambique and venezuela , for one reason or the other ) . 
  all are now facing tough economic recession and some of our big companies are struggling because of it . 
  portugal was n't ever a big agriculture country because of its climate and geological situation . 
  we could be a big fishing country , but we made extremely bad deals with the eu in that regard and our fishing industry got completely screw over and it would be hard to be a significant part of our economy as it once was . 
  btw anyone knows why pablo picasso is known by his mother surname ( picasso ) , but not by his father one ( ruiz ) . 
  it is because people in france start calling him by his last name ( which in spain is destined for the mothers name ) like it is usual in most european countries ? 
  just a small curiosity . 
  of course . 
  craic is the new mandatory word to use by the portuguese . 
  people are praying everyday for their babies to be born redheads with freckles in hope to attract big companies to have their taxes located in portugal at a 10 % flat rate . 
  not really . 
  germans did it with zeppelins , but it was more to scare the populace and reduce the enemies moral than for an actual military purpose . 
  aviation was n't devoloped to the point that you can destroy a city through air at that point . 
  guernica was a very important exercise for the german military with an another large conflict already invisioned at that time . 
  i would n't call what we are experiencing basking in nothing . 
  we simply stop doing the counter-productive austerity measures and the economy is slowly recovering its normal course . 
  we still have a long way to go and hopefully will get there . 
  but with merkel most likely remaining in power and macron winning the elections i do n't have much faith in the needed restructure of ez policies and without those a true recovery will be very hard . 
  edit : would n't instead of would, 
  at least we send you good cool air . 
  not the unbearable desert arrid air you send our way !, 
  nasal sounds masterrace !, 
   he already started killing millions in the early/mid 30s ( just read about the holodomor ) that 's why i mentioned in ww2 alone . 
  holodomor was a genocide no doubt . 
  but the comparision with hitler and the jews is not a good one . 
  stalin used an opportunity in the famine to attack a group of people that he perceive as a threat to his power . 
  hitler did n't use nor did need no such pretext . 
  a better comparision would be another man made famine in the irish potato crisis ( although that one less deadly and with a purpose to make irishmen leave ireland ) , where the british used a natural event to reduce the numbers of irishmen in another to favour their odds of mantaining control of the region . 
  stalin in ww2 killed and displaced millions of people because he perceive them as treat in regards to the advancement of the wehrmacht deep into soviet soil . 
  that is pretty much a consensus among historians . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  that justifies what he did ? 
  hell no . 
  is that as bad as the holocaust ? 
  yes , it is . 
  millions of people die because they were from a certain ethnicity . 
  that 's genocide as the other . 
  so your claim that i said tones of stuff that does n't make sense at all is simply asinine . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i said the opposite , but do n't let that stop you from reading what you what to read . 
  as i said , stalin had a purpose for doing what he did , even if was based on maniac perception of betrayal by several minorities groups . 
  hitler did n't have a somewhat logic purpose . 
  from a military standpoint killing civilians in the scale that germany did if counterproducent . 
  it only serves to give a moral boost to the opponnet , as they only can feel that this is a battle to the death . 
  surrend is not an option . 
  you either killed them or will be killed . 
  there 's absolutely no `` logic '' , even a distorted one , behind it . 
  russia did n't need to kill 27 million germans to defeat germany . 
  after they defeat them , they needed the local power structure and people to install a communist government . 
  offing people left and right would defeat that purpose . 
  and also , despite stalin being a genocidal maniac , he was n't a lunatic like hitler . 
  he did what he did out of his perception of a political or military gain . 
  everything had a purpose in the context of the war . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  what stalin did was horrific and most of the populace removal ( to siberia and central asia ) that caused huge casualties in minorities , was a vile crime against humanity and was only a `` necessity '' in the mind of insane people . 
  the germans view russian civilians as sub-humane scum who need to be removed from territory destined for germans . 
  the soviets did n't viewed germans in that light . 
  and btw , how would killing more innocent people would be fair ? 
   it 's rightful danish-finnish joint administration ~ ~ finnish ~ ~ clay as suggested by the name , anyway . 
  ftfy, 
  i misspelled the word tremo\u00e7os . 
  which it 's usual punished by death , given the importance of the subject at hand . 
  and here i thought i would have to have some type of punishment . 
  got off lightly . 
  nah , they just chilling . 
  you imagining things ... 
  i was sleepy . 
  ca n't i use that in my defense ? 
  what we do all day ? 
  nothing , we do nothing . 
  just sit around drink some bejecas and eating some tremosos . 
  not planning an evil world conquering descobrimentos 2.0 at all . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along .
