  they are screwed . 
  yes , please . 
  since we relinquish our ~ ~ rightfully ours ~ ~ colonies we are now a peaceful nation , and thus do n't have the joy that only a good war brings . 
  a good ass whopping to spain may be the thing we most need now . 
  just like in the good ole days . 
  suebis and visigoths were all chilling and mingled with the local populace and then some moors came in and ruined the party for everybody . 
  not the same as you would in a normal sentence . 
  in extremely long words is common for people to struggle to find the natural pauses between words . 
  that 's what i meant with read correctly . 
  not even german speakers can read correctly that word in their first go and you are used to it . 
  compound words are good for short combination , but it gets out of hand on long words . 
  the only acceptable word of the year is campe\u00e3o ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ caralho, 
  at least it 's easily readable . 
  no matter what you achieve in life , you will never be as cool as this man . 
  i will never not up vote this . 
  those scenes that are n't meant to be funny always cracks me up . 
  do you live in tbilisi or in the countryside ? 
   they did n't build the death camps they may not have built it , having outsourced the construction , but they ran it , right ? 
  otherwise , it would n't be called polish death camps if they had nothing to do with them . 
  just joking on the fact that happen a long time ago , so they do n't need to do this great ad that touches our feelings in order to redeem themselves , 
  goddamit poland , sniff sniff ... we already forgave you for those death camps that you build in the past . 
  no need for this emotional stuff ... sniff sniff, 
  i prefer it this way . 
  i 'm trying to avoid using paper as much as possible . 
  i knew slovenia was small , but i never imagined that you needed to combine buildings . 
  give you a whole new perspective . 
  norway , right ? 
  you are right . 
  it 's corrected now . 
  lol . 
  yes , ronaldo here knows a bit of the subject . 
  is this the new dlc for the witcher 3 ? 
  graphics look great . 
  we never had it in the first place !!!, 
  title system all the way , baby !!!, 
  btw , reddit would be the last place i would have thought of having a discussion about the abstraktionsprinzip . 
  hahaha . 
  how property is transferred is not related to the type of code you have . 
  even countries that adopt the same type of code have different systems of how property is transferred . 
  for example , portugal , despite having a bgb type code does n't have the title and modus system that germany and austria have . 
  this has more to do with the regional/family of law you are in than the type of code you adopt . 
  i ca n't speak for the scandinavians ones , but , in a short answer , the difference between the roman-germanic influenced codes and the napoleonics is the division in which the codes are structured . 
  the germanic ones follow the pandectist school of the late 19th century , which put emphasis in the division of the subjects rather than have a sole chapter for the actions ( means of protection or enforcement of rights ) . 
  this is why this type of civil codes follow this structure ( general part , obligations law , property law , family law and successions law ) . 
  the `` actions '' for are included in each chapter and vary from one another , instead of being placed in a separate chapter like with happens in the napoleonic code . 
  edit : correction of an error . 
  it is n't because of this . 
  our first civil code ( 1867 or the code of seabra ) was heavily inspired by the french code of 1804 . 
  however , our legal scholars from the 1920 's ( especially the coimbra law school , from whom the major people responsible for the project came from [ adriano vaz serra and jo\u00e3o antunes varela ] ) onwards viewed the pandectist structure of a code to be the best in terms of legal technique . 
  this is why the present civil code of 1966 adopted the so-called roman-germanic division of 5 books , dividing between the general part , obligations law , property law , family law and successions law . 
  germany invaded the ussr , not the other way around, 
  where you expecting anything different after the way germany treated russian pow 's ? 
  you should share this in r/madlads . 
  with a good title , people would have a nice laugh there . 
  foreign beer in portugal is hard to find . 
  it 's either good stuff ( guinness , duvel , leffe ) , certain beers thematic restaurants ( mexican and italian beers for their respective restaurants ) or popular beer for tourists ( carlsberg , heineken , and bud ) . 
  but one i will try to give it a go . 
  no , only the american one . 
  heineken is the european budweiser . 
  piss in a bottle . 
  no offense . 
  are spaniards mandated by law to leave portugal on december 1st ? 
  they simply do n't want to get caught and spend a evening in caxias . 
  how can you choose pizza over veggie bacon ? 
  it got all the qualities of bacon , but it 's healthy . 
  veggie bacon , amirite ? 
  the evidence actually did n't point out for that to happen . 
  the serbian government did n't had a proxy state to do their dirt for them like in bosnia and in 99 the bosnian genocide was well know and the international community had put milo\u0161evi\u0107 ' government in high alert . 
  of course , if nato did n't intervene a guerrilha war was likely and serbia may only give you de facto control many years after , so i understand why you view this in a positive light . 
  but what nato did was a illegal war to make a illegal secession of state and bombed and killing thousand of civilians . 
  from then on we knew that the us would use any pretext to attack any country that they had an interest on . 
  not longer after they invade iraq on some bogus claims and after it , it was lybia , paquistan , syria , yemen , however . 
  the russians saw this for example , as the general public stop seeing the us as a friendly nation after the collapse of ussr and elected putin . 
  i was n't a kid . 
  and i did n't claim there was no war or there was no refugees or even war crimes . 
  what did n't happen was genocide like it was claimed by nato to justify their intervention . 
  but still this nonsense is still spread today . 
  i remember seeing a couple of documentaries back in the day and it came in some newspapers . 
  did a quick google search and did n't find a mainstream media article , but found this , for example . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/monitoring/324403.stm do n't have time to make a proper search , but i 'm sure you can found it out there . 
  even if those crimes were committed , the reports that were the basis of nato 's intervention were proven to be false . 
  and not only that , but the governments of at least the us , uk and germany had direct knowledge that those reports were false , and most likely participated in the making of those reports . 
  nato 's intervention in kosovo were a war crime . 
  we just do n't talk about it because it does n't suit our interests . 
   serbs tried to ethnically cleanse albanians in kosovo actually , they did n't . 
  they had some incidents with kosovo 's pro-independence 's militias and nato decide to bomb belgrade and other towns to force a withdrawal of serbian military and police from kosovo . 
  those reports of suppose ethnically cleansing that surface by german news outlets have been proven to be false . 
  nato had zero legitimacy to intervene in kosovo . 
   land of snakes this is the only one that it 's true to me . 
  hehehe, 
  is n't marie also a an equivalent of maria in english ? 
  and even if it 's not , you do n't need to act like a smartass . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.tvi24.iol.pt/sociedade/videos/saiba-de-onde-vem-a-tradicao-da-arvore-de-natal ) it comes from the 2nd reign of marie ii ( 1834-1853 ) , brought by her german consort ferdinand ii . 
  but i think until the 50 's was n't usual in portugal . 
  probably the biggest influence was the proliferation of american mass culture by movies , etc. 
   mind you , we only eat it not stick it on things speak for yourself ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  yes , but that ruins the joke , man . 
  for a second i thought you were going skiing in the low countries . 
  that would be 5 seconds tops until you reach the end of the down hill . 
  for a period of time , yes it did .
