  where do i sign ? 
  there 's even trees left in the netherlands !? 
  stop butchering trees to make your damn wooden shoes !!, 
   i 'm honestly not sure what this means for my theory . 
  it could be argued that nato prevented the invasion from escalating into a full-scale war between the two but on the other hand it did nothing to stop the invasion even if they were n't in nato that would n't happen , as the uk has important bases there and would probably said to both governments drop your shit or expect serious repercussions . 
  and if they discovered during the flight that the airplane was to be used 9/11 style ? 
  the french either step in on their own or let a terrorist attack take place . 
   the only direct military threat to spain is morocco yeah that 's right . 
  you have nothing to fear from any other country . 
   there have n't been hostilities between the two since they joined nato i believe the turkish invasion of cyprus was one , although more or less indirectly . 
  miss yugoslavia , blink twice if you are danger !, 
  that they and the slovaks like to troll people by having similar names and having similar flags . 
  cheeky bastards the lot of them . 
  yeah ... like russia would have any problem defeating the romania army in the moldavia theater of war . 
  not that romania would in the forseeable future invade moldavia , being a democracy that it 's in the eu . 
  do n't worry . 
  once you became 100 % portuguese we will stop coming and reproducing . 
  in portugal , for instance , close to 80 % of the price is taxes . 
  so yeah , if you sucessfully can contraband it your profit rates can be through the roof if you even sell it by something like 40 % of the legit market price . 
   spanish , total scumbags \u2714, 
  make romania hungary again !, 
  damn . 
  you harsh man . 
  do you even need to ask at this point ? 
  i read it on a forum on the internet . 
  does that count ? 
  i 'm not dutch !, 
  confused ? 
  people of hungary went to bucharest , romania to fight against the fight against corruption . 
  are you even on pair with the news , mate ? 
  yes , people of hungary . 
  why ? 
  and ... 
  thanks for making things more clear now . 
  eastern european politics are always complex . 
  that 's greek propaganda !, 
  greeks got conquered by the romans , mate . 
  nah mate , that ca n't be right . 
  when i went to athens , i saw a very similar building . 
  funny how the romans influenced so many regions across europe and their impact is still seen today . 
  no point in spending resources to conquer a half-frozen god-forsaken land . 
  we are all caucasians in this blessed day . 
  100m hahaha, 
  in portuguese the new name is weird af . 
  `` ch\u00e9quia '' sounds really unnatural . 
  i will be using `` rep\u00fablica checa '' still . 
  make bohemia great again !, 
  it 's along side with all the potatoes !, 
  what !? 
  where you get that from !? 
  i just do n't want for them to be force to be high by some hippie doctor !, 
  and at my expense !, 
  some of them are terminal and soon will join the lord . 
  how can they enter heaven if their last years are baked in lust !, 
  that 's called having compassion , mate . 
  you are rude . 
  thank you . 
  the gfd obviously . 
  all the money goes to ecb and then it 's given to the states . 
  my tax dollers are in there . 
  devious people are in front of that bureau !, 
  lady justice is blind for some reason . 
  cat food can also be used to feed starving children . 
  does n't mean it should . 
  is this better ? 
  yes we do . 
  common market . 
  we are in the eu . 
  pastor did n't specify , but we in the congregation think the fact that big cities have tall buildings keeps the smoke concentrated and the stoners get higher concentration of the devil 's smoke . 
  and the pharmacies will get them from the dealers or worse the dutch !, 
  so about pedophiles ? 
  should the state also cut the child trafficking by giving innocent childs to them ? 
  the state are paying for reefer that is destroying our youth !, 
  pastor says that once you take a puff of the weed , you will be on the pipe within 6 to 9 months , depending on the size of your city . 
  you draw the line as some are sell by medical and pharmaceutical professionals and other are sell by drug dealers !, 
  those are meds , not recreational drugs for stoners !, 
  so the state is going to pay people to get high ? 
  nice use of my tax dollers . 
  are you saying drone master obama is not a peace loving person ? 
  you mean nobel prize winner , right ? 
  the case would be different if the various states did n't bail out their banks as most of them had been given huge loans or high investments by french and german banks . 
  and do n't forget that it 's public debt used to cover private banking debt , which indirectly led france and germany not to bail out their private banks that have lend it to your private banks and thus not raising their levels of public deficit . 
  yah international finance yah, 
   bread and salt of course they gave . 
  so you crazy finns be bound by the law of the gods to not shank them in their own house . 
  the nuclear is n't helping , but i was just joking about your general do n't know or do n't care attitude towards portugal . 
  there 's plenty of old cars still in use , but you do n't see corsas more than others tbh . 
  maybe people living by your preferred towels salesmen just had a good deal on an opel dealership back in the day . 
  if you were nice to us , we could 've been buying seats . 
  disbanding nato is not what trump is saying . 
  he simply wants countries that have a need ( the us being a deterrant ) to invest in their military ( aka buy a tone of military equipament from the us and thus make their industry more and more profitable ) . 
  trumps is businessman true and true and this is economics 101 . 
   edit : i 'm just re-iterating what he said in a more understandable way , do n't know why i 'm getting downvotes . 
  because you are in r/europe , where there 's a bunch of people that strongly downvote anything that even in the slightest is n't against russia . 
  if you want to go to a worst case scenario situation , salazar is not your threshold tbh . 
   own version of salazar dictatorship with fasade elections exaggeration much ? 
  * pis triggering intensifies * . 
  and why should trump care about if russia gets its goals or not , if the us also gets theirs . 
  it 's up to the european countries to care about this , not the us . 
   hollandia rule the tides !,
