  wwii in the east was a war for territory . 
  you wanted a shit ton of territory . 
  you lost and created a trail of destruction that humanity has n't never seen before or since , were you expecting not losing territory to your enemy ? 
  please answer this question too . 
   do you really think that cleansing civilian population because you ca n't otherwise seize the territory is a good justification ? 
  crimes against humanity stay crimes against humanity and one crime against humanity does not justify a reciprocal crime . 
  can you conceive of a post-wwii solution that allowed germans to not be expelled , living in now polish and russian lands and that a period of peace like the one we , for the most part , are still enjoying . 
  i can take a wild guess and think the remaining germans would suffer genocide . 
  there 's a reason why your own government before the war was lost evacuate millions of people before the incoming red army was advancing . 
   germany also was in rubbles after war . 
  millions of germans died and even more lost their homes , everything they had . 
  germany did kill more civilians in ww2 , but to say germany got off lightly is also just wrong . 
  gone off `` lightly '' regarding the atrocities committed against civilians when compared with the ones that soviet civilians suffered at the hand of the germans . 
   i also do n't see how everything could have been in place considering there were large allied air attacks on german cities before ground troops reached them the allies were n't airstriking villages and cities with no military importance . 
  most of prussia were n't `` touched by the war '' when the soviets came . 
  most houses were intact , etc. 
  that was i alluding to . 
   also do n't forget the single largest instance of ethnic cleansing in world history was not committed by germans it was commited against germans . 
  we saw between 13.5 and 16.5 million germans that were expelled , evacuated or fled a lot of which from areas that were completely ethnically homogenous german . 
  yes , there was ethnic cleansing post-war , no doubt . 
  but that unfortunately was a necessary wrong doing . 
  germany after that war had to lose territory , imposed by the ussr , which has a victor has the right by the laws of war , and we all know that after a war that saw the use of ethnic basis was an integral of germany 's military strategy ( holocaust , general plan ost , countless atrocities , killing and targeting of slavic population ) the expelling of germans from the ( now ) polish and soviet lands were the only solution for peace in the region . 
  that 's the unfortanatel\u00e7y truth . 
  btw , can you remind me which country caused the chain of events that lead to this happening ? 
  i know . 
  i was referring to ethnic baltic ( non-jew and non-slav ) . 
   for baltics , red army was far more inhuman than wehrmacht the baltics countries were allies to the germans ( which made sense , given the prior invasion by the su ) , so it only makes sense that the wehrmacht had n't committed atrocities there . 
   both are greatest evils in the history of humanity and should never ever exist again . 
  not disputing that . 
  far from it . 
  just tired of reading in this sub the same ol' russians raped and pillage germany , without mention the context for it to happen . 
  it 's so funny how the people in this subreddit talk about the actions of the red army in east germany like they come from a vacuum . 
  the wehrmacht committed atrocities on an unimaginable scale in the soviet union , especially before retreating . 
  the whole eastern front saw probably the most intense warfare in the history of the humanity and this for 3/4 years . 
  those soldiers went hell . 
  when they reached germany ( and germany allies ) and saw basically everything in place when their homeland was completely destroyed it must be revolting , especially given that they viewed them as sub-humans . 
  i 'm far from praising and not condemning what was done by the red army , but compared to what the enemy just did in the su , they germans got off `` lightly '' , so to speak . 
  that 's why you do n't many germans today speaking on the issue , as they have zero morale ground to speak on the issue . 
  given by ussr to the ... ussr . 
  you could say the same with a full intervention by russia . 
   because they did n't understand catalan yup , spaniards confirmed . 
  portuguese , aka `` the sweet and gracious language '' , according to paelha-mor miguel de cervantes . 
  case closed on your vile accusations regarding the glorious language of cam\u00f5es . 
  hey , our churches look nice . 
  all your resources were n't wasted . 
  they could look even nicer if those pesky brazilians had n't stop send their yearly gold quotas . 
  [ the best intonation of the anthem i 've seen ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ jajaja ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r36ehw03l1s ), 
   pol\u00f2nia is this polandball before polandball ? 
  ah , those were the times ... why these inbreds non-iberian countries had to stop buttfucking each other and go meddling in our world conquer affairs ? 
  we did the hard work and these leeches came when all was basically mapped . 
  they are no true colonialists . 
  do n't listen to all these haters . 
  the indigenous welcome us with open arms . 
  before us , they did n't have horses and to go around in llamas and shit . 
  all professing false religions and idolizing false gods . 
  not having the love of christ in their hearts . 
  yes , we were stern but also fair . 
  mate , you were all speaking gibberish , throwing stones at each other and sacrificing humans . 
  we gave you a civilization , a language , and a culture , without asking nothing in return and you put in question our benevolence ? 
  how dare you !, 
  you guys sure like to go outside the box with the words . 
  hey , my eyes are up here !, 
  i think we are the rebel child when it comes to `` sauda\u00e7\u00e3o '' . 
  the spanish use `` saludo '' and the italians `` saluto '' . 
   ras\u0103 pur\u0103 occidental\u0103 te salut din est without google translator , i think is something like `` pure western race i salut you from the east '' . 
  i 'm assuming that `` din '' is `` from '' , because of the context , but that word does n't have an immeadite translation into portuguese . 
  i knew what it means - in this context it would mean `` sauda\u00e7\u00f5es '' em portugu\u00eas - but could n't resist cracking a joke . 
  btw , do you use `` salut '' as cheers also ? 
  or it 's just a frenchie thing ? 
   salut cheers to that . 
   pura ra\u00e7a mestre ocidental in a somehow literal translation . 
  pure western master race !, 
  they are most definitely eastern . 
  i bet russia is behind this too . 
   today , there are about 1,000 people in adampol of whom around 40 speak fluent polish . 
  that 's really impressive . 
  i heard that a few of them turkish policemen now have the time to travel through europe . 
  maybe they can pass by poland . 
  now we only need an english student to be attacked in turkey for the cycle to be completed . 
  only the first interpretation is reasonable . 
  no , because the civil war is more or less frozen in lybia . 
  but that 's not because of france , uk or us intervention . 
  but lybia today is way worse than when there was a dictator in place and the saddest thing is that there 's no visible light at the end of the tunnel . 
  you went there with the intention of deposing gaddafi , for your own political interests , and the moment the goal was accomplished you bail out , not caring for the mess you left behind . 
  much better solution is to directly intervene in the conflict , completely destroy their power structure and then abandon the country and leave the various factions to fight for power in widely ethnic diverse countries . 
  it worked wonders in lybia and iraq . 
  that tends to happen when you wipe out/drive out 3 millennial communities from the region . 
  you tend to give nationalistic scumbags a lot of power and influence in the culture of a country , plus you lose a lot of cultural and intellectual people of influence . 
  your flag is easy to remember . 
  russian flag with a crest = slovakia . 
  i know bankers rule the world , but let 's not give them a royal dead , otherwise they will feel full of themselves even more . 
  fuck , i did n't think of that at all , but now that both of you also thought about it i feel compelled to say that i also was about to post this , but the three of you beat me to the punch . 
  polandball leaking . 
  they accepted the independences of finland , poland and the baltic states soon after . 
  why would they give it away without a fight . 
  for the bolsheviks it would be given those territory to the established capitalist order and for the whites that want to restore the same border . 
  every event has a historic context . 
  at the time no country was giving territory away without losing it in a battlefield or through diplomatic channels if it meant avoiding a war . 
  autodetermination of people mean very little to all the big parties , and that 's clear after the many treaties imposed by the entente powers . 
  not really .
