  the only reason that germans sitll used \u1e9e is because they can write '' \u1e9e masterrace '' without be frown upon on the internet , which would not be the case if they used `` ss masterrace '' instead . 
  i do n't speak russian . 
  it 's perfect because of it 's simplicity and we can feel the pain and hopelessness of a child who lost her family under horrible conditions . 
  many such diaries are well known and are published . 
  i do n't see how this one is anything out of the ordinary , tbh . 
  this was written in leningrad under siege , i assume ressources were scarce and the used of the same pencil for a 6-month period is not questionable at all , specially since she barely had written many things on that improvised diary . 
  a big emphasis was put into education in the soviet union in the 20 's and 30 's . 
  this is a girl raised in leningrad , not on the country side . 
  and back in the day , when typing machines were expensive and not that well common , a special emphasis was put in handwritting , specially for girls as they were suppose to assume secretary and administrative rolls and a good handwritting was essential . 
   likely a forgery likely ? 
  just made a quick search and did n't find a single entry , reliable or not , claiming such . 
  if the soviets would forge something they would most likely done it in anne frank style . 
  a long diary detailing the brutality of the germans . 
  here you have nothing , but small annotations about the death of her family members . 
  i came across this story while reading about the siege of leningrad and those short words proved to be so powerful and to paint a clear picture of the reality of human suffering . 
  we look at numbers and the gigantic scale of the horrors of wwii on the eastern front and you often do n't have the perception of the human suffering from an individual 's point of view . 
  you somehow feel disconnected . 
  this little diary written by a child in a small notebook , containing only a few short descriptions of the events of her family , gives you that perception . 
  you could picture you or your family living such horrible event . 
  i was also perplexed on how little of this story -- who appear to be a symbol of the civilian suffering in wwii in russia -- is really known in the west and i could n't even found out an article from a well-known website . 
  that is why i decided to post the wikipedia entrance . 
  they would n't and they should n't . 
  the law that allows sephardic jews descendents to adquire nationality ( portugal as one similiar ) is a pr manouver . 
  the requisites are very difficult to fulfill . 
  the mouriscos and sephardic jews expulsions were one of the darkest period of our history and should always be remembered and governments should do iniciatives in accordance ( like building up museums or reach to existing communities [ namely in israel ] to strengthen the bounds , etc. ) . 
  but the connections of those people with present-day spain or portugal are minimum . 
  a person with 8 portuguese great-greatparents can not automatically obtain the nationality , but a person with one or two sephardic ancestors that was expelled half a millennium ago can ? 
  we love to work in tax havens . 
  booze tourism by finns . 
  extended wwii has a name already . 
  it 's called cold war . 
  ahh and the argument you are western you do n't understand ... 
  took you a few posts . 
  i mean the steps that you go to create a narrative . 
   using armed forces against party that is not recognising your authority says that it 's pretty much conflicting matter . 
  at the time it was undisputed that the ussr had authority in lithuania . 
  you may not agree with it , but they had . 
  lithuania was a `` breakway country '' , but it was still part of the ussr . 
   except there was tanks rolling over civilians , border patrols getting assassinated . 
  those were violent incidents , not a war . 
   as i already said , war ended to you , not to us . 
  i mean ... 
  the prague spring was an event on wwii !? 
  i do n't even ... let me ask you a question , is wwii still going on ? 
  you know moscow still has indirect power over transnistria , like it had over the czech republic . 
  by your logic it still going on , right ? 
   allowed ... ? 
  that 's a dumb word to use for this topic . 
  bad choice of words . 
  not contested . 
  accepted , recognized , etc. 
   there was military confrontation ... okay . 
  troops against civilians . 
  is that a military conflict to you ? 
   i just said war did n't end to us it did . 
  there was no shelling , no gun fights , nothing you may considered a war . 
  armed resistence ended in the 50 's . 
  yes , you lived in a dictarship in a country your people did n't want to be a part of , but the war ended many decades before your independence . 
   your point being ? 
  my point being that lithuania was allowed to be independent without a military conflict , so saying that wwii ended in the 90 's is a very disingenuous statement . 
   of course scale does n't compare when a tiny nation is fighting second superpower of the world for 9 years the scale of the fighting in the balts when wwii was going on and the guerilla fighting afterwards in not even on the same page like you want to paint it . 
   since 40 's till 90 's lithuania was under tyranny , i do n't think we can consider half a century as peaceful times the whole ussr was under tyranny . 
  that is n't reason enough to `` extend '' wwii until the 90 's . 
   people getting run over by tanks for supporting re-establishing of independence , yeah thanks a lot gorbachev . 
  you know fairly well that it could have been a complete chaos , with fighting between republic for territory and between ethnic lines , etc. 
  and globally it was handled more or less peacefully . 
   partisan war ( which is considered one of the most brutal ) kept going for 9 years after ww2 officially ended the scale of the fighting is not even comparable . 
   for eastern europe ww2 ended in early 90 's this is such a dumb thing to say , specially given how the independence of most ex-soviet countries was handled . 
  we get it , you were independent in the period between ww 's and were once again ruled by moscow for the next 50 years against the will of the people . 
  but comparing `` soviet occupation '' to ww2 period is simply a dishonest statement . 
  i know . 
  just pisses me off having those as not-europeans just because they are not christians ( or of christian background ) . 
   bosnians and albanians read between the lines : because they are majority muslims ( faith or culture ) . 
  i 'm portuguese and never heard that saying . 
  i think is more of a brazilian saying , but maybe it is used on some regions of portugal . 
  you do n't discuss tastes . 
  i went to germany once and there was a complimentary water bottle on my room . 
  i pour it and amazed me to find out that it was sparkling water . 
  then i understood that germans basically only drink that . 
  it was not very good , for my taste at least . 
  but different countries , different cultures . 
  germans love sparkling water , for some reason . 
  [ r/evilbuildings ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gdblqdh.jpg ) finland as usual , metal af, 
   waves at our sisters from behind the balkans lets put hands to work ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sword and reclaim rightful romance clay that is that light blue area , so we do n't have to wave but instead hug eachother . 
  spqr masterrace !!, 
  when some of the separatists leaders got murdered , that was definitely russia behind it , to try to cover their tracks . 
  when the ukranian military leaders are killed , there 's also russia behind it . 
  no other viable explanation . 
  it 's not like there 's multiple faction on the ukranian political and military spectrum or anything . 
  why do we need an investigation or anything of the sorts ? 
  i can clearly make a judgement behind my pc screen that it was russia , despite not knowing jack shit about this person that got killed and the persons he associate with , etc. 
  makes sense . 
  wickerpedia should be more straight with what people post there . 
  too many people just taking the piss . 
  is this real or one of those internet hoaxes ? 
  that 's only a state , not a country . 
  the us is a federation and their states are not considered countries on their own . 
  the pirate city-state of copenhagen !, 
  do n't worry , soon you no longer be under the yoke of european dictatorship and such rules will not apply to you . 
  this article it 's satire , if you did n't notice .
