  hope that this can be a reliable solution and reduce other heating sources . 
  is he a greek passing as a german on the interwebz ? 
  can someone eli5 me how this works ? 
  give it time . 
  absolute madmans !, 
  the nuclear presence it 's the least of their interest in turkey . 
  they simple need a strong ally in that region . 
  turkey always them to operate in the whole of middle east and part of the magreb . 
  and us policy , except for the post-wwii , was always democracy at home and friendly and cooperative governments abroad . 
  erdogan was , and there 's no indication that he will stop to be , a good ally to the white house . 
  stop speaking nazi !!, 
  here have this : \u00e1 . 
  the borders of the eu that need defending are n't ours . 
  and if they were the big powers hold show the same commitment as they showned to help greece . 
  being in the outter borders of the eu means what we know it means . 
  structure or no structure if the interest of germany and france are not meet we know that the eu would n't operate . 
  not necessarily . 
  further military cooperation does n't suit our needs . 
  we do n't have a beef with no one and the only threats we potentially have are spain and morocco . 
  we can deal with them both . 
  what we do n't need is to spend money we do n't have and send our own to fight and die to conflicts that we do n't have nothing to do . 
  this specially given the lack of solidarity shown in the eu in the last years . 
  but now we have such an open market that new companies push the price down . 
  economics 101 , mate . 
   european army hopefully portugal would n't be a part of such . 
  but you spill your latte all over your phone when playing pokemon go . 
  not an option for me . 
  her the same story from family members that visited morocco and some friends ' family that visited tunisia . 
  it 's either bs or the locals were messing with them . 
  this is one of my favourite memes going around tbh . 
  we actually have the same type of people that put flags when we do something good, 
  horses are so last century , bruh . 
   we do n't have camels then how do you go to work ? 
  you turks are a silly bunch . 
   just give the land to hungary it was all part of the revenge plan for trianon !, 
  once again portugal toppled france . 
  bosnian digletts are a tad bit more effective . 
  on eea you would n't have tariffs for most sectors of activity . 
  of course germany would block your ascension to the eea , but as a principle it would actually be good for you as the eu is n't going to take the necessary steps to save your economy because the german and french banks may need huge bailout directly if you do and that does n't suit their governments . 
  so you remain in the status quo destroying your ability to recover one step of the time . 
  yes . 
  it 's a map of foreign-born population , not foreigners . 
  for that to happen the profits arising from cutting of the staff would have to been distribute to the general population and not been kept by the shareholders . 
  that totally will happen . 
  like it was discussed on r/mapporn , most likely they count former portuguese settlers in angola as foreign-born as they were born outside of portugal proper . 
  and i know that back then angola was considered part of portugal , but for data purposes they are probably counted as born aboard , as there 's no distinction between being born in angola before their independence . 
  it just say born in angola on your id card or passport, 
  yes , it was . 
  they were cunts all around . 
  if you are fascist you damn sure ai n't communist , which is a plus on my book . 
  welcome on board !, 
  oh it was . 
  lots of repression . 
  a bit less bloodier than yours , but was a fascist state in all sense of the word . 
  is any part of anatolia siberia-looking ? 
  if so , that would be a nice place for all those dismissed people to relocate . 
  let me translate this for you who do n't speak bullshit : `` we are at risk of having to raise salaries to the german population . 
  this is very bad for our buddies the big companies . 
  we need to bring a lot of immigrants to keep the wages below inflation levels so our profits keep raising every year . 
  this is a matter of the highest important for our country ^ ^ ^ ^ 1percenters ! '', 
  i do n't think this should be a crime . 
  that does n't mean that they are jihadists . 
  sometimes you get a life time opportunity to put your instagram profile to the next level and you simply can not miss it . 
  oh yeah , they really cared about democracy . 
  one founding member of nato was even a full-on fascist state , with an active concentration camp and all . 
  of course . 
  i was referring to the modern use , not the origin of the word . 
  if you knew anything about portuguese history you would know that when most countries only start identify themselves with a sense of nationality based on language/costums/religion after romanticism , portugal already had that a lot of centuries earlier . 
  a strong sense of unity and community for many centuries . 
  not snobbery , just a feeling that we share something with our own than we do n't share with others . 
  iberism contemplates more than being the same country , but guess that this does n't suit your territorial ambitions . 
  i wonder why some spaniards never come with the `` lets be the same country '' with the french . 
  maybe it 's something to do with being the smaller population of the two ... really ca n't figure out . 
  anti-iberism ... lol . 
  i 'm against being part of the same country with spain . 
  that i 'm , but that does n't make me `` anti-iberist '' . 
  i know where the term has its origins . 
  spain also comes from hispania , that does n't mean that throughout the centuries it does n't gain a new meaning or anything ... 
  are you comparing both situations ? 
  let 's compare it : germany and italy a number of small city states , regions and whatnot that were kicked around by the big powers of europe and had constant territorial chances and decide for a number of reasons , that the differences where smaller than what they shared in common . 
  portugal and spain are countries well established since the middle ages . 
  i 'm well aware of what iberismo is . 
  and i did n't say the poll was fake . 
  i was referring to the term `` iberia '' . 
  read what was written before you post . 
   iberia serious question . 
  why you spaniards always push this term around ? 
  iberia does n't exist . 
  it 's the iberian peninsula . 
  iberia makes it sound like there 's a political entity created , which is far from the true . 
  yes , let 's make a political union so we can be without a government for 8 months !, 
  let 's not interpret this as being part of the same country . 
  this question is large enough to encompass other political solutions . 
  i do n't oppose a political union with spain in the lines of benelux or nordic council . 
  more than this would be stupid idea . 
  we are our own country for 900 years . 
  join spain would be a step backwards as we would lose autonomy with little gain . 
  we are both in the eu . 
  business can be devolped in the other side of the border and people can move around freely . 
  no need to join spain and lose what makes us what we are .
