  in the other 's country . 
  there 's no borders . 
  more integration and cooperation between the countries can be easily achieved without becoming the same country . 
  utopia is a very pretty thing , but there 's a reason countries exist , because people do n't get along with who they do n't share the same culture , principles and language . 
  especially in crises situation as is been blatant in the ez for the past half a decade . 
  i do n't open the link . 
  i though you were quoting a newspaper article from a few years ago . 
  still , you may think this is accurate , but it 's not i can assure . 
  there are n't any party or political movement talking about a union , let alone making political statements or campaign . 
  that 's only a dream of a few academics that like to think what if . 
  it 's the same with united states of europe idea . 
  it 's not representative of what the people want . 
  if truly almost half of the population wanted something of the sorts , it would have a political campaign by now . 
  no political party defends that , and we even have a monarchic one . 
  yeah , some random poll made by a newspaper asking 200 people a light question over a phone after lunch . 
  it sure is representative of almost half of the portuguese population . 
  sooner madrid will lose 3 regions ( if not more ) than a union with portugal would happen . 
  we are an independent nation for almost 900 years , and that will not change . 
  there was no such thing as the county of porto . 
  it was the county of portugal ( * condado portucalense * ) . 
  so yes , we were together with the galician , from whom we were the same people at one point . 
  with the kingdom of le\u00f3n also , from who we were part of , prior to our independence . 
  but iberia as a country never existed , no mater how the dream of spain ( * hispania * ) may still be something that some spaniards grave for . 
  iberians share many common roots , same with the scandinavian countries . 
  but that does n't mean we should be together as country . 
  far from it . 
   if iberia is re-united to be re-united we must have been united in the first place at some point in history . 
  and just because we shared a few kings that does n't mean we were a political entity . 
  and in maps . 
  also exist in maps . 
  damn southerns , learn how to be efficient with your public spending . 
  i feel you , mate ... 
  i feel you . 
  the tortilha type !!, 
  take that , paelhas !, 
  [ this is the face of a tyrant !, 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-mk-xgqv5r34/uy0rpkluzgi/aaaaaaaadru/skxxqkog4jq/s1600/screen+shot+2013-05-10+at+10.14.14+am.png ), 
  from all of this maps posted these days this is the best one towards us . 
  have you heard of stronk ? 
  that 's why . 
  we are the eastern europe of western europe . 
  we have a reputation to maintain , kind sir . 
  i did n't thought you were being sarcastic , specially given how many downvotes i was getting in such small space of time . 
  really thought the salt was coming out . 
  my bad , b. 
  dude , it because in polish the word `` bo '' means `` because '' now if you divide `` borussia '' you get `` bo russia '' - `` because russia '' . 
  would you ever learn ? 
  for your standards i 'm filthy rich . 
  yeah ... nice try . 
   n/a had a good chuckle after even san marino and lichtenstein appear in these . 
  poor georgia , they do n't even confound you with their own georgia any more . 
  we also try to unite the countries at one point . 
  see the war of the castilian succession and subsequent marriages that lead to the birth of an [ infante ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_da_paz,_prince_of_portugal ) that if he would had survived childhood would inhered the crowns of portugal , castille and aragon . 
  those trademark jpaolo 's lines . 
  how dare you question our pure lusitanic heritage ? 
  they spoke a different language , had different costums , etc. 
  nationaliy would be in the terms of what people identify with , not which kingdom they belonged . 
  people on south italy were ruled by the king of spain , but they certanily did n't identify as spanish . 
  even in today 's galiza they do n't identify as leoneses , despite sharing a kingdom ( and their succesor spain ) for 1000 years or more . 
  yes , galizian nationality . 
   so technically people from that area could identify themselves as `` portuguese '' i doubt that they identify themselves as portuguese . 
  this was the feudal system when the concept of nationality was disregard and people identify by the village , religion and language/dialect . 
  for them the count of portugal was only their liege lord , whom they should pay tributes and went to war at his will . 
  the portuguese nationality was only enforced in the time of d. afonso henriques and was sometimes that in the next centuries was really brought upon the people in a way to secure the maintenance of the new formed kingdom and to create a fatherland from which people would want to defend . 
  portugal was one of those countries that the concept of nationality was strong in the medieval times , but prior to the independence of the kingdom i do n't think people identify themselves as portuguese . 
  this map is rubbish when it comes to the iberian peninsula . 
  there were no portuguese or spanish in the 900 's . 
  the portuguese were part of the galizian nationality ( if we can call like that back in that time ) and the south of portugal were habited by romance-speaking , christian population that we do n't know what exactly dialect they spoke and neither of each `` nationality '' they identify with . 
  spain only was formed in the late 15th century . 
  so using the term `` spanish '' back then is simply a fallacy . 
  of course . 
  that 's why finland is in good terms with russia and countries like poland are n't and feel threatened . 
  constantly saying screw you man on gets you anger and resentment from the other side . 
  finland 's approach is much more reasonable and had accomplish way better results . 
  i know you were . 
  just buggers me this myth of invincible finland , when they spent 70 years trying hard to not be hostile towards russia and compromising has much as possible, 
  so they could annex finland in one month ? 
  there 's a reason for the policy called finlandlisation . 
  when you have a hostile way stronger force at your doors you should try not to incite an attack , but rather do the diplomatic approach, 
  the czar of all rus ... oh wait, 
  so that is the new eu plan to house the refugees . 
  is moscow the real capital of estonia ? 
  [ yes , it is . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
  in this case no . 
  for example , portugal also had a bit of indecision among the parties regarding coalitions and who would form a government in our last parliamentary elections . 
  this led to a one month process of talks , which was view as extremely lengthy . 
  the president could simply dissolve the parliament and call new elections if the parties did n't reach a consensus . 
  in spain the king ca n't do nothing , just have to wait 4 months to call new elections when it was apparent to everyone that consensus among the parties could n't be reached . 
  and the parties are just trying to position themselves for a new elections , by `` selling '' themselves as the ones who want to reach consensus . 
  imo comparing both situations , having a constitutional monarchy is not good in terms of political solutions . 
  but we all now the historical context in which the monarchy came back to spain and was the best solution at the time for a country that could be fragmented , etc. 
  well the concordata was an agreement to make some religious rules and law applicable in portugal after the constitution was in effect . 
  basically was a way to facilitated the application of catholic rules since the vast majority of people were catholic at the time and wished for easy access to the church proceedings and at the same time do not in any shape or form put the religious above the constitution . 
  the most notable example was that divorces were forbidden for catholic marriages prior to 76 , but with from then on , it were allowed with civil effects , although the divorcees were still married with one another for catholic law purposes , which in practical terms only means that they can no longer remarried in the church . 
  oh , in that case , we are certainly not a `` la\u00efcit\u00e9 '' country in the way france is . 
  there 's several ties between churches and public institutions . 
  turkey supposedly based their secularity on france 's model , but i know very little of the subject to make comparisons . 
  ireland on the other hand still has an `` obscene '' level of interaction between church and state . 
  most schools are ran by churches and they hold a big chuck of real estate .
