   in the end ~ ~ we are just neighbors ~ ~ anschluss is near the corner ftfy, 
   pirate state of napoli i died . 
   ferentari god damn !, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.romaniaexperience.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/ferentari-bucharest-dangerous-place-08.jpg ) looks worst than aleppo . 
  at least it is n't jam\u00f3n . 
  portuguese riddled with mistakes . 
  would the capital be porto ? 
  because that might actually convince them to join you . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2qjpcc/map_of_spains_dialects/  oliventin triggered, 
  btw i noticed you trying to incorporate the top of minho into galizian possessions . 
  you had your chance , irm\u00e3o . 
   hey , barrancos makes some decent one . 
  triggered . 
  is that even possible ? 
  that shit is basically unsafe for human consumption anyhow . 
  the left right map kinda is a realistic division for portugal . 
  do n't know if it was intentional or not . 
   disappointed are you french by any chance ? 
  france is germanic hoe . 
  only goes out with guys that have lot of geld . 
  she 's a lost cause . 
   in a very platonic way , but still with all the holes your cheeses tend to have i have my doubts . 
  they always getting empired instead of empiring others . 
  ca n't have that kind on our group . 
   made in china !, 
  look at how the 7th castle is at bottom rather than top trust a spaniard to make something simple as copy of a drawing and he manages to fuck that up somehow . 
  look at [ this !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_ceuta#/media/file:flag_ceuta.svg ) how can you say we are not on the mediterranean sea ? 
  nyet , tovarish . 
  are n't those easternling hordes ? 
  i did n't like ile de bantz at all . 
  i felt people there were quite edgy . 
  use chopped garlic and dry bay leaf . 
  the meat gets really good and tasty . 
  if you prepare it before hand it does n't , namely by putting it in white wine or lemon juice for an hour or two . 
  it 's like those crazy austrians and belgians claiming rightfully french products of croissant and french fries , respectively , as their own . 
  deluded people !, 
  grill , in this case , is cooking without any sort of outside grease , being olive oil , butter , etc. 
  just the natural fat of the meat . 
  using this type of pan : http://service.tristar.eu/content/files/images/productimages/large/cw-0279_1_picture.jpg, 
  we usually do n't fry steaks , but rather grill them . 
  when we fry it , it 's 50/50 cooking oil/butter , but i prefer butter also . 
   to be fair , most people use both . 
  your mediterranean diet card was revoked . 
  what is turkey without some greece , man ? 
  i wonder what is like to live in that yellow/light blue frontier . 
  you must be constantly aware about using the `` wrong '' term or some warm maybe done to you . 
  maybe all the barbed wire and trenches prevent you to stepping on the other side to minimize the danger to your safety . 
  but what about the turbines ? 
  not in the middle-east they are n't . 
  millions of germans go to those . 
  what a missed opportunity for the terrorists . 
  the way god intended . 
   calling this an attack on christians is accurate though , do you think a christmas market was chosen at random ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  it was because they can : 1 ) attack a place with a high concentration of people to kill as much as possible ; 2 ) spread as much fear and outrage to make the governments have to react and come after them , not because it is an attack on christians . 
  at least poles could hang out with other poles that they had n't seen since the partition for the brief moments of a trench raid . 
  no ideally , but still it was a nice gesture . 
  so you put all the coal power plants down south and use the turbines to send the smog to the ukraine . 
  smart move . 
  do they use those giant turbines to clear the air from all the smog in warsaw ? 
  if so that seems that you guys should demand from the government at least one or two . 
  it 's only fair . 
  a truly beautiful endeavour by the great empires allowing the poles to see the other side poles from a distance of trench . 
  who says that there were no compassion in the hearts of the czar and the kaiser ? 
  whoa ... amazing !, 
  did they closed down all the coal power plants for one day to allow this photo to be taken ? 
  the dutch really despise any sort of high ground , do n't they ? 
  this post has high cheekiness levels . 
  not logical ? 
  first to respect the international rules you do n't need to be a democracy . 
  second the argument i used is just to show that constitutions are n't write in stone . 
  they are product of their time . 
  if the right thing , because the people of catalonia wants it , is for catalonia to get their independence then the spanish state should change the constitution to allow it so or to simple recognise the lost of sovereignty in that territory . 
   is miranda do douro a nation ? 
  they do n't have a different history , culture and they do n't have a different sense of community than the rest of the country . 
  they simply have a different language than a few people speak as a native language and that is trying to be preserved . 
  that 's all . 
  the concept of nation is a complex one . 
  it 's not written in stone . 
  deep . 
   what if my belief is that the rest of portugal should seek to become independent from you ? 
  am i the king of portugal ? 
  i think i will tell my boss to go fuck himself then . 
  yes , no doubt that there 's no violation of human rights going on . 
  but still , i believe that catalonia as a nation as the right of self-determination and granting them a referendum is the right thing to do , as a significant number of their population wishes for one . 
  no one decides , but the widely accepted concept in international law is that it is an ethnic group with a common language and a common sense of community . 
  i know that the subject is a complex one , but catalans share a different enough language , history and a sense of difference from castille that in my view that should be considered a nation . 
  plus even the spanish constitution considered catalonia as a `` historical nation '' , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i did n't say catalonia is a colony of spain . 
  i said that our constitution did n't allow secession , but they had a human right to do so . 
  so what i meant is that the argument that `` our constitution does n't allow this '' is not a valid one . 
  only that . 
   catalonia is not a nation btw . 
  we disagree , i see . 
  catalans have all the requisites to be considered a nation , contrary to algarvians ( which i am one ) . 
   that is said on our constitution our previous constitution did n't allow our colonies to secede from portugal . 
  and guess what ? 
  they did in fact secede from portugal and had every right to do so . 
  so , i hope you learnt something new today as well .
