  tolerance is almost mandatory when you are the small minority and you control every bit of power . 
  of course . 
  if it 's built it should be used and try to give them the best conditions . 
  but it just shows how our government , former at least , only cares how the international community sees the country . 
  you would n't find houses like that being used as public housing for the locals in need . 
  and the vast majority of people would struggle like hell to buy all of this , given that we are one of the countries where the utilities , petrol , housing and day-to-day expenses are proportionality the most expensive among eu countries . 
  the moment you realize that the houses ( on the inside at least ) build for the refugees are way better than yours . 
  if they do n't want to come to portugal , a country with one of the warmer temperatures in the eu ( most similar to the middle east ) and just a bit below eu average wages , they will sure want to go to estonia or poland . 
  in my country there 's a saying : `` you do n't look to the teeth of a horse that was given to you '' [ rough translation ] . 
  this just shows that if they ca n't get in into the richer european countries , they would rather return to turkey or other middle eastern countries than to come to poorer eu countries . 
  and i do n't blame them . 
  in there you are close to your surroundings , have probably better job opportunities ( smaller discrimination , lesser language barrier , more useful skills for their economies , etc. ) . 
  this just shows that the quota program was made by people that are disconnected with the reality and approved something that only makes sense on paper . 
  it 's the new gospel !, 
  mate , pontius pilate ask the jews what they want to do and they said to nail him to the cross . 
  i saw mel gibson 's the passion of the christ . 
  damn , dirty jews , pontius did n't want to do it . 
  he was force to . 
  hey , they did nailed down our lord and saviour , did n't they ? 
  i will see if you ( and others here ) keep the same rhetoric when a turkish jet violates syrian airspace and the russian military shoots it down . 
  you ca n't come out saying that they go after that group . 
  of course it will be a law banning everyone to cover their head in public , which is mind boggling . 
  one thing is in a public building , bank , etc. , which demands more security and scrutiny . 
  another completely different is on the street , where and individual should be able to express themselves freely as long as he does n't put anyone at risk . 
  which of course those women do n't do . 
  they owned that 3km strip for a whole 17 seconds . 
  they had it coming . 
  yes , the beginnings of a police state . 
  let 's not ignore the elephant in the room the , islamism terrorism , that has made the necessity of creating this draconian law . 
  this is targeting a group . 
  pure and simple . 
  i 'm not disputing that . 
  but one thing is to feel in danger ( like crossing the street at night with a young male in a hoodie or a bandana ) another is the law assuming a priori that people wearing a particular type of clothing are , especially a notorious religious outfit , are in dangering others . 
  which for me is nothing more than a lame excuse to persecute a religious group . 
  so a person walking around in the street with the face covered up is a danger ? 
  i understand that in schools ( does n't reveal the identity of the student ) or in a bank with may make sense to be forbidden . 
  but on the street ? 
  what that accomplish other than being a complete attack on an individual 's religion ? 
  this starts to be dangerously close to a police state . 
  repression of a particular group in the name of safety . 
  i guess you are missing the point . 
  one thing is to shoot a jet that entered your areal space , which seems to be case of today ( even though it 's a complete overreaction ) . 
  another is to shoot any plane that comes close to the border , which is a clear cut act of war . 
  after that russia has causis belli to threaten turkey with a nuclear attack . 
  there 's a reason that neither the us , china , russia , france , uk ( excluding oversees territories ) and more recently israel , india and pakistan have n't been attacked by anyone . 
  why would the us hold want to be involved in a possible nuclear war with russia over turkey when they can easily said to the remainder of nato allies that turkey start a war and that article 5 does n't protect you if you are the attacker . 
  if someone attacks you we will be there for you , but not in the opposite situation . 
  article 5 applies as defence measure . 
  that comment i was replying to was describing a direct attack to any `` every plane that comes close '' to the border . 
  do you think the us would risk nuclear annihilation to protect turkey after they started a war with russia . 
  i do n't think so . 
  there 's nothing stopping russia from deploying a fifth of their nuclear arsenal and pointing them to the 30 most populous cities in turkey also and say : `` i dare you to shoot another jet '' . 
  to a lesser extent . 
  but some of the concepts and rhetoric are also used in this side of pond . 
  linda is the female adjective of beautiful in portuguese ... 
  that or they will shoot down the next turkish plane that flies over syria to bomb some nato target . 
  nah , mate , you got it all wrong . 
  when big business have a tax break they will employ more people and get the jobs in our country . 
  they will not have ridiculous wages for the board members and the money in the cayman islands . 
  no sir . 
  all the tax breaks will be invested in the local economy . 
  it is known . 
  trickle down economics , you commie !, 
  assad at this point does n't dream of getting back the lost territories to the kurds . 
  russia can easily please assad with give him the territories ( if they gain them in battle , of course ) of al-nusra , daesh and the many militias supported by the west and at the same time arm the shit out of the kurds , both in syria and turkey , and in that way weaken turkey in the inside . 
  turkey already struggles to control pkk and a big chuck of territory is kinda a warzone . 
  just imagine if russia starts to directly supporting the kurds in turkey . 
  scary times ahead . 
  * you keep sinking them . 
  we keep building them * . 
  the german approach . 
  i 'm partially ok with this . 
  oliven\u00e7a is where it belongs , and galiza i 'm okay also . 
  but that is too much paelha clay for my tasting , unless it 's a buffer zone , then i 'm fine with it . 
  [ yeahhh , thanks so much germany !!!, 
  ] ( https://blog.transparency.org/2012/09/03/dealing-in-the-dark-portugals-sad-case-study-on-defence-procurement/ ), 
   or maybe jar of salt i thought you swedes did n't like danish cuisine . 
  portugal stronk . 
  portugal united . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ shhh ^ ^ ^ ^ little ^ ^ ^ ^ archipelagos ^ ^ ^ ^ all ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ bases ^ ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ ^ always ^ ^ ^ ^ belong ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ us . 
  also `` prussians '' only want kaliningrad ? 
  a big chuck of today 's poland is rightfully prussia 's clay . 
  prussians should not be satisfied with kaliningrad only . 
  hey , do n't say that . 
  the borders have changed [ ... ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/005/600/its-something.jpg ), 
  enough muslims ... you mean 50 % of the population ? 
  i guess we should start renaming the peninsula to al-andalus again . 
  all poverty is relative , it 's always related to the living costs . 
  a poor person in portugal with his income would n't be a poor person in moldavia or mozambique . 
  i was n't comparing both countries in economical terms . 
  but rather saying that the child poverty in portugal was widely aggravated in the last 6,7,8 years due to the euro crisis . 
  the uk did n't have that , so both countries being the same level just shows the complete neglect that the british government is showing to the problem . 
  is crazy to think that portugal and the uk are in the same level . 
  mental !, 
  portugal is having a deep financial crisis that sunk half of the population to poverty , borderline poverty . 
  the uk is n't . 
  despite being affected by the 2008 crash , the economy is doing ok . 
  mental that with such numbers the people still keeps voting for a party that does n't tackle a problem like this and has no intention to do it in the future . 
   except for norway , we like norway yeah , fuck you canada !!, 
  slavery and beheadings is the best policy .
