  it needs a tone of debt relief , pure and simple . 
  but other countries , would certain benefit from a growth in consumption by germany . 
   this is actually unrelated . 
  what profit are you talking about anyways ? 
  our trade surplus ? 
  yes , we are obsessed with trade surpluses , but they do not directly translate into profit for us . 
  mainly , they translate into debt of other countries . 
  the profit arising from being able to get loan at low interest rates . 
  sometimes , even negative interest rates , as the security of having the money in germany in the current economy is pursed by many investors . 
  of course , that this does n't necessarily is good for the german economy and for the german people , but sure as hell is good for the lobbyists that are behind the government . 
  until most ez are able to fix their economies , their financial sector would shaky and thus forced to resort to loan at high interest rates . 
   we can not really expect other countries to balance their budget if we are n't doing it ourselves why ? 
  when you did violate the sgp ( without consequences ) many countries , namely spain , did comply with the deficit rules . 
  if germany run a deficit for a year or two and lower taxes , most ez countries would n't run a deficit , quite the contrary . 
  germany investing and allowing germany companies and consumers to have more purchase power would benefit tremendous the ez 's economies and country would increase their tax revenues and thus the need to run a deficit would n't be present . 
  of course , this would stop the profit that germany is making every year , so it would n't be adopted . 
  this was the only consideration they had when creating those flight routes . 
   fucking hell quite literally . 
  he worked for the spanish crown , though . 
  makes you think of the kind of people who would choose to settle on that god 's forsaken place . 
  why saudi arabia should stop financing terrorists groups that pursue targets in england ? 
  translation : the delegation of the catalan regional government was opened this monday in lisbon and is the `` own voice '' of catalonia in portugal , while the region is n't still yet a state with its own embassies , said the counsellor of the foreign affairs of the generalitat . 
  this is one delegation . 
  catalonia is living an important moment of change , of transformation , with a democratic mandate that is very clear [ promote a referendum regarding the independence of the region from spain ] '' , said raul romeva at the official act of opening of the delegation of the generalitar at avenida da liberdade , in lisbon . 
  questioned about if the office that opened today was `` an embryo '' for a future embassy of catalonia in portugal , the counsellor of foreign affairs replied : `` obviously , that it is a vocation for in the future , if the democratic majorities so wished , for catalonia to became a state and a state has embassies '' . 
  he highlighted , however , that in the meanwhile the delegation is nothing more than that , but with `` the vocation to connect catalonia with the world , as it happens with all delegations '' . 
  `` catalonia wants to became a state . 
  this is no secret and i believe that there is democratic legitimacy [ for that ] . 
  and one country such as catalonia must have a dynamic , active , responsive and open international presence , which it is what catalonia is and wants to be '' , he said . 
  romeva highlighted that portugal is the country higher number of catalan companies and it is the fourth biggest destiny of catalan exports . 
  `` portugal is one country is one country with which catalonia has fluid and continuous relationships and - i dare to say - privileged . 
  but it is normal : the cultural , economical , social relationships between both countries are historical . 
  the good relationships between catalonia and portugal - in any scenario , in any context - are a priority , for the generalitat and for catalonia in general '' , said raul romeva . 
  lisbon became part of a network of seven delegations of the genelitat in europe ( including brussels , london , paris , berlin , vienna and rome ) and one in washington ( united states ) . 
  `` this delegation has the mission to be the own active voice [ of catalonia ] in the world , that will allows to strengthened the relations with everyone '' , said the counsellor , putting aside eventual pressures from the madrid 's government regarding the opening of a delegation of such characteristics in lisbon . 
  raul romeva avoid answering if the generalitat has or plan to start contacts with foreign affairs office of portugal , which only has contact officially with spain through its embassy in lisbon . 
  `` the will of the generalitat is to talk with everyone , reach and keep good relationships with everyone . 
  is with this intention that we open this delegation '' , said raul romeva . 
  the delegation of the teneralitat in lisbon will have has a responsable ramon font , a catalan ex-journalist that resides at several years in portugal . 
  `` today it is a big day and history will dictate if it will became more than this '' , said font during the official act , highlighting the difficulties in making it a reality . 
  font said that the generalitat has a mandate , inscribed in the statute of catalonia , to `` project the region to the exterior '' , wherefore `` it was not normal to keep it empty '' . 
  `` being welcomed whomever comes for good reasons , and if there is who does not want bring him with you also '' , said ramon font , quoting zeca afonso . 
  it 's great that germany is not going under while accepting the refugees that want to be in germany . 
  now you can stop forcing other countries do accept quotas of refugees , given how well your finances are . 
  first , my jimmies were mildly rustled as we were together with spain in a iberian gib empire , then they got a lot more rustle when we relocated to guinea , angola and freaking yemen . 
  anyway , allahu akbar , infidels !, 
  eesti can not into special snowflake . 
   arne vainio had a difficult childhood and adolescence . 
  but he has persevered , even after the ** suicide of his finnish-american father ** and a life in the midst of two marginalised minorities . 
  you can leave finland , but finland does not leave you . 
  i hope it happens in this case , but i 'm not confident tbh . 
  iraq is ruled by a select group of tribal families put in charge by the american governments . 
  pretty sure they have connections and theit government will have their backs . 
  hopefully the police used the old trick of handcuffed them behind the back , put them on the back of a van and drove all the way to the embassy in lisbon through some bumpy roads . 
  i 'm sure those refuges would be heading to portugal, 
  yeah , that totally going to happen ... 
  just think of the number of free-loaders eu citizens that will room to britain demanding benefits and drain the wellfare system until it collapses . 
  better speed-up the process or there wo n't be a britain left !, 
  we are not a single nation/state . 
  when a estonian wins a medal i do n't give a shit , and neither do any other eu nation when a portuguese wins a medal . 
  also , if the eu competes as a whole it could only field a number of athletes ( 3,4,5 ) as there 's limit on a number of athletes each country can field in each event . 
  super fun !, 
  common sense !? 
  get outta of here !, 
  did we ? 
  nice to know . 
   so i can actually do some actual summer activities what !? 
  smoking pot in the garden instead of the house , you goddamn druggie . 
  easy on the salt . 
  watch out your blood pressure , mate !, 
  only london has plunder worth taking it . 
  all the other cities are post-industrial wastelands . 
  not worth shelling . 
  of course i was serious . 
  you do n't joke with topics regarding the former vice-president of the free world . 
  the eu is out to get us . 
  they envy our wheater , beaches , food and chill attitude towards life . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  how do you justify that all the southern countries are being affect by it ? 
  do n't believe the media . 
  they are out to get us !!, 
  nice job with the triggering . 
  eu is always angered by portuguese people finding jobs . 
  when i was learning english as a kid it was one of the things that made scratch my head . 
  to have the verbs `` ser '' and `` estar '' combined into one . 
  i viewed as super weird . 
  funny how languages differentiate so much . 
  you guys really do n't like france . 
  completely ignore them , even when you are talking shit about the non-germanic , aka untermensch . 
  do you also call one third of the polish towns by their prior german name ? 
  there 's no need to taxing or banning to make an effective measure . 
  put for example on the front of the product the number of spoon of sugar that the product has taken and that would raise awareness and would make people think twice and eat healthier , avoiding a rise in health problems and saving money to the state . 
  shouting : `` by god , you cant wear clothes in here ! '', 
  russia is disgusted with norway . 
  madness , i tell you !, 
  you will became both . 
  swedistan is coming for you !, 
  why do you think they shovel holes in the beach when on `` vacation '' ? 
  they are already fully prepared to this type of warfare !, 
  that 's cool .
