  they can not possibly host so many people and the refugees would escape and go to the north again . 
  europe needs to come to an agreement on three things : 1 ) shared refugee among everyone and who will pay for it ( most likely the northern countries , if we are being realistic ) ; 2 ) a more restrict benefits package that it 's given to refugees . 
  germany can not give so much , because more people will come because of it , and the rest of europe ca n't deal with this ; 3 ) deportation of economic migrants ( i.e. , not from war zones . 
  nigeria , bangladesh , etc. ) . 
  no exceptions or unjustifiable delays . 
  the first one is the most problematic . 
  we all know that eu is running on 3 speeds . 
  the south is broke and is cutting everything , so there no way you can sell let 's have some immigrants to the voters , specially when , for example , portugal is n't being affected and had to deal with some `` resolve with your own problems '' attitude for the past 5 years . 
  and the east is booming , but there 's a lot of infrastructure to be built and a lot of people still living in pretty bad conditions . 
  they can not chip in with much money . 
  imo this is the result of merkel 's politics of present-day thinking of let 's do what 's best for germany and let 's forget about what 's best for the whole of europe . 
  a lot of germans intellectuals said that this is killing the european project and will have consequences to germany down the line . 
  down the line just came to quickly with this unexpected immigration crisis . 
  let 's hope , however , that the politicians can address this as quickly as possible , because a lot of people are dying , suffering and we need to act as one , once and for all . 
  you know that this would n't happen , even if it 's the right thing . 
  that 's a naive approach , no disrespect . 
  like someone said a true deal is when both parties come out of it feeling that they being fucked . 
  first most people in crimea wanted russia , being a majority of ethnic russians . 
  that 's why ukraine did n't went to war over that . 
  it was a special situation created by the ussr . 
  second , we have `` great life '' over here so i can not have an opinion ? 
  i never said you should n't have a strong military or let russia do what they want . 
  and i 'm having a discussion , not advising the prime-minister . 
  you on the other end are a doomsday guy who sees russia as a evil empire that wants to annex poland regardless of the consequences , and failed to see that there 's nothing for russia to gain , and that they do n't want to force the us to go to war with them . 
  and neither the us wants it . 
  poland and eastern ukraine are very different . 
  it depends on how russia would view that . 
  the us wants to normalize their relations with russia . 
  a lot of money at stake . 
  putin is resorting to mummers shows to get grip on power . 
  `` we must stand united against the west , etc. 
  '' , `` let 's burn some flowers '' . 
  you do n't see them going all out against ukraine . 
  the sanctions are taking their toll . 
  the us understand this and want to resume business as usual , so does russia . 
  now is just finding a solution for ukraine impasse . 
  we are still miles from a solution , but the us does n't want to burn bridges . 
  that 's why a base in poland is something that you do n't see coming from the us mouths , quite the contrary . 
  you are from nato and one of the most important geo-political countries in europe . 
  the us would n't let you be invade , base or no base . 
  the subsidies are misleading . 
  that 's the price that rich nations pay to have free access to their markets , in the same that they did with portugal or spain in the 80 's . 
  politicians know this . 
  in the end it 's all a matter of money . 
  germany has a problem and `` deep pockets '' and everyone will try get as much to receive an unwanted immigrant . 
  the fact that we are , after the euro crisis , more divided than ever as a union it 's not helping either . 
  for most countries merkel 's rhetoric is viewed as coming only after the immigrants started to be a problem for germany . 
  italy and greece are suffering with this problem for years , and only now germany seems to care . 
  that 's a tough sell when you try to pull the solidarity card . 
  you are going on a catastrophic propaganda that russia is coming , so it 's only natural to prepare for an invasion . 
  i , because i 'm at a beach in my peaceful peninsula , do n't know about russia , despite the fact that they are in the news for the last 50 years . 
  you seem to forget the reasons behind russia 's destabilization of eastern ukraine . 
  that does n't apply to poland , even without the nato membership . 
  comparing both countries is ludicrous . 
  completely different geopolitical situations . 
  do you really think that russia would invade poland ? 
  what 's there to gain ? 
  wwiii with the us over some country that does n't have natural resources and barely has any ties with russia history . 
  that 's the people . 
  most people do n't want immigrants at all , specially in `` closed '' societies , but politics do n't work that way . 
  they are preoccupied with the backlash . 
  how can you justify spending 50 000 euros or even half of that per year on a immigrant when you old people get a 100 euro pension ? 
  if germany pays for that they could justify as solidarity among eu countries , and a responsibility of the eu as a whole . 
  you should spend way more . 
  cut every other spending and prepare for the invasion . 
  13 % more ? 
  russia is coming and you are developing roads ? 
  that 's only helps them . 
  no enough stereotypes . 
  we also like to evade taxes and bang your girlfriends . 
  if you think this is a real threat why do n't poland invest in the army like an invasion may come ? 
  may you give me an answer on why are you so diligently look to the sides , when the big bad wolf is coming to get you ? 
  you have to understand that the main issue is money . 
  most politicians would agree to take a number of refugees , but they can not pay the cost . 
  a lot of people struggling and there 's no money to give to some foreigners who would n't contribute to their economy , society . 
  if the rich countries would pay you would see a more willingly cooperation , for sure . 
  do n't forget about germany . 
  and while you are at it reclaim lithuania and western ukraine too . 
  get you cavalry ready . 
  portugal can lend you some cannons . 
  we have them in museums , but it would come handy too in siege fighting . 
  defensive is one thing , another is let 's show russia not to fuck with us , like you constantly see on reddit . 
  russia may no longer be a super-power , but they are still the 2nd strongest army in the world . 
  being careful with them and not antagonising is the way to go . 
  the sanctions are working way better than a military intervention on ukraine would do . 
  that conflict would be catastrophic . 
  now russia is suffering and putin image as leader that would bring prosperity is tainted . 
  and in the end the russian people is like any other . 
  russia is not ussr , no matter how putin dreams about it . 
  they are not even close to the power of the us . 
  and their economy is a capitalist one with tone of russian oligarchs that back putin into power . 
  they would lose the most if push comes to shove . 
  so a war , invasion of nato eastern countries is more than unlikely . 
  and if you said is true , why does n't poland invest heavily in your army ? 
  why are you not going with demonstrations of power to back russia away ? 
  why because you are nato now and the us have their reputation at stake , especially in times of global terrorism . 
  after 9/11 they can not let that slide , even if they do n't give a fuck about eastern europe . 
  and the fact that they have fill up bases in poland or not , it 's not going to change that . 
  i 'm the son of former combatant in the portuguese colonial wars and my father told me of the pains and horrors that he witness . 
  and that was for the most part a guerilla-type warfare .
