  good to know there 's someone else out there . 
  of course . 
  trump has made clearly that countries that reach the nato goals will have full commitment from the us . 
  i was referring to the ones that do n't . 
  that sephardic jew blood , mate . 
  how could you luxembourg !? 
  you are more similar to spain than to portugal !? 
  you little whore !!!, 
  we even call you little portugal . 
  not anymore we do n't !, 
  have the us any moral or legal obligation to send troops or equipment to the baltics prior to any attack from an outside-nato country ? 
  the us has any legitimacy to commit to nato has little has they want . 
  you do n't want to invest in your military , then protection has a price . 
  as someone who 's wearing a tie right as i type this , i can only thank you for your valuable contribution to humankind . 
  do croatians use old time checkered tablecloth as ties ? 
  nice to know . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm the coke dealer in my small portuguese village and all my costumers say i 'm the best at what i do , and because of my people skills they really enjoy the whole experience of purchasing coke , not only the high . 
  so i google searched europe 's cities that consume more coke to try to expand my business and now you guy are talking about getting shot ? 
  come on man , that shit ai n't right !!, 
   you wo n't get shot on the street in antwerp unless you want to sell coke , dont worry how can i not be worried ? 
  my business plans just went in to the gutter . 
  dutchbusters !, 
  just like in the good ol' times !, 
  yo netherlands , if you do n't start using some renewable energies you gon na need to make your dikes even bigger . 
  they wo n't be poor by portuguese standards . 
  see ? 
  problem solved . 
  high numbers of throat cancer patients . 
  this sort of bs of self-pity by some portuguese drives me crazy . 
  a lot of third world countries have nuclear plants and they run them well . 
  the blueprint on how to build and run a nuclear plant is already set and it is n't that hard to follow . 
  however , portugal has the capacity to use other renewable energies , as we have excellent conditions for hydro and solar plants and also have good conditions to wind , wave energy and biomass . 
  nuclear has an inherent risk that we simply do n't need to take . 
  plus to not talk about the economic viability of building a nuclear plant when solar technology is getting cheaper and cheaper . 
  at the time that i replied to his post it only had this `` hiv is one hell of a drug . 
  pneumonia , homosexual , drugs '' . 
  he added the other stuff later , so i was just reacting to a very broad generalization of the connection between homosexuality and hiv . 
   pneumonia , ** homosexual ** , drugs yes , another person that caught the gay and died . 
  if only we had conversion therapy in europe think on the number of lives that could 've been saved from this deadly disease . 
  call your doctor right away if you feel any symptoms related to homosexuality . 
  do n't talk back and mown my lawn or you wo n't see no dinero , ok . 
  they are n't !, 
   as a spaniard living in the united states go back to mexico !, 
  america for the americans !, 
  i found the difference between the two times . 
  no way !, 
  if kalinin was not the king , who was it ? 
  nothing like a cold brewsky in a hot antarctic summer day . 
  good weather for a refreshing beverage . 
   ~ ~ sweaters adidas track suits . ~ ~ vodka ftfy . 
  are you talking about the dutch supermarket company , right ? 
  those guys pay all the taxes that they are due in the netherlands . 
  no scamming !, 
  but was kalinin also the king of that mountain or what !? 
  this is confusing as hell . 
  so was kalinin viewed as king by germans to name their city in that way ? 
  sometimes you ca n't get your head around these complex geopolitical affairs . 
  yes , but sprinkled with sardines . 
  he 's joking about the cocktail . 
  is mikhail kalinin michael k\u00f6nigsberg in german and michal kr\u00f3lewiec in polish ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought last names were n't usually translated . 
  edit : grammar . 
  funny how languages work . 
  both start with a k , but the rest is so different . 
  the fifferent roots of languages are really showing here . 
  is that kaliningrad in german ? 
  are you saying that there 's more russia than the one that shows in the maps of europe ? 
  my whole life was a lie !, 
  delete your post now !!, 
  where 's russia ? 
  they are european too , right ? 
  time to blow up the bridges !!, 
  [ the english wiki article also referrers the referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vorarlberg ) :  `` following world war i there was a desire by many in vorarlberg to join switzerland . 
  [ 4 ] in a referendum held in vorarlberg on 11 may 1919 , over 80 % of those voting supported a proposal for the state to join the swiss confederation . 
  however this was prevented by the opposition of the austrian government , the allies , swiss liberals , the swiss-italians and the swiss-french '' . 
  obligatory https://youtu.be/8mwxeklwwsk, 
  that article really gave me all the necessary information i needed to answer the questions that arose from this post . 
  the northerners ' accent makes them use the `` b '' sound instead of the `` v '' sound . 
  so words like vinho ( wine ) turn into binho and so on . 
  but , even in the north is more used as a rural or informal speech , as people will not blatantly `` mispronounce '' words with `` v '' in formal occasions or when speaking to people from the centre/south , as they tend to be made fun of because of it . 
  so this is one of the big `` divisions '' between regions . 
  the way you basically dismantle most islamists terrorist cells in spain after the attacks of march 2004 is quite remarkable . 
  alentejo is our favorite region to make fun of . 
  every country has one . 
  ours is alentejo . 
  the jokes are usually about how they do things slowly . 
  rest all afternoon . 
  struggle with things that are common in the city ( aka lisbon ) , etc. 
  btw just noticed how you sneakily incorporated oliven\u00e7a into portugal . 
  you should be awarded the ordem do infante d. henrique just for that . 
  you made that `` without v sound '' line a bit lower than it actually is . 
  most people in the centre do n't use it ( only aveiro and viseu ) . 
  otherwise you golden . 
  sometimes you need to put your life in danger for the greater good !, 
  [ but i already know how to protect myself from a jam\u00f3n attack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxenemqlmk0 ) . 
   and just speak spanish at people , as is tradition sigh ... hola . 
  that does n't make it better !, 
  is not too much fun when a foreign finance minister start meddling into your internal affairs , is it germany ?
