  the basic principle of loan is that you must pay it back , which is what we are doing . 
  and let 's not forget that the one of the major factor in our crisis is the status quo of the euro . 
  iceland , the us , the uk and other states that lived above their financial means all go out more or less of the 2008 crisis . 
  only the euro countries are still struggling . 
  that 's a real union . 
  well , no refugee is spending 5000 dollars , crosses the sahara dessert and set foot in a barely afloat boat with another 100 people to come to portugal . 
  you are taking a huge lot of refugees because they come to your borders , if they all went to france or england , germany would n't care . 
  italy and greece are dealing with the immigration problem for years , but only now that they start to became a burden to germany is that your politicians start to have concerns . 
  so do n't take the higher moral ground , because you have none to take . 
  italian is very pleasing to hear , tbh . 
  and i can say that is my favourite . 
  i ca n't speak per se , but as romance language you can understand it pretty well ( contrary to french , which i had i school and ca n't understand rien , unless it 's written ) . 
  germanic languages are not very appealing to hear , i 'm learning german currently and it 's a pain in the ass to make some sounds and to read some combination words ( what a silly feature ... 
  ) , and slavics are a world apart , although serbo-croatian sounds very pretty to me . 
  no , there 's being a debate in the media and by politicians . 
  both the people and the government accept that portugal should have a share of refugees , since it 's a union problem ( some states still view the eu as sharing ground between nations , when anothers ... ) , but it 's common opinion that only a small part should be paid by us . 
  it 's not really our problem and we are in full austerity mode , so there 's no money to spare , specially when we are cutting left and right and people are passing a really hard time . 
  however if funds from the rich nations that now are being affect ( germany , england , sweden , etc. ), 
  comes the government accepts more refugees than our share and the plan is for them to be settle on some small towns . 
  this however will not solve the problem , imo . 
  most likely those immigrants would evade the camps , houses and go on route to england , germany , etc. , since that 's were they want to go and nothing will change that . 
  they do n't want to be in france , for christ 's sake , let alone portugal . 
  edit : grammar and typos . 
  barely any refugees are coming here . 
  morocco is a stable country and portugal is neither a entry point nor a wanted destination ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  yes , people do it a lot , but normally does n't have a another person as a target . 
  that 's considered very rude . 
  is more a expression of frustration towards yourself or some situation . 
  not for portugal , it is n't . 
  should we apply the same concept as we did in the euro crisis . 
  everyone should solve their own problems . 
  it 's seems that when the problem reach certain 3 countries it becomes a problem for the whole union , but when said 3 countries do n't get exposed is not really a problem that needs political will to be addressed . 
  most galicians i know are generally pissed with the `` spanish '' orthographical rules , because it does n't make justice to the language spoken by people that mostly speak galician , i. e. , people in rural areas and the south . 
  also a big number of academics are of the opinion that the second should be the official one . 
  some are even reintegrationists . 
  i use to think that they were just being assholes , but they really do n't understand us for the most part . 
  we have more or less the double of their phonemes , so even words that written are similar or the same , when spoken for them sounded not familiar at all and that 's why they , for the most part , ca n't understand us and we , on the contrary , easily pick out what they are saying . 
  these homeless should just fake an accent and said they are from syria . 
  house and pocket change in a few days . 
  the baltics according to russians : soon-to-be finland oblast soon-to-be norway oblast soon-to-be sweden oblast soon-to-be denmark oblast soon-to-be estonia oblast soon-to-be latvia oblast soon-to-be lithuania oblast, 
  i guess sometimes sharia law is good  . 
  no income tax , if republicans knew that , they would be so against it . 
  but how do muslim countries without oil revenue pay for hospitals , schools , etc ? 
  biggest vat 's ? 
  just curious . 
  sorry , but workers do n't pay tax in the uae ? 
  is an income tax a foreign concept to the middle east ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they are entry points to europe . 
  then they can cross to other countries , regardless of schengen or even eu membership . 
  they are immigrants crossing serbia , for example . 
  hangovered as a kid . 
  german flag checks out . 
  i know . 
  and i responded back . 
  that 's all . 
  you are missing the point . 
  it 's the stereotypical movie image of a slav , combined with the poor eastern europeans that came to western europe in the 90s . 
  it 's only a joke . 
  and i 'm portuguese , not brazilian . 
  as a slav yourself you should know . 
  my apologies . 
  post-soviet wannabe yanks . 
  no true slavs . 
  you see that they are n't slavs because they are wearing branded tracksuits . 
  a true slav wears a generic one . 
  the welsh disagree . 
  `` i do n't want to stay in greece , i wan na go to europe '' . 
  that sums it up perfectly . 
  immigrants are always welcomed if they are going to contribute to the country , if there 's a need for them . 
  the recent immigration crisis is not with those type of immigrants . 
  the majority are people that are only economic migrants that want to come to specific countries , as the calais camp as proven . 
  no one is escaping a war or fleeing an oppressive regime , otherwise they all would be settled in romania , bulgaria , italy or greece or other entry point . 
  they do n't want to stay even in france , because there 's not enough benefits . 
  they are in search of better work conditions , but they are not wanted , because there 's no need for them . 
  your case maybe be different , it 's only a matter any european school or employer wants you . 
  if they do , i believe most people would welcome anyone that is willing to contribute and have a positive impact in the economy/society . 
   this is the capital of scotland , glasgow love the banter . 
  i can barely understand anything . 
  my bet is that they are speaking ~ ~ geordie ~ ~ . 
  just read the title , it 's scottish . 
  so portugal is tied with bosnia ... yeah , it seems legit . 
  tell that to the countries that are profit with the crisis . 
  when , for some reason , they start being affect the reforms will come . 
  until then get used to see more dark hair europeans in britainland . 
  there 's a difference between spending cuts and tax increases and the austerity plans that germany is forcing upon those countries . 
  one thing is to stop borrowing money , repaying debts and reforming public spending , other is to cut indiscriminately , caring only too repay debts at all costs and neglecting the economy . 
  the latter is the current plan , which has been counter-productive , with unmanageable debt levels , given the huge fallout of the economy caused in no small hand by the austerity policies . 
  what you seem to fail to understand is that no-one is proposing a whole out spending plan and the state to invest heavily in the economy . 
  no , what people are advocating is for lesser cuts in spending than the ones that are currently being implemented and a smaller tax burden . 
  this will surely have a positive effect on the economy and with the natural rise the debts will be gradually be paid . 
  instead germany plan is for countries to pay as soon as possible , despite their economies keep plummeting and the debt cycle be something that will keep increasing . 
  and this coupled with the same currency , lack of investment by the `` lender '' countries is a sure recipe for disaster . 
  but ey , as long as we , germany , keep getting profits , let 's keep avoiding the underling problem with the euro and not addressing it . 
  yes , but then germany imposes austerity to countries in which their economy is down and goes to a `` lazy fucks that do n't work and want money from hard-working germans '' propaganda . 
  and let 's not forget that germany is in a common currency , reaping the beneficts of having it , but do n't want to make policies with the whole ez in mind . 
  germany investing ( on his own country ) may be the only thing that would make the euro savable in the future . 
  the current set-up sooner or later will collapse . 
  [ the obligatory reference . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/atheltic-bilbao-fans-arrived-at-budapest-829834 ),
