  get your priorities straight , mate . 
  just need to get him/her a cab from alfama to pavilh\u00e3o atl\u00e2ntico . 
   has this translated into public support for the government ? 
  yes , their support has increased . 
  hopefully not to much . 
  althought they did n't get the majority of the vote , they are in power because two left wing parties support them . 
  this has created a check and balance system that has been working quite well , as the government has to reach a certain compromise to remain in power . 
  hopefully this can continue into next elections in 2019 . 
  this is something that is not common in portugal and i personally hope that it continues , but if they get the majority of seats i fear that it will revert to business as usual for the major parties . 
  yes , like a fado singer . 
   speaking of eu , the process of becoming a member state is not something that you can do over a weekend . 
  any negotiations would be probably as much painful as those about brexit . 
  specially because spain would most likely block scotland as they want to dissuade their own regions to not break away . 
   galicia whose language is a mix between portuguese and spanish it is nothing of the sorts . 
  portuguese and galizian were the same language 500 years ago and now are to different languages , althought still very similar . 
  galizian is highly influenced by castillian , as this is the major language in spain and in many instances differs a lot from portuguese because of this influence . 
  but a mix between the two is one thing that they are not . 
  the drawings were only available to officers ( except genghis khan ) . 
  yes ... to protect women !, 
  fptp . 
  but if they had porn back then the number of rapes would n't be that high . 
  one of the reasons we never put much trust in the us . 
  more in the lines of if they are fascists , they sure wo n't aline themselves with communists and are valuable allies because of it . 
  an ex-colony full of european descendents that slowly are driving natives out of the land . 
  portugal was a founding member with an open and operational concentration camp . 
  nato really cares about democracy and freedom values . 
  fun fact : piada is the word in the brazilian language for joke . 
  greek looks so much better in the latin script . 
  the language of the undisputed leader of the pan-slavic movement back in the day ? 
  sorry , you failed your test . 
  it 's cheio ( full ) . 
  only if u/lionellempl knows the answer to this question : branco ou tinto ? 
  and be grateful for all those portuguese immigrants in france to raise your average . 
  our geography says western , but our wallets say eastern . 
  [ drink wine . 
  ] ( http://www.algarvedailynews.com/news/11467-portugal-leads-the-world-in-wine-consumption-per-head ), 
  that shit 's normal , already a steady economic factor in the national economy projections . 
  [ all i do is win !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggxzlronthu ), 
  exactly . 
  banter is always something you do when you like or have good relantionships with some people . 
  just tease the other when your are on top . 
  that kid stacks more paper to the ceilling and fucks more hoes than you do too . 
  it 's was the video refs that totally prevented english teams from winning all this year . 
  doubt it . 
  we do n't have the time to use letters from a second alphabet . 
  silly you . 
  you allied yourself with austria in a weeding , not a war . 
  good point, 
  but then how i would put my pair of 1000 dollars yeezys on ? 
  not doing that . 
  i might get diabetes and the doctor will take my foot . 
  better be safe an order the supersize menu at mickie d 's . 
  and waste 30 seconds in my order !? 
  what about my blood sugar levels !? 
  i might pass out in the meanwhile . 
  no way i take that chance . 
  reverse trianon !, 
  otherwise you would get regular sized fries with your order and starve . 
   france , work ethic ? 
  one of the richest and most industrialized countries in the world . 
  bunch of lazy wankers , amirite ? 
  aljubarrota has that effect on people ... hehehe, 
  yes , the great protestant work ethic of rich countries like austria , belgium , france or west and southern germany . 
  have you heard about lazyness ? 
  that 's a truly stopping force . 
  the problem will not be the location of the servers , but the content in itself . 
  let 's say netflix services will be slow down in the us . 
  they will lose money because us consumers would choose other service . 
  therefore we in europe will lose as well . 
  us market is huge in itself . 
  if spotify ca n't compete with itunes in the us because they can not pay to verizon to not slow down their servers they will maybe not able to afford the same libary as itunes . 
  therefore we as consumers in europe will be affected . 
  well we should get angry , because even if it does n't directly affect us , at least for now , it would affects us indirectly . 
  huge part of the content we use online is of us origin . 
  if certain companies ca n't compete with others that pay higher fees to isp providers than ultimately we will be affected as well as they will not have the same budget to develop or invest in new content worldwide . 
   before spain joined ftfy, 
  iberian peninsula rule the heat waves !, 
  in case of a nuclear emergency in which islamic terrorist can get an hold of us nukes and the us specifically ask for help they would intervene . 
  not only that the us would immediately send reinforcemeants from everywhere . 
  that have tone of bases in europe and the middle east , a huge fleet in the area and the isreal army that they can summon at any time . 
  have you ever heard about rigged elections !? 
  westminster has created a structure that does n't allow for true democracy to take place in cornwall . 
  that 's what the government propaganda machine wants you to think . 
  a big weight just got token out of my back . 
  i thought we need to make an invasion for `` educational purposes '' . 
  glad it was just a mistake ^ ^ ^ ^ grabs ^ ^ ^ ^ g3 . 
  that 's normal . 
  when a leader comes visit a breakaway part of their country they need to take extre measures to assure that everything goes smootly . 
  what 's up with y' all ? 
  we even manage to convince the aliens to get in our team and you go all weird and shit . 
  i vote for a pan-slavic union with a cool and fresh name , like union of the slavic sisterhood republics . 
   also , some times portugal will go `` wildcard bitches '' . 
  ch\u00c1 masterrace !, 
  [ wildcard bitches !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecryttfwl8q ), 
  ashamed that my country does n't recognize it . 
  i know that . 
  but the our standard naming costums of today were the same back then . 
  also today you can deviate from the normal rule if you want .
