  they can not sustain themselves . 
  either because of unemployment or low pay jobs . 
  for example a shitty apartment in lisbon costs around $ 400/500 . 
  the minimal wage is $ 530 . 
  utilities expenses are normally around $ 70 , plus $ 150 bare minimal for food and you see why is very difficult to start a family . 
  many people can not simple afford it , especially because you basically get no support from the state , a kindgarden is very expensive and even hard to open a vague sometimes . 
  all put together makes having a child simply not an option , especially because people do n't want to raise a child without conditions . 
  i view it differently , to be honest . 
  it 's more on the lines of there 's a problem and instead of resorting to the proper channels you just find a way around the problem and solve it . 
  like in the picture i showed . 
  they could have a proper way to put a sofa in the flat . 
  there 's companies that do that . 
  but because they did n't want to spend any money on it , they simply made some next-level improvisation and managed to put the sofa in flat anyway . 
  yes , i know . 
  however , there were plans to invest a lot in solar energy prior to 2010 , which was what i was referring to . 
  we clearly have the potential as a country to be economically independent in terms of energy . 
  it 's a matter of investment and organization of the system . 
  one of the things we were doing well prior to the crisis was our leading role in renewable energy implementation . 
  hopefully we gain retake those steps once our economy is on track . 
  i 'm not saying it depends exclusive on women , of course . 
  but many women do n't want to have children , either because they simple do n't to deal with a kid or because they want to pursue a career . 
  or in portugal 's case because most young people ca n't simply afford to have children . 
  for an individual woman no . 
  but for the whole of society , yes . 
  it 's nobody else 's business if a drunktard drinks himself to death . 
  your choices . 
  however , if 20 % of the population adopts such behaviour you have a problem in your hands . 
  same here . 
  having low fertility rates affects society in the long run , specially given our welfare state is based on replacement . 
  this means that you need to adopt policies to incentive women to have children . 
  if a particular woman does n't want to have it , she on her right and nobody can/should do nothing about it . 
  personal options will always be tolerated . 
  we capitalize all of our proper nouns . 
  months used to be capitalized , but after the orthography agreement with brazil it stop being mandatory . 
  adjectives are not capitalized , not even the ones related to nationality . 
  it rained quite a bit last week . 
  we made huge investments on renewable energies prior to the crisis . 
  if we had maintain the same level of investment we could be almost fossil-free , as we have good winds , nice rivers and a shittone of sun exposure . 
  nah , that 's not how it goes . 
  lack of planning is not desenrascan\u00e7o . 
  desenrascan\u00e7o is when some shit needs fixing and you do n't have the proper means/tools , etc. 
  and you find some sort of solution that works and you move on . 
  just portuguese things . 
  spain , because i would 've experienced a completely different culture . 
   if you go back far enough or if you go forward far enough . 
  one meter at a time . 
  portuganize - the act of improvizing a solution to any problem that may appear , also known as `` desenrascan\u00e7o '' ( disentanglement ) or macgyvernism . 
  britainize - to overcook the food . 
  bollocks !, 
  you failed the squatting test and got kick out of the club . 
  it 's ugly to spread lies on the internet !, 
  go back to mongolia filthy invaders !, 
   am currently starting to learn portuguese when you start with the verbs you going to regret it ... jk , good luck with that . 
  already knowing spanish is a huge help , as both languages have a lot of similarities . 
  most distant from all other major romance languages , not from latin . 
  some phrases and words are very close from portuguese , others are very very different . 
  spoken italian , spanish or french is more or less understandable for a portuguese , but romanian for the most part is just not . 
  for me , a romance speaker , romanian is very weird , as is the most distant major romance language there is . 
  written is clearly a romance language , but spoken sometimes it sounds close to italian , but a lot of times it sounds like some south slavic language . 
  [ this video here kinda shows that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzk9sceagnc ) some words sound so much like italian , but others have a pronunciation that completely differs from other romance languages and sounds kinda like serbian or soft ukrainian . 
   particularly the counting , which is identicalz huh ? 
  just checked a 1 to 10 counting and outside being a romance language , so the words for 1 to 10 have the same root , they pronounced it very very different from us , which is to be excepted given that we are literally in the opposites of the continent . 
  do n't give a flying fuck about it . 
  most songs are really bad , but sometimes you can watch it with friends and have a laugh . 
  that 's it for me . 
  the 3 euros ones are my favourite . 
  finland is already incorporated . 
   communism  hackers  vodka  anna kournikova, 
  no you could n't . 
  a terminal patient is someone who 's going to die in the near future , regardless of medical intervention . 
  her case is completely differen . 
  she could live for decades even though with a lot of pain, 
  life as value in its self . 
  that 's the basis of our legal system . 
  and i did n't say that euthanasia , which by the way is still only applicable in a number of countries , should be applicable in this case . 
  i 'm a proponent for euthanasia , but this a delicate case by itself . 
  a terminal patient with great levels of pain is one thing , as the the right of life colides with the right of living a dignify live and because life will end soon . 
  this however is different . 
  i 'm not saying it should not be given on this case , but is a very difficult to justify that this justify the going against the right of life . 
  this was my point . 
  you can kill yourself any time you want , no one is forcing you to live and suicide is not , compressively so , subject to no criminal proceedings . 
  the right to life , as the most important fundamental right or human right , as by its very nature protected by the law . 
  you can ask your friend to shoot you in the head because you are tired of living , but that does n't make that action nothing but a murder ( although with less severity in the criminal proceedings and the following sanctions ) . 
  the law legitimising the end of a person 's life by the hands of another person it has to have a serious and equal right or principle to be defended . 
  the safety , the right to not suffer , etc. 
  its not as easy as simple the `` obligation to live '' . 
  damn , that 's something that never crossed my mind . 
  allowing euthanasia for mental issues . 
  it may make sense , but tbh is kinda a shocker , since he always think about there 's a solution for those type of ilness , even if it 's really toughvto achieve . 
  in terminal patient euthanasia is one thing , in which i 'm for it , but in this types of cases really raises tough legal questions regarding the nature of the right of live and its boundaries . 
  ireland 3rd ... uk 5th ... 
  step your game up , chavs . 
  dude , salazar was og . 
  in power since the 20 's . 
  tito was just following the trends after wwii . 
  would n't that be true in the opposite , a basque native speaker moving to castile and having only castilian only schools ? 
  what the basque government needs to do is give more tutoring to those kids in order for them to not fall behind , in the same way that immigrant children are given extra classes on the language of the new country, 
  one of the few profession surnames adopted by the portuguese naming custom . 
  they have .
