  well , fuck you to , you leprechaun drunkards . 
  i would rather be called fascist slaver lazy leech than that . 
  i 'm ok with that , 
  do you also pronounce `` eu '' as `` io '' like those spanish traitors of romania ? 
  not hitler but more ~ ~ nazi ~ ~ germany that fallowed hitler . 
  ftfy, 
  you spanish whores !, 
  i think that was more regarding public baths , as they would have multiple people naked . 
  at least in portugal it is said that people toke baths quite often and that most houses had baths in it . 
  there 's also a lot o medieval pictures that shown that . 
  `` bunch of whiners '' ... we have a winner . 
  yes , most houses had a bath and because every one lived near a river water was n't something that was scarce , so you could toke as many bath as you like . 
  even regarding washing clothes there were a long tradition of washing them almost daily by women in the river . 
  that remain in the first half of the 20th century , prior to people move in masses to the cities . 
  in true galician is * cuarta-feira * !!!, 
  be a good catholic and remove all that paganism of your calendar that your castillians overlords force you to have . 
  use the right terms that were used prior to our independence , so they were use by both our people . 
  follow the lesson of s\u00e3o martinho de dume and get rid of that sinful pagan symbolism . 
  every time you use * m\u00e9rcores * saint james weeps a single tear . 
  actually , romans put baths in prominence in their culture . 
  you can always find public baths and lavatories in roman ruins through out the empire . 
  also for the arabs baths were of extreme importance in their culture . 
  so baths in the iberian culture at least were of extreme importance and people toke them quite often even in the middle ages , although they started to be taken at home instead of communal bath , since christian moral viewed those public baths as a indecency . 
  day ** s ** , you uncivilized beast . 
  that 's what being too far north for the romans gets you . 
  you are right . 
  i just glanced and did n't saw that the finns and estonians were in the same shade of blue . 
  bath day ? 
  you dirty nordics !, 
  easy there , russian fella . 
  rappers . 
  it has better lyrics than the actual anthem . 
  investment in banks so people could build more houses than it was needed . 
  other than that very little investment was made . 
  the euro was not beneficial for us . 
  i was think more north korea . 
  at least they know how to put a show . 
  it should be the other way around . 
  you need to be close to each other to share the warm . 
  yeah , that would be the ideal solution . 
  but i do n't think it will happen . 
  the blunt of the euro crisis has passed . 
  italy , spain , portugal and ireland are on the right track and their debts will soon be manageable . 
  if the period where those reforms where more needed did n't unite ez countries to make them , i do n't see any political will to implement such policies in the future . 
  misery and poverty we have plenty now . 
  the fact that escudo is not very valuable is actually good for the type of economy we have ( based on small service , tourism and small industry [ quality shoes , quality clothes , etc. ] ) . 
  it will help our exports , while not hurting our internal consumption ( we do n't have money too consume foreign products anyhow , you do n't see people buying new cars or changing iphones every year ) . 
  our major problem would be oil import , but we are already one of the leading european countries on renewable energies , so we can minimize that . 
  this would allows us to combat our biggest social-economical problem : unemployment . 
  the standard of living will not improve , since money would be less valuable , but we now can have more people with jobs by * de facto * cutting workers ' wages without them losing the basic standard of living ( there 's a reason why germany does n't increase wages , despite continually making billions in the euro-crisis ) . 
  also we would be tie free from most of germany/france economical policies , allowing us to address internal crisis in the best way for us , even if that goes against their interests . 
  people need to understand that for a country like portugal joining the euro was only a good economical idea so we could get cheaper ratings on loans to combat our economical delay that almost half a century of a fascist dictatorship put us in . 
  that proved to be more nefarious than good , and we can no longer boost our infrastructure like that , so there 's no point in remain in the euro . 
  hope he gets elected . 
  he 's one of the few practical , non-theoretical , leaders of a left party in a major european country . 
  you play the game with weapons that you have at your disposal . 
  i really hope than in 10/15 years , after we repay most of ( private ) bank 's debts we were forced to assume , that we leave the ez so we can get our country back on tracks . 
  hopefully in the meantime we would keep investing in alternative energies so buying energy would be such a burden then . 
  exactly the same in portugal . 
  anyone wrights in cursive , although no-one calls it this specific term , until like 11 or 12 y/o . 
  then teachers stop caring about this and everyone develops their preferences in writing , more often than not combing printing style with the cursive . 
  portugal was like : `` t\u00e9 ? 
  i 'm not drinking some hot water with leafs in it . 
  let me get my ship and navigate across the globe to get the real shit '' . 
  no nobody fucks with russia ... [ ^ ^ ^ yeah , ^ ^ ^ right ] ( http://cdn3.image.bored.com/thumbnails/because-russia__zero.jpg ), 
  because you touch yourself at night . 
  you have a pistol . 
  the maniac has an ak-47 . 
  good luck with that , bruce willis . 
  i do n't see most of those people risk 2 bullets to the head to save some millions . 
  when you kill your political opposition in broad daylight near the parliament you send a strong message to everyone involved in russia . 
  you can call it that to , although the first is more appropriate since it is a heraldry symbol and that 's the word you should use in english . 
  what you should n't call it is effin dominoes . 
  there 's also others : 3 on the each white ribbons ( ? ), 
  and 4 on the keys . 
  you ca n't make the flag of the head of the catholic church without tone of crosses in it , mate , 
  there 's a cross at the very top . 
   dominoes escutcheons ( escudos ) , please . 
  an hour after they blitzkrieg france , berlin would be erased from the map for some hundred thousand years . 
  a political movement . 
  one that goes to streets , starts debate in the public opinion and push their political agenda . 
  that is a dozen of people that share an idea and want to get together . 
  not what i was referring to . 
  i 'm an iberian since i 'm from the iberian peninsula . 
  but i do n't want to share in any way shape of from be share the same country with people from spain . 
  we can push for cooperation between the countries , like the benelux , and the european union project show that border and countries can not stop people for cooperating with each other . 
  but that does n't mean we need an iberian union to do that . 
  to each their own land . 
  you have to understand that talk about union coming from a spaniard is always something that portuguese ( in general ) will be very skeptical about . 
  we just need to look to our northern border to see how , even in a democratic spain of the 21st century , their identity is always threatened , even their own ( official ) language butchered . 
  had discussions with tones of spaniards , and the talk of iberian union often comes up , always this let 's complete spain , let 's get the missing part . 
  and always the capital is madrid , always the language is castillian , even for most the political system must be a monarchy , with the spanish king at the helm ( of course ) . 
  i bet you that does n't happen when spaniards go to france , you know your other neighbours , that you share a common language , cultural and religion . 
  try do guess why ? 
  there 's no practical reason for portugal to be united with spain . 
  none whatsoever . 
  we would lose the ability to decide our future for what ? 
  to became a minority in spain ? 
  the rest of the idealistic dream of iberianism has been already achieved with our inclusion in the eu and the schengen treaty . 
  you can freely study , live , work , marry , etc.
