  but ... mutti said she did n't like spies and sent a strong worded letter to obama ? 
  a litre of alcohol per guest ? 
  is that what a party for finnish first-graders ? 
  well , winter is coming and he needs to keep warm and happy . 
  another suicide in finland avoided . 
  wtf is that have to do with refugees ? 
  germany sends teens with drug problems all over europe for rehabilitation . 
  those kids just got exploited . 
  stop spread hate at every change you get . 
  do n't say that . 
  austerity is great . 
  the only way to inject some good ol' fashion protest moral to those lazy southerns . 
   historically , they 've just lucked out bigtime by being further away from russia portugal stronk . 
  for me in yt there 's normally an option to skip after 5 seconds and the unskippable ads are of 15 seconds , which is ok . 
  sometimes i get an unskippable ad of 1 minute , but it 's rare for me . 
  different countries , different ads , so i do n't know if my experience is the norm . 
  you develop different skills when learning a new language . 
  is not like that you could simple remove the time in class studying a second language and replace that with your area and be great at it . 
  you do n't see english natives being better at science than other countries , even when they did n't focus on a second language . 
  learning a second language devolps your brain to different though processes and helps you in other areas . 
  at least that is my experience . 
  reading in english , even technical english is n't that hard . 
  it takes time and effort , but it is managable . 
  there are other language way harder that you sometimes have to read a paper in ( like french ) . 
  writting yes . 
  but reading you get the used pretty quickly , especially , at least for romance speakers , given that it way more direct and professors do not mind to use the same words and expressions along the paper , thesis . 
  the british empire won ... do you mean the us ? 
  i 'm sure most people learned english from movies , tv , music and internet and to get access to them . 
  but hey britannia rule the waves and that is why a bulgarian farmer listen to michael jackson . 
  people complain about the quality of journalism , but do n't wan na pay for their services . 
  so their option is to show you ads . 
  i use adblock on sites i do n't trust or that are abusers of ads and pop-ups . 
  but on yt , journals and other websites that i value i turn it off . 
  they must get money to get good content and since for the most part i 'm not paying i do n't mind having a small ad before reading an article . 
  knowing multiple languages is actually very good for scientific stuff . 
  a language reflects the culture and the type of society , etc and that influences the scientist as a human being . 
  so being proficient in another language different from english allows you to think differently , to focus on different aspects and that is very good for science , especially if it is not a natural science . 
  your short commings in english are easily overcome given the access to online dictionaries , forums , etc. 
  but thinking in a different language allows you sometimes to express things that english natives have a difficulty to express and to `` think outside of the box '' . 
  given your other comment it was hard to get that you were using sarcasm . 
  you fought so much to neither be speaking polish or russian and now wan na speak english and remove all traces of your identity ? 
  go forward at will . 
  you honnorary chav tracksuit and cap are waiting for you keith butts . 
  what 's next ? 
  change your name to john smith and your regional capital to copensville , daneland county of the united kingdom of europe ? 
  i heard he is planning to change his name to antoine dodson , so hide your kids , londoners . 
  and sheep shaggers . 
  never forget sheep shaggers . 
  it could be worse . 
  you could be paying one of the highest amounts for petrol and have more or less the same salary that you have now . 
  does not negate the fact that you need to be a ballsiest individual to do what they do . 
   get the syrians to invade germany ? 
  that 's the plan . 
  [ we like to tackle bulls head-on ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/forcado_numa_pega_de_caras_no_campo_pequeno.jpg ), 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  it 's more about culture than genetics . 
  most celtic or `` celticied '' tribes in what is now portugal also adopt a different culture and language . 
  we ca n't call ourselves celts , despite genetically we are . 
  in the same way that a englishman ca n't call himself british ( in a sense of being descent of britons , not being born in the british isles ) . 
  they were the ones known as `` britons '' , so it 's fair to call them `` indigineous '' `` british '' people . 
  but regardless , i had put indigenous in quotation marks for a reason . 
  edit : typo, 
  the `` indigenous '' british people moved to wales , cornwall and brittany some years ago . 
  those czech ones makes ours look like a walk in the park . 
  damn !, 
  strc prst skrz krk ... fuck vowels , am i right ? 
  our prime-minister said that young people need to leave their confront zone and move abroad in search of job opportunities . 
  so kudos to those five innovative and dynamic young men . 
  government cuts are n't bad per se . 
  if they are made in `` superfluous '' areas and the gov. 
  is more efficient in their spending no one complains . 
  the problem is when you cut left and right . 
  the results are plain to see for everyone . 
  b-movie actor and women beater . 
  and portuguese , spanish , french ... 
  but i 'm sure germanic and slavic speakers have things that infuriate them immediatly . 
  i 'm just suprised he was n't shanked in the prison yet . 
  granda elefanto ... rapida aeroplano ... imediately wan na bunch the screen . 
   also sweden did not speak for europe neither does merkel . 
  portugal is south , but as the westernmost country in europe calling in the same map austria western and portugal south is a bit silly to me . 
  just show that this kind of maps change depending on the narrative . 
  there are maps where portugal appears as southern and austria as western ... 
  so , it changes whenever there 's a point to be made . 
  it was closest city to the border with russia ( kaliningrad oblast ) that i found in my highly researched 20 second google map analysis . 
  they can make your dream come true . 
  a nuke to \u0160ilut\u0117 is on its way ... 
  and you think english was highly used outside of the british empire ? 
  do you think a chinese and a japanese would use english to talk to one another ? 
  or a portuguese and an italian ? 
  saying that french was the * lingua franca * is correct , specially in europe , africa and americas . 
  french was the most used language to communicate and since most of people did n't travel more than 50 miles in their live , only the elites and traders did , and those usually communicate in french , specially the formers , you can say that french was the chosen language . 
  did the guide spoke in a celtic language also or did he used a corrupted latin language ? 
  for me celtic is new , i 'm all for the restauration of the pre celtic tribes and their languages . 
  down with the celtic invaders !!!, 
  in a way yes . 
  although brazil does n't have the same sphere of influence as portugal as in portuguese speaking countries in africa or asia . 
  the gallecian-lusithanic confederation is a catchy name . 
  we need to get some flag/symbol from the roman times for the union and each republic maintains their flag for internal affairs . 
  culture in terms of general culture . 
  pop is culture .
