  but more cooperation especially on the european level would be great . 
  nah ... we actually want to win the cup and not been kicked out right after the group stages . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ smugface . 
   philip i ftfy, 
  you should the blame on the germans themselves, 
   old neighbours josef sends his regards . 
  although galegos have similar language and share some cultural aspects with the nortern communities in portugal they are a different people with different way to see the world than . 
  800 , 700 , 600 we may have been the same people . 
  but today we are n't . 
  portugal has contrary to most european countries a long history of sense of nationality and community that contributes for what we are today . 
  a strong homogenous group of people who identify first and foremost by their nationality rather than region , religion or race . 
  creating a fiction country based on some medieval roots that we shared together would n't work , imo . 
  of course there 's zero chance . 
  they have their own identity and we do n't have enough connection to make a country together . 
  one thing portugal has is that it 's very united in its ethnic and cultural composition . 
  adding galiza would only disrupted that . 
  if they gain independent from madrid it 's to firm their own country not to join ours . 
  i do n't want that shit desert clay . 
  oliven\u00e7a and galiza are more than enough, 
  you said what , caralho ? 
  pay your fucking denbts you lazy munchers . 
  your money is fine , it 's you who is the problem . 
  this guys gets it . 
  we introduced the consumption in large scale , but tea already existed and most likely the word was already established so probably there were no reason to change the name . 
  well , that is my reasoning . 
  not that i have any knowledge in the matter . 
  according to this it got it from cantonese ( which would make more sense given the area where portuguese were making trade ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3f70ye/the_word_for_tea_in_various_european_languages/, 
  we got the word directly from cantonese , given our trade routes in macao and in the south china sea . 
  actually we are the ones that spread the word to india . 
  there a middle ground between stimulus and austerity . 
  nobody 's asking for the german tax payer to inject money into our economies . 
  the simple thing to is to not bail out banks without a severe haircut on risk investors and to not implement austerity measures that completely ampared any economy recovery . 
  that the german government has fought against with all its strength and has done really warm not only to the economy of in debt countries but also to the whole euro zone . 
  the normal german was feed the bullshit news of they are living like kings , of welfare and retired at 45 and for the most part they bought that idea . 
  that 's how it was sold . 
  we still have that cunt schaeuble giving us shit and calling for more austerity to pay for debts of private banks that for the most part have high risk debts . 
  this after almost a decade of recession and austerity . 
  and this after watching the us and iceland going for other route and having recovered from the crisis . 
  yes . 
  let it flow ... 
  i do n't know german . 
  plus this a joke . 
  let me guess . 
  baillout the italian banks in order to save the german banks that loaned money to the italian banks . 
  basically making the italian taxpayer to pay for foreign creditors . 
  same old story right . 
  this combined with a moral high ground of you should n't spend more than you earned . 
  hahaha . 
  stop fucking live above your means you fooking south europeans leaches !!, 
  europe for the europeans !!!, 
  go back to your shit island !!, 
  still < 3 u , bae, 
  do n't forget their other big culinary invention : the croissant . 
  that was just in poland . 
  people tend to go wild on poland . 
  it does n't count . 
  what happens in a war in poland stays in poland . 
  i 'm sure dur\u00e3o barroso is really there because he knows from professional experience how the rating of countries work . 
  given his law degree and political career he 's clearly well versed in macroeconomic problems . 
  nothing to do with years of scratching gs back or anything . 
  jobs for the boys . 
  after all the swedinstan jokes i would assume sweden were almost pitch brown . 
  sure you are , alemanha . 
  sure you are . 
  do you tyskland ? 
  we certainly were . 
  that necktie by collins was a pen . 
  the germans would give the tanks and the polish the ~ ~ infantry ~ ~ canon fodder . 
  yeah ... 
  nothing to do with the massive dump you took before . 
  shh ... 
  i refuse to learn a language created in the basement of some polish wanker . 
  i 've zero idea what sadpanda is and from your post i do n't think i 'm going to search for it . 
  and spain would block its airspace just to piss you, 
  on mobile , so i ca n't see your flair , but by your post i immediatly see that you are from my only neighbouring country . 
  yes , join the army to be sleeper agents . 
  yes . 
  all according to the plan . 
  as 20 % of the population is of portuguese descent i vote for annexation to protect the endangered minority , \u00e0 la russia . 
  it 's in various news outlets in portuguese , inclusive the one empirestateofmadness posted . 
  they are in portuguese however . 
  that 's good . 
  i 'm not very well informed on how radiation works . 
  the scary thing is that this nuclear plant is located by the tagus river and the refrigeration system has showed a lot of mishaps and malfunctions . 
  if shit hits the fan a good 1/3 of the portuguese population ( 3 to 4 million people ) are at immediate risk . 
  you win ones , lose others . 
  the republic 's assembly , in the terms of the n.\u00ba 5 of article 166 . \u00ba of the constitution , recommends to the government to take action with the spanish government and the european institutions in order to proceed with the closing of the nuclear plant of almaraz , located in spain , at 100km from the border with portugal , as this plant does not has the necessary conditions to operate , having failed the resistance test made by greenpeace , as well has it should already been closed in 2010 , as it already reached the service life for the nuclear plants of this type . 
  not really . 
  you are confusing sarcasm with trolling . 
  i guess we learn a new thing every day . 
  always thought that the americans basically enter the war and won by themselves, 
  i actually do . 
  of course the french are n't a playable faction . 
  having the ability to surrender as a special ability is n't very appeling for the players . 
  i think reddit is the right place for you . 
  real one , aka cakeday , or the meaningless one , the one in irl, 
  some say she would be raped when the court hearings were taking place too . 
  also in the drive from jail to court and the drive back to jail . 
  do n't you have another president to depose or something ? 
  who would 've thought .
