  and they did n't even pay you tribute and vasalage by being in nato . 
  ungrateful bunch, 
  deal . 
  as long as we do n't bring any tapas i 'm all on board, 
  western romania ? 
  that why you are sending all those hords of sleeper agents ? 
  i said was n't defeated in the manner they were . 
  plenty of historical instances were the defeated country did some awful things and were n't made to assume the responsabilities of their actions in the same manner as germany was made to be a countable for . 
  you do n't have to look further than turkey being defeated in wwi and was n't condemn for the genocide of many christians in anatolia, 
  that 's actually a valid point . 
  i doubt that if germany was n't defeated that way it was we would see such a level of recognition, 
  oh internet , never change, 
  european cooperation . 
  it brings a tear to my eye . 
  [ last photo ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/012/screen_shot_2015-05-12_at_3.31.31_pm.png ), 
   walmart , target get outta of here with your commie talk . 
  the only thing that american stores can have on its roofs are empty beer cans , shotgun shells and a half-decomposed hobo corpse . 
   residents in vilnius are among the most satisfied in europe . 
  of course , the unsatisfied ones already put a noose around their necks . 
   is a pizza chef and does n't earn enough ** dough ** to pay maintenance as the divorce ruling states , $ 300 monthly . 
  how could they miss this opportunity . 
  that 's why today 's journalism is going into the gutter . 
  you kinda did sent c\u00e9line dion once . 
  never again !!, 
   johnny sins why did i fucking google that . 
  god damn !, 
  first you need to apply and do well in eurovision . 
  only then we may accept you . 
  go back to india !, 
   america fought the islamic terrorists in iraq for 8 years after they installed a ~ ~ democratic ~ ~ pro-american government . 
  ftfy, 
  western europe stronk !, 
  suck it eastern europe, 
  compared to what germany was and what it lost after wwii , it was n't that much of territory . 
  also all of it were disputed historic lands with neighbouring countries . 
  the sentiment of lost territories led to the rise in patriotism and was one of the reasons which contributed to rise in popularity of the nazi party . 
  but the ordinary citizen knew fairly well that the invasion of poland was n't to reclaim only the lost territories . 
  and when germany went to war against russia it was n't definitely to reclaim any border dispute and people were very supportive with the invasion of ussr and morale was very high among germans as multiple accounts suggest , even most soldiers thought they would conquer moscow in only a few months . 
  the lebensraum policy was one of the major ideals of the nazi party from the get-go and the german people directly or indirectly support it . 
  there were very public plans of resettlement of germans settlers in the east , etc. 
  revoking the oder-neisse border were in fact impossible , given that poland had lost eastern territories to the ussr and the removal of germans was one of the things that most polish view as a good thing in becaming a communist countries and allied with ussr . 
  the ussr would n't give a huge source of support in establish a communist for little gain . 
  after 1990 , regardless of european integration , you had 0 shot of reclaim any territory . 
  not with france , for obvious reasons has they have a far superior military , but not even with poland as the us would n't allow you to comprise the process of `` de-communization '' of eastern europe . 
  you did n't lost that much of territory after versailles ( mostly to poland and the return of disputed territories to france and belgium ) and we have to have in mind that with was common practice for the losing side to award territory to the victors , even though after wwi the age of empires in europe was over and ethnic lines were starting to be taken in consideration when borders were awarded from the loser to the victor . 
  but of course , the rest of the sanctions imposed by the treaty of versailles clearly contributed to the dismantlement of weimar 's republic and the construction of the third reich . 
   the only reason i do n't go full revisionist on that , is because of the european integration that and because you lost most of your territory after trying to eliminated and enslave half of eastern europe . 
  those kind of actions have consequences and germans have n't anyone to blame but themselves for allowing that party to rose to power and happily participating in the lebensraum policies . 
  civil law masterrace !, 
  remove precedents !, 
  portuguese usually swear out loud a lot . 
  which it 's pretty funny . 
  other than that i ca n't recall any particular thing that can tell them apart from other tourists . 
  that is what we want you to think . 
  [ mate ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ), 
  i cut myself on that edge . 
  if you did stole natas ' recipe , we would have no choice other than to invoke article 5 and wwiii would inevitably take place . 
  that secret needs to be protected at all costs . 
  yes , the recipe of [ past\u00e9is de nata ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pastel_de_nata ) , which a very popular egg tart pastry . 
  most of the song is the ingredients and the recipe , with a bit of how she enjoys making it them and the chorus is something as `` give me cream and butter . 
  it does n't matter if it 's in the morning or at night , winter or summer . 
  cream and butter , please . '', 
  that 's one of the very few crimes for which we have n't abolish the death penalty . 
  which is more than reasonable . 
  what the fuck i just saw ? 
  a poem compressed in one word . 
  if its their orthography and grammar and the language is presented as brazilian portuguese i 've zero problems . 
  if it 's just moniker as portuguese , i get triggered . 
  just change bom dia with caralho , and you are set to go . 
  [ you ask and you shall receive . 
  ] ( http://static.sportskeeda.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/ricardo-1412612691.jpg ), 
  i demand reparations !, 
  [ if you pass the test . 
  is in alabama , so i automatically assume it is . 
  birmingham , alabama , united states of america = birmingham , england , united kingdom . 
  it already reached portugal in the last decade . 
  a lot of new buildings have those , which are really practical . 
  oh yeah , we are definitely the more introverts of the bunch . 
  portugal the lithuanian iberians and lithuania the portuguese balts . 
  yeah ... we have tones of similarities , like ... huh ... we are christian countries ... we have cooked dishes ... our flags have the same colours ... you see . 
  best buddies . 
   especially considering they sent infant children to die in siberia your former facebook friends are assholes . 
  lithuania , of course . 
  is whites better ? 
  all white people look the same to me . 
  barroso in a nutshell . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  do n't think we could compete with the uk , germany or even belgium . 
  but we could go around that by buying machinery and improving our industry . 
  we simply did n't invest as our nobility still had the control . 
  yo , navarra , nice one . 
  well , those spices can be very explosives . 
  thanks  . 
  too lazy to read it a second time before pressing enter . 
  thanks  . 
  funnily enough serbo-croatian is one of the most melodic languages for me . 
  remember 90 's wars documentaries and the people were spoken about terrible things , but it sounded so nice . 
  weird . 
  the elite was content with the money that came from the colonies . 
  they simply did n't invest like other countries did .
