  you ca n't force anyone to have children , at least in a country that follows the rule of law . 
   european politician henry loops prefers the second option : `` we need to implement a system throughout europe in which it is mandatory to have a minimum number of children . 
  of course , the amount will depend on the income of the parents . 
  we will have to use law enforcement to make this requirement work . '' i hereby sentence you to fuck . 
  it 's the thought that counts, 
  that 's right !, 
  i was thinking about portuguese history proper and did n't even cross my mind about lusitania . 
  we kinda just appropriated that heritage and said the hell with the extremadurians lol . 
   probably the closest spanish city to portuguese history may i ask why ? 
  do n't really see m\u00e9rida as close to the portuguese history , but i may misremember something . 
  but regardless , appreciated gesture nonetheless . 
  even in these series of alternative flags , the portuguese flag is immediatly recognizable . 
  kudos to us !, 
  i know the spanish anthem lyrics by heart !, 
  the german army never had the chance to knew the weather in moscow . 
  never understood why the serbs get all the accolades . 
  we are og 's . 
  i know what you mean , buy you have to include english as it is spoken as a first language in gibraltar . 
  hey !, 
  stop that !, 
  now i have full wood at work !, 
   the president 's role is mostly cerimonial . 
  his only real power is dissolving parliament if he wants . 
  it 's not mostly cerimonial . 
  he can veto laws ( althought no with definitve effect , as he is mandate to sign them on a second round ) , we can send laws to be analyzed by the constitutional court . 
  plus all the international treaties and agreement he has to sign them , so he can refuse it and so those are not applicable to portugal until he does . 
  also he 's a lot of soft power as he can influence certain action by government and all . 
  call it a cerimonial role is not correct . 
  he 's a significant power under the constitution . 
   rare not rare at all , though . 
  plenty of common folk use two surnames to go by , even if one it 's the mother surname . 
   it was done that way to be compatible with europe for safety reasons . 
  thank god for brexit . 
  no longer will the british people be forced to comply with the wimps of a brussels burocrat !, 
  but do n't you miss those sweet days where you just come home full of pride and joyness after a hard day of oppression and exploitation ? 
  now i find myself more often than not just looking aimless at the sea reminiscing of those old days . 
  definitely not if you are at war . 
  the absence of natural barriers is replaced by piles of corpses . 
  the expression was at war with x , implies that y start the war or the provocations that lead to the war and because of this that some blame in the start of the war . 
  this was n't the case . 
  for yugoslavia it was simply an attack of foreign agression made by the only global superpower in the post-cold war to estabilish its political goals by starting a war , and it was based on false pretexts . 
  the same was done again a few years later with the iraqi war . 
   few countries that was at war with nato it was actually the other way around . 
  it was nato that was at war with yugoslavia ( at the time it was the official name of the country , although only serbia and montenegro remained ) . 
  if you want your food to taste british . 
  do n't worry lidl ca n't compete with walmart . 
  they do n't sell ammo . 
  my mothers surname is quite rare for a surname and i do n't think i ever met a person with it ( last surname at least ) . 
  but that 's not the case for my father surname which is quite common . 
  portuguese people have very little variation on surnames . 
  fernandes , rodrigues and garcia ( the portuguese equivalents ) are very very common in portugal . 
  sanches not that much . 
  you met people with same surname as you constantly , to the point that people quite often use two surnames ( mother and father ) to distinguish themself , especially on the professional field . 
  and because of it is that a person like him would be terrible for that job , as he would - with more power - do try to benefict their country to the maximmum , assuring that way that we would continue in power , either in the eu , given the weight of germany , or back to national-level politics . 
  we need someone who sees the big picture and schaeuble is a small minded person as they come . 
  ... so sexy it hurts . 
  already have a bear in the flag . 
  i can see the connection . 
  the lack of a [ napron ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lbbdivzny54/uq7krmvsjli/aaaaaaaafja/zdhhz9lxxla/s1600/napron.jpg ) anywhere in the picture infuriates me !, 
  that 's why trump is pissed about germany . 
  you need to know your place . 
  move to a smaller building asap . 
  they only use it to piss off russians . 
  in english the former german towns that are now in poland are mentioned by their poland names , and no one goes and says it 's danzig and not gdansk . 
   they are natives only in india , mate . 
  close to 800 years ago , yes . 
  are the basques the only natives in europe in your book ? 
   well it 's not like there are many natives left not even taken into consideration the millions of natives that still exist , the vast majority of most south american countries population is of mix ( mestizo ) descent ( ie . 
  mix between natives , whites and sometimes blacks ) . 
  natives were n't wipe out , they simply mixed with the european colonists . 
  yes . 
  the one before is son dtj assumes the regency after trump perishes in battle in the conquest of canada . 
  and catch a virus because of all those peasants that ride the metro ? 
  it is essential that all goes well and we win another ev . 
  that 's the new portugal . 
  winning all day , every day . 
  if it means go over the budge by 5.6 % by booking a cab . 
  basically italian without the hand gestures , which make it unintelligible to italians . 
  dude , that 's basically the future when iraqi migrants will be the majority and rename germany as iraq , after trump nukes their original homeland in his 4th term . 
   iberia hispania . 
  do n't use filthy greek terms in here , please . 
  german efficiency . 
  well that 's normal . 
  ordnung ca n't sein if you are wasted . 
  but italian comes very natural when you are drunk . 
  just do that hand thingy and you will get by incredibly . 
  they did well in staying away from government . 
  they are clearly compromising in most of the issues because they are only in the parliament . 
  if they were in the government their minister would had to push his agenda at least on his area and most likely ps could n't accept that / or it would clash with another minister agenda/policy . 
  that way they assure that the system works without clashes . 
  all parties are making compromises , but they avoid direct confrontations as they have very different views between the 3 parties in several issues . 
  it can , but i fair that the average voter will see this a great job by costa and vote ps because of it . 
  generally people tend to vote on people , if they like what he says or has done . 
  if ps wins majority , i have my doubts that this conciliation type of governance may not be followed in the next legislature . 
  our youth must be kept pure if britain is to be great again . 
  and that certainly ca n't be achieved by learning and watching such deviations . 
  have trust in your leaders . 
  strong and stable . 
  of course . 
  you may be doing terrible activities there , like watching porn .
