sure they do . 
  i 'm familiar with the story . 
  just think that is na\u00efve to say the least that a high official would n't attend a voting because he was feeling pressured , because he was being bribed with souvenirs . 
   cuckoo clocks and black forest ham and i bet most of the german people ate that story . 
  [ well ... , it 's a great song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqrapozxgzu ), 
  and you will do what every migrant/refugee does . 
   even though they are the ones causing the problem by importing all these people yes , italy should stop importing immigrants . 
  those ad campaigns of `` get a floating piece of rubber in lybia and sail to italy '' need to be cancel . 
  perfect for whom ? 
  who would pay for those houses ? 
  how would those people find any type of job in a 23 % unemployment country ? 
  not a job , though . 
  it 's basically a rich kids ' game , played in private schools and universities ( mostly public ) . 
  it enjoys a degree of popularity in the lisbon area . 
  when portugal is playing it has a good follow up by the people , but other than that is not a very watched/followed game , despite portugal having a good deal of success in the second tier of europe 's rugby . 
  so england is a celtic nation like portugal ... yeah . 
  what 's up , bro ? 
  * `` stop protesting austerity and get ready to take some migrants that entered germany '' , a german minister warns the irish government . 
   by the 11th century , remaining celtic-speaking populations had split into distinct groups : the welsh in wales , the cornish in cornwall , the bretons in brittany , and the people of the hen ogledd ( `` old north '' ) in southern scotland and northern england . 
  sure you are descent of the britons . 
  like the americans , you are 1/32 briton . 
  did n't used to have several people receiving calls about pizza orders ? 
  you do n't see it many pizza companies having the same numbers of telephone receptionists as before . 
  and there 's plenty more examples . 
  you do n't seem to have a clue how the future is shaping up . 
  google how automation is making less people being need to do certain jobs . 
  did n't you used to order your pizza via a phone ? 
  now you use an app . 
  today a guy with a computer can do the job of 20 that used to work in 90 's and sometimes you do n't even need a guy , the computer is fully operational . 
  that 's the future . 
  unskilled labour market is already strained . 
  economy has changed though . 
  far less jobs available with modern technology . 
  that 's why the ones that should face heavy fines and possible lose government contracts should be the employers . 
  easier to process and way more effectively as people will think twice before hiring a illegal immigrant . 
  it also helps with maintain the welfare state , since those immigrants that have to do some jobs ( because locals will not ) will be legal ( with a contract is half way for the government to give someone a visa ) , have rights and make discounts that help everyone down the line , instead of just a single exploitive employer . 
  mate , just because you have money does mean you are highly educated . 
  let 's say a shop owner or factory owner . 
  that requires very little skill or education , more about connections and entrepreneur spirit . 
  they came to austria without money . 
  can they build a similar business ? 
  most likely not ( outside of restaurants , etc. ) . 
  then what can they do if not unskilled labour ? 
  many syrians are in fact highly educated , but the majority are n't . 
  they were a oppressed third world country , which means that the majority of people is n't highly skilled , they were just common folk . 
  refugees can work after their asylum claim is accepted . 
  there are programs to facilitate with job hunting and all . 
  it cut costs , its a good way for integration and for them to gain skills to come to their countries . 
  it 's a basic human right and it 's also stated in the 1 [ 951 refugee convention , in articles 17 , 18 and 19 . 
  i think you failed to understand that the employers do n't usually share their gains from cutting costs with labour with the replaced workers . 
  the wealth gap is rising at such a pace and you do n't see the common citizens with more money on their wallets . 
  wonder why . 
  but if you would be so gentle to enlighten me on how employment works , this simple mind is all ears . 
  edit : typo, 
   immigrants do n't take jobs . 
  how do you think jobs work ? 
  a job is something you do , not something you have . 
  more people means more jobs being done , more people needing those jobs to be done etc. 
  in portugal there 's currently 13 % unemployment , 20 % if people did n't move aboard . 
  amazing how jobs did n't appeared out of thin air given that 13 % of the active population is looking for one . 
  you should be our minister of economy you would solve our crisis by simple bring more people and your new radical concept that ` more people means more jobs being done ' . 
  i ca n't for the life of me understand why china and india export workers and do n't import no-one . 
  have n't they listen of this new concept of importing people and the jobs will come ? 
   and why should i be any happier about you or your kid taking ` my ' job than someone from somewhere else on a map ? 
  i have the same rights as you - assuming you are from a eu country - as a worker . 
  that 's is a privilege everyone enjoys if they are a eu citizen . 
  movement of people . 
  if your country wants immigrants from outside the eu they are free do welcome them , no-one will stop them . 
  edit : typo, 
  do i need to say it again ? 
  it 's not the culture , religion that i 've fear that we will have trouble with . 
  it 's the economical side of things . 
  if the uk is fine and can manage to receive more refugees , because there 's jobs for them , fine . 
  i 've no problem with it . 
  just leave the other countries that ca n't alone . 
  we take a small number , because those are the ones that we can take . 
  but you see that this thread and a few other , and the german , austrian , etc. 
  government are pushing the refugees that are in there borders to other countries that ca n't take these people in . 
  there a reason that they are packing calais or going to germany and are not going to eastern europe and we all know why . 
  for me is not a problem of destroying the european culture . 
  is a economical problem . 
  i 'm not far-right , i 'm centre-leftist , but that does n't mean that we on the left should failed to see that we can not possible integrate so many people . 
  jobs in the future will be scarcer . 
  more and more jobs are being replace by machinery/software . 
  you used to have to talk someone to order a pizza , now you fill a order in the internet . 
  one of the main factors that europe is losing population is the difficulty of finding a job and the difficulty of maintaining one , and the precariousness of most jobs ( you used to have a indeterminate contract . 
  know you sign for one year ) . 
  it 's hard to raise a family in these circumstances . 
  receiving a wave of people will only increase the problem , not solve it . 
  but also there will be a integration of immigrants in terms of culture , etc. 
  but i think we can surpass that and integrate . 
  as i say it 's the economical impact that worries me . 
  i 'm not talking about send them back . 
  that would be illegal and immoral . 
  but they came from neighbour countries . 
  so instead receiving all , let 's work and help those countries and push for a solution for syria in the meanwhile . 
  and btw talk is cheap , how much are you willing to pay for it ? 
  if the austrian gov. 
  decided to raise taxes by 20 % , stop free healthcare , full-paid education , in order to help those migrants , to you still have the same talk ? 
  there 's what ... , 2 billion people living blow the poverty line ... we can help everyone .
