  ai n't supportive of nothing . 
  it 's just how thing are and were . 
  we just try to pretend that they are not . 
  they should have asked westerners . 
  we usually are the most efficient in that . 
  union . 
  not part of . 
  same king . 
  different countries . 
  it 's the oldest law there is . 
  military force . 
   galician is a dialect of spanish source ? 
  lol, 
  educate yourself . 
  portugal was never part of spain , so to take back you need to have it first . 
  portuguese is a dialect of spanish in the same way that spanish is a dialect of portuguese . 
  finland lost territories . 
  only natural that people left them . 
  this is what happens in any war . 
  heard of englishfication , francification , germanification , etc. ? 
  you do n't see hear a lot of irish or welsh and neither occitan . 
  they took it back . 
  lawful russian territory now . 
  estonia is not habited by a majority of russians . 
  historical ties are important . 
  crimea only ties with ukraine was a wish of khrushchev when ukraine and russia were the same country . 
  first those are native russians speakers . 
  second , ethnicity is a arbitary concept . 
  you count germans as one ethnicity , despite they speaking dilects of german that sometimes are almost unintelligeble among themselves . 
  but you do n't that for spanish , for example . 
  even though there are many catalonians , galicians , etc. 
  that have spanish as their mother tongue . 
   percentage of speakers of a language means absolutely nothing without ethnicity plenty of afrikaners can claim `` pure '' dutch bloodline , but they are not dutch . 
  when a 3rd generation dutch of indonesian descent can call himself dutch , even if he is n't ethnic dutch . 
  so no , ethnicity does not mean everything . 
  sometimes is more than enough to born in a certain place and speak a certain language . 
   even much smaller countries have those . 
  portugal , for instance . 
  80 % russians speakers . 
  that says something , even if they are not ethnic russians . 
  ukraine is n't fighting a war over crimea . 
  crimea did n't join russia after the ussr breakup because of the fear of instability and wars over borders all over the union . 
  a country that size of russia is bound to have many accents and different cultural background even if you only take the russian ethnicity in consideration . 
  but they view themselves as russians in the same way that germans identify as germans first and [ insert region outside bavaria ] second or americans instead of californians . 
  90 % russians . 
  historical russian territory . 
  seems completely unconnected to russia . 
  one thing is to be ethnic english . 
  another is to be english national . 
  when you say english people you ca n't exclude the latter . 
  plus many none whites are ethnic english , being `` mix-raced '' and all . 
  only white people can be english/british . 
  good to know . 
  the french has the best lyrics/melody combo , with russian as a close second . 
  and i kinda like the spanish one , although i should hate it , imperialistic pigs . 
  galician is very close to portuguese , more than castillian , for sure . 
  galician-portuguese was the language a unified language some 500 years ago , and today many view both as dialects of the same linguistic continuum . 
  so the comparison is justifiable . 
   i find that catalan is much more related to portuguese than spanish is from the portuguese perspective castillian is more close . 
  catalan has more nasal sounds than castillian so it would be more familiar , but i can tell you from experience , as i been in catalonia two times , that i barely understand people when they speak catalan , but understand everything when they switch to castillian . 
  maybe is just a matter of exposure , but i think is more about portuguese and castillian coming from the same branch of ibero-romance opposed to occitan-romance . 
   go to the vicentina 's coast . 
  the water will be colder , that 's the atlantic coast another portuguese who thinks the south coast of algarve is in the mediterranean ... * sigh *, 
  i 'm waiting to see if they can reach an agreement or not . 
  right now i hopeful they can . 
  for the first time both be and cdu actively tried to be a part of government , which shows that they are willing to collaborate and negotiate . 
  but let 's wait and see . 
  the thing is that if foreigners are needed , which is the case for those `` dirty jobs '' , the country should welcome them and give them a residency card . 
  that way you protect the foreign worker against exploitation and also protect the workers in general and the welfare system . 
  this however is a way for big business that support the major parties to control workers wages and up their profit margins . 
  just see the way illegal immigrants are such a blantant reality of very day work in the us and the government do very little , allowing for wages in some sector to reduce exponentially , `` otherwise i 'm getting an illegal '' , and the companies can exploit the shit out of the illegals . 
  i completely get the illegals perspective . 
  a year of shitty salary in germany is probably equivalent to 4 years in their country . 
  governments should tackle the problem of illegals not by deporting them , since there is a need for them , but by persecuting the employers , forcing to have legal workers , foreign or not . 
  psd chose to have stability , yes . 
  ps is advocating the same . 
  saying if we ca n't make government . 
  we let p\u00e0f govern , and let the budget pass if x , y and z are there , so it would be a matter of negotiation like it happens in all of europe , more used to rule in minority governments . 
  if ps forms a government and then the parties can not longer reach a common goal , i 'm all for new elections , as we do n't have stability in the government . 
  if they manage to hold it together , let them govern , because they hold the majority of the parliament and have that right . 
  again with this won the elections thing . 
  they were the most voted party , yes . 
  they should be allowed to form government , right . 
  when they present their program onto the assembly the majority can vote it down . 
  simple as that . 
  and psd did n't allow anything in the 2009 ps gov. 
  they could n't form government , because they and cds did n't have the majority and could n't , for obvious reasons , ask be or cdu to join in . 
  so they could n't do nothing , only to let the budget pass . 
  ps said after the elections that if they could n't reach an agreement with be and/or cdu they would p\u00e0f be government and let the budget pass if it reach some points that were essential for them . 
  a minority gov. 
  of p\u00e0f would mean very little unless they changed their policies . 
  which they are not willing to do so , as stated by coelho . 
  a few measures here and there , but essentially the same austerity plan they run in their campaign . 
  ps , be and cdu are against it , even if they did n't reached an agreement , so i do n't see how a minority government of p\u00e0f would be able to implement their plan . 
   the portuguese voted for 3 different parties not one left coallition like in 2011 when psd runned without cds and after make a pos-electoral coalition that formed government for 4 years ? 
  the legitimacy to form government comes for having more deputies that any other political force . 
  as i stated before that what a parliamentary system means . 
  you want a new elections , to have 6 months or more of political instability , so your political solution can have enough deputies . 
  that is not how democracy works . 
  it 's up to the assembly to form a government , as the people 's representatives , and only if the government is not stable enough or not respects the constitution can the president dissolve the assembly and call new elections .
