  by far most of the peninsula under muslim rule was populated by christians . 
  and after the reconquista of towns there were still a lot of mouriscos living in the conquered towns . 
  only centuries later with the inquisition you saw forcebly conversions . 
  only in the conquest of granada did you see a mass phenom of expulsions and still the majority of previous inhabitants still remained . 
  you did n't saw a mass repopulation with people from the north coming south , outside of the nobility . 
  specially not state ran . 
  a ) spainards can still work in britain without a visa . 
  after the exige from eu they may still ad well . 
  b ) for what ? 
  to say that native olivenses were driven away from their homes some decades ago ? 
  do n't need the un do state this . 
  it 's a well documented historic fact . 
  c ) a reddit post ? 
  wow , our biggest diplomatic figures are letting their secret meeting been known and the official policy be out for all the world to see . 
  a ) you are free do close the door if you want . 
  britain is free to retaliate as well . 
  b ) lol . 
  c ) how about the part that they do not want be become spanish subjects ? 
  portuguese nationalist ? 
  lol . 
  cry about my neighbours ? 
  portugal does n't mingle in your policy stance regarding gibraltar and i could care less about it . 
  the first post was just to point out the hypocrisy of your government . 
  we held oliven\u00e7a centuries before you held gibraltar and for a century longer . 
  and we , contrary to you , have the internacional law on our side . 
  but still we do n't cry about it everyone there 's an election coming through . 
  first , i was joking to show the ridiculous of `` your '' plan . 
  a ) does leaving the eu gives you the right to put a flag , an act of sovereignty , in a claimed territory that you do n't control for 3 centuries ? 
  b ) actually it is . 
  you can google about the resettlement of the portuguese native population and the new settlers brought on to strengthen the claim and transform the occupied territory into a spanish town , in the same fashion as israel is doing , minus the killing . 
  it was done under franco , but the results are still felt today . 
  c ) gibraltar is a tax haven , joining spain will not beneficial at all . 
  plus the gibraltar citizens do n't feel spanish , wish you tend to ignore . 
  oliven\u00e7a is now a land occupied by spanish people , that do n't want to be part of portugal . 
  that 's why the portuguese diplomacy does n't push the issue and does n't reclaim a land that is by international law part of portugal . 
  no point to do it . 
  you should move on as well , but since nationalism is basically the only thing that keeps your country together , i do n't see it happen . 
  edit : some errors . 
  guess our foreign affairs minister should just go and plant a flag on oliven\u00e7a as well . 
  your post regarding russia is a oversimplification as well . 
  is poland ? 
  the moment you gain a bit of power you went imperialistic against your neighbours ( namely lithuania ) . 
  and those born to german mothers are not foreign babies , even if the fathers are foreign , given that their mothers are german and germany is a jus sanguini country . 
  those born of foreign mothers maybe germans too , if their fathers are german , but that 's not the point of the article . 
  just to point out that a significant number of foreign women are giving birth in germany . 
   but there is no information about the fathers . 
  yeah , totally bullshit , it 's not like this is an article about foreign mothers or anything . 
  i get that , but you guys could simply put the `` mostly european mothers '' moniker and not the misleading one . 
  it is not misleading , even if some dimwits post the usual non-sensical white are becoming a minority bullshit . 
  typical of her . 
  let others do the dirty work and she collects the prizes . 
   who would he be ? 
  lord protector nigel has a nice ring to it . 
  it does . 
  but i think boris has enough supports to win the unavoidable civil war . 
  she 's a despot and she does n't care about her subjects . 
  civil rebellion is in the making . 
  another cromwell is what your country needs . 
  how about the poles , romanian and bulgarian armies that gave been allowed to room britain unopposed , sacking and pillaged good hard working brittish towns and driving brits from their ancestral homes , when the monarch is just collecting taxes , sipping wine , purchasing an obscene amount of hats and doing nothing ? 
  thank god , a militia of brexiters have been formed and are dealing with the problem first handed . 
  how this sub has fallen , when an article about `` record rise in babies with foreign mothers in germany '' needs to get a tag of `` misleading - mostly european mothers '' . 
  foreign does n't mean `` brown '' , muslim or refugee . 
  the article only shows that there 's a lot foreign people that moved to germany and that are starting a life and a family there . 
  and we all know that germany was the country that dealt better with the financial crises of 2008 and 2010 and that many young europeans moved there in search of work . 
  what 's the necessity of tagging this as `` misleading '' . 
  this article is far from misleading . 
  this is so r/nottheonion material . 
  tried to post it there , but the washington post is behind a paywall and they do n't accept it . 
  you will see this attacked in the courts , specially because this historical patrimony seems just a bogus thing and can and it 's use to remove the legislative power to the autonomous communities . 
  does n't have to be a law that expressly aplies ex post facto . 
  if the new law creates a legal norm , rule that are not compatible with a former law , then the latter as to be deemed as non-enforcable any longer . 
  this specially if the new law comes from a organ that is superior . 
  it appears that this is what the court ruled . 
  if we go by shady reports and sources , 1/3 of russia would have been saled away . 
  no way kaliningrad would been give away to germany . 
  holds a strategic value to the russian military , given a more unrestricted access to the baltic sea . 
   and russia . 
  better had sharpened those broomsticks and have brought winter coats this time . 
  so laid on a cliff ? 
  it did . 
  those pot smokers got what they deserved !, 
  what germany needs is a good strong austrian leader . 
  one more reason to speed up and not to be sleeping under an oak tree . 
  you spaniards and your siestas . 
  that 's why it took you two more centuries to finish your reconquista . 
  hermanos , can you please get your shit together ? 
  we are starting to recover economically and political stability in spain plays a big part in it . 
  i thought you mexicans only had tacos , burritos , quesadillas , tamales , nachos and ( fake ) tortillas . 
  i think you are tricking us with random spanish words put together . 
   now , of course we love tacos , but i 'd like to clarify that that 's not the only thing we eat what do you mean , like tamales ? 
  you mean his job ? 
  the problem with finance , etc. , is exactly this : when executives get paid ridiculous amount of money in bonus for just doing what they were suppose to do in the first place . 
   the sun prepare yourselves for an influx of bullshit , then . 
  germany it is , then . 
   ` special privileges ' is a misdirect . 
  by special privileges , he is referring to the fact there 's no way in hell that the eu will strike a deal with the uk regarding the access to the common market without any of the four pillars . 
  everything else can be negotiated ad hoc , like with norway and switzerland . 
  since britain wanted to be out because of free movement of people , european leaders must come out and make it completely clear from the start of the negotiations that if you want access single market you have to accept that freedom as well , otherwise there 's zero chance of a deal being reached . 
  zero . 
  do n't count too much with him .
