  the difference between germany and greece is that refugees do n't want to stay in greece and want to come to germany . 
  and walk many miles and many perils to get there , without help from the german government . 
  so let 's stop the bs . 
  germany is doing jack shit . 
  only keeping the people there ( which everyone else is doing also ) and trying to force other countries to take higher numbers also . 
  this is clearly nobel peace prize worthy . 
  what 's next ? 
  let 's give it to putin if he decides to pull out of ukraine ? 
  do n't you say that !!, 
  if you ever come to beach you are screwed !!, 
   others accuse her of racism , because most of the men in her film are of immigrant origin when you think you read every `` race card '' narrative , comes another one to surprise you . 
  j1 i think we have a lot because we had a high number of sefarditas ' converts ( and also mouriscos ) . 
  south of portugal had a big jewish community that for the most part convert and that is probably the remaining of that legacy . 
  so portugal extra filthy moor/jew compared to the high pyrenees masterrace . 
  most sefarditas and mouriscos converted to christianity . 
  a lot were expelled but portugal did n't have the same level of purge like it happen in spain . 
  inquisition lite , let 's say . 
  but the majority of arabs and berbers that had n't mingled too much with locals ( expecially the elites ) fled south after the reconquista . 
  i ca n't explain why we have more j haplogroup and e-type , maybe because of the high number of converts , or maybe the pre-roman tribes that were celticied came from the middle east or north of africa . 
   it 's more messy than i thought , tbh . 
  the peninsula had a lot of people coming and going so i think it 's normal to have a lot of influences in the gene-pool . 
  the nation i was refereeing is the nation-state concept of international law , the one that counts . 
  so no arabic influence . 
  that 's the one you want to cross out . 
  ok , i wonder why . 
  and the others ? 
  no , you are not a nation , and never were . 
  but you can be one , if your people so desire . 
  but 2000 years mingling with greeks , carthigians , romans , visigoths , arabs , berbers , and `` spaniards '' of all corners of your `` current '' kept you purest genes intact ? 
  i have doubts of that . 
  one thing is talk about language/etnic groups . 
  i can give you that . 
  you can call yourself different . 
  but to talk that genetically you are different from a castillian is a bit ridiculous . 
   besides , catalonia is it 's own nation , there is a big difference , despite the proximity are you serious ? 
  you speak a different language and have a different culture , that does n't mean you are the last survivors of an ancient tribe . 
  genetically you are not very different than your countrymen ( either you like it or not ) . 
  of this latest `` batch '' ? 
  none . 
  thank you , morocco . 
  but previous there were a few families of kosovo coming to my town in the early 00 's . 
  nice people , looking for a better life . 
  that 's all . 
  portugal/galiza had different types of celtic and celticied tribes roaming what is today 's territories and also had more suevi settlements than visigoths . 
  you can see the map with the germanic y-dna basically only cover our side of the iberian peninsula and yours italo-celtic is more stronger . 
  greeks , carthaginians and romans had more presence in the mediterranean coast . 
  also we were exposed for less time to arabs/berbers mingled with the general population ( the majority fled to what is today 's southern spain after we finish our reconquista ) . 
  but this is just trying to give a explanation based on history . 
  i always like that retarded finnish lion . 
  africa starts at the pyrenees . 
  it is known . 
  it 's official : any place that has 20 % of portuguese people makes refugees do n't want to go there . 
  but i think the map have included the debt also when coming with their wealth ratios . 
  maybe at the moment pt as lower average wage than slovenia , but almost half of the people have house already paid or soon to be paid . 
  i do n't that is the same in slovenia . 
  also in terms of infrastrucres we are better . 
  but 50 years of fascism had their toll in the country in the same manner as 40 years of communism did for you guys . 
  we are 74 ... 
  so , suck it slovenia . 
  looked at the east and fell a bit good , then realise that we are the poorest country on western europe ... by far . 
  i read the portuguese version , out of curiosity . 
  not special to be honest . 
  not even inspiring . 
  kind boring and the rubblings of a mad man , with conspirancies theories at every corner . 
  the only thing i retained for that book is that he spend most of the time criticizing the german military for having two battlefronts and latter he did the same in wwii . 
  and for him judaism is not a religion , only a ethinicity . 
  i do n't think he mentioned once the religious aspect and he mention jews a whole fucking lot through out the book ( as one might expect ) . 
  yeah , i feel you . 
  i 'm from the south and sometimes struggle to understand galician . 
  not much , but sometimes is a bit hard . 
  it 's like you do n't want to open your mouth too much and speak mostly with nasal sounds . 
  we have an expression : `` falar para dentro '' . 
  but that is what makes our language/dialects/whatever you want to call it great . 
  pleanty of variety , even only in our little corner of europe . 
  it could be worst , you can had people saying : `` which one of them is estonia ? '', 
  many erasmus i knew found hard to understand brazilians and br tv shows . 
  maybe for you personally it was easier . 
  i know that in the north is a bit harder to understand , but there 's many brazilians accent that even other brazilians struggle to understand . 
  in general i think it 's a matter of exposure . 
  most websites use both versions . 
  but when they have only one , they normally use a brazilian flag saying it 's portugu\u00eas ( brasil ) or brazilian portuguese . 
  however , things like the op showed happen sometimes . 
  if the only option is portugu\u00eas ( brasil ) , people do n't feel mad , but when you put a brazilian flag and just add portuguese a little part of everyone dies . 
  for that you needed to had colonies and being relevant at some point in history . 
  you are free to try . 
  spoiler alert : this never ended well for your lot . 
  hey , ruskie , stay out of this . 
  we give you civilization and asked nothing in return ^ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ gold ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ money ^ ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ ^ slave ^ ^ ^ ^ trade ? 
  and this is the pay we get ? 
   it 's easier to pronounce can we stop spreading this myth ? 
  it 's not easier to pronounce . 
  it depends on your exposure with the language in the same way with english . 
  foreigners that learn portuguese in portugal have difficulty understanding brazilians at first in the same way that foreigners that learn portuguese in brazil have difficulties understanding the portuguese accent . 
  it 's only a matter of exposure . 
   want to visit european version of a russian town ? 
  i was under the assumption that moscow was in europe . 
  add the western part of the eu to that list too . 
  they would love it here . 
  i live to ~ ~ please ~ ~ annoy you . 
  but ...
