  in true german they are pronounced exactly the same . 
  oh yeah , he displayed some off the charts knowledge ... knowing that the hre had roman in its name , that romani people are not ethnically romanian and knowing that sardinian is regarded as the closest living language to latin is quite impressive , so impressive indeed , that you should reply with all those facts to a joke . 
   sends it 's romani legions all over europe you almost made me spill my coffee . 
  you must be fun in parties . 
   allgarve * triggered * !, 
  i assume you are too white for that , but hey sometimes make-up makes wonders . 
  simple . 
  start a war in your country and/or neighbouring countries and then flee to switzerland as a refugee like balkan people did back in the 90 's . 
  well , we all know that the concept of eastern europe is not a geographical one . 
  but if you take it purely in a geographic way it is . 
  well , finland is kinda in the east , so the hungarian gov. 
  is right . 
  i live in a peaceful country , where the number of violent crimes are few and people do n't need guns to protect themselves , because the crimes where guns are used are far and few between . 
  the police ca n't prevent every crime , but that does n't takes from the fact that civilians should n't be allow to carry weapons . 
  only professionals , with proper and constant training and subject to psychological evaluation should use them . 
  i mean . 
  tbat reason must 've played a part in the past . 
  but generally this was n't the new world were people would colonize new lands and must defend themselves and kill as many indians as possible . 
  also , centuries of constant war and the two devastating wars left a profound mark in the people and longing for peace and . 
  also there 's the component of centralization of governments which does n't happen in north america . 
  if you think about , you do n't need guns at all in a civilized society . 
  most gun owners in north america do n't even know how to operate a gun correctly , as many studies have shown . 
  plus low crime rates and very few violent ones do not justify the random populace to carry weapons . 
  nice one . 
  yes , you did , but you made the assumption , or left it in the air , that i was talking without knowledge , basing my response from movies . 
  which was n't the case . 
  google it . 
  the open-carry law entered in effect this year . 
  i know what i 'm talking about . 
  not based on some movies . 
   new law took effect that allows certain texans to wear their handguns in holsters on their hips -- or in shoulder holsters , dirty harry-style -- openly displaying the fact that they are armed as they work , shop , dine and go about their day . 
  source : http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/01/us/-2016-01-01-texas-open-carry-gun-law.html?_r=0 you can watch this daily show piece also , where there is literally people with assault weapons walking around in the street : http://www.cc.com/video-clips/zl7vl7/the-daily-show-with-trevor-noah-texas-kicks-off-2016-with-a-bang, 
  yes , that is totally the reason for gun control in europe . 
  those pesky peasants can not be able to rebel . 
  they do . 
  but they want to expand south , conquering denmark , poland and prussia . 
  they need more men in their ranks . 
  they do . 
  you see in europe we are such pussies that even our guns ca n't kill people unless there 's someone trying to kill us . 
  one day we will be able to carry assault rifles in public like in the bastion of freedom that it 's texas . 
  in the meanwhile we are stuck with these backwards laws that do n't allow us to carry fire weapons for no good reason . 
  such is the life . 
  get outta of here with that reasonable logic !, 
   that 's literally what rome did and it did n't work out well . 
  down the road , yes . 
  but in the meantime it will help sweden conquer their neighbours and expanding the empire . 
  that 's a misconception . 
  portugal was dead broke , millions of people lived under the poverty line . 
  education and healthcare were way worse compared to communist countries . 
  if it was n't for the fact that we had colonies who we could drain their resources out portugal would 've been in morocco levels or something . 
  our industry was several ~ ~ centuries ~ ~ decades behind , lack of trade , etc. 
  massive immigration to avoid poverty . 
  the country was in horrible shape . 
  fascism ended in 1974 in portugal . 
  do n't see how the 1990 gnp is relevant . 
   portugal did n't have comunism we had half a century of fascism , which is undoubtedly worst . 
  al-andalus will be once again muslim !, 
  1492 worst year of life !, 
  think about all that great rap music that only comes from poor neighbourhoods full of social excluded people . 
  do you really want to pass a chance to have that in your country ? 
  undisputed collapsed welfare system 2060 european champion !, 
  edit : grammar, 
  that was why people were staring at him . 
  - * see * * that * * collar , * * hans ? 
  * - * i * * whish * * i * * had * * one * * like * * him . 
   up to 1,000 men  a.k.a 100-200 ahh ... 
  i feel much more safe now . 
  basically the plan is to make greece a big refugee camp by having foreign police to patrol the border with the republic of macedonia and bulgaria . 
  also you should pay and house all of them . 
  mutti merkel would even give you a loan extension ( no haircuts though , you filthy spenders . 
  you should learn that money does n't grow on trees ) . 
  just patrol your borders !, 
  do your duty for the union !, 
  how do you deport someone that does n't have a passport , do n't tell you which country they are from and when you find out their home countries do n't accept them ? 
  the answer you tired them until they move out from your country . 
  like spain did in their african enclaves . 
  pretty much what france is doing . 
  you realize that the uk is in an island , that has a significant part of their economy in the services , specially being one of the main players in the warehouse business . 
  you need to ship those goods . 
  just imagine that you ca n't put none in trucks and everything in both . 
  pretty soon , most companies would relocated . 
  ultimately none of the countries would let the tunnel close . 
  most immigrants in calais are not from the middle east and are not refugees . 
  building a immigration camp alleviates the burden that france faces . 
  it 's not just money , but also having the people in your country . 
  the uk needs to cooperated with france . 
  they are not intended in being a refugee camp , keeping all your undesirables in their country , specially when they are heading in your direction . 
  as for the eurotunnel you are probably more dependant than france . 
  closing down would have a cost for both . 
  france is solely playing their cards . 
  in the same way the us or australia , since tightening their laws on immigration started to face illegal immigration problems and had to patrol their borders in another way , the same is happening to the uk . 
  you ca n't expect france to do the job for you , pay for it , and act as a shield . 
  they already showed that are not going to do that . 
  they would rather let illegals room the eurotunnel free instead of sheltered them . 
  it 's a game that both countries are playing . 
  a diplomatic one . 
  let 's who breaks first . 
  the british can increase their quota of refugees , build immigrant camps ( for not refugees ) , while their application is processed to either admission or deportation , etc. 
   wanting to go to the uk is not something that gives someone the right to go to the uk . 
  just because someone wants to go to the uk , the uk government should not make it easy for them to come to the uk .
