  it 's called portuguese . 
  that does n't meann stalin levels of violence . 
  marx , like any other sensible person that tried to cut with a previous established regime , knew that violence had to be involved . 
  so did martin luther or the philosophers that advocated for the end of the ancient regime . 
  abrupt change of power rarely goes down without violence . 
  however , 19th century intelectuals could n't foreseen the terrible violence and killing that took place in the first part of the 20th century , which was due by the huge technologic advancements of warfare . 
  not even the generals of the waring nations of wwi anticipate the level of carnage and casualties . 
  british royal family vampires confirmed . 
  it was spain who gave latvia the chance to have potato in the first place . 
  and let 's forget the constant investement made the us ( and to lesser extent the uk and french ) governments and companies to modernize and improve the economy . 
  germany just made a quick boost by itself . 
  just a coincidence that the countries that the us directly intervened after wwii for strategic reasons ( germany , japan , south korea and tawain ) , are all in the top of the most industralized countries and some of the strongest economies . 
  just coincidence really . 
  russian minority that lives in the baltic countries is not responsible for actions of the soviet government . 
  in the same way that you arent responsible for your government action . 
  the fact of the matter is that they lived in country for 3/4 for generations and are something like a 1/4 of the total population and even have towns when the large majority are russian . 
  nobodies is saying that local language should n't be the first language of government , but russian should be an official language , at least on some regions/municipalities where it makes sense . 
  your logic is extremely flawed . 
  russians that are living in the balts did n't `` raped '' no one and are not responsible for soviet actions . 
  there are many non historical minorities that have their language rights recognized all over the world . 
  it 's a matter of social justice for individual persons of a determined group , regardless of the historic context . 
  when it 's a sizeable minority or a historical one it can be view as a discrimination , since the right to use your language in that case it 's no really a special right , but should more of a fundemental right of a citizen and therefore the denial by the state of the right to formally use your language is in my view a form of discrimination . 
  and therefore should be discriminated against , right ? 
   or they can either move to poland where they will get their signs in polish yeah , those damn polish should just go back to poland , even though their are living there for centuries and having bilingual signs and textbooks , etc. 
  its nothing special and just show a nice attitude towards minorities ' integration and respect . 
   portugal to be honest i do n't know why we did n't sign it . 
  we only have one minority language - that i 'm aware , at least - . 
  it 's mirand\u00eas and it 's an official national language ( since the late 90 's ) - even though it 's only spoken in a valley by a few thousnad people , so i do n't see why did n't we sign that charter , tbh . 
  dude never . 
  2004 never happened !, 
  just imagine a bunch of foreign cunts coming in and steal yor fucking joy . 
  damn straight it never happened !, 
  damn straight !, 
  establish the glorious union of soviet meme republics !, 
  give me memes or give me death !, 
  2004 was a jewish ploy !!!, 
  never happened !!, 
  warm and windy, 
  oh my sweet summer child ... 
  everyone played checkers and ireland playing 4d chess . 
  yeah right ... all those british ( and european for that matter ) `` expats '' workers in dubai or qatar are n't there to find work or better living conditions . 
  they just really love the 55\u00bac degree weather . 
  the rules changed with you on board . 
  treaty of lisbon was approved with new comers saying and in a significant because of such large opening to great a more suitable structure to included ten new states . 
  guess it 's convenient to forget that in eastern europe . 
  the irish pale is more known , i think . 
  the russian pale is normally more referred to when the roots of anti-semitism are talked about . 
  that was the joke , mate . 
  yes , mona transcend this world . 
  the blue kiss of life !, 
  live life to the fullest though, 
  vaslui has something to teach the whole country , it seems . 
  \\ #monaislife, 
  well ... 
  i guess you are right . 
  mona masterrace !, 
  do n't blame them , tbh . 
  we talking about drinking spanish wine here . 
  do n't wish that on my worst enemy . 
  edit : some major grammar blunders . 
  guess drinking all that wine at lunch had some effects . 
  hahaha . 
  please neighbours make this happen . 
  solid logic there . 
  guess you must abandon all western integration politics and move out of the eu , you know to stop integration , right ? 
   soviet humm ... [ i knew it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
  poor eastern european you , been forced to openly generalize a group of people and use xenophobic sentences . 
  the vast majority ? 
  so something like 5 % of your nationals are criminals !? 
  damn !, 
  remind me to never go to romania . 
  typical . 
  portugal as the backbone of the world confirmed . 
  i like how this type openly xenophobic comments are accepted in this sub ( and in european societies in general ) when it comes to roma . 
  change that to blacks and you would be immediatly banned or looked upon in real life . 
  but hey , gypsies are robbers , amirite ? 
  how can this `` global warming '' be happening if there 's snow outside my house ? 
  \\ #alternativefacts \\ #leftistlies \\ #trustingod, 
  and people talk about global warming ... 
  sigh ... 
  it 's snowing in the iberian peninsula in march , how the world is getting warmer !? 
  sad . 
  did n't you guys got the memo back in the day ? 
  jeez ... 
  it 's like you guys want to be bullied after class . 
  that word ... 
  it 's like vowels gang-raped the proto-slavic people and they do n't want nothing to do with them from then on . 
  good to know . 
  very german of you . 
  was n't he austrian like beethoven ? 
  you right , no need to state again what it 's pretty much common knowledge . 
  hey , do n't be like that . 
  people know lots of stuff about estonia , like you ca n't into nordic and huh ... huh ... stuff . 
  racism ? 
  stop being a nazi dutch !, 
  so that 's why most of the empire is in asia . 
  makes sense now . 
  all you need to detect is this : 300 . 
  i immediately know what 's that about .
