  it 's been proven . 
  time to adopt it , folks ... edit : i guess i should add an / s , otherwise people seem to be taken this seriously . 
  i said that that the example that the op shared was very badass , to the point that it should be mention on / r/portugalcaralho but if you want an example i might suggest nuno \u00c1lvares pereira . 
  probably the most badass portuguese of all time and one of the best military commanders . 
   if they refuse to communicate the place of their origin , they should be send to a closed detention center indefinitely . 
  if not , we 're only incentivizing this strategy . 
  this is precisely what spain did when they started to have a big wave of illegals coming in and throwing their passports into the sea . 
  do n't want to cooperate ? 
  two years in a overcrowded , shitty detention center , where you do n't get a single euro , only food , meds and clothes will make your tongue loose and your memory sharp . 
  sooner or later you will remember which country you are from . 
  not a pretty solution , but unfortunately one of the few that works . 
  cash money , bling and hoes . 
  then we use the \u00ef also in words like na\u00efve . 
  words of foreign origin do n't count . 
  otherwise we have words with all diacritics . 
  just need to use any adaptable word . 
  sure , but the agreement is n't still widely followed in both sides of the atlantic . 
  many brazilians still use their old orthography . 
  portuguese from portugal ( pt-pt ) does n't use the \u00fc anymore . 
  it 's just a joke . 
  do n't get all rile up , slovakia . 
  that was in the balkans . 
  it does n't count . 
  in pt also . 
  very common . 
  in the south is quite common to eat it . 
  tuna is the number one choice , but canned sardines and octopus are also regulars . 
  i 'm from the south as well and we eat a shittone of canned sardines with tomato sauce , plus a lot of canned octopus , etc. 
  it 's a cheap , good , always available food to eat . 
  the first time some spanish bloke started talking to me like our towels came from heaven i thought he was joking or something . 
  then another did the same , then another ... 
  i was like : ok , i guess this is a thing . 
  you wash your dirty mouth !!, 
   can \u00b4 t think of any arabic derived personal or family name in usage in portugal . 
  almeida comes from arabic flat land ( terra plana ) , at least according to wiki . 
  medina and mesquita i also assumed that it comes from the arabic language . 
  thanks for the input . 
  those are for sure . 
  but there 's others , like faro and f\u00e1tima . 
  do n't say that , there was plenty of it in our ancestors ' clothes after the battles / s, 
  albufeira , aljezur in algarve ( southmost region in portugal ) , for example . 
  having subtitles in tv shows/movies instead of dubbing them has sure helped with our proficiency in english , specially compared with other western countries when the same does n't happen . 
  our numbers are still a bit low , because people born in 70 's or earlier still only have basic english skills . 
  but widely enforced english classes in school ( now it 's starts in elementary school ) and the use of subtitles sure as help mine and younger generations raising our proficiency levels . 
  is n't france and germany acting solely in their own interest in the last couple of years ? 
  why the uk , or any other country , would n't do the same ? 
  for me the uk are needed in the eu . 
  but for the uk maybe be best to part ways , but that is something that is up to the british voter to decided . 
  i wo n't oppose more eu , if there is more democracy involved . 
  an exponentially increase of the european parliament 's role , veto power , etc. 
  either have government elections or let the parliament choose and control who forms govern . 
  inside the ez we should either have policies to have a currency union ( fiscal transfers , eurobonds , etc. ), 
  or admit that we ca n't reach an agreement and start dismantling the euro . 
  the current status quo is clearly nefast for most countries . 
  those are for all effect regions of the uk with a great degree of autonomy , but are govern in the most important matter from london . 
  the uk as whole is doing fine , so there 's fiscal transfers from parts that are doing good to parts that are under-performing , transfers that have the goal to fix the welsh economy and diversified it . 
  that does not happen in the ez . 
  so regardless of how your country 's economy is doing , your country does not have control of the currency and there 's neither political concern and neither fiscal transfers to let your country to tackle the problems . 
  you are missing the point . 
  the uk has a currency that reflects their economy . 
  if they are performing bad the currency does not hide that and they can do the appropriate measures to tackle the issue . 
  not being tied down to germany is a good thing for the uk , because they have a very different based economy . 
  on the contrary , those are essential for countries to have . 
  the uk acts as a normal counter-power to france/germany alliance . 
  both in economical and political terms . 
  does the uk is living to their natural role and full potential in the last decade ? 
  but a lot can change in the future . 
  if they leave there 's no historical and a powerful political force to oppose them . 
  and that for me is quite scary , specially given germany 's approach under merkel . 
  not really . 
  britain at the moment is kinda doubtful in having a more active role in the politics of eu or not , but they had major influences in many major decisions in the last 20 years , especially negotiating very important opt-outs . 
  if they vote to stay that role will be there for britain to use , and they will use it . 
  it actually needs them . 
  i dread the day when we are left with france and germany being the only major political influences in the eu . 
  damn britain , stop water boarding the refugees ... jeez , they want to live in the uk , not blowing up your biggest skyscraper . 
  i know you do n't want refugees in , but that 's a bit of an overreaction , mate . 
  came here thinking : finally some movies dedicated to the fine art of fencing your borders . 
  disappointed . 
  my post came in chain about racist social media posts and rioting . 
  plenty of those posts are about how sub-human blacks are and that should be hanged in a tree and such . 
  others are about all blacks should be wipe out of america and shit like that . 
  just go around yt and you can find that shit with ease . 
  advocating violence is a crime in most countries and should be . 
  but you can not persecute every dumb fuck who post some shit on the internet . 
  because most of the time its not a true incitement to violence . 
  this seems to be the case at least the authorities thought so . 
  great . 
  that 's literally the best food in the world . 
  you call it bacalao ? 
  it comes from us ? 
  if so , that 's pretty cool . 
  we used to `` raid '' your waters all the time back in the day . 
  you guys eat it fresh , do n't you ? 
  if so , you do n't know what you are missing ... hum ... that sweet sweet bacalhau da noruega ... hummmmm, 
  she would if she could ... how ? 
  she kills all white men how ? 
  she tweeted her idiotic ideas and that is reasonable enough to say that she is planning to murder all white men , just does n't have the means to do it . 
  give me a break ... she 's an idiot that has a twitter account and decides to post the first dumb thing that comes to her empty head . 
  i think you need a bit more from her to put it in the same bag as hitler , but hey it 's just me ... 
  i do n't know why you even waste your time .
