  i never disputed that . 
  that creates a problem in itself ( calais , for instance ) that must be tackled by the british gov. , like it or not . 
   sorry but crossing the med to france is far harder than crossing to the uk ? 
  i call bollocks partially because the the crossing from africa to france is much further , people have successfully swum the channel . 
  the south coast of france is also smaller than that of the uk 's south coast and therefore one would assume more easily patrolled by the coast guard . 
  i 'm talking about illegal immigrants coming from the mediterranean , not about how easier is to cross the channel compared to reach french south coast . 
  their goal is to reach the uk and the easiest way is to cross the channel from france . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't have any suggestions . 
  not my job and ( obviously ) not qualified to present such . 
  the uk rules are not specially strict , but they are more than other eu countries , like germany . 
  the uk receives a shittone of immigrants , from everywhere , but there are many many more , even the unskilled ones , that want to join . 
  decades of catering unskilled immigration from all around the world created the percepetion that the uk as the same needs and everyone will find a job , raise a family and build a pretty nice life for them . 
  i know the economy as changed and the need is n't the same as it was , but a significant part of the immigrants do n't . 
  and because they ca n't reach the uk legally , they try in other ways , because there 's a significant black market jobs for immigrants in the uk . 
  a well known fact . 
  so maybe fighting illegal job market should be the number one concern , and will act as a deterrent in the future . 
  the rules are the problem because they are too strict , as in people struggled to get their work visa application approved in their home countries . 
  and because they want to work in the uk , because of many factors , which english language is one of the main ones , coupled with the strict immigration rules it has created the problem . 
  and this is blatant to anyone . 
  and cooperation with france is way more than tackling the calais juggle and you know that . 
  did i say fault ? 
  i said it 's cause of it . 
  let 's acknowledge that first , shall we . 
  france in fact has very little control of its borders , as they are in schengen area and they are not an island in a corner of europe that only `` borders '' rich and stable countries . 
  france as other mediterranean countries struggle to keep their borders in check against boats full of immigrants/refugees who throw their passports into the sea and do n't want to register in france , only want to go to the uk . 
  so instead of spending millions of euros feeding , housing and clothing people against their will , without cooperation from the destiny country ( uk ) , france is pretty much tired of it and decided to let them camp outside calais and let the problem resolve itself out or finally bring the uk to the table and let them assume their share of the burden . 
  yes , the rules are the main culprit . 
  the uk does n't allow those people to come to the country . 
  and legitimately so . 
  it 's up to them to set the rules that the british people wish . 
  but that does n't change the fact that they want to go to the uk , and the uk only , regardless of either they are legal there or not . 
  that 's why they camp outside calais . 
  simple as that . 
  as for what the uk should do . 
  i do n't know , but it should start with maybe trying to directly work with france instead of simply trying to deflect the problem to france , like most of the british politicians seem to be doing and/or proposing . 
  well , france is dealing with the problem in calais and other solely because of your immigration rules . 
  i do n't see the uk government politely discussing with france regarding british laws on immigration , despite those directly impacting what 's happening in france . 
  edit : typo . 
  why would they feel the need to consult the uk about opening a refugee camp within their own borders ? 
   outmuscle anyone anyone but shaq , 
  if serbia ca n't remove kebab , kebab removes serbia . 
  it 's get or get got out there . 
  who who remain silent , gives consent ( * quem * * cala * * consente * ) . 
  but we also have : words are silver , silence is gold ( * a * * palavra * * \u00e9 * * de * * prata * * o * * sil\u00eancio * * \u00e9 * * de * * ouro * ) . 
  we cover everything . 
  this is the type of author that fails to see what the ukrainian war meant for russia . 
  they never wanted to fully occupy ukraine . 
  only to destabilise the country after going against their previous political pact and to regain crimea to please the nationalistic ego of many . 
  donbass will not be incorporated into russia , that why they did n't send direct troops , only paramilitary and disguised troops . 
  donbass will be a frozen conflict for many decades , a la transnistria and other unrecognised republics in former soviet union countries . 
  sanctions did n't stop russia 's military incursion into ukraine . 
  they simple achieved their political goal , and of course the economical crisis coming from the significant oil drop made the continuation of the war something that should n't go on . 
  * greece ... * * positive news ... * do you think this is a motherfucking game ? 
  it is , but in this case it fucked my life . 
  fuck this particular monday !, 
  went to bed at 3am after watching american football . 
  woke up at 7am to get to work . 
  fml !, 
  and the sunday blues was horrible after a prolonged weekend while hangover . 
  lazy southern !!!, 
  pay denbts !, 
  snitches get stitches . 
  thanks . 
  did n't knew that madrid was n't important prior to that date . 
  a number of reasons : - in medieval times both were more concern with the reconquista and in the renaissance both were more concern with their colonies ; - spain was only formed in the end 15 ~ ~ 16 ~ ~ th century , with the union of castile , l\u00e9on and aragon and the conquest of granada . 
  so prior to that madrid had always to make alliances to go to war with portugal and have a shot at winning ; - portugal population is n't significant inferior in numbers to spain ( especially before the creation of spain ) . 
  is about 4-to-1 , which meat that they always had to bring there a game to face us ; - north and centre of portugal is quit mountainous and had a lot of forests . 
  hard conditions for an invasion ; - portugal was always a very diplomatic country , making a shit tone of marriages with the various iberian crowns and making alliances with other countries ( england , for starts ) . 
  this meant that for most of our history spain-portugal relations were good . 
  they may have legal grounds to get independence . 
  however , those are kind messy and always depends on international politics . 
  even in western democracies independence of regions that are inhabited by the non-majority group in the country are always very hard to come by . 
  the thing about international law regarding independence of regions is that it only works if the big countries want for it to work . 
  russia did n't want to part ways with chechnya , so people can argue all they want about the legality of it , but that will not change the fact that other than being successful in the battleground chechens would n't have been able to get independence . 
  sure , but that was n't the point . 
   on a piece of land they have no business or history with is not like it has been part of russia for 2 centuries or anything . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  when god created the world he did a perfect job and everything and everyone has a plan . 
  it 's not for humsn to deviate from the path that god trailed . 
  medicine is the devil 's work . 
  yeah , that surely will do the trick . 
  government always take inflation and low wages in consideration . 
  always . 
  barbarians who do n't distiguish genders . 
  pff ... 
  the important questions . 
  because latvia is rightful russian clay , you silly goose . 
  what the actual fuck !? 
  you only need a a singular and plural for masculine and feminine . 
  that what being out of reach of civilization gets you . 
  most portuguese and spanish words related to war , weapons and such are of germanic origin ( visigoths and suebis ) . 
  i remember reading about this in school . 
  they assumed the role left by the romans as leaders and warriors , but they basically merged with the locals , thus adopting romance dialects , and did n't have a relevant influence in other aspects of life , which can be seen in the small influence in terms of the number of germanic words in the languages . 
  the moors on the other hand , because they were a lot more advance in science and agriculture left traces of their presence in the peninsula in the lexicon related to those matters . 
  funny how we can trace past civilization and people and their influence in certain regions in today 's languages . 
  for portuguese people is basically a free language , but the opposite is n't true . 
  we have twice the phonemes , thus they really struggle to understand us . 
  but nonetheless if you did n't had spanish classes or studied by yourself you will find really hard to speak proper , as there are many differences in syntax and many false friends , plus there are many differences in terms of orthography in similar words . 
  why , may i ask ?
