  what should not happen is having a pork-free menu just because some muslims do not want to eat pork . 
  secularism must be respected . 
  where 's the cow-free option for hindus ? 
  do not want to eat pork , eat the vegetarian option instead . 
  or eat only rice with vegetables in pork day , if there 's no vegetarian option . 
  secularism is about not catering to any particular religion . 
  just because for some eating pork is forbidden does not mean that you have to stop serving pork at schools . 
  this is exactly what happen in portugal where we have our wages frozen for about 15 years now and price have dropped in half . 
  life is great ... oh wait , i 'm mistaken drop with raise . 
  liberalism sure is a great concept . 
  ww3 ... you are forgetting that germany has a weaker military and does not have nukes . 
  so ... war avoided . 
  theoretically yes . 
  but in reality is up to france , germany and the uk . 
  schengen is no inside borders . 
  frontex is related to outside borders . 
  that was what i was referring to . 
  you maybe in frontex , but not schengen . 
  hey , you got a new million people in your workforce . 
  time to put it to work . 
  all i 'm hearing is : fence every inch of the border !!!, 
  fuck turkey . 
  [ ( the person ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey_tolson_tjupurrula ), 
  we all know that sooner or later we all have to pay their debts . 
  the plan is completely infeasible . 
  but let 's wait a few more months/years until the 4th bailout is needed and destroy their economy in the process . 
  that sure is the way to do it . 
  it will cost way way more . 
   europe has a chance to show solidarity with their neighbors that went of the window with the way the greek crisis was handled . 
  it was very clear that every one should solve their own problems . 
  now germany ask for solidarity ? 
  that 's the problem when you follow your own interests when its convenient for you . 
  germany/france were the ones that trail the path of disunity we are seeing now and unless they show otherwise you will continue to see what you are seeing now . 
  the good ol' croatia-serbia-romania-ukraine-poland-germany route . 
  tell him to go around the shady neighbourhoods in the uk and say this : `` do you speak german ? '', 
  when they say no . 
  have him reply : `` you are welcomed '' . 
  he will have a great time this way . 
  i take it back then . 
  thought they did n't . 
  is in applicable to all of the eu ? 
  are n't romania , for example , one of the main fields where frontex is in force ? 
  but they do n't foot the bill for frontex . 
  schengen has no outer border patrol . 
  so norway has no power or responsibility when it comes to this . 
  all i was point out . 
  do n't know why you are surprised about portugal . 
  we are one of the leading countries in renewable energy . 
  something like 60 % to 70 % of our electric grid comes from renewable energies , and wind power is number two after hydraulic . 
  a few years ago it was around 27 % . 
  once we start using more solar and waves energy we maybe be completely fossil free . 
  we have all the potential for it . 
  just a matter of investment , which nowadays is a bit difficult . 
  frontex is unrelated to schengen . 
  it depends if your banks do n't collapse . 
  we should n't have a bailout too , but all of the sudden the taxpayer needed to foot the bill of banks and shit hit the fan . 
  i 'm not an expert on finland , but many reports are saying that finland is at risk . 
  i 'm not saying that if you do n't fix things you will need a bailout , but maybe you will get close to it . 
  norway has joined the eu ? 
  we have structural problems , right . 
  but some can not be addressed because of ez . 
  a lot of countries , with different economies , with problems arising from the same source . 
  and that 's a undeniable fact . 
  status quo can not be maintain . 
  euro must be reformed , either one way or the other . 
  but unfortunately a particularly country is profiting of the status quo and shit wo n't change until it gets affected . 
  funny enough the migrant policy is being discussed only because that particularly country is only now being affected . 
  i read the quote pretty well . 
  merkel started some peace talks that achieve nothing and were never going to achieve nothing . 
  it went like this : merkel : `` mr. assad , please step away '' . 
  assad : `` how about no ? '', 
  merkel : `` hum ... hum ... '' then she said that germany would accept every syrian refugee that comes to germany and the media started to talk about a nobel peace prize . 
  solely on some words . 
  not a single concrete action to solve either the syrian civil war or to take struggling refugees from turkey or lebanon . 
  give her a nobel !, 
  in portugal we have from nacional buses ( from lisbon to coimbra or porto , for example ) , not regional ones . 
  shitty wi-fi , but wi-fi still . 
  i 'm not saying currency solves everything . 
  and sweden had more economic power than finland . 
  but finland , contrary to portugal , spain and greece was a more established economy on the 90 's / 00 's , did not have half a century of dictatorship that had to recover from and did not had a big tourism sector and neither had a huge real estate boom . 
  but now they are struggling like hell , on the brink of maybing needing a bailout and their economy as nothing like ours . 
  the only thing that connect both is the currency . 
  a way overvalued currency for their type of economy , despite finland producing a lot of things and having a lot of research ( not on sweden levels ) economy . 
  honest question : is finland doing bad compared to sweden because of the euro ? 
  we southerns have our major economic difficulties coming because of the way the euro is set up . 
  if we had our independent currency we would n't be in recession . 
  it 's almost a decade since the crash and ez is still struggling . 
  sweden is doing ok , but finland is on the fence . 
  is this euro related ? 
  when you buy cow or pork meat you should expect to be buying cow or pork meat . 
  if you want horse you have horse meat available . 
  horse meat , i ate twice , is not very good , for my taste at least , and this is from horses good enough to be eaten , not some horses with shit tone of meds for racing , dying horses , etc. 
  public health and consumer rights are being put in danger . 
  is that so hard to see . 
  holidays ... dover ... no , thanks . 
   some would say she deserves a nobel peace prize for that for what ? 
  what merkel did to be awarded a nobel ? 
  did germany send planes for the refugees to come from turkey , lebanon to germany ? 
  no , they did not . 
  they are doing the same as every other european country , not deporting the refugees that enter the country even if they came from a safe country .
