  many nobles view the emergence of the bourgeoisie as a threat to their social status . 
  there 's many factors . 
  but the most decisive one was coming late to the industrialization trend of the xix century . 
  the concept of wealth changed dramatically in that period . 
  plus in the xx century we endure 15 years of nightmare parliamentary anarchy , 50 years of fascism , 15-year 3-front colonial war that was bloodier than the vietnam war per capita . 
  you are independent almost as long as the us . 
  they in space of one century became one of the world powers . 
  you 200 years later blame us for things that we had nothing to do with . 
  you right . 
  i think only prussia , austria and russia achieved that . 
  barely any native speak dutch . 
  they ca n't do anything right . 
  you going to take the only thing we have ? 
  do n't shed tears . 
  that reminds me of the good ol' days and i might have an instant boner at work . 
  are you german ? 
  colonialism . 
  you are welcomed , world . 
  are you from kenya ? 
  is his surname by any change focker ? 
  disappointed by the lack of adidas tracksuits . 
  yup . 
  and switzerland the next best thing in europe , but a few levels below , strangely has a number of players with iberian surnames . 
  thanks geoff . 
  start playing futsal and that might change , 
  most countries that are good in football . 
  i do n't know . 
  let 's say lithuania . 
  #balticrivalries . 
  damn spain and italy , we should create a world ranking of roller hockey . 
  we dominate that shit . 
  you are 29th . 
  there are basically 30 countries with snow and ice out there . 
  #americanwaistlines . 
  there 's never enough ... 
  you can lick all the dick you want , if you do n't watch the eurovision you can not call yourself gay . 
  yeah , i noticed you in clownporn.net . 
  you had me worried that you had forsaken us for the eurovision . 
  huge relief . 
  relocated in the same city , region , country . 
  completely different affair . 
  at the time ( 1956 ) cuba was an ally of the us and vietnam war was just starting so the communist were n't ruling the country yet . 
  are they not a historical inhabitant of a certain land that got forcibly displaced from their homeland for the interests of the colonizers ? 
  of course , people displaced under stalin went to live in inhospitable regions and many were killed , which was n't the case , but they did in fact displace those people and forever destroyed their homeland . 
  so did stalin . 
   nuclear tests do n't really count tell that to the habitants of those islands . 
  when eurovision is on there 's no need to log on to the internet ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  [ awkward ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_testing_at_bikini_atoll ), 
  [ portuguese entrees ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gnoonyomgzs/vkph4tg6xqi/aaaaaaaaxts/rbxckz4sho0/s1600/cozido%2b%25c3%2583%25c2%25a0%2bportuguesa1.jpg ), 
  when it 's that ever stop america for wanting to bomb someone ? 
  not a single nuke for us ? 
  i feel discriminated . 
  [ nah , you can trust me . 
  ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/400x/62576823.jpg ), 
  it 's lobster wrapped in bacon . 
   even ate a salad for lunch today pro tip . 
  you are blowing your cover with that . 
  only usians eat salads for lunch . 
  the only salad yuros eat for lunch is [ this . 
  ] ( http://honestcooking.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/screen-shot-2013-12-10-at-12.41.37-pm.png ), 
  that sounds more reasonable . 
  i thought there were literally recognized like cossacks of the old times , which would be mind-blowing . 
  i 'm sure that plan going forward is to keep the ones that do good in the test and resettle the rest all over other members-states . 
  damn , that sounds like a really shitty situation . 
  i figured like the cowboys in the us , the cossacks stop having a purposes once the government and bureaucracy start reaching siberia and the far-east , specially after the ussr and the ultra centralization and control of police , etc. 
  how so ? 
  honestly curious how it works in today 's society and all . 
  cossacks !? 
  there 's still cossacks in russia ? 
  prior to that it was already a significant phenomenon , but the crisis brought it to a whole new level . 
  we would just created a `` renewable energy theme park '' . 
  i 'm sure some latte-drinking , beanie-wearing americans would come to see it . 
   i have no clue how to pronounce half that . 
  neither do czechs . 
  for my own experience , there 's a lot of women that do n't have kids for economical reasons . 
  plenty do n't want to have , others because have little stability in relationships . 
  but a significant number want to be mothers , just ca n't . 
   you must pay 3000 - 4000 euros for one night i think i will pass . 
  see my opinion below . 
  nothing you can do about it , really . 
  nobody is downvoting you for that . 
  of course you should choose whatever you want . 
  there 's not even in question . 
  the thing people were are saying is that the government should make policies to help people to have more kids and to incentive women to choose to be mothers . 
  we need to be at replacement rate for our society to work in the way we set it up . 
  the welfare state and all . 
  that 's all . 
  many women want to be mothers , but ca n't , either because of money , work pressures , being discrimination on promotions , lack of time , etc. 
  we need to look at this problem and help those women for them to have children , not convincing the ones that do not want to have kids that they should have kids . 
  this is basically it . 
  then it 's up to that society to deal with its own options . 
  women are part of society . 
  what you want me to say ? 
  to tell that we should forcibly inseminate women ? 
  it 's a society decision , meaning that the collectivity of women decided not to have kids then so be it . 
  i doubt most bangladeshis have cars . 
  nothing . 
  personal choices . 
  it 's quite normal for young people to live in their parents ' house until 28 . 
  and the reason is quite simple .
