  that is more of a cultural symbol , specially for the common people . 
  like the bull is for the spaniards . 
  in that case , i do n't think not knowing the language is going to set you back too much . 
  if you can set your own company or be a high level employee/director/ceo / cto of an already estabilished company , english will more than be enough for you to work and establish yourself in the country . 
  just need a person of trust that can help set up things and dealing in the local language . 
  spanish particulary is very easy to learn , even for someone with only germanic languages background , and you are more exposed to it than you think . 
  the weather would be nice , but unless you have a high-level job in a company the wages and the poor working conditions ( long hours , short-term contracts , the boss culture is totally different , etc. ), 
  would put you off the country you choose in a heartbeat . 
  portugal in most european languages is spelled in the same as in the original , but when there 's a deviation it usually sounds funny . 
  in italian is portogallo , and galo in portuguese is rooster and the [ barcelos ' rooster ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/pa2900302_galo_emiliarocha_medio.jpg ) is our national symbol . 
  `` gal '' is portugal has nothing to do with galo btw . 
  i thought he was a serb . 
   gallaecia that one is a much bigger region that today 's galiza is , so it would n't work :p, 
  i been with many galicians and they spoke it like that . 
  portuguese cultural imperialism ? 
  we do n't want galicia for nothing . 
  they are simply our brothers and we want their culture and language to be respected . 
  portuguese influence in galicia is barely no-existent . 
  galician culture and language was actively repressed for many centuries by spain , and since spain is a democracy the trackrecord is not as good as it should , namely the 1983 galician orthography law that in many ways did n't represent the real galician language , as point our by the majority of galician linguists . 
  you are an assman ? 
  ama , please !, 
  rule no . 
  1 : do n't let facts get in a way of a good joke . 
  i know , but that ruins the joke . 
  confusion would be avoid if the original name of the region was used . 
  but of course there 's no problem with it as galicia the region of eastern europe is more of a historical cultural region , with no use in administrative division today . 
  galicia ( spain ) is the more common name accepted name and there 's no point in changing that . 
  my post was just in the context of the previous posts and why confusion could 've been avoided . 
  lol . 
  portuguesed version ... you know that portuguese and galician are part of the same dialect continuum , do n't you ? 
  galiza was the term used when both languages were the same , before the `` s\u00e9culos escuros ( dark centuries ) '' of galician language and culture , and has been readopted by since the 19th century by galician scholars . 
  [ unless you are the mongols ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp6iqzea2pq ), 
  that is based on one variant of the orthography that it is purposely closest to the castillian language . 
  in the other orthography rules ( called `` reintegrationist '' ) it 's spelled galiza . 
  and in spoken galician their nation is referred as galiza , not galicia . 
  so yeah , in their language the region is called galiza . 
  that 's why the region north of portugal should be reffered to in english by the name in their own language : galiza . 
  tomato , tomato . 
  where 's the fun in that , mate ? 
  hey , you have a ceuta flag passing it by as a lisbon one !, 
  cheeky bastard . 
   bratislava is meh [ did you go in the winter ? 
  bratislava gets very depressing in the winter . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1myqy5yeld0 ), 
  sweden and norway are also very russian , clearly . 
   just like us with portugal [ come at me , bruh !, 
  just because the polish subcontracted the germans to do the dirt for them it does n't make them any less polish because of it . 
   pushed to the west by stalin by churchil and rooselvelt as well . 
  churchil himself thought that prussia was a major threat to future peace in europe and that ceding the rich industrial lands of east prussia to poland was essential to achieve that . 
  in one move it would please the soviets , who want to return to the 1920 line , and would destroy `` prussianism '' ( aka militarism , imperialiams and the german superiority feelings ) that what prevailant in the german society according to the british elite . 
  except for the fact that there 's mud everywhere and you can not travel as fast , which gives the side that is defending a major advantage . 
  the wheater is very bad multiple times which ruins your plans of attack and coordination with air support . 
  your supplies do n't last through out a massive winter campaign and your troops will starve to death and moral will plummet . 
  and let 's not forget that this is the russian winter . 
  -20 or -30 weather can lead to engines to shut down , fuel to freeze etc. 
  go watch a video of a person trying to start a modern car on this type of weather . 
  takes several minutes and with anti-freeze on the water depository . 
  and just to start the damn thing . 
  now just imagine what old engines were like . 
  winter campaigns are short and artillery heavy for a reason . 
   colder that moment when 47 is described as colder . 
  * sweats * * in * * extremadurian *, 
  high sugar levels in the blood , m8, 
  there 's always a poor soul who has to go to work in a suit and sweet more than in a sauna . 
  oliven\u00e7a rightful portuguese clay . 
  remove paelha !, 
  the romans were very much in favour of wife beaters and other tank tops . 
  for portugal , the brazil thing is so beaten down that it has no effect . 
  if you want to really trigger us , you should just incorporate portugal into spain , especially with the franco picture on top , as he supposedly wanted to annex portugal and had a military plan laid out to do so . 
  that would really piss us off . 
  she just lucky that did n't put her in a basement already . 
  their banks did and iceland did n't cover it . 
  greece should 've done the same , althought their public debt was higher and they would most likely default . 
   i must have missed the 1 . 
  panzerdivision rolling down the balkans to enforce the bailout . 
  or what exactly prevented them from defaulting ? 
  your broomsticks are very menancing to the greeks . 
  you know very well . 
   why would they ? 
  the only difference would have been that the austerity would have been a lot harsher no , they would n't . 
  just look at iceland . 
  you make it sound like it was n't germany who push for this solution in the first place . 
  had greece been allowed to default , facing the consequences that came with that , they would be in better position than they are now . 
  they , portugal and ireland were pushed to this solution , but contrary to the latter two it was well known from the get go that greece could n't simply repay those loans . 
  they will default or be granted a debt pardon at some point . 
  there 's no way around it . 
  but their economy was simply destroy meaningless throughout the last decade . 
  from a military standpoint there 's a few things to gain . 
  you tie down the opposition into defending the city and its population , waste significant resources and man power to protect the city , prevent the civilians to be used in the war effort ( factories , etc. ), 
  and if the city falls you significantly demoralize the enemy . 
  but the cons still outweight the pros . 
  as this sends a message that this has to be a fight to the death . 
  surrending is not a option and a negotiated peace is not an option as well . 
  therefore this instiles a great patriotic feeling . 
  you have to do everything in your power to defend your homeland . 
  no other option is available . 
  and that was what the germans did n't account for . 
  the extreme sacrifice that the soviet population and military was willing to endure to win the war . 
  the french suffer such a high number of causalties that they had to surrender , but they knew that the enemy would not butcher their population and wipe them out . 
  the soviets had not such option , as for the very beginning of the war it was clear that the germans would not give them the same conditions .
