  but it does n't for many centuries . 
  and it was reintroduced by franco to the spanish coat of arms after 4 centuries of absence . 
  our coa predates our discovery of bacalhau in the high seas . 
  just a shame that it was n't updated , as it should , to include the glorious bacalhau . 
  that 's a very spanish looking coat of arms . 
  even got franco 's eagle on the back . 
  [ no doubt !, 
  ] ( http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/ag9p3jx_700b.jpg ), 
  no way !, 
  3 lions on a shirt ? 
  i mistaken with the genetive . 
  that 's a goddamn lie , homie . 
  we speak the british version up in this bitch . 
  feel me ? 
  we ai n't ` bout to let the yanks come into your backyard and treat you like some bitch-ass mothafuckah . 
  we got much love for y' all !, 
  we cool , a ` ight ? 
  peace !, 
  what are you implying , cuz ? 
  kill it !, 
  kill it with fire !!, 
  is that just comes natural to the way you language is constructed or kids have to learn to exhaustion ? 
  i learn a tad bit of german and the cases did n't make much sense for me coming from a romance language . 
  there were not particularly difficult to memorise , but you did n't feel that they were needed that much , as you can build a sentence in order way . 
  the necessity of so many cases just fells weird to me , but different languages different constructions . 
  plus it 's not even an indo-european language , which must mean a total different paradigm . 
  yeah , i know this . 
  but do you use all those cases in a day-to-day conversation ? 
  germans have basically ditched the dative , and they have four cases . 
  i do n't think your explanation is helping ... 
  what the actual fuck !, 
  heinrich does n't have the same frequency in germany has mohamed has for muslims , though . 
   russia in times of forming was n't populated only with tribes that originated from kievan rus yes , but the cultural , religion and language influence with more impact was from undoubtfully from kievan rus . 
   saying that russia starts with kievan rus is like saying canada starts with medieval england no , it 's not . 
  for one , the kievan rus has a lot of connections to today 's russian territories , namely novgorod , which was essential for the formation of russian nationality centuries later . 
  second , it 's proven that a significant part of the population moved from the dniepr river region into to what 's today russian territories when kievan rus fell , which was a normal thing in those days , as tribes moved around depending on the ruler , religion , etc. 
  third , even if you want not give continuity between kievan rus and modern russia , which is more than legitimate , comparing two regions that are close to each other to canada and medieval england ? 
  totally different situations . 
  canada , after the british colonised , was populated not only by englishmen , by other british nations , irishmen and every other european nation you can think , similar to any `` new world '' colony that today 's is more populated by descendants of european settlers than natives . 
  russia is n't the sole nation formed from kievan rus , but their history is interchangeable to a certain degree . 
  the same is n't true with canada and medieval england . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the west was behind those , so it were rightful acts of war . 
  some big companies would have to have a word with these commie bastards the slovenes . 
  i do n't know if they sedate the bull , but it has to follow more or less the same procedure as a normal killing of cow as to . 
  with a butcher and they have to give it a clean death . 
  also the meat is used for foot , and not simply throw it away . 
  i my not really for this , but it is a nice compromise between the traditions and wellbeing of the animal . 
  banning the death of bulls in the arena was a major step some decades ago . 
   portuguese humane acrobatic version you mean the forcados ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hyhtexwlm0 btw , the bull is stung before by a horseman and it 's later killed , although it 's not on public display like it happens in spain . 
  make galician ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ portuguese ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ riddled ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mistakes great again !, 
   not that anyone in the uk ends up being able to speak it . 
  germany 's life expectancy is one of the highest in europe and we are 14 years apart from 2030 . 
  what 's going to happen to all those with german surnames ? 
  please , i need to know this . 
  would it be a virus breakthrough that those with arabic surnames are immune ? 
  or will they all go to permanent vacations to mallorca ? 
  please , do n't let this pertinent question go unanswered . 
  that 's the worst of both worlds . 
  i think i would rather be called spanish than get a bottle been thrown at my head . 
  tank is only for tourism aboard . 
  he may go there in a bussiness trip . 
  western geographically eastern in wallet, 
  [ australia can get very balkan sometimes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbnq2nyjxcg ), 
  well , they do n't have one , so there 's that . 
   if you bring in bad people , you 'll get bad results there were not bad people . 
  they simply had a different background , in many ways backwards compared to western values , and they were a complete failure in integration . 
  yes , we are . 
  not everybody can be so isolated from the outside world to the point that your mother is also your cousin like in iceland . 
  i used to buy 1l coke once or twice a week on weekends . 
  it was 1 $ . 
  now it 's 1,25 $ . 
  that 's a big difference . 
  it made me stop consume it so much , which it 's good . 
  i believe this tax can have a powerful influence in changing consumers ' behaviour . 
  i also saw some brands reducing their receipts , by adding less sugar to reduce the final price . 
  of course !, 
  it only costs you one thousand dollars a month . 
  very affordable . 
  i heard that the ussr had some rebuilding to do too . 
  do n't be silly . 
  next your going to say that french fries are actually from belgium or something . 
  in muslim countries and in some balkan countries is the same . 
  i guess we popularise the fruit back in day in the mediterranean . 
  come on now ... 
  this is a national tragedy !, 
  we let the spaniards beat us by almost two seconds !, 
  we need to round up all our nerds and force them to solve rubik 's cube non-stop until we surpass them . 
  just a joke , mate . 
  do n't take it too serious . 
  that 's my favourite drink !, 
  italian oranges are so bitter that you rather throw them at each other than to consume it . 
  same with the spaniards and their weak ass tomatoes . 
  portuguese orange and tomato masterrace !, 
  was the city rebuild for the most part with earthquake-resistant construction ? 
  when lisbon was destroyed by the 1755 earthquake a lot of the major buildings were constructed to resist earthquakes . 
  but most of the city , even buildings from 30 , 40 years ago have little implementation of a seismic design . 
  that 's actually a restaurant franchise in portugal . 
  yeah , i assume it meant the same , but with animals and farm things we sometime deviate a bit ( germanic or arabic loanwords ) from other other romance languages .
