  no need for it . 
  speak for yourself, 
  it 's czechiaslovakia now !, 
  get on with the times , man . 
  just rolls out of the tongue then . 
   austrian cuisine is basically non-existant . 
  i went to a vienna caf\u00e9 to try some local pastry and all i was served was french croissants . 
  i know . 
  they are germany 's alentejanos . 
  of course they are !, 
  luxembourg may be a exclave , but it 's still part of portugal . 
  and we are proud patriots !, 
  damn saarlanders , stealing the jobs of hard working portuguese !, 
  we do it when no one 's looking . 
  ice does n't count !, 
  who said eurovision is easy !, 
  for those you only need to speak $ $ $, 
  do n't mix things up , mate . 
  that 's a sign of erudition and high culture . 
  is it wrong that immediately came to my mind `` babadabupi '' as the speech in the last panel of the italian one ? 
  romania always the odd child out ... 
  portuguese verb tenses masterrace ... oh ... how i dread them in school . 
  most have zero logic behind them . 
   romans had cases , that 's why they conquered the lands around the mediterranean sea and bit of northern europe . 
  ftfy once their descendants dropped the cases , the whole world opened up for them to conquer it . 
  i think not . 
  yup hehe, 
  you can be shitty in a number of ways , depending on the case you use in the word shitty . 
  yes , you were always constantly shitty . 
  you uncivilized swines with your cases !, 
  that 's why you did n't colonize the world . 
  you were too busy trying to decipher your own bloody language !!!, 
  western case-free masterrace !, 
  old habits die hard . 
  do n't worry . 
  we well versed on both subjects . 
  croatia and slovenia rightful portuguese clay !, 
  carajo does n't have the same punch . 
  username checks out . 
  alacant rightful portuguese clay !, 
  plus children and young adults who are in school . 
  that number does n't sound as odd if you put all together . 
  you ca n't collect money from a dead man . 
  yes , those countries have a better economy than portugal . 
  colour me surprised . 
  i was just pointing out that sweden is not a good comparasion . 
  but way more land and therefore resources ( wood , minerals , farming land , etc. ), 
  in some old village in campania an old lady just cried a single tear . 
  even if it was common it would n't be a problem as the 50m mandatory distance between people would make smoke dissipate , for sure . 
  still remember going clubbing and coming home with even my boxers having that somoking smells . 
  and having to put my jacket 3 days outside until smoke stank come out . 
  but still i fell that since asae stop patrolling so much a lot of bars to have the ventilation system on most of the times and a lot of inside smoking goes on , although people simply do n't smoke as much as before . 
  99 years ago tanks were a lot more developed than i would excepted . 
  that they like imposing international conventions on people !, 
   who is going to do that ? 
  russia has about 4.000 reasons for no one to take it from them . 
   russia 's usual collapses occurs the people in this sub ... russia had a revolution to depose the monarchy , like many other countries in europe did in 19nd and begging of the 20th centuries . 
  the only difference is that they estabilished a communist regime , who was desmembered 70 years later . 
  talk about a huge history of collapses to call it `` usual '' ... 
  i could , but now i really do n't have the time to make a detailed answer . 
  but the difference is mainly in terms of family of law rather than the type of code . 
  our code ( 1966 ) , despite taking a different systematic aproach , is more closer to the italian code of 1947 than the german code of 1896 . 
  the socio-economic roots are more similar to the italian reality . 
  however , we differ from the italian code in many things and rather take solutions from the french code on some matter or the german code or in some we took innovative solutions that since have been used by newer codes ( such as the brazilian code of 2002 or the dutch code of 1994 ( ? ) ) . 
  when we talk about napoleonic vs germanic code we are talking about a different systematic approach rather than the content of the law in itself ( [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_code#contents_of_a_civil_code ) in wiki you can get to know what i 'm talking about ) . 
  portugal kinda combined both systems , as it takes the germanic systematic and uses romance influences , so to speak . 
  yes , i am . 
  also have a masters on obligations and contractual law , so this is a subject that always interested me . 
   why germanic law has reached portugal bypassing spain ? 
  it `` reached '' portugal , because the legal scholars in the first half of the 20th century viewed the germanic codification system ( pandect system ) as the better one compared to the napoleonic style codes . 
  nothing to do with napoleon conquering or not portugal . 
  in fact the first civil code ( of 1867 ) was heavily inspired in the french code civil of 1804 . 
   no , but communism was supposed to be the best system there is . 
  yes , on paper it was . 
  but as the 20th century proved time again and again , it 's only an utopic economical theory . 
  you ca n't deny its logic . 
  the day is the most important part and the most variable thing . 
  if i say `` we have a meeting on the 15th '' , you know i 'm talking about this month . 
  having the day as the first is the most logic , as with numbers the attention span of many people is short and they only true . 
  having the most important part right at the front is the most reasonable , imo . 
   it 's the ultimate reversal of the established for you that come from a country that goes month-day . 
  for me , it 's exactly the opposite . 
  but every system has it 's rationale . 
  it 's matter of what you are familiar with , tbh . 
  well , because of american influence in the internet and culture in general , you need to have a basic knowledge of the imperial system . 
  if you know that certain basketball player is 7ft you need to know that is more or less 2 point something meters . 
  that does n't make the system a good one , but only a necessity . 
  i find the american one the least intuitive . 
  a lot of times you get mm-dd-yyyy , which is not sequential and therefore not logical . 
  when they use the international standard ( yyyy-mm-dd ) it 's fine , but not all the times . 
  we normal use the dd-mm-yyyy , which is pretty logical . 
  in europe you use sequential dates . 
  it 's either day-month-year or year-month-day . 
  find the year and the rest is easy to spot . 
  adding roman numerals is a unnecessary complexity . 
  all the systems , except for the american ( colour me surprised ) , are super easy to tell apart . 
  either 2017.02.13 or 13.02.2017 you know exactly which month it is . 
  i demand reparations !, 
  i do n't think they will join the eu if it means having to abdicate of the fresh salmon trade monopoly they currently enjoy . 
  ahhh !,
