  you should read some legal texts to learn about legal and illegal discrimination . 
  a little bit of study never hurt no-one . 
  what is that have to do with being right wing ? 
  we usually have 100 applications . 
  do you think a refugee wants to come to portugal ? 
  to get shit money , when he can come to germany or sweden and get full benefits , a house , a job , etc. 
  they choose what is best for them , and that certainly is n't portugal . 
  considering that we usually take 60 a year , that we are n't on route to germany and that we are in full austerity mode , i said that is a fair deal . 
  and a blatant lllegal one . 
  all i 'm saying . 
  did i say that they should take refugees ? 
  i said that ca n't discriminate among them . 
  different thing . 
  yes , let 's forsake one of the pillars of europe . 
  the rule of law . 
  you right wing guys really love to bend the rules when is good for you . 
  what 's next ? 
  let 's deport unwanted nationals ? 
  fuck their rights , amirite ? 
  there 's always an excuse . 
  you are 3/4th generation french . 
  you lived in a pretty liberal country , that although you may face discrimination , you are free to profess your religion and do what you want , work where you want , have a reasonable priced education and all . 
  your government support some countries that promote islamism , so let me join those nutjobs . 
  it 's because of my government supporting some assholes that share my religion in a far away peninsula that i will became a terroris and fight the very country that my grandparents were born in ? 
  tbh , i 'm tired of this narrative . 
  there 's plenty of information , plenty of opportunities . 
  this narrative that islamic extremists are the result of western imperialism and oppression , etc. 
  is bs . 
  do you see orthodox christians blowing up mosques because of the ottoman imperialism ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  you see non-muslim black africans ( the most exploited bunch ) blowing up shit ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  islamic communities need to start assuming that there 's a problem in their religion that needs to be addressed and that it needs to be a reformed ( like with happen with christianity a few centuries ago ) . 
  you see muslim having a go at every religion they came across , hindus , buddhists , taoists , jews , etc. 
  literally everyone have incidents with them . 
  that is ultimate their problem , and are they that should be trying hard to solve it , instead of playing the victim of oppression card , specially those communities living in the west . 
  get rid of the nutjobs , discredit them , do n't show up to their preaches , report them to the authorities , etc. 
  otherwise , sooner or later the majority will snap . 
  too many fucking incidents in a small time-frame . 
  even last week we saw another almost disaster caused by it , only a few months after charlie hebdo . 
  edit : grammar and errors . 
  that 's bs , mate . 
  plenty of immigrant communities in france that are facing the burden of neo-liberalism and are n't shooting up or bombing nobody . 
  islamic communities are at fault here . 
  control your own communities , your kids and expel/outcast any nutjob of a religious leader that talk to the youth . 
  fuck off , you racist prick . 
  first thing that came to my mind while reading that story . 
  that and pollos hermanos smugglers trucks because with happen in a poultry company truck . 
  i 'm the ruler of europe , now ? 
  that 's nice of you to bestow with such power . 
  you seem to not understand that i agree with him . 
  slovakia still has the normal asylum procedures open to anyone . 
  so maybe should be i to consider you ability to read ... and you can not go to another country and browse refugees and choose who you want ? 
  it 's not me that says that is unlawful , is the conventions that slovakia is part of and their constitution ( probably ) . 
  every government action , being administrative or legal , is bound by the respect of the human rights , * via * the constitution or the echr , cfr , etc. 
  and in every of them it says that you can not discriminate because of religion , colour , sex , political views , etc. , unless there is a legitimate reason for it , like for example we will give preference to families with children , because they are more vulnerable . 
  slovakian government like any other is ruled by laws . 
  they can not to what the fuck they want . 
  is that a so hard concept to grasp ? 
  that 's lawful and unlawful discrimination . 
  it 's a fairly simple concept . 
  you can discriminate as long as it 's reasonable and does not go against the constitution . 
  and discrimination based on religion goes . 
  slovakia would still violating their constitution , the echr , the cfr . 
  this would be a law or administrative procedure that clearly discriminates , without a lawful reason , based solely upon religion . 
  if they took refugees at all is another question . 
  what they ca n't do is denied a muslim asylum when a christian , in the same situations ( same country , etc. 
  ) , is granted such status . 
  that 's text book discrimination . 
  and you would n't apply the refugee convention , but directly their constitution . 
  however , like i said in another comment , what slovakia can do is to target a special endangered group , in this case syrian christians ( because they are being attacked in the refugee camps , for instance ) , but this has to be a special procedure of asylum running in parallel with the normal one , which must be open to people of all creeds and colours . 
  this is what is called positive discrimination in law terms , which is not only allowed by the constitutions , but also promoted in several aspects of life . 
  affirmative action is one example of it . 
  most germans were n't in danger in wwii . 
  they were not being rushed to the gas chamber . 
  however , for example , if roma germans were denied asylum , a prosecuted minority , because of their ethnicity then you would have an unlawful discrimination . 
  the same with last say , german mennonites if they were denied asylum because of their religion . 
  this of course in the assumption that the denial is coming for the fact that they were being prosecuted because of their religion . 
  if france denied asylum because they were germans from a country that they were at war with that would n't be unlawful discrimination , for obvious reasons . 
  what you are writing is describing an unlawful discriminatory procedure . 
  we take syrian christians from other countries ( italy , greece ) , but only christians . 
  that is text book discrimination based on religion , even if any syrian muslim refugee goes to slovakia and it 's processed like any other . 
  in that case it may be lawful , as long there 's a real endangerment to those people ( which seems there 's ) , being target by their religion and slovakia wants to avoid their persecution . 
  it applies to every person , citizen or not . 
  you can take christian syrians over muslims ones , given them priority , if they are a more in dangerous group . 
  what you can not do is to take only christians . 
  that is basically a discrimination based on religion , which goes against the european convention of human rights , eu charter of fundamental rights , etc. , and most likely the slovakian constitution also . 
  so your government would be acting in clear violation of the law . 
  does discrimination based on religion rings you a bell ? 
  that violate about a thousand rules of european law , and most likely the slovakian constitution ( assuming that it 's a western-like constitution ) . 
  do n't see this go to well in a slovakian court . 
  that 's a way to look at it . 
  everyone talks about protecting private data . 
  some data is illegally leaked . 
  everyone quickly rushes to expose public figures involved in something that is of absolutely no public interest . 
  that 's the world we live in . 
  i think he is referring to the `` i 'm taking this to grave '' attitude , like in this chappelle bit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llwlbgj0uoc, 
  one word : strap-on . 
  sending them back to italy or greece would n't resolve the problem . 
  it would create a refugee ping-pong match between the countries .
