  that 's just the reality . 
  they are applicants , but they still need to be feed and housed . 
  and a process of refusal takes a 1 year or more ( with appeals and the system being clogged ) . 
  and even if we considered only the 200.000 that came yearly that would be a million people in a 5 year span . 
  a million ? 
  where there are jobs for some many people that do n't have even basic english , let alone the numerous ( way harder ) national languages . 
  that are uneducated and can only to unskilled labour . 
  i read it somewhere that in sweden , a country that has a rich economy and is welcoming of immigrants , a refugee takes 7 years to find a job . 
  if this is true , i ca n't check right now , how can we take so many people ? 
  the thing that differentiates both situation is not that they are not white , like someone suggest it here , is that they are from a different continent and different culture . 
  most refugee stay in surrounding areas . 
  that 's how it 's been through history and even in 20th century . 
  if ukrainians have to massively flee their country most people in europe would receive them . 
  but what you see with syrian refugees is that they are accompanied by people from countries not at war that try to enter europe with them . 
  it 's just too many . 
  too much culture shock , too much people . 
  and this is not like it was in the 50 's , where there was a job for every unskilled person . 
  we live in post-industrialised economies , where 's there 's barely any jobs for the residents ( outside of some countries ) and we are coming at a face pace to a automation future . 
  you can not expect that portugal , for example , to receive 50.000 people . 
  there 's no job for them . 
  the state can not provide basic living conditions , because there 's no money to spare . 
  there 's welfare cuts ( strict unemployment benefits , healthcare is reduced , etc. ), 
  for the nationals , who led to massive wave of immigration and still the unemployment rate is big . 
  you gave an example of 180.000 hungarians refugees that were scattered through out europe . 
  this year alone came 800.000 only to germany . 
  there 's 5 million syrian refugees that might want to come ? 
  where to you put so many people ? 
  there 's jobs , houses for such a massive migration wave ? 
  move to albania . 
  if you do n't come with the french behind you , we wo n't need the english to kick your butt . 
  in portugal it lead to the european sovereign debt crisis . 
  damn , we are unlucky . 
  you guys might want to pick up a history book . 
  this never ended well for you guys . 
  but nonetheless we can negotiate . 
  i do n't mind trading stocks of paella for francesinhas . 
   there 's no such thing as a free lunch . 
  if you want turkey hummm , turkey ... 
  how a guy from that war torn place like ghana is not getting a house ? 
  did n't he suffer enough ? 
  do n't you dare call the azores african , mate . 
  about trade : have you some cod in your waters ? 
  if so we can send some boats . 
  illegal workers tend to not have their jobs registered , mate . 
  wow ... just wow . 
  germany needs to act fast or soon they will have wide spread violent incidents . 
  crack down on those bastards . 
  can they just enter latvia and then go to estonia undetected and ~ ~ kidnap ~ ~ give someone a ride ? 
  well , would this fence stop a ~ ~ tank ~ ~ reinforced tourist bus ? 
  damn , galegos , you need to stop drinking queimada before going to work . 
  no one cares really . 
  but calling austria western and us southern seems a bit dumb to me . 
  act hard ? 
  if you divide europe in north and south ? 
  i 'm southern and have a lot of pride in it . 
  by if you also add west and east to the equation , then i 'm from the west . 
  just look at the geography , like i said . 
  westernmost country in europe . 
  no , it traditionally falls in to the west . 
  i have more things in common with a french than a greek or serbian , and not to mention that having two countries west of france and label them south , calling france , germany or austria west is just ridiculous . 
  that 's really good for a beginning of a police state . 
  knowing exactly what you buy at all times , without possibility of escaping . 
  no thank you , i rather deal with tax evasion and illegal activities than that . 
  the point being that if you say that france is western europe you ca n't label portugal as southern europe . 
  yes . 
  just south ? 
   extremes of the european continent , including islands  westernmost point . 
  monchique islet , azores islands , portugal ( 31 \u00b0 16 \u2032 30 \u2033 w ) . 
   mainland europe  westernmost point . 
  cabo da roca , portugal ( 9\u00ba29 ' 56.44 w ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extreme_points_of_europe now , go away little albino . 
  i guess kosovars and macedonians are willing to work for even less than a pole or slovakian in constructions site , cleaning , restaurants , etc. 
  and as long as you get cash you can do pretty much everything . 
  you do n't need a bank account for basic stuff , not even housing . 
  they are trying to save as much as possible so they do n't mind living in shitty flats . 
  there is always a parallel market , which immigrants are probably introduced by their shady employers . 
  edit : grammar and shit . 
  how so ? 
  what ? 
   what 's the point of letting balkan refugees with a 99 % decline rate get to germany ? 
  have you heard of something called illegal workers ? 
  they come to germany and ask for asylum , they are denied in a few months . 
  meanwhile they can stay in the country , get accustomed with , find a job and are only being deported if they get caught . 
  which probably has a low change of happening , since germany has a shit tone of immigrants and the police are n't going door-to-door looking for illegals . 
  portugal , the country most to west ... nah , you are southern europe , mate . 
  not really . 
  i just tired , to be honest , of excuses . 
  it 's a problem , and we ( europeans ) must admit it is . 
  i 'm not anti-muslim or anything . 
  just feel that muslim communities have done very little ( or at least is what transpires to the public ) to tackle the issue , other than saying the nutjobs are tiny minority and that islam is a religion of peace . 
   we don \u00b4 t get 60 a year . 
   we had 440 applicants in 2014 ( not sure the 25 for morocco are going to be accepted . 
  ) , of which there were 155 decisions ( these take time , are probably about 2013 applicants or earlier where there less seekers ) , ** of which 60 were accepted ** and 115 rejected . 
  i kind of see the point of rejections - morocco ? 
  take 60 refugees , not claims . 
  of course that while their claims are being evaluated they reside in portugal . 
  that 's the same in every country as in compliance with the refugee convention . 
  in portugal is usual to use a point instead of a comma and in reddit as well , as there are 443 europeans and another one that not quite complete ( 0.828 ) in the sub . 
  dumb ? 
  do n't make me laugh .
