  ftfy, 
  mate , are you going to post on every comment i made regarding the baltics with the same shit ? 
  and `` international law '' existed at time in more or less the same manner as it is viewed today . 
  international is shaped by the westphalia treaty that ended the 30 years war . 
  guess you also were `` illegally occupied '' by the russian empire too . 
  revisionism is great . 
  the baltics were n't part of nothing to do with russia ever . 
  it was always illegal occupation . 
  \u00c7 is a sign of civilization . 
  just go ask the french . 
  even the name is barbarian . 
  virgil is spinning in his grave . 
  that 's a crime !, 
  that 's a crime , i tell you !, 
  who the fuck uses an inverted cedille on a `` e '' ? 
  that 's a butchery against the latin script !, 
  you should cyrillic if you feel the need to do some heinous act like this . 
  did he got demoted in the meanwhile ? 
  come on !, 
  $ 38 for a blouse in romania ? 
  are you trying to take advantage of a rich westerner ... ca n't even finnish that sentence ... * sobs looking at his empty wallet * edit : typo, 
  of course it does . 
  that 's a protective layer . 
  bring a coat ? 
  and cover that god-given belly ? 
  this is a 100 % wine belly . 
  being governor of maryland is really taken a toll on carcetti . 
  he looks way older now . 
  everything is eastern in poland !, 
  with those colours it had to pay homage to grass !, 
  r/memeeconomy proves that such business model is totally feasible . 
  polish girls are damn beautiful , so i totally get their stance . 
  if this comment reaches 1000 upvotes , i will do nothing and get 1000 more karma than i deserve it . 
  exactly what i said . 
  you have no business doing this . 
  you either get yourself dead by decease ( instead of actually bringing new deceases and decimating the whole region ) or side with the damn natives !, 
  you guys in the east have no place to go around colonizing places !, 
  you guys are supposed to be subjects of empires , not the other way around . 
  i know there 's many `` translated '' names for cities , specially for capitals or former capitals/city states . 
  just curious because it used to be a german city and it is n't no more . 
  maybe your are a sleepwalker . 
  you never know . 
  do you still referred to it as danzig in germany ? 
  the hell you will !, 
  that 's why you are sending hordes of romanian sleeper agents all over europe . 
  your plan has been discovered !, 
   western romania you mean eastern hungary , right ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ reverse ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ trianon !, 
  yeah , you are right ... 
  wait , i 'm now a russian too . 
  russia as the scapegoat is great . 
  everything that is bad in europe and the us , we can claim it that the russians were behind even despite the slightest evidence pointing in that direction . 
  double down on the karma train . 
  seems you are a avid consultant of r/memeeconomy . 
  do n't be like that . 
  he 's just fluent in montenegrin , serbian , croatian , bosnian and herzegovin . 
  thank you stranger for the gold . 
  let 's make greece great again !, 
  when sweden it 's sending their women , they do n't send their best ... 
  they are fat , they are ugly and some i assume are fuckable . 
  yes , we know nothing about being ruled by a muslim empire . 
  a swedish pen in lithuanian paper . 
  what more influence do you need to put a viking helmet on ? 
  do n't sell yourself short . 
  the union of k\u0117dainiai totally makes you nordic . 
  exactly . 
  once in the middle ages the danes and the swedes ruled the baltics therefore you are totally nordic . 
  except from belonging to the same country for the best part if the last two centuries , you have nothing to do with russia or ukraine . 
  risky click of the day . 
  and if they had claimed it ? 
  would you give it up ? 
  i have a feeling you would n't . 
  so lithuania is a not a successor of the lssr ? 
  i guess than the old borders should be the standard then . 
  no sense in recognising what the lssr had as you not a legal successor . 
  when vilno would be delivered to poland ? 
  ah right !, 
  you have the exact borders of lssr and do n't plan to give none of it . 
  guess for that you do n't mind succeeding the lssr . 
  as for portugal referred as you want . 
  we know our history . 
  do n't need sugar coat nome of it . 
  i meant to say legal not illegal . 
  of course it was illegal . 
  but so it were most territory changes through history , even recent ones . 
  that does n't negate the fact that you were on fact incorporated into the su . 
  the soviet republic in 1920 had a different view than the one 1939 regarding the validity of your independence . 
  but you know that , or at least should , assuming you were taught half-decently at your various history classes throught the years . 
  was the occupation ilegal ? 
  it was nice and dandy ? 
  i fear it was n't . 
  how did you take such assumptions from my replies i ca n't understand , but guess that what 's happen when you discuss most things with most users from the balts in this subreddit . 
   if you were n't soviet republics then basically only russia were one i guess . 
   lssr was , not republic of lithuania . 
  i can only laught at this , really . 
  guess that from 1945 through 1990/1/2 there was a void in the present-day lithuanian territory . 
  the ussr viewed your independence has ilegitimed . 
  made an agreement with an another `` empire '' to reconquer the baltic territories and then proceed to do it , then the `` great patriotic war '' ensued and after wwii the ussr became victorious and had effective control of the balts for 50 years . 
  now if you want to call it illegal occupation or any other eufemism call it at will . 
  but in fact you were part of the ussr .
