  i 'm not playing this game . 
  those maps are n't accurate , at least in portugal . 
  i believe more than 27 % can hold a decent conversation in english . 
  and spanish probably around 80 % given the similarities with the languages . 
  too many vowels . 
  i disagree with any change . 
  red and green is the colour that the portuguese people identified themselves with , in the same manner as the french with the tricolour flag . 
  both flags with their colour scheme represent a cut with the past , but ours keep the symbol of portugal with our shield , keeping the past well represented in our flag . 
  the white flag is just dated in time and the blue and white represent the short united kingdom with brazil and the constitutional monarchy . 
  no place in today 's portuguese society . 
   green represents hope and red the courage and the blood of the portuguese fallen in combat , red can also represent the republic . 
  the green and red represent the colours of the republican party . 
  estado novo started awarding the meaning of hope and courage , but it was only propaganda so the flag had a more honourable justification of the colours . 
  it has a simple meaning as that , in a similar way to the french flag ( cutting ties with the monarchy ) . 
   the seven castles around the white shield represent the fortified locations that don afonso henriques conquered from the moors . 
  this is also not true . 
  the `` traditional '' meaning that were are taught in school ( another leftover from the estado novo propaganda days ) is that the seven castles symbolize the conquer of seven moorish fortresses on the conquest of algarve ( concluded in 1249 ) . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the number of castles varied through the times , first it was 16 , then 12 and finally 7 . 
  the castles are only there since afonso iii incorporate them to the royal shield , most likely to represent his family ties with castile ( red banner with golden castles ) . 
  his mother and wife were from the castillian royal family . 
  edit :  the dots inside each of the blue shield represents the five wounds of christ also this is also another misconception . 
  the five blue shields ( `` as quinas '' ) are inspired in the five wounds of christ , but the white dots are n't . 
  in the fist centuries the shield had much more than 5 dots ( bezants ) inside each escutcheon and varied through the history . 
  the current set of 5 dots were set by king john ii and remained ever since . 
  the fascist propaganda still remains in the way kids are though about the meaning of flag , unfortunately . 
  it has a rich history and it varied a lot , especially in medieval times and kids should learn the true meaning , not some easy to follow story , especially in history classes . 
  portugal , portugal , portugal !!!!, 
  * grabs the garraf\u00e3o de tintol *, 
  cerveja , one of the few words of celtic origin in the iberian peninsula romance languages . 
  the romans may have built roads and other buildings , but we were already well provided with the most important of things . 
  the atlantic ocean . 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ bit ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ galiza . 
  on the contrary . 
  using the term nazis is a today social accepted term to kind remove responsibility from what the germans ( as in the german army ) did . 
  it 's like some alien , almost mystical group of evil people , when in fact most of the crimes were made , although following orders , by people not affiliated with the party , your regular joe , but with a helmet and a rifle . 
  the same way that it was the british and the americans `` genocided '' the native americans , not the `` pilgrims '' or that it was the portuguese ( army ) made atrocities in the colonial wars , not the estado novo . 
  that 's the only away to move forward as a people , by accepting the past and learning from it in order to avoid in the future those type of behaviour . 
  calais by itself is not going to get fix without addressing the main issue . 
  to fix the migrant problem that we are facing you need to sort out libya . 
  a military intervention to put that place in order , maybe even divide the country among ethnic lines , etc. 
  this will probably wo n't happen since there no political consensus , european countries are pretty much useless at deciding military interventions without the us ( the balkans wars prove that ) and russia would most likely veto a un force just to perpetuate the crisis that as retaliation for the economic sanctions they are facing . 
  regarding the syria conflict , most refugee are settled in neighbour countries and the ones that are coming are mostly economic migrants in search of a better life . 
  you need to heavily finance those neighbour countries and made them control the refugee camps in other for those persons to not come to eu . 
  but getting european leaders to agree in something is already difficult enough and after the last divisive years the situation got even worst , so they would probably just try to do what they are doing now , throwing a few euros at the problem and hope that it passes . 
  with would be easier for all if germany just auschluss poland . 
  problem solved . 
  since luxembourg population is like 20 % ethnic portuguese i vote for annexation , because we need to protect those people * \u00e0 la * russia . 
  the short one , yes . 
  but when you choose your language or nationality in the internet is always portugal and poland just comes before alphabetically . 
  i always curious about how citizens from \u00c5land feel towards finland ( and sweden ) , since they are swedish speakers and are only part of finland because of political reasons . 
  coming from one of the most homogeneous countries in europe and one that has its continental borders the same since 1249 ( bar oliven\u00e7a ) i always imagine what is like to live in those type of situations . 
   menir da meada / r/portugalcaralho ^ ^ ^ quite ^ ^ ^ literal ^ ^ ^ actually, 
  sure , but if wwii was a `` conventional '' war , without the whole slavs are sub-human and should be enslaved in a colony of germany , germany would n't lose that much territory , especially in the areas where ethnic germans were the vast majority . 
  today ( and post-war ) germany accepts the lost territory because they know the type of shit they pulled and they accept the other powers needed to `` nerf '' germany on eastern europe . 
  otherwise soon after the war it would 've been another war with poland for that territory , like it most often happens after `` conventional '' wars . 
  even a deadly war like wwi led to wwii in no small part to territory claims of germany ( forgetting the all nazism connotations ) . 
  the annexation of `` sudetenland '' in czechoslovakia was viewed more or less as legitimate , for example . 
  damn poland . 
  not only you force me to type `` por '' instead of `` po '' when selecting my nationality on the internet , but you are the only that beats us on the percent of ethnic nationals by country ( shit island malta does n't count ) . 
  damn you , i say . 
  i know , but that 's the biggest premise about east prussia being today 's poland and russia . 
  no wwii and those territories would n't be modern poland . 
  if you did n't try to genocide half of eastern europe those territories would still be yours . 
  my bad . 
  just saw countries with scientific nobels . 
  reverse ethnic cleansing . 
  as when you try to wipe out another ethnic group , but backfires and you lose significant part of your former territory . 
  bad example . 
  sulejmani is not albanian , he is gorani ( slavic muslims that reside in serbia , kosovo , macedonia and albania areas ) . 
  so since he was born in serbia is fair to say serbian , even if he 's not serb . 
  that list is n't true . 
  portugal has one nobel on the field of medicine . 
  i was talking about the whole economic sanctions made against russia . 
  if we are block russian products i do n't know , but we are in fact stopping the cooperation with them , forbidding to sell technology , stop exporting a tones of products and also financial products . 
  disproportionate ? 
  russia economy is hurting more than ours . 
  they are fighting back . 
  simple as that . 
  if it 's legit is another history , but do n't expect to have normal relations when there are from both sides propaganda and economical wars . 
  all i 'm saying . 
  the level of discrimination that roma suffer in eastern europe is disgusting to be honest . 
  in portugal , we have roma and we have social integration problems as well . 
  the distrust is deeply deep-rooted in their communities , because of centuries of discrimination and social exclusion . 
  most work in fairs and sell things in types of street markets . 
  the majority drops out of school too early and do n't have normal jobs . 
  but outside of a few bad ghetto type of neighborhoods they are more or less integrated and are far away for a bunch criminals . 
  and those in the bad neighborhoods are not much different from blacks or whites that live in those type of social exclusion conditions . 
  it 's far from perfect and there 's still a lot of racism , but from what you heard about those countries our roma communities do n't face even half of the social exclusion that others face in their respective countries . 
  we also experienced the coming of roma from eastern european countries , namely romania , in the last few years and it 's totally different . 
  those come as `` professional '' beggars , being exploited by networks of mafiasos . 
  little kids that spend all their day begging instead of going to school . 
  it 's really revolting and our government does jack shit . 
  it 's like these countries are not on a * de facto * economical war with russia or anything . 
  boycotting russia products and all . 
  that 's what happen when the politics of both nations are antagonizing towards another . 
  why would canada join the eu ? 
  they are too fair way to rip most of the benefits of a free market . 
  they have significant oil and gas reserves and they are a growing economy , still receiving tones of immigrants . 
  no reason to join a organization from other continent that faces unemployment problem , slow economy and that ca n't decide what it will be in the future .
