  that 's because europeans of past generations worked hard to make it so . 
  my concern is the current generation of european leadership does not have what it takes to protect and maintain what it inherited . 
  are you saying that what is happening now is europe ` faring well ' ? 
  thats a real head scratcher . 
  they do in this case . 
  when are germans guests in their own country ? 
  no it 's not a house , well done for identifying that . 
  it does not mean that similar principles do not apply to both . 
  the people you do let in your house though , you expect them to behave a certain way and respect your property , and when they do n't do that you remove them from the premises . 
  keep it up poland . 
  it is only a tiny minority of the liberal cultural elite in western europe that want to enforce this migrant sharing . 
  disregard them , the rest of us do n't care . 
  strong leadership and self belief from our cultural and political elite would go along way to resolving this . 
  if they don #t believe the west is worth defending and the best of all available civilizations present , then why should all these new comers respect our way of ife ? 
   deterrence effect is based on likelihood of getting caught , not severity . 
  i cant read the review now , but is this from a western country with an effective criminal justice system ? 
  show me that stats where the singaporean death penalty for drug smuggling does not deter drug smuggling in singapore . 
  agree . 
  he 's talking about murder , i 'm talking about drug smuggling . 
  i 'm not arguing for pro death penalty here , i 'm just pointing out thar despite what you say , the severity of the punishment is actually a factor in deterrence , now that may be less of factor than the likelyhood of being caught but still a factor none the less . 
  and if you dispute that you do n't know crims as the severity of punishment changes their behaviour as does the chances of being caught . 
  as far as singapore and the death penalty goes , their country , their rules . 
  i find their criminal justice system harsh . 
  the death penalty has very much to do with my decisoin for a ` never , ever ' under any circumstances situation . 
  remove the death penalty from the equation , and add more reward to the risk/reward ratio and i would think differently . 
   and if you do n't think you 'll get caught the penalty does n't matter . 
  under no circumstances would i think that there was no risk involved , that would be crazy . 
  in my current circumstances , i would not do this because i have no need to , the risk/reward threshold is too low for 30 years . 
  but this does not apply to all people . 
  yes it is , as is prison time but to a lesser extent . 
  people have different thresholds for deterence , for some 5 years prison is below that threshold . 
  if singapore changed their senencing from death to 5 years prison , we could moniter this by observing if offending rates increased over time . 
  i would n't do it under any circumstances if i thought i would get caught . 
  that would defeat the puropse as i would not be rewarded for my risk . 
   if you are doing it under duress ( criminal threat from others ) then you are n't liable for the crime anyway the singaporean criminal justice system takes a different view as some have found out to their detriment . 
   but you , in your current state , as you are now , as a person would n't do it . 
  no , but i have no motivation too . 
  you ca n't possibly say that this is true for all people . 
  there are worse in se asia . 
  some would and some would n't . 
  people have different thresholds for deterence . 
  under certain circumstances maybe , if i owed a lot of money to criminals for example . 
  alot of people in desperate situations would do it too . 
  being hanged in changi prison deters me more than 30 years prison . 
  far more people would do it if the penalty was only 5 years . 
  you can get a good wad of cash for muling drugs through international borders . 
  i do n't buy this argument that the death penality is innefective in detering crime . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm never , ever going to try and smuggle a small amount of heroin through singapore airport after hearing about all the people who get * hanged for doing just that . 
  * my post relates specifically to drug smuggling in singapore and not to any other crime you can think up . 
  if that 's true ... once upon a time , only a few years ago i thought these soughts of people had no hope of fulling their desire to destroy the west , but recently after witnessing the incompetence and weekness of our political and cultural elite in defence of the west , i think they will be the ones to do us in . 
  people blame post modernism infecting our cultural elites , i also would add neo liberal capatilism driving our economies as an ailment . 
  that was why i was glad to hear trump 's speach in warsaw . 
  merkel , clinton or obama would never have given that speach . 
  i get told on the subreddit when i say we need to secure our borders and reject migrants from entering via illegal ways , people bleat at me about noble ` european values ' etc. 
  and we have to give these people a chance to present their case . 
  i 've stopped being a left wing progressive because of this , now i 'd pick up an old .303 and happily shoot any foriegn bastard that became a threat to us in our home . 
  i think highly of people of iranian decent who live in the west . 
  a highly civilized people . 
  my cousin did two tours in afghanistan . 
  he told me he once saw a guy fucking a goat in the middle of the street , it seemed like a normal occurance as no locals made a fuss . 
  maybe thats why i could n't find it in the new submissions after i posted it . 
  i thought this submission might have been shadow blocked by a mod . 
  what filter are you talking about ? 
  i am unaware of any filter . 
  awesome gif . 
  states who have the will can do whatever the like is these situations and get away with it . 
  it even increases their popularity !, 
  see australia 's [ tampa affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tampa_affair )  when the tampa entered australian water , the prime minister ordered the ship be boarded by australian special forces . 
  ** this brought censure from the government of norway , which said the australian government failed to meet its obligations to distressed mariners under international law at the united nations . 
  that map is not much help if your trying to find a ship in big sea . 
  the flare would help to identify exactly where a ship is in poor visibility conditions and in the case of more than one ship , which ship you should head for . 
  i think we are still a long way from minimal sense . 
  the problem with that being , this rule will give ngos de facto permission to enter libyan waters in all other circumstances , as long as there is no libyan coast guard in the immediate vicinity , they can go as far as they like to pick up migrants whose life ` is clearly in danger ' mearly by being in a boat on the sea . 
   the code of conduct will include a categorical ban on ngos entering libyan waters unless human life is clearly in danger . 
  well that ones going to be next to useless as a ship captain can determine anybody is a shoddy unseaworthy vessel life is in imminent danger . 
  yes and it 's even mentioned in this article in der speigel that these boats are being ordered by libyan people smugglers to transport migrants . 
  i know of a afghan refugee family near where i live and the seem like a normal family , but this is damming :  this brings us to a third , more compelling and quite disturbing theory -- the one that my afghan friend , the court translator , puts forward . 
  on the basis of his hundreds of interactions with these young men in his professional capacity over the past several years , he believes to have discovered that ** they are motivated by a deep and abiding contempt for western civilization . 
  to them , europeans are the enemy , and their women are legitimate spoils , as are all the other things one can take from them : housing , money , passports . 
  ** their laws do n't matter , their culture is uninteresting and , ultimately , their civilization is going to fall anyway to the horde of which one is the spearhead . 
  no need to assimilate , or work hard , or try to build a decent life here for yourself -- these europeans are too soft to seriously punish you for a transgression , and their days are numbered . 
  this is exactly the sort of thing europe needs to crack down on if there is to be any hope of successfull intergration . 
  tis true , you can even order inflatable refugee boats on ali baba https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/high-quality-refugee-boat-inflatable-pontoons_60606629063.html, 
  both of those countries were under leftwing governments when they got handed the rulling and they gave up and never challenged the rulings further . 
  if european counties commited themselves to challenging the ecj rulings they would get a favourable outcomes . 
  the irony is , this would also be terminal to europes welfare states . 
  australia is also subject to the constraints you mentioned , interpereter , legal advice etc. 
  the enhanced screening polcy was even challenged in the supreme court and the government won . 
  what we have at the moment in europe is a situation where no governmet is willing to commit to a policy and fight for it . 
  are you sure about all of that ? 
  people keep making these claims but it 's never been tested to the full extent where a government fully backed a policy and fought for it in the courts . 
  the one time the italians got in trouble with the courts they essentially folded the moment they recieved a strongly worded letter . 
  if you got enough significant eu countries to back a policy and fight for it i think they will end up with the win . 
  [ enhanced screening ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/03/asylum-seekers-may-be-subject-to-speedy-on-water-screenings )  it takes days for asylum seekers to arrive by boat in australian waters , but it can take just a few short questions to send them straight home, 
  as picking migrants up within sight of the libyan coast does not help . 
  does this offend any irish people ? 
  you guys should give back as good as you get . 
  indonesia has the blessing of being an entirely volcanic island chain with high rainfall , very arable soil . 
  so is it incorrect to describe a mayor of a london borough as a london mayor ?
