they do use armed guards in somalia . 
  i have a better life than my grandparents by all measures , whether or not i deserve that is a meaningless question . 
  i have a better life partly because of the efforts they made in theirs . 
  i 'd be surprised if msf did not rely on armed protection in some of the areas they operate . 
  the rebrand according to whatever the language is in the nation they are operating . 
  in germany for example as \u00c4rzte ohne grenzen . 
  ah , i see your point and i 'll add that the german public were mostly mislead by their cultural and political elites ( especially their publicy funded television media ) about the nature of the crisis . 
  i say this because i was living in germany at the time and had been following the migration crisis issue long before it blew up in 2015 . 
   i do n't fault them for trying . 
  i do , for several reasons . 
  not least because when germany does things like that , they also effect a host of other countries in europe as well as turkey . 
  germany 's migration crisis was also a crisis for the while of the eu and was the deciding factor in the brexit vote . 
  given the rising instances of antisemitic attacks in germany commited by migrant populations , we are going to need alot more of those road to damascus conversions the kind of which you have described . 
  i shall remain sober in my outlook that germany 's migrant populations wont be abandoning their rather ugly attitudes en masse any time soon . 
  it 's the same story for all legacy media in the internet age , but the guardian seems to have also undergone an ideological takeover by a certain section of the left and has become more activist in its editorial line . 
  then why did n't it do the same thing for poland ? 
  they had an even worse experience of the war . 
  by your argument they should be the most welcoming people . 
  maybe i just met the arab mel gibson . 
  are people in germany really suprised that arab muslims hold these these attitudes ? 
  i once got chatting to an affable kuwait man outside a starbucks in germany who was visiting on holidays . 
  he told me that he would not buy coffee from starbucks as it was jewish business ( i do n't know if this is true or not ) . 
  keeping in mind that i just met him and he would not know me from a bar of soap , he then proceeded to tell me that isis was an israli plot to sew chaos in the muslim world and that he had a great dislike for jews ( this was in germany ! ) . 
  i looked him in the eye and told him i have no problems with jews and thought they were allright . 
  that kind of wound up our conversation . 
  oh boy indeed . 
  smfh, 
  this goes far beyond self critism , right into self loathing so common and hardly original amongst the european far left . 
  it 's no accident the poem is reprinted in english to reach an international audience . 
  as far as i can tell , one would need to be taught by an expert to make a vest ad effective as his was . 
  a home taught person wouldnt have the knowledge to build one like that . 
  it either wouldnt explode properly on blow up in his face . 
  really ? 
  i understand he was in libya where he got his training . 
  he must have learned there how to make one . 
  so there is at least one skilled suicide vest maker still at large in the uk ? 
  but i guess i should n't worry about that because i 'm more likley to die from suffocation by shower curtain than terrorism . 
  did they ever discover who made the manchester bomber 's suicide vest ? 
  germans still lacking sense of humor i see . 
  show this graph to the victims of sexual assault . 
  & gt ; we germans are very proud of this country and of the fact that we managed to get along with the rest of the world for quite a while now . 
  this reminds me of that chris rock stand up bit where he talks about a black guy boasting that he 's never been to jail . 
  ` you aint supposed to go to jail you dumb mother fucker !, 
  non-residents are included in the numbers right ? 
  the population of australian nationals in germany increases by several thousand , young men in particular at that time of year ,, 
  still should have charted below thailand . 
  im all most willing to put money on betting that those 4 offences were commited in late september to early october . 
   it may partially be because they face little consequences here , as u.s. soldiers ca n't face regular german court . 
  im pretty sure this is wrong . 
  and i konw for sure that any us personel in germany comitting those crimes you describe face serious consequenses . 
  australia should be on the chart between the us and turkey . 
  australia did n't even make the cut but japan and vietnam did . 
  i remember reading and watching the german media during the migration crisis and being absolutly gob-smacked at how much of it totally abandoned critical reportage and became willing advocates for merkel 's policy . 
  i lost alot of faith in the ability of german media to seperate itself from what was obvioulsy the hysteria of the day and report on the story objectively . 
  perhaps some look back on those days with self criticism , perhaps not . 
  i will say i remember some very critical opinion peices in the conservative newspapers at the time , so it was n't all bad . 
   and both feed off the political zionism found in israel . 
  go and find out how much isis ever talked about israel and palestine , it was n't alot . 
  israel/palestine is just a crutch used by islamists in the west as a wedge issue . 
  the main concern of isis was shia iran and other islamic heritics like the saudi royal family . 
  the jihadist 's main goal is the purity of religion in muslims lands , any outside civilization clash is a secondary matter to them . 
  from a similar report :  netanyahu said , also noting that israeli cows produce more milk than any other cows in the world -- double the european average . 
  http://www.timesofisrael.com/in-overheard-comments-netanyahu-lashes-eus-crazy-policy-on-israel/ we 've got the best cows do n't we folks ? 
  while i 'm sure some of this is coming out of consrvative think tanks in europe and the us , this message of a shared identity and interests is also a response to shared challanges and threats all these countires face e.g. 
  border control , islamic terrorism etc. 
  the number of indonesian and png nationals seeking asylum in australia is actually low ( could actually be zero ) . 
  the people who came to australia by the indonesian route were from further afield , the mid east and africa . 
  what actually stopped people from these regions from attempting to enter australia , was the detention policy along with the removal of any way that they would be resettled in australia . 
  once people had reached australia via indonesia , i do not believe they were ever returned to indonesian jurisdiction . 
  all boat turnbacks were done after interdiction in international waters . 
   getting deported from australia to those countries is also very easy that is not actually true . 
  australia is under all the same un conventions that govern european asylum laws . 
   the distance between australia and papua - new guinea is 160 km the distance from png to australia is 2 km . 
  you could actually swim that distance if you wanted . 
   the pacific solution is extremely cost inefficient : quoting wikipedia `` in the 2012 -- 2013 financial year the government budgeted $ 1.1 billion to cover the processing costs for 450 arrivals per month '' italy has 100k arrival a year , so 20 times that number ... is the eu willing to give us 20 billion $ to protect its borders ? 
  the cost of not doing anything is greater . 
  for example the german spend on refugees stands at about 10-12 billion euro per year . 
  this is correct . 
  but europe should seek a similar deal with another north african country for a processing center . 
  i do n't see why europe ca n't bring to bear all its leverage at it 's disposal to make a deal with tunisa for example . 
  she will though , and get herself a book deal ghost written by a sympathetic journalist that makes out like she is the victim . 
  original article is from 2015 . 
  if any jihadist brides travel to the islamic state now they are just going to find a wasteland . 
  no ugly signage or overhead wiring to spoil the old timey feel of this street . 
  wonderful !, 
   its easy to grow if you 're at the bottom then why are countries at the bottom not always growing if it is so easy ? 
   right-wing violence is on the rise in germany . 
  the country 's federal bureau of investigation ( bka ) received more than 3,700 reports of attacks on asylum seekers and refugees in 2016 , a dramatic increase of 200 % from the year before . 
  is there any evidence that all these attacks have right wing motivations or is cnn just assuming that is the case ? 
  how many of these attacks are cases of petty crime targeting vunerable people ? 
  the embargo wont be much help as china is the main supplier of inflatable boats to libyan people smugglers . 
  you would probably also be incarcerated for assault . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if you are making a broad point about the standard of living and economic situation as it currently stands then yes , western europe is faring well , i agree . 
  but that is like saying ` hey , it 's all good for us here in western europe , so why are people so concerned about climate change ? 
  why do they have this abstract fear that it might get worse in the future ? ' . 
  however , as this thread is broadly about the migration crisis , there is overwhelming evidence tha europe is failing and its failure is making the situation worse . 
  so no , there is no abstract fear that things will get worse in the future because i know precisely how things will get worse in the future , we have already had a taste of it over the past couple of years . 
  i live in germany champ , and have so for several years . 
   life is pretty much better than ever before in northern europe .
