  there are plenty of big cites around the world , i already mentioned a few , where terrorists attacks are not at all part of of living in a big city . 
  you are just demuring on the fact that london is a target for islamic terrorists because of the large muslim population of britain . 
  and when did a london mayor ever say that preparing for ira bombings were just part and parcel of life in britain ? 
  which is the same thing , he would n't say such a thing if the inference was n't that terrorist attacks where now an expected part of life in london . 
  on the other hand , people in warsaw , prague and budapest wont be needing to prepare for attacks from islamic terrorists , at least not like londoners and parisians . 
  about 12.5 meters tall which is about 40 foot in the old measurement . 
  but no horse ? 
  shame for such a famous cavalry . 
  i 've lived in a couple of german flats which still have these toilets . 
  it seems they are still fairly common . 
  the actions of antifa speak for themselves . 
  i do n't need to see what reddit has to say to judge for myself . 
  i heard the fbi arrested that 4chan guy and he 's in guantanamo . 
   hamburg has a long history of violent far left activity , and the summit is being held in close proximity to many of `` their '' neighbourhoods . 
  many of them basically see this as the organisers telling them : `` come at me bro '' . 
  makes one wonder why hamburg was chosen as the venue . 
  i would be fucking angry if i was a hamburger and people were being bussed in from all over to do this kind of shit in my town . 
  thanks , i heard of another group anachist called black block so it might be them . 
  i also saw a video of an american journalist being punched and kicked at a rally today . 
  edit : yes thank you everybody i 'm now clear on the fact that black block is a tactic used by protesters and not actually an anachist group . 
  is that antifa dressed in black and torching cars ? 
  they ca n't be hamburg locals doing that . 
  is there any monitering to see how much aquatic animals use this ? 
  i 'd be interested to see the results . 
  isis would never have taken a country which the population is two thirds shia . 
  they advanced to the maximum extent of sunni iraq before they started being rolled back . 
  i 've seen trump 's twitter and i ca n't believe he could come up with something so coherent with such a clear vision as that speach . 
  i could be wrong though , his victory speach after his election victory in november was mostly coherent but more trumpian in its structure and language . 
  trump did n't write that speach and probably had no input to its contents . 
  i 'd go so far as to say he does n't believe alot of what was in that speach . 
  other than that , i agree with you totally and your comment is top notch . 
  what say for example , pirates in somalia started giving out distress signals to draw in their targets . 
  would a ship be breaking maritime law if they disregarded that distress signal ? 
  it 's not apartheid . 
  you do n't need to use that term , see my other posts . 
  there are abuses by isralies on the palistinians , but it 's still not apartheid . 
  to call those abuses apartheid is to redefine the word from its original meaning as the official government law of south africa . 
  this is done by people who want to strengthen their case against israel by using these terms to add weight to their arguments . 
  it 's entirely unnecessary as they should be able to make the case without resorting to invoking apartheid in an incorrect context . 
  the palestinians have it tough and i have empathy for them . 
  but there are somethings they could do themselves to help out their situation to ease their burden . 
  your english is pretty good and you have made your points well . 
  us policy has either helped or hindered that situation at different times . 
  but the mideast is a tough neighbourhood and the players there are sometimes the worst kinds of neighbours . 
  sometimes a bad peace is the best possible outcome . 
  but you maybe think you could produce a better outcome there ? 
  no problem  i like to have my ideas and convictions challenged so i often put them out there to see what people come up with . 
  confounding idiocy has that effect on me . 
  these organisation go harder on western targets because they know they will get a sympathetic ear amongst part of the population where they are more likley to get some traction for their work . 
   ( the usa ) is the reason for the terrorist issues we have . 
  please , any excuse to blame the worlds problems on the us like all these people killing eachother in the mideast have n't been doing this for centuries . 
   is there any country in the middle east where us actions resulted in good ? 
   lybian coastguards only in lybian waters . 
  the vessels of refugees that the lybian coastguards catch should be passed to the eu ( even if catched in lybian waters ) . 
  yeah , amnesty can fuck right off if that 's their best suggestion . 
  i 'm talking about cnn unnamed sources saying there was collusion with trump . 
  i 'm not denying there was russian fuckery occuring which is all comey said , why is it so difficult for people to understand those are two different things ? 
  `` some quaters '' , same place as cnn 's russian collusion sources . 
  this is total bullshit . 
   for the moment , we are happy to let some people slip through the borders and have them try to reach nearby countries . 
  if this keeps going we could become more creative . 
  i thought your international relationships were important to you and you want to avoid fucking them up . 
   ahahaha yeah , the world will applaud us breaking international laws most of the world does n't give a flying fuck or is busy breaking international laws of their own . 
  seriously , who would care and what could they do about it if they did ? 
  do n't worry , you could do what you want on the med and noone is going to send cruise missles your way . 
  source : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/03/asylum-seekers-may-be-subject-to-speedy-on-water-screenings, 
  your whole post is a laundry list of piss poor excuses as to why you ca n't solve this problem . 
  i did n't say it was going to be easy or even nice to solve this but it requires italy to stop being a helpless bullied cry baby . 
  because right now italy is being bullied by libyan people smugglers , the echr , an assortment of do-gooder hand wringers and other european countries , and what is it getting you ? 
  your problem is getting worse !, 
  do n't worry about sanctions from the eu , stare them down because you have the leverage , you own the mediterranean , if you lead in this the rest of europe will follow you and the world will applaud ... or you could wait for the eu to come up with a solution , in which case this problem will only get worse . 
  the pacific solution worked by the way , so it 's expensive sure but not inefficient . 
   asylum checks here last weeks or months , and people have to appeal the decision to a court that is why australia did them in international waters . 
  it circumvented the appeal process nicley . 
   this kind of process ca n't obviously be done on a ship . 
  australia did this in international waters on a ship , what 's stopping europe from doing the same ? 
   true , but they still had to pay an hefty sum of money . 
  italy too had to pay a hefty sum of money , the difference is australia solved their migrant crisis while italy caved to a tiny amount of pressure from echr and their crisis is getting worse with no end in sight !, 
  if italy wants to solve this problem you 're gon na need to put on those big boy pants and stand up to the echr . 
   anyway there are no offshore facilities in the mediterranean there were no offshore facilities for australia either so australia created them . 
  i 'm starting to think italy 's leadership does n't have what it takes to solve this problem . 
   and crossing it is a joke compared to the ocean they dont even need to cross it !, 
  they 're being picked up a few kilometers of libya 's coast !, 
   i also forgot to mention that those australian facility cost a boatload of money how much is the current crisis costing italy i wonder ? 
  not just in euros but in social cohesion and political chaos , it seems to be creating alot of bad blood between eu countries . . 
  the checks took place on coast guard boats and took only a few hours if i remember correctly . 
  in most cases the claims were rejected and the claimants were returned to their country of origin . 
   here is the most recent one that is not a sanction imposed by an outside power . 
  that is a settlement by the australian government to avoid going to court . 
  australia solved the non-refoulment issue by checking claims on australian coast guard boats over skype . 
  worked a charm . 
  no it 's not . 
  but some un institutions have been writing very strongly worded letters to the australian government and signiling out australia in their reports as not behaving themselves when it comes to accepting people arriving by boat . 
  so that is all you have to worry about really . 
  all these circle jerkers protesting trump and putin , but not a peep from them to protest china . 
  the hypocrisy of the german left . 
  happy to flaunt their dislike of trump , putin and that turkish clown , but who is missing from their protests ? 
  speach is harmful ... 
  it 's that simple . 
   that 's how they shut down renault in belgium .
