  i like them very much . '' - donald trump, 
   if you believe that it is ` nothing ' that the national committee for one of america 's two viable parties actively conspired to hinder the ` democratic process ' of their own primaries in order to prevent the more popular candidate from gaining the nomination in favor of a consummate insider who they had already anointed as the ` proper successor ' , the peoples ' voices be damned ... you find it shocking the process the american parties use to determine the most capable candidate prefers the accomplished lifelong democrat to a guy who has been an independent and accomplished almost nothing in his multiple decades in government ? 
  not to mention you 're avoiding talking about how he simply had less votes than her . 
   ... well , let 's just say there 's a reason the democrats did n't take the white house . 
  and it 's not the one you 're implying , that 's for sure . 
   i have no love for trump , believe me , but he won fair . 
  hillary lost dirty . 
  ask north carolina how fair everything is . 
   saw that . 
  saw * what ? 
   but my point is you ca n't hold moral high ground while doing some shady shit behind the curtains for the benefits . 
  you think because donna brazile told hillary that she would be asked a question about flint , michigan in flint , michigan , she ca n't hold the moral high ground over an admitted sex criminal , noted con artist and all around shit-tier human being like donald trump ? 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
   you can tell what kind of a shit show this campaign was , people were fed with news that was biased towards both parties , lies and controversies flying all over the place no wonder so many people just did n't care anymore or did n't even vote we never vote . 
  the future of america is always determined by the wishes of a quarter of the populace . 
   i think we also overestimate how much educated average voter is to know which candidate will work for the interests of the country and its citizens , or about how will he/she act about international relations you 're sure as shit not wrong about that . 
  i was sure america would do the right thing . 
  i 've been dismissing it since it came out , it 's literally nothing . 
   if the emails were as benign as you say , how much influence did russia really have on the election for you to be that upset ? 
  or is the principle of the interference that upsets you ? 
  you may or may not have noticed this recently , but the american public is largely fact-indifferent . 
  remember , this was targeted towards the type of people who still refuse to believe president obama is an american citizen . 
  the perception of malfeasance is just as good as the real deal . 
  but yes , the mere principle bothers me as well . 
   if that 's the case , where 's the limit ? 
  are saudi arabian to blame for funding clinton ? 
  [ as much as they are for funding donald trump . 
  ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/exclusive-donald-trump-made-millions-saudi-government-article-1.2777211 ) of course , comparing as hostile foreign power hacking political parties to influence the results of an election and donating to a politician is like comparing an apple to an orange , but i am sure you knew that already . 
   so it 's okay with you if a candidate is corrupted and gets all the help it can get from the current administration and outside sources , or is it wrong only when it 's about a candidate you do n't like ? 
  she 's not `` corrupted '' lol , and yeah i 'm fine with the obama administration campaigning for her . 
   sure he 's an idiot and will try to abuse his power for gains of his buddies and himself , but at least he was n't personally involved into these leaks , even if it benefits him . 
  is that supposed to make me feel any better ? 
   i think one of the reasons so many people voted for trump is because of how obvious it was hilary is getting support from media/current administration and thinking she has the moral high ground over trump and people do n't like hypocrits . 
  hillary got support from virtually everywhere . 
  this is due to her being the objectively superior candidate . 
   in the end you the citizens got fucked by getting stuck with two idiots , but one of them at least has some experience and knowledge , makes you wonder how many people took this elections seriously if the one without the experience got elected . 
  we took it seriously , but my country is filled with morons . 
  besides the 70 million that voted ( r ) , think of all the people who do n't bother . 
   i mean i try to care as little as i can about this , but from my perspective you are making the leaked content look like it 's not that big of a deal because it was n't . 
   interfered , what exactly did they do to `` interfere '' in your already corrupt elections ? 
  spearphishing attacks . 
  you would know this if you cared to put some effort into researching it . 
   you have proof it was the russian government do you ? 
  because , well , you know , because the rest of world would be interested in that , ah , but that would be confidential would n't it , so confidential that even you wouldnt be aware of it , you just accept that the big bad enemy did congress will receive that intel before i do . 
  why would n't i believe it ? 
  it is the opinion of every american intelligence agency and multiple companies in the private sector . 
   i mean your government said they did something didnt they , they said they interfered and influenced the outcome of the election ... they did say that , did n't they ? 
  sure , and again , along with multiple private , independent cybersecurity firms . 
  ... they were . 
  am i supposed to be more pissed clinton has a `` public and private position '' than i am russia interfering with our elections ? 
  that 's absurd . 
   i think we need to show some link between someone in the russian government and the hackers . 
  i personally believe they were behind much of it . 
  that is n't proof . 
  i do n't think we do . 
  you do n't have a right to see classified information because you 're having trouble accepting reality . 
  apt29 has been active for far longer than the 2016 election season . 
   yeah and multiple experts said saddam had yellowcake saddam did have yellowcake . 
   not to mention those pics of trailers that were supposedly `` mobile labs . '', 
  the `` mobile labs '' thing was a result of the testimony of an iraqi refugee , not multiple independent cybersecurity firms . 
  i understand how much this all bothers you , / u/trumpandpooti , but it 's happening . 
   everyone aligned with clinton has no choice but to go after the ` foreign menace ' angle , exclusively . 
  it prevents them from having to discuss , explain , or apologize for the material that was leaked . 
  do you think that stuff was watergate 2.0 ? 
  am i supposed to care more that clinton had an obvious question leaked to her than i am a hostile foreign government is committing cyberattacks against the country in an effort to support a man who is clearly a tremendous fucking idiot ? 
  lmao , those emails are a big load of fucking nothing , dude . 
  sure , so long as you cover medicare . 
  fight me irl, 
  we could always save a penny or two by implementing universal healthcare and ending the drug war , causes that seem worthier to me than penny pinching our global defense obligations . 
  we piss away a mind boggling amount of money on stupid shit . 
  it 's not that big of a deal , american hegemony fucking rules , i 'd support nato if none of you spent the 2 % . 
  amen brotha . 
  lets take our country back, 
  i just want to say how amusing i find it that the europeans are talking up america while the americans shit on it ... i do n't understand this world anymore, 
   i ask for evidence that the russians have done anything deserving sanctions, 
  [ ahem ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/77jbbb0wiifmc/giphy.gif ), 
  pretty much . 
  multiple independent cybersecurity firms such as crowdstrike , secureworks and threatconnect agree with this assessment . 
  if nothing besides video evidence is going to change your mind , you are going to be sorely disappointed, 
  he 's just a useful idiot . 
  for instance , he does n't like nato because he 's greedy and selfish , and putin can just easily exploit that to his advantage . 
  not just you guys , a lot of people get angry at them, 
  i do n't mind some mocking of tragedy to make a good point but i do n't think ch did a good job here at all, 
  one of them was `` too bad putin was n't on board '' or something and the other 2 made fun of the dead choir . 
  the message was obviously that the russian government sucks , but i think making fun of dead choir members is an awful way of making that point . 
  so did the plane crash one , they just cranked the assholery up to 11 for that one . 
  [ tragedy can be used for humor , and sometimes ch does it well . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/vfb8kpsn8lwx.jpg ), 
  [ probably just kill a dog , stalk some families or shit on a carpet . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/russia-is-harassing-us-diplomats-all-over-europe/2016/06/26/968d1a5a-3bdf-11e6-84e8-1580c7db5275_story.html?utm_term=.b3d82d34f2d6 ), 
  [ perfectly valid reason . 
  ] ( https://www.us-cert.gov/sites/default/files/publications/jar_16-20296.pdf ), 
  i do n't think it 's super funny but i do n't see the point in getting butthurt about it either, 
  i make $ 6.66 usd for every shill post i leave , i used my earnings to buy a local pizza place, 
  that 's it ? 
  join ctr like i did , you 'll make a fortune . 
  yeah i know, 
  sure , we all watch the super bowl , it 's like a holiday here, 
  fight me irl, 
  no , our pizza is amazing !,
