   no , being intolerant of disagreement . 
  this issue is between myself , trump , and the people he appeals to . 
  i do n't have this issue with other republican administrations . 
  keep pretending that this is still business as usual . 
   no he did n't you lying sack of shit . 
  yes he fucking did , he himself talks about how he 'd grab women by their pussies without asking . 
  that 's sexual fucking assault . 
   well yes , false claims that disappear after the election cycle probably should be ignored . 
  they disappeared after donalds cult of personality swarmed her with death threats before she went public . 
   to the extent that it is : thanks , obama !, 
  lmao , i heard he also killed jesus . 
   no you fucking idiot , political murders are quite fucking rare in the states . 
  then prove it , oh wait , you ca n't , because it 's not that rare . 
   it 's demonstrably false that `` everyone is attacking everyone '' . 
  that 's what 's known as `` hyperbole . '', 
  that 's an exaggerated statement not meant to be taken literally . 
   yet more bullshit . 
  and even if he did , you 'll note it 's democrats , not republicans out in the streets killing people . 
  strange that if he lowered the bar , his supporters would n't be doing most of the killing . 
  sure it is . 
  pay no attention to that abortion doctor firebombings behind the curtain . 
   that 's because you 're subhuman scum and your mother should have exercised her 1973 right to privacy . 
  oh , you mean the ruling that trump and his piece of shit followers are going to attack because they 're misogynist filth ? 
   disregarded an entirely irrelevant occurrence , yes . 
  wrong . 
   at least even a mental deficient like you can acknowledge you have no other grounds to make the assertion . 
  farage ? 
  his entire political career has been largely devoted to being a cunt . 
   yes , it is pretty obvious what that means : resist , forcibly if necessary , the violation of foundational constitutional rights . 
  it has more to do with `` if you want my guns , come and get them '' than `` kill hillary '' . 
  it is in no way a call to assassinate clinton , you degenerate , and it 's disgusting you 'd claim it was . 
  lmfao , your excuse is that it was just a call to violently rebel against the us government ? 
  you 're a real smart cookie , you know that ? 
   not surprised for an instant you support the extrajudicial murder of untried american citizens . 
  you are a sickening excuse for a human being . 
  i support the vaporization of terrorists from the sky , where they ca n't hurt anyone , of course . 
  you 'd be retarded not to . 
   i ca n't believe you think that 's the argument , lmao . 
  i see you 're illiterate as well as morally depraved . 
  the argument is : capital punishment following a guilty verdict for a capital crime is very different from vigilante murder , and that your side is more open to the latter option than is trump . 
  learn to read before you talk shit , you smug little beast . 
  we 're not even talking about the scumbag that said clinton should be executed anymore you idiot , this is the part where we 're talking about drone strikes , because you 're too fucking dumb to stay on topic . 
  how dare you accuse me of not knowing how to read when you 're clearly as dumb as a ~ ~ stump ~ ~ trump . 
   he did n't , because he 's better than you , and because you ca n't read your own native language . 
  lmaoooooo , donald trump is a complete piece of shit and so are you, 
   also , no it does n't . 
  yes , it does . 
  only an idiot and/or a piece of shit votes for trump . 
   if they do it en masse , sure . 
  does n't excuse you also being a bigoted shithead , though . 
  what a prick i am , being intolerant of intolerance . 
   heavy fact , more like . 
  good one , you 've really changed my mind . 
   sure he can . 
  i 'm glad you think people are guilty until proven innocent though . 
  the america i remember was a liberal democracy , not the regressive police state you desperately crave . 
  he literally fucking admitted on to sexually assaulting women you dope . 
  i was * ignoring * the multiple claims other women have made , like the 13 year old that accused him and jeff epstein of rape !, 
  also , america is already a regressive police state . 
   not political ones you fucking stooge . 
  yes , they are . 
   no they are n't . 
  yes , they are . 
   so if it 's all the fault of the trump voters , why is `` everyone '' attacking people ? 
  riddle me that one , genius . 
  because donald trump lowered the bar , permanently . 
   no , just shot , killed , and tried to kill multiple trump supporters purely because of their political affiliation . 
  also sent death threats to electors so that many of them required police escorts . 
  definitely not political violence at all . 
  like i said , violence is everywhere , and i do n't feel bad for them at all . 
  especially the electors . 
  if farage should be ashamed of the murder of mp cox , then obama and clinton should be equally ashamed and guilty by association of these incidents . 
  no , farage should be ashamed of the cunty shit he said that completely disregarded the murder of an innocent woman . 
  this was only one piece of a large body of evidence that shows that he 's a cunt . 
   then you 're either an idiot or a liar ( though my money 's on both ) , because he did no such thing . 
  `` hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the second amendment . 
  by the way , and if she gets to pick -- if she gets to pick her judges , nothing you can do , folks . 
  although the second amendment people , maybe there is , i do n't know . '', 
  pretty obvious what that means , but i 'd love to see how far you 'll bend backwards to excuse it . 
  do the limbo !, 
   a trump aide said clinton should be shot legally , by a firing squad , for treason , because it is a capital offence . 
  was n't referencing this , though it gives a window into the depraved mind of a trump supporter . 
  treason , lmfao . 
   this is miles different from advocating extrajudicial killings -- a tactic the obama administration has made great use of , you 'll note . 
  yeah , and it 's fucking awesome . 
  drones rule . 
  hope he shuts down the program before trump gets his retarded claws in it though , he can not be trusted . 
  i ca n't believe you thought this was a good argument , lmao . 
  obama blows up terrorists , trump appoints people who share their ideology into office . 
   so not politicians then , to use your own bullshit argument he did both , because he 's a terrible human being . 
  that it was . 
  too late for that, 
  oh , this `` cultural clash '' is limited to bristol only ? 
  i watched islamic terrorists murder 3000 people in cold blood in person , with my own two eyes , and yet even the very thought of antagonizing innocent muslims never occurred to me , i do n't wan na hear your bullshit excuses for this slimeball . 
  there are only 2 submarine movies worth watching , das boot , and the hunt for red october . 
   way to ignore the bit where i did n't , mate . 
  also , that does n't make one a scumbag at all . 
  not you , anybody who did . 
  also , yes it does . 
   what does make one scum is the villainisation and vilification of people who disagree .
