he kind of person who voted against trump , and who , unlike you , does n't call for the murder of elected officials . 
  i 'm proud to be that , which is more than your mother can say of how you turned out . 
  even sickness will do fine , i just hope the guy dies , i 'm not picky about how it happens . 
  trump is everything wrong with america rolled into one revolting package . 
  i like seeing bad things happening to bad people , justice is lovely . 
   no it 's not . 
  i truly hope for your wife 's sake that you do n't explicitly ask each time you initiate intimate contact . 
  in context ( a word you plainly do n't know the meaning of ) , sexual contact may easily be welcomed or even encouraged without an explicit verbal exchange . 
  wow , you 're a real fucking piece of shit , you know that ? 
  firstly , you can rape/assault your own wife . 
  second off , even if that were n't true , trump was n't assaulting his wife , he was assaulting `` beautiful people . '', 
  he does n't even wait , he just kisses 'em . 
  grabs 'em by the pussy . 
   no , they disappeared because they were bullshit . 
  people testify against crime bosses all the time without being killed or intimidated into dropping charges . 
  law enforcement exists for exactly this purpose , and law enforcement found their `` cases '' lacking . 
  they literally voluntarily dismissed citing threats as the cause . 
  many women have accused donald of sexual misconduct over a long span of time . 
  i 'm sure you think bill cosby is innocent too . 
   no , just killed american citizens without trial or due process , engaged in unprecedented levels of mass surveillance , and led the worst administration ever for whistleblowers . 
  lmao , the kid , a son of an america terrorist , was killed in a strike meant for another terrorist . 
  of course , innocent deaths are a tragedy but that is the price you pay when you wage war from the sky . 
  as to the others , those were the logical extensions of bush administration policies . 
  it will only get worse under trump . 
   the burden of proof is not on me to prove the negative claim . 
  but in any case , there has n't been a politician killed this year , so it 's obviously not as widespread as you fucking think . 
  assassinations = / = all political murders  there have however been repeated shootings and murders of trump supporters , and over 750 homicides in chicago , one of the most democratic cities on earth , and very very few of those homicides are committed by white trump voters . 
  so is political violence common or not ? 
  you ca n't keep your story straight . 
  have you even fucking been here before ? 
  and yes , poor black people in america commit lots of crime , and also vote democrat . 
  that probably has something to do with the 239 year long campaign of systematic oppression targeting black americans on the behalf of white americans , particularly white conservative americans . 
  on top of all that , red states are responsible for more crime than blue . 
   mate , when every statement you make is utterly retarded and you double down on most of them as being true , claiming `` hyperbole '' does n't really work . 
  even if it did , there 's still more violence on the left than the right currently . 
  look who 's talking , you 've been consistently wrong . 
  and again , that 's wrong . 
  let me know when a liberal shoots up a black church and kills 9 in the process . 
   you mean the zero killings that happen this year ? 
  or the one last year by a man who was found mentally unfit to stand trial ? 
  no , i was actually thinking about all the other attacks on abortion providers over the years , but yeah , it does happen a lot . 
  i 'm not shocked a conservative was found mentally unfit to stand trial , you would too . 
   really compares to multiple homicides and attempted homicies of trump voters and pervasive violence against them . 
  it does , yes . 
   violence that is stoked and encouraged by people like you and rhetoric like yours . 
  you are a sickening pustule of a man , and bear far more responsibility for violence than nigel farage ever could . 
  farage inspires right wing terrorists , i talk down to morons on the internet . 
  if you wan na get violent over that , that 's on you . 
   no , i mean the one trump has repeatedly said he accepts and will not attempt to repeal . 
  firstly , even if that were true , it does n't fucking matter what trump said , because overturning roe v. wade is n't his fucking job , and you 'd know that if you knew anything about american government . 
  however , he is on record saying he is pro-life , and he has pledged to nominate a scotus justice that will help overturn roe v. wade . 
  that is because he is a conservative , and conservatives hate women . 
   right . 
  glad you agree . 
   this directly contradicts your previous statement , but i would n't expect a retarded teenager with emotional issues to recognise that . 
  what , that i do n't get uk politics ? 
  that 's true , i could n't care less , but i do know of farage , just like i know of thatcher and blair . 
  that 's not a contradiction , you dope . 
   yes . 
  it 's a shame you do n't understand the nature or foundations of your own government , or that you 've just called thomas jefferson an idiot as well . 
  but that complete ignorance does explain a lot about your worldview , at least . 
  thomas jefferson owned a shitload of black people as property too . 
  spare me the sainthood act . 
  tj would have approved of the american civil war , too . 
  try as we may , we ca n't go back to 18th century america anymore . 
   no , you support the murder of american citizens , as has been done by obama during his administration . 
  one can support killing terrorists without accepting innocent american deaths in the process , just as one could support fighting nazis without backing the massacre of german children , you fucking disgrace . 
  you 'd have to be retarded not to grasp this . 
  lol , do n't wage aerial warfare because innocents will die ? 
  well shit , you better fucking cancel all wars then , you dumbfuck , because that 's what happens in all of them . 
  german children died in droves due to the allied air campaign , are you dumb enough to argue against that ? 
  and yeah , i support the vaporization of enemy combatants , even if they 're americans , like anwar al-awlaki was , until he was rightfully wiped off the face of the planet . 
   holy fuck you actually , honest-to-god are every bit as stupid as i 've called you . 
  christ almighty . 
  look , i 'll use little words for you you brought up the drone program because you 're too fucking scatterbrained to stay on topic to make a single relevant point . 
  you 're comparing at best a terrorist to at worst a traitor . 
  newsflash , asshole , they 're nothing alike , and that 's being really fucking charitable to that retarded trump aide 's point . 
  it 's so amusing that you keep insisting that * i 'm * the idiot , projection is a cornerstone of conservative thought . 
   almost every person on earth is better than you . 
  except for you , obviously . 
   oh , and since you 're so anti-farage 's comment , i suppose you must also think obama is a `` gigantic cunt '' for claiming his administration was without a single incident of domestic terrorism , which considering fort hood , orlando , and boston , among others , is spitting in the face of far more victims than little old jo cox alone ... 
  he never said that , you tremendous fucking idiot , learn how to fucking read , or even listen . 
  he said :  `` no foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland . 
  and it 's not because they did n't try . 
  plots have been disrupted . 
  terrorists have been taken off the battlefield . 
  and we 've done this even as we drew down nearly 180,000 troops in harm 's way in iraq and afghanistan . 
  today there are just 15,000 . '', 
  he went on to say :  `` and what complicates the challenge even more is the fact that for all of our necessary focus on fighting terrorists overseas , the most deadly attacks on the homeland over the last eight years have not been carried out by operatives with sophisticated networks or equipment , directed from abroad . 
  they 've been carried out by homegrown and largely isolated individuals who were radicalized online . 
   these deranged killers ca n't inflict the sort of mass casualties that we saw on 9/11 , but the pain of those who lost loved ones in boston , in san bernardino , in fort hood and orlando , that pain continues to this day . 
  and in some cases , it has stirred fear in our populations and threatens to change how we think about ourselves and our lives . 
   so while we 've made it much more difficult -- you have made it much more difficult -- to carry out an attack approaching the scale of 9/11 , the threat will endure . 
  we will not achieve the kind of clearly defined victory comparable to those that we won in previous wars against nations . 
  we wo n't have a scene of the emperor of japan and douglas macarthur in a surrender . 
  and the reason we wo n't have that is because technology makes it impossible to completely shield impressionable minds from violent ideologies . 
  and somebody who is trying to kill and willing to be killed is dangerous , particularly when we live in a country where it 's very easy for that person to buy a very powerful weapon . '', 
  get fucked buddy , you 're not worth the time i put into this comment . 
   the fact that you think this means you are the worst sort of subhuman scum . 
  in your opinion , which is worth nothing , considering the type of person you 've proven yourself to be .
