  like people do to muslims ? 
   i 'm truly sorry you 're such an ignorant and vile person that you think opposing views are evil , or else that you 're so wilfully ignorant that you think trump is racist , homophobic , or any more sexist and abusive than the precious bill clinton . 
  heavy delusion here . 
    an infinitely better one than the cretin your mother raised , that 's for damn sure . 
  that 's funny , i do n't remember sexually assaulting any women . 
  do n't think trump can say the same . 
   funny how quiet you and your lot have been about the multiple shootings of trump supporters during and after the election cycle . 
  lmfao , everyone is attacking everyone here . 
  that 's what happens when half of your voting populace is deplorable scum . 
  also , shootings here are commonplace . 
   if i were you i 'd be keeping my fucking mouth shut about linking political violence to politicians on that side , because your boys are more guilty than anyone recently . 
  um , clinton supporters/liberals have n't attacked any politicians . 
  i * do * remember trump himself suggesting clinton be shot , and that his fans should attack protesters . 
  not as good as u-571, 
  my favorite is [ life is beautiful ( la vita \u00e8 bella ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ), 
  single celled organism 2020, 
   `` if you disagree with me you 're a scumbag !! '', 
  if you vote for someone who expresses the principles that donald trump does , you are a scumbag , yes . 
   it 's people like you , who loathe the democratic system when the other guy wins and who constantly demonise any opposition as evil bigots unworthy of any humanity , who are the threat to liberal democracy , not donald fucking trump or are nige . 
  lmfao , yeah , this is definitely me playing sides , and this has nothing at all to do with the type of human being trump is . 
  you keep thinking that . 
   not one bit . 
  if you think that was what was meant , or that a crazy man killing jo cox taints what was a peacefully - , politically-achieved accomplishment , or that taking pride in paving the way for significant constitutional reform through ballots not bullets ( unlike the shadow chancellor has encouraged to absolute silence from people like you , you 'll note ) makes you a cunt , then i put it to you that you 're a far bigger cunt than any farage has been in their family history . 
  it was a very cunt-y statement . 
  `` besides the whole assassination of an innocent woman thing , not a shot was fired ! '', 
   ftfy . 
  fair enough , it 's true a total scumbag would n't be at all disturbed by trump . 
   to think he is ? 
  no , of course not . 
  to know something despite self-admitted ignorance on the topic ? 
  that 's a tall order , mate . 
  you do n't think bragging about leave winning `` without a single bullet being fired '' after one of your mp 's was murdered in cold blood makes you a cunt ? 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  by all means , feel free to visit and confirm what i 'm saying on your own . 
  looooooool, 
  you do n't have to understand or even come close to understanding our politics to see trump is disturbing . 
  do i need to be an expert in your politics to know that farage is a cunt ? 
  if the_donald users were thinking , they would n't be the_donald users . 
  no , florida man did, 
  she seems nice , a definite improvement, 
  then by all means , begin waiting . 
  perhaps you will get lucky , but i doubt it . 
   well , you are , how that was going ... `` misrepresenting complex sociopolitical issues '' , this man is only an expression of a pattern in cultural clash that is an outcome of botched immigration and assimilation politics . 
  lmao , that 's funny , because * i * live in the same world he does , but * i * do n't go around leaving bacon in front of mosques , because i am not a sack of human shit . 
  this guy was nothing but your run of the mill racist pig , the kind that has always existed , and the world is a better place without him . 
  or people who think that `` the left got more concerned with the rights of islamists and if you sit down to pee rather than the rights of the working class . '', 
  the excellent thing about the truth is that it remains the truth regardless whether or not you choose to believe in it . 
  yes , he is a bad person . 
  well , he * was * a bad person , now he 's just a corpse , but you know . 
  it 's not the fault of the democrats that americans are more attracted to style over substance . 
  you say it 's the democrats failure as if a literal sack of human shit would n't have been a better candidate than trump . 
  it was , is , and will always be the failure of the american people . 
  you think the worst we can do is kanye ?? 
  good lord , are you in for a nasty shock . 
  america : hold my beer, 
  that 's bad things happening to good people , and what 's more , they come out . 
  mr. bacon mosque does n't have a second chance . 
  he wo n't be bothering anyone anymore . 
  your characterization of our prison system is also pathetically lacking in nuance . 
  try to stick to explaining why i should n't be happy the world has 1 less racist in it , instead of misrepresenting complex sociopolitical issues you have little understanding of . 
  not really lol, 
  bad things happening to bad people = better world, 
  he did n't * deserve * it , but i 'm not shedding a tear . 
  addition via subtraction . 
  lol , is that your professional legal opinion ? 
  you 're wrong , it also has humidity , a drug problem and mosquitos . 
  we 've got badass metal too , we pretty much created death metal . 
  florida is famous for it . 
  lmfao , you need to keep up , dude . 
   alone in the north . 
  that 's a band name right there, 
  bless you finns, 
  yeah and there 's a child sex ring in comet ping pong too lmfao, 
  look that shit up , it 's a massive nothingburger . 
  alright , you got me . 
  this is all a malicious western ploy to hit poor russia with more sanctions . 
  this is simply one part of an active cyber war being waged against the united states , and the west in general . 
  by june 2016 , cozy bear had been in the dnc for over a year , fancy bear a few weeks . 
  they have also attacked the pentagon and the state department , too . 
  and that 's just america . 
  i 'd imagine it 's easier to spin a yarn with something not entirely fictitious , anyway . 
   the assumption that he `` hacked the election '' is a huge stretch when you realize he hacked emails . 
  hacking emails does not equate to deliberate hacking of voting machines . 
  the hacking referred to emails . 
  nobody disputes this . 
  had * that * been the case , it would have been even more egregious than it already is . 
   i also have an issue with you being so condescending . 
  brian williams was fired for fake journalism , but people rally behind him because he 's against fake news ? 
  and i 'm suppose to believe that the fact indifference is against one block of people and no one else ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i said the american public , did n't i ? 
  but lets be honest , one group of people is infinitely more susceptible to `` fake news '' than the other . 
   regarding your link , it seems to be a huge grasp for the smallest straw on the table . 
  a sale of an apartment in 2001 equates to the 2016 funding ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the claim is that those repressive gulf states donated for improved access , no ? 
  how is that not more of the same ? 
  '' `` they buy apartments from me , '' trump said during the alabama rally . 
  `` they spend $ 40 million , $ 50 million . 
  am i supposed to dislike them ?
