  the rebellion only benefits the thalmor in the sense that it keeps both sides occupied . 
  either side winning is bad for them , so they 're trying to prolong the conflict indefinitely . 
  the empire winning is bad for them , but so would a stormcloak victory . 
  it 's called a `` soft launch '' , there 's an initial charge that just poops it out of the tube . 
  it 's much safer for the operators , because there is n't a dangerous backblast to worry about . 
  we were told that we could even fire one out of a humvee window without being killed , which would be impossible for any other anti-tank missile we have available . 
  this is barely even worth responding to . 
  anytime you talk about chinese home-built engines , `` good enough '' is never an acceptable reply . 
  chinese engines * eat themselves * and require total replacement after ~ 20ish hours of use . 
  the manufacturing tolerances and rare alloy expertise required to make a durable engine are n't not found in china , which is why they 're totally dependent on russia for engines . 
  the plaaf does not rely on `` human wave '' style attacks , and jet aircraft are so expensive and maintenance intensive that the idea that they would is laughable . 
   german tanks were simply better , in every respect , than us ones in ww2 el-oh-el . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  yeah , those panthers and tigers which were so heavy that their transmissions could n't take the stress and disintegrated were * amazing * . 
  those german tanks were incredible if you ignore literally every single flaw in their design and manufacture . 
   and the us showed up with auto-loading magazine fed semi-automatic rifles and submachine guns built en masse for its troops , against bolt action rifles of superior distance and range for the germans . 
  you do n't even know that german doctrine placed an extraordinarily heavy emphasis on machine guns !, 
  you think the nazis were simply swamped by superior numbers ? 
  really ? 
  for fuck 's sake man , your entire post is so dripping with / r/badhistory and / r/shitwehraboossay that i 'm ashamed that you 're sporting us flair . 
   the chinese are developing their own right now , they may eventually improve past what they 're using now . 
  they 've been trying and failing to make their own engines for twenty-plus years now . 
  their manufacturing is just not up to snuff . 
  i doubt that 's going to change any time soon . 
  that 's not a `` shitty '' defense attorney , that 's an * excellent * defense attorney . 
  being able to protect their client from a very serious charge and have them walk away with such a minor punishment takes real talent . 
  if i were in legal trouble , i 'd want that woman as my attorney . 
   we actually never ever fought against ussr in ww2 i know you never fought on land , but did n't your ships in the black sea fleet come into conflict with the soviet navy ? 
  i know they sank a lot of bulgarian shipping . 
  bulgaria did n't have a choice . 
  it was basically `` join us , or be conquered '' . 
  even though bulgaria fought with the germans , they were the only axis power to maintain diplomatic relations with the soviets , were never enthusiastic about fighting , and kept every single one of their jewish population alive . 
  they did n't even fight back when the soviets invaded . 
  so in the end , bulgaria made what was probably the best choice for the bulgarian people . 
  store clerks are often bored teenagers . 
  never underestimate a bored teenager 's ability to play stupid in order to get a rise out of people . 
  what 's so wrong about it ? 
  olympic events were originally all about showcasing martial prowess : chariot racing , javelin throwing , wrestling , boxing , footracing while wearing armor , * pankration * , etc. 
  please forgive the lateness of the reply , timezones being what they are . 
  i believe that it was chartered solely by the military , but i never saw first class because the curtains were closed the entire flight and we were forbidden from touching them . 
  so there may have been civilians up there , or there may have been officers , but if first class was filled with officers they never came back and yelled at us , no matter how tipsy and jubilant we were to be going home . 
  my platoon sergeant was very moto , so we did it * a lot * . 
  i 'm sorry for the lateness of this reply , the difference in the day/night cycle is a pain in the ass . 
  i may have not explained myself properly , so i hope this clears things up : picture being in a small room with mike tyson , or manny pacquiao , and they were holding a weapon . 
  if that weapon is locked away , would you feel safer around them ? 
  they 're trained and able to cause grievous bodily injury even without a purpose-built tool , so any safety you feel is n't real , but only illusionary . 
  i was trying to show him the inconsistency in his thought process . 
  1 : that 's not just `` some documentation '' , that 's the government of the united stated of america purchasing block seating * en masse * . 
  2 : really ? 
  someone `` snapping ? '', 
  you watch way too many movies . 
  the incomprehensibly vast majority of guys who kill someone because of their psychological issues kill * themselves * . 
  3 : what group forging what documents ? 
  we do n't just all crowd the gate waving our credentials and buy tickets as individuals . 
  planes are chartered by the government through the airline . 
  4 : `` the risk '' is nonexistent . 
  thousands upon thousands of guys have come home * via * civilian airlines , with weapons , and the only risk was draining the bar at shannon airport . 
  no we did n't have ammo , but we learn how to bludgeon someone to death with our rifles , so it would n't be * that much * of a hindrance . 
  why is it unsettling ? 
  you 're our friends , not our enemies . 
  carry on . 
  we put them in the overhead storage bins . 
  coming home from iraq , my company was on a civilian airliner , and we kept our rifles with us . 
  we had to turn in our bayonets though . 
  i spent eight years in the infantry , and * yes * i would have gone to war to protect denmark and died if necessary . 
  fighting a defensive war does n't mean squat when you do n't have the ordnance to prosecute it . 
  * one month * of relatively high-tempo missions in libya was enough to empty the reserves of two of the largest military forces in europe . 
  how fast do you think those magazines would be empty against a proper opponent ? 
  once the bombs and missiles are gone , how well are they going to fare against even the shadow of what russia used to be ? 
  russia may be old and creaky , but at least they have the ordnance stockpiles to actually wage a war . 
  do n't you remember libya in 2011 ? 
  european countries took the lead there and ran out of bombs . 
  libya is , for all intents and purposes , just a hop across the mediterranean . 
  if the uk and france could n't maintain a war tempo against * libya * without us logistical assistance , how in the hell are they going to `` skull fuck '' russia without the us ? 
  i 've seen those scooters used by the elderly , but never by extraordinarily fat people , so i suppose it all depends on location . 
  probably not seeing as you 're canadian , the us and canada are filled with regional apple/cider producers . 
  american barbarian here : handguns are awful for home defense . 
  all weapons require experience to use while in a stressful situation like a burglary , but long guns like rifles and shotguns are more intuitive to use , which means you are less likely to miss in a panic . 
  also , the heavy but low-velocity bullets from handguns will penetrate walls without deflecting and possibly endanger others , whereas the lighter and faster rifle bullets will immediately yaw , which reduces the chance of hitting someone on the other side of a wall . 
  croatia was easily the best part of my visit to europe , you should have a wonderful time . 
  me : conscription is cheaper , but produces a far less effective fighting force . 
  here are a few examples showing that . 
  you : [ i have to totally disagree with you . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39s3cx/us_plans_to_store_heavy_arms_in_baltic_eastern/cs6cmqr ) you then refuse to provide example of * why * a conscript force is superior in any respect . 
  nobody is `` trolling '' , and there may be an issue with the language barrier , which is why i 've been so conciliatory . 
  but now you 're just acting like a cunt . 
  i 'm saddened that you 're so needlessly hostile . 
  please tell me all about how conscripts are superior to a professional standing army . 
  all you 've done is make statements without even backing them up with examples . 
  oh , and this :  your examples of russia , afghanistan and chechnya was a conscript army doing offence , not defence . 
  is incorrect . 
  there were conscripts in the defensive in both of those conflicts , and they died like flies . 
   when it comes to the defence of a small and relatively poor country , the pro army model just does n't work when it comes to the defense to a small and relatively poor country , the conscript army model does n't work , either . 
  not when faced with a professional army . 
  conscripts with little training are only good for delaying and dying , and inflict minimal enemy casualties as they do so . 
  the conscript model is extremely cheap , and suits countries that have a military as a token force and never actually expect to need them , but when real lives are on the line conscripts should never be more than a last , desperate gamble . 
  thanks for the explanation , but i totally disagree . 
  the age of giving peasants spears and standing them in ranks is over . 
  modern warfare is an extraordinarily complicated thing , it 's not enough to just know how to hold a rifle . 
  furthermore , that knowledge is perishable and lost without regular reinforcement .
