there 's also ronald mcdonald . 
  but the point still stands . 
  american superheroes are stars of huge , entertaining movies seen around the world . 
  they 're stories that capture the imagination of * people * , not just americans . 
  that , and since it 's a monument to the soviet red army , painting them like the people who `` beat '' the ussr in the cold war is a bit of extra salt in the wound . 
  how young are you ? 
  i mean no disrespect , but there * were * computers and cell phones back then , and the internet began `` taking off '' in the mid '90s . 
  none of that would have been so mind-blowing that you would have difficulty explaining it to someone in 1990 . 
  * 1890 * , sure . 
  but not 1990 . 
  i 've never been to paris , so i ca n't comment on them , but i have been to marseilles ; and they were by far the rudest , bitchiest people i met in europe . 
  different guns , manufactured by different countries , with different casing lengths and propellents , and even different firing mechanisms , do n't look * exactly * alike ? 
  * holy shit !, 
  did you listen to [ the posted video ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3wbxkr0rj0 ) that 's not what a rocket launch sounds like , that 's a cannon being fired . 
  they obviously do n't explode in midair , but they * are * just bullets fired out of an enormous gun . 
  they leave a very noticeable smoke effect . 
  [ video of a us 30mm airborne cannon firing ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=jwsplkkidau#t=33 ) . 
  source : was a us infantryman for a very long time , seen it with my own eyes . 
  it 's a gun firing , not rockets . 
  su-25s have a 30mm cannon . 
  those are n't missiles ; frogfoots are armed with a 30mm cannon that fires explosive rounds . 
  that 's a strafing run . 
  that 's why it appears that so many projectiles were launched so rapidly . 
  that 's not a rocket strike . 
  as per the video linked by / u/aerialtollhouse , that 's a strafing run performed with the planes 30mm cannon , they fire explosive rounds . 
  there are worse people to be lumped together with . 
  but before that they teamed up with the nazis to invade poland . 
  and then grabbed estonia , latvia , lithuania , and invaded finland in a land grab . 
   between 31 may and 1 june 1967 , two hh-3es of the united states air force made the first nonstop flight across the atlantic ocean by helicopter . 
  departing from new york in the early hours , the two helicopters arrived at the 1967 paris air show at le bourget after a 30 hr 46 min flight . 
  the operation needed nine in-flight refuelings . 
  that 's hardly the best man-portable atgm on earth , although it does look like an excellent replacement for the at-4 : a throwaway weapon that requires minimal training and can be passed out to line units . 
  in just western forces , tows have significantly more powerful warheads , and javelins have not only larger warheads , but what is probably a better guidance system , including a thermal sight . 
  yes you do , you just do n't have any jets . 
  well , they started a brutal invasion and occupation , sank a south korean destroyer , shelled villages with artillery , hacked to death two american officers with axes , regularly kidnapped sk civilians , twice attempted to assassinate the president of south korea , have been caught digging invasion tunnels underneath the dmz , and are attempting to hold sk hostage with nuclear weapons . 
  but other than all that you 're right ; they 're very neighborly . 
  satellites do n't work like that ; they do n't actively `` detect '' , they take pictures that intelligence workers sort through . 
  they 're completely useless if you want them to target and guide missiles . 
  you 're * severely * overstating how well defended the falklands are ; a single company of infantrymen and four typhoons are n't going to stop an invasion force . 
  for instance , there is n't a single artillery piece on the island . 
  the defense of the falklands , realistically , is utterly dependent on ships . 
  and history has shown that ships without air cover are merely targets . 
  and the royal navy has no harriers at all anymore . 
  the * darings * are magnificent ships , but they 're meant to work in concert with aircraft patrols , because they have a fatal flaw ; the curvature of the earth puts a limit on their detection range . 
  where a flight of harriers could intercept enemy planes before they get close enough to fire their anti-ship missiles , missile destroyers like the daring class are vulnerable to fast planes flying just off the water 's surface where they can hide in the `` fuzz '' that the rolling sea makes on radar . 
  while the attackers * will * be detected and fired upon , they may be close enough to fire their own missiles . 
  that 's the great weakness of all non-airborne radar systems , and why they ca n't be relied upon exclusively . 
   type 45 of which the royal navy has only four , and will never deploy them all in the same conflict ; the risk of losing more than one is far too great barring an existential threat . 
  the * darings * are extraordinary ships , but they 're just a single tool , and not an infallible one . 
  aircraft are preferred to kill other aircraft because they can operate far removed from their home ships ; if the battle is n't taking place near the carriers , the carriers are n't in danger of being destroyed . 
  relying solely on missile frigates leaves the formation vulnerable , especially when the radar range of said ships are limited by the curvature of the earth . 
   we probably would n't be as restrained when it comes to attacks on their home soil what do you propose those cruise missiles be targeted at ? 
  like it or not , throwing cruise missiles into argentina when the battle is taking place on the falklands is just asking for world opinion to turn against the u.k. 
  it will be `` spun '' as senseless violence by the stridently anti-u.k. crowd . 
  even if only shipyards and mooring facilities are hit , the press will be swarming to cover how many innocent welders and dock workers were just blown up by the `` evil '' british empire . 
  ideally , yes . 
  but four typhoons are a nominal presence at best . 
  it would n't take forty-eight hours for them all to be grounded from combat action ; they fly in pairs , so if one is damaged , its suicide to send up the other alone . 
  landing more men on the falklands is a trivial matter when they 're held in friendly hands , but if the argies land their own force ( which they would if they started another war over them ) that makes things a bit stickier . 
  now that the royal navy has no aircraft carriers with planes on them , sailing into the teeth of whatever planes the argies launch is much , * much * more dangerous . 
  air power is the end-all-be-all of modern warfare , and the u.k. hold on falklands air power is shaky . 
  if they lose it , the war may be lost before it really begins . 
  come on now , lets be honest here . 
  the royal navy has no more aircraft to fly off of its carriers , and there are only * four * typhoons on the falklands , which are n't enough to fly combat patrols . 
  cruise missiles are well and good , but nowadays argentina has a much larger chance to maintain air superiority , which is absolutely critical in modern battle . 
  would the argies win ? 
  i doubt it , but it 's not the foregone conclusion you think it to be . 
  did you seriously just equate the dutch actions at srebrenica with the battle of mogadishu ? 
  * mogadishu : u.s. forces defend themselves against a massive assault by armed militiamen . 
  * srebrenica : dutch forces sit by and watch as 8,000 innocent men and boys are massacred . 
  there is no * fucking * way you can sit there and equate the two without the kind of intellectual dishonesty that should get you kicked out of any respectable university . 
  even though the game mentions `` european country '' , that does n't matter much at all because the most important part of the rules is choosing a * neighboring * country . 
  russia stretches a loooong way , man . 
  it 's eurasia 's hat . 
  stop making americans look bad . 
  the guardian is full of shit in regards to this . 
  i do n't know of any western special forces or regular military units that use expanding hollowpoint rounds , because they 're forbidden by the hague convention on the laws of land warfare . 
  we always use fmj , or non-expanding hollowpoints , because doing otherwise gets you a one-way trip to a federal pound-you-in-the-ass prison . 
  that , and ammo draws are done from government magazines , which only stock that . 
  half syrian , half german , but his biological parents abandoned him at birth , so it 's one * hell * of a stretch to attribute his success to being a syrian immigrant . 
  there 's mandatory conscription in the russian federation . 
  what depleted uranium munitions were used in serbia ? 
  they 're principally used in our tank sabot rounds , and a-10 cannon shells when armed for heavy anti-armor duties , neither of which were involved in the intervention . 
  edit : it looks like a-10s were involved , i did n't know that . 
  but considering how few sorties they flew in comparison to the other planes involved , this article seems more like scaremongering than anything else . 
  thanks very much . 
  sometimes translation software fails badly , could you please give me a rundown of what this final paragraph says ? 
  i understand that your previous defense minister resigned , but the poor translation does n't tell us why . 
   they are not taking uneducated poor 3rd world migrants like europe mostly is yes we are . 
  even ignoring all of the legitimate refugees we 're taking , such as the somalians , our border with mexico is absolutely porous , which is to be expected when it 's that large . 
  there are , according to the estimations of the dept. 
  of homeland security , over * 11 million * illegal aliens in the usa , most of which come from poorer countries in central and south america . 
  they are n't skilled , educated people . 
  they 're poor laborers . 
  it is true : [ according to the game lore ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_great_war_%28book%29 ) , the war is over in hammerfell and the elves were pushed out . 
  that quest was just poorly written . 
  hammerfell was able to drive out the thalmor completely alone after the empire abandoned them . 
  what good is the empire at all if they just abandon one of their provinces to a foreign aggressor ? 
  a foreign aggressor that can , thanks to the white-gold concordat the empire signed , have little * einsatzgruppen * roaming the countryside , murdering as they please , just for the suspicion of worshiping the `` wrong '' god .
