  surely you still have that right ? 
  official language of the state and all that ? 
  i 'm not sure you understood what i was saying . 
  the way the piece was written makes it sound like the only major violence in ireland against the uk was in 1916 , which is obviously not the case . 
  i was not questioning what events should be discussed . 
   for centuries british dominion in ireland gave rise to unrest which ** finally erupted into violence ** with the easter rising of 1916 , when independence was proclaimed . 
  because the 1798 , 1848 and the other rebellions were non-violent ? 
  this is a pretty ... interesting view of irish history . 
  even rte get at it . 
  last summer when there was a flora womens mini run in the phoenix park , on at the same time as the cork city marathon , guess which got featured on the news and radio more ? 
  at the same time though , we have so much dublin-centric media that its good to have some diversity . 
  but the point is equality . 
  presumably if men and women harm each other at the same rate we have reached equality , and if they do n't then we are n't equal . 
  this seems to claim that we are n't equal , without showing us how men are affected , which mean we do n't know if we have `` gender equality '' here . 
  is that really a big deal ? 
  since the whole eu roaming laws came into effect i 've been paying `` national rates '' in all of europe . 
  it just so happens that the `` national rates '' are as high as the roaming rates . 
  shhhh . 
  do n't tell the amsterdamers !, 
  really ? 
  presumably this is the uk you 're talking about right ? 
  i thought the eurostar was n't that cheap ? 
  although our 's is more because the uk wo n't join the schengen area , and we realise that it would be pretty hard , and politically inconvenient to close off the northern border . 
  also , most airlines require passports anyway , and that is the main way to europe from here . 
  so schengen would n't change much . 
  i think the euro would have broken apart . 
  the uk would 've blamed everything on europe , and left . 
  this would 've opened the door for other countries to leave/be pushed out . 
  with less help coming from europe , the periphery would 've tanked . 
  so long as they conform to european law , are n't too big ( i 'd say over 100 million people ) and preferably have some sort of european border , i all for it !, 
  if a north african country wants in , i say go for it !, 
  why not ? 
  [ and we all know what to do when that happens !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz5-yozpyyw ), 
  some of these seem a bit misleading . 
  i mean , i would n't translate cork ( corcaigh ) as marshton . 
  i 'd say `` marshy place '' . 
  donegal bay is n't really bay by the fort of the foreigners , its the bay by donegal , where donegal is `` dun na ngall '' ( fort of the foreigners ) . 
  it 's not really the same thing in meaning y' know ? 
  `` bareground '' and `` old man river '' also seem a bit dubious to me . 
  imperial seem pretty arbitrary to me . 
  why should a foot be there ? 
  its going to be arbitrary anyway , short of using planck lengths . 
  why not at least use a regular base system ? 
  i entirely agree . 
  a country should honour its debts , however , these debts were not inherently ireland 's . 
  they belonged to irish banks . 
  banks ended up having their loses covered by the irish people . 
  bondholders , who invest in a business , should suffer a loss when that business goes tits up , not be rewarded for making mistakes . 
  is that for a student , or adult ? 
  yeah but you can buy a reasonable commuter ticket ca n't you ? 
  when i was there i paid like 20 $ for a two week pass , that got me on trams , buses and trains . 
   decades after our independence well , two . 
  in order of preference : celtic federation ( fuck yeah , near dead languages ! ), 
  france ( great bunch of lads !, 
  hate the brits like us ! ), 
  canada ( i like the idea of sort of being in north america . ), 
  it 'd be more like western northern ireland ( irish ) and eastern northern ireland ( scots ), 
  then it goes and calls what is officially recognised as fyrom , macedonia . 
   portrait of a former mayor was removed from city hall because he 's a sex offender which city hall ? 
   ireland ( not part of the commonwealth of course ! ), 
  and britain have long had a common travel zone with no passport controls . 
  although that is kind of a pragmatic thing . 
  the irish-northern irish border is n't exactly easy to police , nor based ( in many areas ) on visible geographic features . 
  well , that and nationalism . 
  well , i guess we know where you stand on kosovo 's independence then !, 
  you forgot that shandon is broken !!!, 
  the world recognised symbol of cork 's clocks have been out of order for two weeks now . 
  both major tv networks covered the story during the week . 
  my problem with that is too many people seem to just be posting massive link posts in them now , which stifle discussion . 
  i prefer more general posts about the one or two big things , not 20 small and medium things . 
  unfortunately it seems to be what other people want . 
  i know , but this feels like its being thrown forward to distract from more important things . 
  of course , we also have that massive leakage problem , which does n't help matters ... 
  i 'm all for modernising the constitution , but i feel that we 've more pressing concerns . 
  its not close , it uses the same word . 
  uisce is water , uisce beatha is whisky , or more literally , water of life . 
  that 's somewhat terrifying . 
  is this something that is somewhat popular among britons ? 
  what were the questions ? 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/ ), 
  but ireland as a state has no real connection to tara as a capitol . 
  was it even a capitol ? 
  i know that its the seat of the high king , but how many times did we have a united country under a high king in tara ? 
  well , that seemed like a balanced , non-biased article !, 
  just to point out , this cut is for people under age 25 , who have been on the dole ( unemployment benefit ) for a while . 
  so just targeting the young . 
  i 'd say london could . 
  colonisation did n't generally take the form of the rich western country coming in and developing anothers industry and people . 
  it generally consisted of the exploitation of the countries resources , and destruction of previous ways of life . 
  colonisation benefited the coloniser , not the colonee . 
  are they still being exploited ? 
  yes , and that 's not right . 
  look at all the former imperialist powers who still reap the rewards of their actions . 
  lazy sods !, 
  in my day we worked 170 hours a week and did n't complain !, 
  we would have counted ourselves lucky if we only got a 36 hour shift !, 
  i was lucky to get a toilet break on a weekday !, 
  i know . 
  i 'm just wondering where it was derived from .
