  a long stretch would 've been fantastic , but was n't offered unfortunetly . 
  i 'm hoping to spend a year in germany though in third level , if i get my first choice . 
  ideally fourth year should have a compulsory intensive three months abroad to learn a language . 
  we should also start teaching a ( 2nd hehe ) foreign language in primary school , maybe in 5th and 6th class . 
   does your constitution theoretically allow polygamy ? 
  the reason we had a referendum was that the supreme court held that marriage as defined by the constitution was between a man and a woman , so we needed to change it for gay couples , but that still would n't allow for multiple partner marriage without another referendum . 
  [ then we just fuck it at the moon and see what happens yeah ? 
  ] ( http://haddocknews.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/church-in-space.png ), 
  yeah ... they are n't very popular here . 
  especially among the left . 
  parallels are drawn between the situation in the west bank and the plantations . 
  you often see palestinian flags and [ murals ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=palestinian+murals+belfast&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=665&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0cb8qsarqfqotcledy7dlo8ccfu8y2wodpagkaw ) up north . 
   he has done a lot of damage to israels image in ireland . 
  they did n't have a great reputation here to begin with . 
  village ? 
  so two pubs and a church ? 
  in my experience , most just do n't realise that we got independence about 90 years ago . 
  you 'd think the fecking border across us on all the world maps would make it obvious that we are separate , but apparently not . 
  [ she 's not our queen !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz8m3uxqy7u&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=6m25s ), 
  some brits are the same . 
  an english girl i knew got very annoyed at some lads using cunt and fuck in her presence . 
  she was 18 . 
  notes degrade faster though . 
  although i suppose some of that plastic money like oz has could fix that . 
  in fairness , something can go viral in a small place , say just one country or even town . 
  the pds have been dead since like 07 . 
  do n't you mean soc dems for sanders ? 
  on the one hand , it does seem like a lot of money to throw after very little , but on the other hand , many major cities across europe have had similar redevelopments and civic beautification projects over the years . 
  i know many people use english . 
  indeed , many of my friends from across europe ( some of whom are finnish ) seem very anglophone , especially on the internet . 
  i just find it odd that someone would be giving out about other cultures while seemingly shirking their own . 
  i 'm not trying to discredit him . 
  one could even view my comment in support of him . 
  has the importance of finnish fallen so much that political discourse can no longer even be carried out in it , thereby requiring english ? 
  if so maybe finland does have a serious problem that require addressing . 
   posted his remarks in english is it not a bit odd to be railing against immigrants and the perceived destruction of your culture in a foreign language ? 
  for many kids their second communion is at their confirmation . 
   2nd communion at age 12 cause i did n't believe 2nd communion ? 
  do you mean confirmation ? 
  a formidable threat is more than mere numbers . 
  it 's willingness to use those numbers . 
  we do n't have that , and i 'm not convinced we 'd have that even if the collective strength was 10 times what we currently have . 
  we have gaelteachts , and while there not `` massive '' , they are full communities that use the irish language exclusively . 
  it is possibly to full immerse yourself in such an environment . 
  actually i see this as an attempt to address my `` fucking rich person privilege '' . 
  because i come from a middle class family and go to a good school which i got into based on family connections i was able to go on a language exchange which improved my german ability measurably . 
  i have peers who went to my school but did n't have the means to afford the exchange , or grinds and so they suffered . 
  i mentioned this as a vision and used words like ideally . 
  i acknowledge that there are serious issues that would have to be overcome . 
  in terms of cost i mentioned it being an exchange , so that room and food costs could be reduced to effectively zero . 
  transport and extra-curricular activities are obviously a problem , especially for people from the poorer member states , but not an insurmountable one . 
  kids can be thrown on a coach , they do n't need to fly . 
  deals could be worked out , and again parents ( with means ) could be encouraged to save for 10-15 years in advance of such a trip . 
  most schools already practice that on a small scale , encouraging gradual payments for school tours and in some cases school materials . 
  cheaper parts of countries could be used to help reduce costs as well . 
  use more rural areas for less well off students . 
  you could implement a bring the water to the horse system of having language immersion schools in the poorer states as well , although these would lack the same community immersion that actually traveling would provide . 
  i have n't done erasmus , and i 'm not approaching this as a pan-nationalist issue . 
  i 'm viewing this as a language education issue , which is why this is a reply , and not a top level comment . 
  do i think this could lead to more `` europeaness '' ? 
  possibly . 
  do i think it would lead to better multi-lingualism ? 
  definitely . 
  i 've spent 14 years learning irish and 6 learning german , yet i 'm still not fluent . 
  on the cefr i 'm at best a b2 in irish and a b1 in german . 
  i think a more dedicated , more intense period of language study , preferably in a environment where one is immersed would be a much more effective use of student time . 
  i did a two week exchange in germany , and that 's what pushed me from a a2 to b1 . 
  a longer period would give people a much better grounding in the language . 
  i do n't think i sound delusional ( although i suppose if i did think i was i would n't be ) . 
  [ immersion is well regarded ] ( http://www.carla.umn.edu/immersion/documents/immersionresearch_tarafortune.html ) as an effective means of language learning . 
  i would n't agree with it all being in english . 
  my vision would be of a massive language education exchange , say 3-6 months of full immersion and teaching dedicated to a european language . 
  i figure this would be easier to manage , and more inclusive ( us anglophones would get something out of it ) . 
  obviously certain countries would have it easier than others , the likes of ireland , the uk , germany , france , spain and italy will find it a lot easier to swap students around between themselves than countries like finland or croatia . 
  ideally parents would be the main source of funds , possibly by encouraging people to start saving when their kids go to school . 
  it 's written from an irish perspective , so the whole emigration thing looms pretty large for the late teen/twenty something cohort . 
  what percentage of that 17 % are people who could be called `` ethnically irish '' though ? 
  i know a lot of people who were born abroad while their parents were working in places like the uk or canada . 
  that 's not very unusual here . 
  funnily enough the uk suggested getting rid of borderless travel , but only between the island of great britain and the island of ireland . 
  the unionists were rather opposed to that idea . 
  his wife was ill before being elected though . 
  i mainly see centimetres , although considering the way metric works converting to meters is trivial . 
  you end up with a similar number of digits to imperial anyway , normally 3 . 
  ireland 's one is out of date . 
  the 99 has been changed so that instead of just the year ( 99 being 1999 ) theres a 1 or two following it , so cars registered this year will be 151 or 152 ( if registered after june 1st ) . 
  the motor industry wanted this as car sales were basically non-existant for half year . 
  in ireland the trains do n't even compete that well with buses . 
  to go from cork kent train station to dublin heuston tomorrow by train will cost you $ 73.98 . 
  it will take about 2.5-3 hours . 
  a similar journey by bus ( aircoach ) will cost you $ 22 . 
  it will take you about 3-3 .5 hours . 
  on top of that both bus stops are more central than the train stations . 
  in dublin you need to get a tram into town from the train station . 
  in cork you could walk it , there is a bus . 
  this is why if you 're on an inter-urban train in ireland the main people on it are old or wearing suits . 
  they 're not paying for it . 
  a 5,000,000 $ loan , to be repayed if we had qualified for wc2014 . 
  this all sounds dodgy as fuck .
