  i know that its a self assessment thing , but surely there 's some tests out there ? 
  it is to a certain degree an open question for me . 
  i do n't follow middle eastern news as much as i should , what with the euro crisis . 
  what i mean is that just because an organisation is a terrorist one does not mean that it is wrong . 
  did they not hold elections recently ? 
  do they not have a parliament ? 
  not necessarily . 
  ireland is already participating in sanctions against many other nations . 
  why would this union call for sanctions against states that already have sanction levied on them ? 
  israel does not currently have any sanctions imposed by ireland on it . 
  do you deny that israel has abused human rights ? 
  no , i do n't approve of most of their actions or positions . 
  what i am saying is that the fact that they are a terrorist organisation does not inherently mean that they are wrong . 
  they do n't mention race . 
  they 're calling for sanctions against a country . 
  unless you are saying that israeli actions are determined by race , the resolution is not racist , or anti-semitic . 
  hmm . 
  thanks !, 
  seems to be a weak argument . 
  i suppose there is also just the anti-eu mentality at play as well . 
   was more on his side than they were ours . 
  funnily enough , i 've heard it more the other way . 
  people say that we were a little to friendly to the brits and americans . 
  supposedly we allowed many escapes for allied personnel . 
  also , the irish defense plan in the event of a german invasion was more or less `` invite the brits in and hope they let us go afterwords '' . 
  of course i think that we 're still too friendly to the americans , but thats another issue . 
  yes . 
  they are recognised as such by the eu are they not ? . 
  whether they are wrong in their actions or goals is another matter . 
  lets look at it another way : when people attack someone , not for any reason other than how they dress , it is a denial of their human rights . 
  we have a right to expression . 
  if i choose to dress as a goth , and john decides to bate seven shades of shit out of me for it , i ca n't excersie my right . 
  another way of looking at it is that these crimes are a crime against a community , not just an individual . 
  if people are going around beating up goths , or homosexuals , or liverpudlians , then the community as a whole is being attacked . 
  it causes fear . 
  i do n't think that its unreasonable to hold israel to a higher standard than a terrorist organization . 
  they are ( supposedly ) a modern country , with equality , justice etc. 
   a lot of people want to scrap the human rights act if you do n't mind me asking , why ? 
   israel could , and has in the past , annexed large parts of its surrounding neighbours and could have expanded its own borders tenfold or more with relatively little effort . 
  not trying to start an argument or anything , but capturing and , holding on to a territory are two different things . 
  just because israel had the military might to invade it neighbours does n't mean that it would have been able to hold on to the land . 
  look at all the trouble the west bank and gaza cause for israel . 
   then those irish who enlisted in the british army in order to fight hitler ended up becoming officially ostracised from society by the state on their return to their homeland , something which i 've always found patently disgusting . 
  can you not see the reasoning behind it though ? 
  ww2 happened only about 20 years after irish independence . 
  an independence that was fairly bloody ( and which is still causing some problems ) . 
  the british were viewed by many as the ** real ** enemy . 
  the germans had often supported the `` irish cause '' ( see : the proclamation , roger casement ) . 
  to join the british state , a state which had committed atrocities against your people for hundreds of years . 
  is it not easy to see why many haboured resentment ? 
  i always find it a little weird when i go to other countries and all their roadsigns are monolingual . 
   i support the idea of a ( con - ) federate europe . 
  sorry to bother you , but what * is * the difference between a federation and a con-federation ? 
  is a con-federation a federation of federations or somethings ? 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; '' [ i ] will wade through rivers of ... blood to stop [ this ] . '', 
   true neutral ??? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  we are neutral . 
  its in our constitution . 
  we have n't taken a side on any military conflict ( officially ) . 
   one thing that annoys me is the amount of wasted resources printing everything in irish , why do we do this ? 
  because our state is bilingual ( its a fact that i think we should be more proud of ) . 
  if we insisted on printing everything in one language , we 'd be abandoning the other . 
  if we abandoned english it would be seen as an elitiist move , leaving millions cut off from their government . 
  if we abandoned irish we 'd be eliminating one of the major institutional centres of irish in this country . 
  greece , italy , ireland etc. 
  did n't print money to loan to themselves . 
  german and french banks saw these countries and made investments in these banks , and gave loans . 
  that 's one of the reasons for the crisis . 
  that 's whats meant by preventing contagion . 
  if ireland , italy etc. 
  default it 's german and french banks who 'll take hits . 
  germany is acting in its interests , not the eu 's . 
  a chara , i believe that irish is worth learning . 
  sure you can go with the whole `` nobody else speaks it '' , but , like latin it gives you an insight into the world , certainly in ireland . 
  look at placenames and language . 
  hiberno-english draws many influences from gaeilge . 
  secondly , culture . 
  yep , that old argument . 
  gaeilge is inseparable from irish culture . 
  poems , stories , songs . 
  even just as a shared experience for irish people , who can reminisce about their fear of the teastas soirsearch . 
  i can get vanilla coke in some sweet shops here . 
  we do n't . 
  barry must have some drink taken . 
  his ma wo n't be pleased she wont . 
  the reason that germany is so often blamed , above other countries , is that they appear at the forefront . 
  its not the prime minster of sweden saying no debt deal to ireland , its merkel , and by extension , germany . 
  its germany who appears to be pushing for austerity and debt , not the dutch . 
  i do n't really like the attitude that its all the souths fault and that germany is merely acting in the eu 's best interests . 
  i find the graphs a little jarring . 
  certainly the unemployment ones all use different scales , with no clear reasoning behind them . 
   ... northern part of kosovo , which is populated by serbs , who do not want to be a part of newly independent kosovo , but of serbia . 
  problem is , kosovo is not allowing it ... why ? 
  does n't partition make sense here ? 
  certainly for the northern majority serb areas ? 
  you used to be able to do that , but then the germans took them . 
  they left us with rabbits painted gold . 
  its really not the same at all . 
  they do n't even move .
