  how much do certain countries benefit from having eu institutions situated in them ? 
  surely belgium benefits from all the things in brussels ? 
  eyp is the [ european youth parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_youth_parliament ) , a massive youth organisation that bring together teenagers from accross europe . 
  this video does n't even begin to describe how much fun it can be . 
  north tipp and south tipp . 
  why they were even partitioned i do n't know . 
  edit : countries not counties . 
  my mistake . 
  only the cools bits . 
  like derry , fermanagh , armagh and tyrone . 
  that way we 'd have derry , that nice rope bridge , and donegal would no longer be lonely !, 
  i know of a few doctors who accept presents . 
  they are generally given when the doctor does n't charge them for his services . 
   to me this is equal to bribe why ? 
  if it is just a doctor being given a gift after a treatment then how is it a bribe . 
  we 're not talking bumping people up lists here or anything . 
  i have a consultant surgeon in my family , he often ( like once a month or so ) receives presents from a patient . 
  although those are generally the ones he does n't charge , like friends and family of friends . 
  and he does live in ireland, 
  has anyone got a link to the vicip\u00e9id ( wikipedia as gaeilge/irish ) top ten ? 
  . jpg what ? 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:should_be_svg ) edit : would the people down-voting this please explain why ? 
  this image is too small to display some of the text correctly , and is fairly blurry . 
  as it is a map , with text on it , it would work great as an svg , if it has been made that way . 
  i know that youth defense receives substantial american support . 
  they 're probably the most vocal of the anti-abortion charities . 
  american charities . 
  to be fair , i do n't know if that 's true or not . 
  its just what i have heard over here . 
  that 's actually a way more ` liberal ' stance than is being discussed here at the moment . 
  what is being discussed at the moment is what qualifies for an abortion ( currently certain medical requirements ) , and what those requirements should be . 
  there is a minority calling for uk style ` abortion on demand ' , but it has does n't have that much support . 
  on the other hand many people are calling for the complete illegalization of it . 
  this is n't a binary issue over here . 
  the public is very divided . 
  none of the parties want to do anything , as they 'll alienate 1/4 to half of their base if they legislate . 
  even if they call a referendum it will be controversial , as the wording will be contested , along with the option presented . 
  to be fair , the claim is also made towards the pro-choice charities, 
  difficult to say . 
  at this point , it looks like they will legislate for as little as possible , and ignore the issue for another 20 years . 
  abortion . 
  every news and radio channel is constantly talking about it . 
  anybody they have on is expected to give their opinion the matter . 
  also , as of today , there is some debate about suicide , after a teachta daila ( like an mp or mep ) killed himself . 
  not in the sense of a single written , codified one . 
   eire / ireland  no idea , anyone ? 
  i 'd do the boyne valley . 
  newgrange is pretty cool . 
  it 's got a great interpretive centre , built relatively recently . 
  the br\u00fa na boyne centre at oldcastle and the other things in that area are pretty well developed tourist sites . 
  oldcastle/br \u00fa na boyne is a great place to visit as well . 
  its near the site of the battle of the boyne and demonstrates what life was like back then , and how the war war was fought . 
  drogheda is pretty nice as well . 
  lived there for 4 years . 
  st. lawrence 's gate is one of the town 's old gates and is still standing . 
  millmount is a old martello tower restored and used as a museum of the towns past . 
  i 'd probably replace connemara with a hike around some of the mountains in the beara peninsula . 
  but i did n't really like connemara that much last time i went . 
  newgrange is also pretty cool . 
  the br\u00fa na boyne centre and the other things in that area are pretty well developed tourist sites . 
  oldcastle is a great centre now . 
  you should also do the carrick-a-reed rope bridge , it 's like ten minutes down the road , and is well worth it on a sunny day . 
  the walls of derry are also pretty cool . 
  northern ireland in general has a lot of great places to visit . 
  with belfast , you 're able to see history thats still being written practically . 
  the best bus tour i have ever taken was in belfast . 
  the guide heavily implied in multiple places that he was a former ira man . 
  i used to love it , and then i heard what it was made of . 
  still love it though , just fin it difficult to eat it . 
  do n't forget prsi and usc , which are basically taxes . 
  usc is like 10 % of gross income , and prsi is what , 5 % ? 
  edit : i thought income tax had gone up in ireland oerv the last few years ? 
  like to 42 % or 48 % ? 
   so you are going to pay the northerners much higher wages , tax them much less and give them much better schools and hospitals , that might be taking the whole ` irish generosity ' a bit far do n't you think ? 
  it probably would be , however i do n't think that the people of the north would be happy with mass austerity , and i think that it could lead to greek style protests , except with a lot of sectarianism thrown in there , leading to the collapse of the north . 
   and when we are on the subject of assumptions , why do you assume the comment was written by a `` he '' ? 
  i have no reason to assume he is a he . 
  i needed to refer to the poster , and just went with the pronoun i generally use to refer to someone unknown , which is the masculine pronoun . 
  this is for a few reason . 
  i have the same bias that many people on reddit have , i assume that everyone is male until told otherwise , and i live and study in all male or mostly male enviroments . 
  he came to it by using the assumption that we would have to subsidize the north as much as the north is currently subsidized by the uk . 
  same . 
  got a bit worried when hungary came up though . 
  could n't think what bordered greece and romania . 
  but then i looked at the list and i knew where all the others went . 
  remember , hitler invaded the czechs first , so czechia must be nearer germany !, 
   what has changed ? 
  no free territory of trieste exists today . 
  norway , turkey and the uk are n't a part of the eurozone . 
  you also have the spanish arch . 
  in ballincollig in cork there are two roads named after it 's twin towns , mechterst\u00e4dt road and saclay road i believe . 
  the signs for them are bilingual , seeing an umlaut in an ` irish ' placename is a little odd . 
  cork itself has french church street , named after the huguenots who used to live there . 
  we of course have the english market on grand parade . 
  pretty much every school teaches french , with some offering german as a choice . 
  a smaller number offer spanish . 
  to get in to third level here you often need a foreign language , although that seems to be changing as time goes by . 
  the course i 'm going ( law and german ) for has a specific year abroad , and most other courses along those lines either have it built in or you have to do the foreign language version . 
  at least that 's what they keep telling me when i ask . 
  definitely , i went to germany for a two week exchange , and even the confidence it can give you in a language is amazing .
