  no , the isle of man seems to be there . 
  currently , how are the languages treated ? 
  does holyrood do an ireland/eu on it and print everything in all offical languages ? 
  or does it just use english ? 
  can a msp ( ? 
  is it msp ? ), 
  speak in any other language besides english in the assembly ? 
  scots , scots gaelic and english ? 
  is there any pictish speakers left ? 
  [ ahem ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1i85zt/sunday_european_news_series_what_happened_in_your/ ), 
  what 's that big island in the celtic sea ? 
  did they think that cork harbour was a channel or something ? 
  we 've also been promised a referendum on lowering the voting age to 16 . 
  which i 'm hoping will pass . 
  well , it was more of a recommendation ... 
   we finally have abortion legislation [ 2 ] in-line with a 20 + year old court ruling and our constitution . 
  just a note to foreign redditors : this does not make abortion any more available then it was already . 
  abortions can still only be carried out in very specific circumstances where it is deemed medically necessary to save the life of the mother . 
  the main controversy over the law is that the pro-choice side said that it did n't go far enough ( it does n't even cover cases of fatal fetal abnormailty ) , while the pro-life side said that it would eventually lead to abortion on demand . 
  the pro-life side had its share of crazies though . 
  posting death threats to td ( mps ) , claiming that hundreds of unborn children will be slaughtered by this law etc. 
  of course , the law wont change the fact that hundreds , if not thousands of irish women go to the uk every year and get an abortion . 
  the problem then is that the people who come out of gaelscoilenna and colaisti do n't always know what the stuff they were taught is in english . 
  for example , in business studies for junior cert you learn about consumer law . 
  they know the acts , and the law , but only in irish . 
  if i ask them if they 've learnt about sogas 1980 they do n't know what i 'm on about . 
   good god , it 's hot . 
  same here . 
  i want to enjoy it , but i was looking forward to a relaxing summer of movies and gaming !, 
  how can i do that when the best weather i may ever see is just outside !, 
  is it taught positively , as in freedom fighters sort of thing , or is it more cowardly terrorists ? 
  what was the teaching of the troubles like ? 
   irish history from the potato famine to the ira really ? 
  wow . 
  i did n't know that other countries covered much irish history . 
  is that 1910s-1920s ira or 1960s + ira ? 
  i must 've done it at some point , although i ca n't quite remember it at the moment ... maybe i did it in 2nd year ... 
  somewhat fixed . 
  primary school history ( 4-12 years old ) : pre-christian ireland ( mount sandal etc. ), 
  christian monasteries , rome ( iirc ) ... ca n't think of anything else . 
  secondary school , junior cert ( 12-15 ) : historical method , middle ages ( knights ) , plantations , renaissance ( writers , artists , etc. 
  ) , famine , age of discovery , revolutions ( american , french ) , home rule and 1916 , the emergency ( ww2 ) , 3 cold war events ( study one ) , social change in 20st century ireland ( not everyone studies this ) . 
  there was an uprising or two also . 
  ca n't remember which ones . 
  what i remember being most emphasized is monastery life in primary school . 
  in secondary school the famine , world war 2 and 1916 were the big ones where i was . 
  world war two was mostly taking about the lead up to it . 
  the steps to war and such . 
  most of the rest was given a few classes . 
  i 've heard that in some schools the famine is taught from a very anti-english standpoint . 
  mine it was more of a the english created the conditions , and failed to help , as opposed to it being down to the english hating the irish . 
  i 've probably left some stuff off , but that 's what i remember . 
  that 's the end of compulsory history in the irish education system . 
  you can do it for leaving cert ( 15-18 years old ) , but only about 20 % do . 
  well , that article seems a little light on exactly what the uk is opting out on , but i can give a few general reasons on why euroopeans are annoyed when countries opt out . 
  well , it makes things a bit more difficult does n't it ? 
  if every country has individual little opt-outs on little niggling clauses and such it makes it harder to work within a common framework . 
  part of the advantage of having pan-european agreements is that if i , as a citizen of an eu state know my rights under eu law , i can be safe in that knowledge in any eu country . 
  look at what we are entitled to under eu aviation rules when we suffer delays at airports . 
  after two hours we are entitled to a meal , more than that we are entitled other things . 
  when countries start changing the rules it defeats the point of making things easy . 
  i put celtic/irish in the other box . 
  although celtic is n't really an ethnicity , i felt it was the closest ` group ' label for my people . 
  perhaps css or just moderation styles ? 
  really ? 
  where 're you ? 
  in my peer group in cork the majority are apatheitc or outright irreligious . 
  only two guys in my year are very religious , and one of them 's a protestant . 
  what do you mean ? 
   deeply catholic , which combined with their relatively low gdp makes them a `` southern european '' country . 
  i thought that we had one of the highest gdps per capita in the world ? 
  depends on the person . 
  i 'd be very annoyed if the person was english , due to some unpleasent previous experiances . 
  on the other hand if the person was from the continent i 'd just correct them politely or let it slide . 
  in a bad way i found the flag riots kinda funny . 
  it just seemed so absurd !, 
  it did n't even morph into a grander riot against anything . 
  it was just flag flag flag !, 
  on the other hand i feel that it set back worldwide views on the north , but what can ya do !, 
   strongly catholic , even more than italy or spain . 
  not among the youth though . 
  even in the adult population mass attendance is pretty low . 
  many parishes are cutting back on masses due to lack of demand , ( and lack of priests ) . 
  i 'd say the north most of the time . 
  if you said the north of ireland people will always take it to mean northern ireland , never the border counties . 
  except on one bridge in cork !, 
  the bridge technically has two one way roads on it , so it looks and acts like a street where you drive on the wrong side . 
  ** ireland ** abortion , still . 
  [ letter ] ( http://www.cinews.ie/article.php?artid=11797 ) was read out ( in my diocese at least ) about the evils of the proposed abortion law . 
  stuff about it happening up north soon . 
  locals annoyed about the inconvenience . 
  i think i heard something about disruptions to exams on the radio . 
  michelle obama rumored to be planning a visit to moneygall , obama 's `` ancestral home '' . 
  tax thing . 
  ministers still defending us against ongoing attacks by `` grandstanding '' american politicians . 
  bloomsday . 
  stuff happening in dublin to mark it . 
  they 're doing some worldwide reading of it from start to finish . 
  [ another person in this thread also talked about some things that i missed ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ggxig/sunday_european_news_series_what_happened_in_your/cak46a1 ), 
  i went by a slighty different method .
