it 's not banter . 
  he 's a troll who has [ done this sort of thing before ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2kb047/the_schengen_area_1592x1427/clk1yem?context=3 ) . 
  he 's not a brave soul , he 's a troll who often does this sort of thing . 
  to be fair , you can avoid these roads almost all the time , unless you 're staying in a weird b&b or something . 
  thanks to the celtic tiger most major towns and cities are connected to dublin with dual carriageways , although traveling between cork and limerick still is unpleasant in parts . 
  supposedly a bigger problem in terms of language is our habit of asking negative questions . 
  i generally use euro only , although i probably say euros the odd time , but more in relation to coins . 
  out of curiosity , what are the historical reasons you mention for the sj iso code ? 
  ah now , we 're a grand size altogether . 
  i 'd say few enough nationalists would call themselves `` pro-dublin '' , and few enough unionists like the conservatives right now, 
  hopefully she will take a page out of our [ minster of state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joe_mchugh ) for [ gaeltacht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaeltach ) affairs , who has embarked on a mission to have fluent irish , attending classes and the like . 
  perhaps this minister could embark on a campaign to tackle rising obesity , by dealing with her issues ? 
  i would 've thought our rate would be lower . 
  i was always under the impression that british waterways were more polluted then ours , due to greater industrialisation . 
  i would 've thought that higher demands on water services , possibly necessitating the building of large aquaducts to transport water would increase cost . 
  many rural areas do not have `` mains '' water ( do they call it that in the uk ? ), 
  they have a private well and a sewage tank ( or possibly a local water scheme ) , so i would presume that population densities would n't have as big an effect on price as you would first think . 
  who said anything about aquifiers ?!, 
  i 'm talking about 5-30 metres down for underground streams and the like . 
  that 's how my family got water for the last five years . 
  when we had to get the pump replaced the installer was shocked that ours was so deep , at 30 metres . 
  we had no filter on it , at least not one that we were aware of or that was replaced in those five years . 
  yet in many parts of the country you can simply drill a hole in the ground and pump potable water right up . 
  i can confirm that the irish one is n't , that 's on nuacht , a news programme broadcast just before the english-language news . 
  although as someone more used to munster irish ( well , munster-accented caighde\u00e1n ) her accent is a little funny . 
  its not wrong , it 's just its not really done . 
  if someone wanted to be more specific they 'd probably state where on the island they 're going , like dublin , belfast , derry , cork . 
  not `` northern ireland '' or `` the republic of ireland '' . 
  different countries , yet there is no visible border , two shared languages , and for the purposes of most tourists a common currency . 
  many people that visit ireland will see sights up north and in the republic . 
  fyi obraka , if someone refers to ireland as `` southern ireland '' then they are generally trolling . 
  hence the whole `` rouge microstate '' , referring to the eu as a single state etc. 
  other indications that they 're trolling in relation to this subject include calling ireland `` eire '' ( should be \u00c9ire ) or insisting that irish people are always british . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not nice , but they 're not extraordinary . 
  my guess is the article was written by someone from portugal , and who has spent very little time north of belgium . 
  a lot of portuguese bridges there , ca n't say i 'd agree that all of them deserve to be on this list . 
  i do n't think cyridius is advocating that , what he is saying is that the media should ignore them . 
  look at the news channels constantly showing those pictures of isis troops , proudly raising their flag and taking territory . 
  it 's a very attractive image . 
  if i was disillusioned with the state of the world and agreed with isis on any issues then it would indeed be tempting to go over there . 
   i am saying that many of the usual protestations against freer borders can have logical mutually beneficial solutions . 
  what does your solution bring in that regard , that current systems do n't ? 
  skilled workers already can immigrate more easily than unskilled workers . 
  you 're saying that there are large numbers of skilled people in various countries who want to move to other countries , but are being prevented from doing so by both their own countries and their desired country . 
  these people are eager to adopt a new culture . 
  you say that these people will be able to perfectly replace people that are already in that country but want to move to another . 
  am i understanding you correctly then ? 
  your assuming that this is even a problem . 
  i do n't believe it is , for the most part . 
  canada would be nice . 
  maybe we could even trick them into joining the common travel area over schengen . 
  also it would make the canadian-american border the longest external border of the eu , over french guiana , pushing them further into obscurity . 
  people not knowing about there is vital to the success of the mechabarroso project . 
  in all honesty , i 'd vote yes for a munstronian republic or a peoples republic of cork . 
  more as a protest vote though , than an actual desire for independence . 
  but that would be cool too . 
  ... but do n't you guys have hs1 ? 
  i 'd take graham norton over ryan tubridy any day . 
  you guys got off easy . 
  only 7 ? 
  is this because of that time we beat you at that weird rounders knockoff thing you like ? 
  we could try claiming a lot of america , canada and australia . 
  in a map like this it does n't make any sense to split up the uk . 
  come on bbc , be sensible . 
  cork 's not the rough city , that 's limerick . 
  cork is just made fun of because we know that we 're fantastic , and have a fabulous accent . 
  or phone reviews that always use the price on contract to compare with other phones , on different contracts . 
   [ russian army manoevers take them accidentally on purpose across the west german frontier . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/ix_d_vmkswe?t=2m45s ) sometimes that show cuts a little too close . 
  i would say that both could be used , although i only ever use phrase like tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands when i 'm trying to make the number sound big , as opposed to thousands , which i would use when trying to stay neutral if the number was less than 100,000 . 
   according to customary international law ... 
  okay , perhaps i was wrong . 
  do you have any further reading on this ? 
  it sounds interesting . 
  although that fourth clause seems rather ... out of place . 
  the us is a country , yet it used violence to win it 's independence , along with many nations . 
  although , it does seem that isis would fit those first three criteria , if not now than certainly in the very near future . 
  i still do n't see how the uk can both recognise isis as a state and not as a state at the same time . 
  i would disagree . 
  `` thousands '' implys to me , and i imagine most people , something more like 30,000 or even higher , not 2,700 . 
   `` thousands '' 3,527 to be exact , of which 846 have been kicked out . 
  so the title is technically correct , but still rather alarmist . 
  also i find it disappointing that the telegraph is equating immigrants with islamic extremists . 
  that 's just unhelpful to public discourse , and incorrect . 
  many of the `` extremists '' are british , few ( if any ) of these immigrants are jihadis . 
   there are specifications for recognising a state on an international level and isis will never meet them . 
  i have never heard of any such specifications , i doubt they exist , and even if they do i do n't see how you can claim that isis will never meet them . 
   i see no real problem with uk not recognising them as a state and yet stating they will not be left stateless in their own terms , by their own thinking . 
  it does n't matter what the people think . 
  it 's what the state thinks . 
  the state says that one should not be left stateless . 
  the state says isis is not a state . 
  how can the state then say that someone has citizenship of a country that to the states mind does n't exist ? 
  in any court case that would be brought about citizenship revocation the burden would be on the state to prove that the person has the citizenship of another state . 
  the uk can not argue in court that isis is a state , then deny that on the world stage . 
  it 's not something a state can do . 
   it speaks to the crux of the matter : what they consider civilisation , the rest of us do n't . 
  how is that the crux of the matter ? 
  surely the crux of the matter is whether or not a state should be allowed to shit on human rights if it feels like it . 
  obviously i would state that such a position is monstrous , and hypocritical for any democratic nation to even entertain in any official form .
