  so what 'll be the difference then between itr and the d\u00e1il in terms of makeup ? 
  it 'll be even less respected !, 
  on a related note , while flicking through the bunreacht , does tcd still get 3 seats , and nui 3 as well ? 
  if so that seems crazy , considering relative sizes . 
  as an example , this is the start of it :  in the name of the most holy trinity , from whom is all authority and to whom , as our final end , all actions both of men and states must be referred ,  we , the people of \u00c9ire , humbly acknowledging all our obligations to our divine lord , jesus christ , who sustained our fathers through centuries of trial ... 
  in other parts : article 6 * all powers of government , legislative , executive and judicial , derive , under god , from the people ... * article 12 , part 8 presidential oath/declaration * `` in the presence of almighty god i , do solemnly and sincerely promise and declare that i will maintain the constitution of ireland and uphold its laws , that i will fulfil my duties faithfully and conscientiously in accordance with the constitution and the law , and that i will dedicate my abilities to the service and welfare of the people of ireland . 
  may god direct and sustain me . '' * article 44 ( religion ) part 1 * the state acknowledges that the homage of public worship is due to almighty god . 
  it shall hold his name in reverence , and shall respect and honour religion . 
  * that 's what i found with a cursory sconce at it . 
  now this is from the english version , and the irish version takes precedence , but for the most part they 're the same . 
  there 's also some problematic bits about women , and the other oaths also invoke god . 
  this is what the article says that federalism is supposed to mean :  rather than constituting a model for an ever closer political union or a european state , federalism implies a process of balancing power in a differentiated political order which enables unity while guaranteeing diversity ~ * andreas gross , swiss socialist *, 
  as a corkonian , everywhere else in ireland is inferior . 
  our beaches are cleaner , our air sweeter etc. 
  kerry is often joked about as well . 
  a lot of jokes that elsewhere might have an irishman as the butt of the joke have a kerryman here e.g. 
  how do you get a one-armed kerryman out of a tree ? 
  wave at him . 
  we also have piseogs , which i imagine are prechristian , although many individual ones might be newer . 
  they 're superstitions , sometimes taking the forms of curses , sometimes ways to ward off curses . 
  are piseogs prechristian ? 
  piseogs are superstitions . 
  they seem to be curses more often than not . 
  i think there 's one about breaking an egg over a still born calf and hiding the egg shell in another farmers hay to being bad luck and disease on his herd . 
  they vary from place to place , and are n't that widespread anymore . 
   from dublin you 're not one of those people who call the rest of ireland `` the provinces '' are you ? 
  it links forbes , but forbes does not say that the association agreement will fail , which is the entire basis of the mofa article . 
  forbes says that this is going to be difficult . 
  it never even uses the word `` fail '' in its article . 
  just to be clear , luas is not the irish word for tram . 
  it is the name of the tram service , and is used in english . 
  luas actually means speed . 
  the only thing is that some of the questions could have been mostly understood without any knowledge of irish . 
  if a guy came up to speaking in , say polish , asking for something and used the word luas i 'd probably tell him where to find it . 
  was this in the run up to exams or orals ? 
  my school certainly becomes a lot more multilingual in the few weeks preceding any house or state exams . 
  i do n't even drink . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  copenhagen for the [ european student parliament ] ( http://www.student-parliaments.eu/ ) !, 
  i 'm really looking forward to it . 
  they 're not very clear on just what goes into these assessments . 
  `` economic islamicity '' ? 
  apologies , i thought that 's what you were advocating . 
  so elect a president , and just rubber stamp him every so often . 
  there 's no need to bring in a monarchy . 
  why not ? 
  they stole the land in the first place , did n't they ? 
  are n't their still people who are pretenders to those thrones still ? 
  distantly , yes , but it 's not like the republicans managed to get everyone who could possibly be in line to inherit . 
  different things to different people . 
  to some it means greater integration . 
  to others it means dismantling the eu . 
  to some it means changing the names of the various eu institutions . 
  it 's why it 's so popular . 
  the eu is a compromise , few to none are completely happy with the way things are , so virtually everyone can get behind reform . 
  i get the joke , although i did n't mean how they got rid of their monarchs , but how they handled royal property/lands etc. 
  it still has one . 
  `` ruled '' is a bit strong though . 
  well , i suppose it would depend on how the country sees the monarchy , legally . 
  if they see it as some sort of state institution , then surely the assets can simply be transferred by some sort of act of law , or constitutional ammendment . 
  or maybe you could prosecute the royals for crimes against the people , then take their land ? 
  i 'm not a lawyer , nor do i live in a monarchy , so i 'm not familiar with how that would work . 
  what did the french do when they got rid of their king ? 
  or the russians and their tsar ? 
  like modern , western monarchies you mean ? 
  ... take their land ? 
  tax it at a high rate ? 
  i ca n't even talk about school subjects without them having to dip in to irish . 
  there could be . 
  there are certainly some with a poor grasp of english . 
  did you see rt\u00c9 's election coverage ? 
  they had a guy on from one of the islands . 
  he kept dropping into irish then trying to correct himself . 
  it was interesting to see . 
  interesting . 
  no border between ireland and the north . 
  also sinn f\u00e9in made gains in those elections and they 're eurosceptic . 
  there 's a proposed tunnel between sweden and germany ? 
  really ? 
  estonia-finland is actually a real proposal , called the [ helsinki to tallinn tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_to_tallinn_tunnel ), 
  it would be awesome , and i 'd definitely support it , but it probably could n't compete with planes , at least not currently . 
  but yeah , taking a train from dublin to paris would be awesome . 
  [ think big !, 
  i thought that the turkish people were n't crazy on the eu ? 
  dammit scotland , vote yes already so we can form a nice little celtic voting block !, 
  and a little bit more centrally situated . 
  most people i know just use car plate reg plus a random number if they have to and if n/a is n't accepted . 
  so c1 , or lk1 . 
  you missed the whole gerry adams thing . 
  [ according to rt\u00c9 he 's supposed to be released tonight . 
  ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0504/615151-gerry-adams-psni/ ), 
  do n't worry , they 'll still freak out , at least until they 're updated to recognise irish codes . 
  [ hey , at least its not a turkey puppt !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyyxhweho3w ), 
  it 'll take a while to get used to seeing ea18 instead of ea17 . 
  this is actually the first time i 've seen ea18 ... 
  yeah , i would agree . 
  in fairness though , i think most misunderstandings are cleared up by speaking slower , especially when it comes to corkonian . 
  although there are some words that could throw off people , most of them are slang as opposed to dialect ( i 'm think beoir/beour , feen/fian , gatting , pana , meet etc. ), 
  [ tried to fix it a bit ] ( http://imgur.com/jvbcejb ),
