btw , i think your post was deleted possibly because posts about immigration are not allowed outside the stickies . 
  same in ireland . 
  * [ 19.2 % percent of total population living in ireland was from a non-irish background in 2011 ( this is the average of three models used to calculate the percentage by eurostat . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pki7i6u.png ) * [ 40.8 % is the projected share of the total population for people with a foreign background in 2061 ( again , average of three models ) . 
  the models assume there are no persons with mixed background . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pki7i6u.png ) of course the percentage is higher and lower for various age groups . 
  you can see over 50 % of young children are projected to be of a foreign background in 2061 using model 4 's calculations . 
  you can see the results for your eu country in this [ eurostat study ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/en/web/products-statistical-working-papers/-/ks-ra-11-019 ) near the bottom . 
  more [ statistics about immigration in ireland can be found here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/identityirelandforum/wiki/irish_immigration_statistics ) . 
  john bruton is the ex-prime minister of ireland from 1994 to 1997 . 
  he now works as the chairman of the newly formed financial services body , ifsc ireland . 
  read this . 
  [ it 's from 1994 but relevant ] ( http://pop.org/content/fertility-decline-western-europe ) :  at present only three-quarters of the number of children needed to replace the present generation are being born . 
  around half of all households in the ec are either one or two person households , while households having five or more persons constitute only 13.3 % of the total . 
  within the ec only 6.5 % of households had three or more children in 1989 , and 0.6 % had five or more children ; the respective values for ireland were 19.1 % and 3.9 % ( eurostat 1991 ) . 
   the number of marriages in the community fell from 2,194,000 in 1960 to 1,941,000 in 1989 , while the fragility of existing marriages has increased . 
  if the trends observed over recent years in the various age groups were to hold for a whole generation , throughout its life-cycle , marriage would cease to be the norm and would involve only half the population ( escec 1986 ) . 
  the number of divorces increased from 125,000 in 1960 to 534,000 in 1988 for the ec as a whole . 
  during the 1970s spain and italy legalized divorce for the first time , leaving ireland as the only country in the ec with no such legal provision . 
  the available data suggests that the final proportion of marriages contracted in 1975 and ending in divorce should be more than one in five in france , more than one in four in england and wales and nearly one in three in denmark ( escec 1986 ) . 
  with the option of divorce , the number of remarriages increased so that in 1987 it was almost double the 1960 figure : 303,000 men and 278,000 women remarried in 1987 as against 183,000 and 146,000 in 1960 . 
  in addition to the growth in cohabitation , there has been a big increase in the number of people living alone , as widowers , widows or divorcees ( escec 1986 ) . 
  there has also been a significant increase in single parent families , with that parent most often being the mother . 
  the proportion of family units which were one parent families in 1981 -- 82 was 5.8 % in germany and 13.6 % in ireland ( eurostat 1991 ) . 
   since marriage has been facing competition from various types of more informal union , the number of births out of wedlock in the ec has increased from 4.5 % of live births in 1960 to 17.1 % in 1989 ( eurostat 1991 ) . 
  births out of wedlock as a proportion of all live births varied in 1989 from a high of 45 % in denmark to a low of 2.1 % in greece and with ireland having 12.6 % . 
  the decline in fertility has had a significant impact on third and subsequent births between 1960 and 1988 : the extent of decline was 77 % in portugal , 72 % in italy and 40 % in ireland ( eurostat 1991 ) . 
  since the 1970s there has been a slight rise in the average age at first marriage , and there has also been an increase of one year in the average age of women at the birth of their first child . 
  among the most striking features that have characterized the european family in recent decades , therefore , are later childbirth , smaller families and more children born out of wedlock . 
   a related social phenomenon , for which few data are provided by many ec countries , is the growth in the number of declared legal abortions . 
  in 1988 abortions as a proportion of live births were as follows : denmark ( 36.0 % ) , italy ( 30.4 % ) , the uk ( 24.7 % ) , france ( 21.1 % ) and the former federal republic of germany ( frg ) ( 12.4 % ) . 
  differences between countries can be explained to some extent in terms of changes in the law in relation to abortion . 
   demographic trends indicate that most developed countries are converging towards lower fertility rates and , while there are few significant signs of a foreseeable reversal in these trends , it should be noted that swedish fertility rates have begun to increase rapidly with the number of children per woman now 2.1 compared with 1.6 in 1983 ( family policy studies centre 1991 ) . 
  swedish women are opting in large numbers to give birth at ages that were previously regarded as high and medically risky for starting a family . 
  while other european countries may follow this trend in the coming decade , the evidence to date is not very promising . 
   a society wanting to maintain its population size , without systematically relying on mass immigration , needs a considerable number of families with three children . 
  but the reality is that only a minority of families are in favor of three children . 
  so of course eu countries have been trying to boost their population through immigration . 
  merkel recently called germany [ `` a country of immigration '' ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/08/us-germany-immigration-iduskbn0kh1ze20150108 ) but now she is being forced to realise that some of these immigrants germany has invited in pose a bigger problem than they thought they would . 
  leaders of eu countries . 
  many have put forward the case that their countries need to increase their populations through immigration in order to service their economies ' debts . 
  most eu countries have huge pension debts . 
  in ireland , there will be a predicted $ 195 million increase in pension spending for each and every year between now and 2026 because the state promised these people pensions and they are retiring . 
  they they need to pay for it . 
  they intend to service this debt by enlarging the tax base . 
  they know this is not sustainable in the long run and privately discuss this . 
  they know the collapse is looming . 
  read what john bruton said had a private new york dinner . 
  they took down the video has soon as the news picked up on its release but there is a [ transcript ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/politics/john-bruton-populations-are-blaming-austerity-on-bankers-like-people-in-the-17th-century-blamed-witches-30495871.html ) :  `` and this is happening here in terms of the problem that the us is making to its own citizens in medicare and medicaid and social security , which are completely unaffordable and will not be afforded and will not be deliverable . 
  these promises will be broken here in the us . '', 
   `` the same is going to happen in europe . 
  the same is going to happen in japan , even more so in japan . 
  we do n't want to face that , but it is a reality . 
  it is going to happen . 
  these promises are going to be broken and they have to be broken because they ca n't be afforded . 
  we 're not going to have enough people to produce the wealth to fulfil those promises . '', 
  and peter sutherland is listened to by leaders in eu countries . 
  here he is being listened to in the house of lords , telling them that the ageing population is destructive to prosperity and they need to make their populations larger to combat this and be more multicultural : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaz7fdr7hd0, 
  of course there is . 
  it 's what ponzi schemes do . 
  it 's why they are illegal for everybody but the state . 
  too late to sort out the catastrophic collapse of the ponzi scheme . 
  japan is a massive ponzi scheme . 
  they have some of the biggest companies in the world , yet they can not sustain themselves because house prices were grossly inflated and other debts passed onto the next generation . 
  now they have a declining birthrate and can not service these debts . 
  what every country needs is an economic model where a person 's income supports all their needs . 
  and you are having a laugh about he automation . 
  we 've been automating things for years and years and still there is this need to constantly increase the population . 
  this is not sustainable . 
  unfortunately many people do n't seem to realise this until it is too late . 
  the population only has to constantly increase because the economy is a ponzi scheme . 
  ponzi schemes are destined for failure . 
  how can a country increase its population forever ? 
  house prices are inflated this way . 
  instead of the average worker using their income to provide for all their needs like housing , healthcare and retirement , they end up servicing an enormous housing cost which far exceeds its brick and mortar value and their other costs are passed on . 
  this of course suits goldman sachs where peter sutherland is a chairman as even when the ponzi scheme collapses , those at the top of the food chain will be the only people to escape the disaster . 
  it would be much more preferable to live in a country with a stable or declining population . 
  it would be better for the environment too . 
  there with more resources to share , less traffic . 
  people would live in larger more comfortable homes which cost less but again this does not suit those at the top of the pyramid . 
  listen to eu leaders . 
  they keep saying they need immigrants in order to increase the population in order to enlarge the tax base to pay off the previous generation 's debts . 
  they have no other solution to paying off those debts . 
  they consider it a crisis . 
  the only problem they have is persuading the europeans it is a good idea . 
  over course this just kicking the can down the road and making the problem bigger . 
  listen to peter sutherland too . 
  he advises mass-immigration to ` undermine national homogeneity ' in order to destroy national identity in eu member states so that they can be easily led at a federal eu level . 
  i think the eu are fairly happy with the level immigration . 
  the only thing they are unhappy about is that they want more of it . 
  got a source for that ? 
  how is this `` local news '' if the national police of the provincial brigade of public safety started a special search mission in collaboration with the local police at molina de segura and cartagena ? 
  it 's not a prison . 
  it 's a detention centre for illegal immigrants . 
  also facilitates the spread of illegal immigrants . 
  looks like she made it through . 
  why do n't they try that in africa ? 
  i do n't know if you are a left extremist but you took the time to go to an afd convention which shows to me that your opposition level is very high . 
  therefor i thought you might have some incite into the kind of mindset who thinks it a good idea to set the afd leader 's car on fire . 
  you might be aware of these people as they also oppose afd .
