  germany has a history of left-wing terrorism ( red army faction ) and antifa who are often violent are popular there too . 
  thought you might have some incite . 
  who do you think these left-wing extremists usually support ? 
  the greens , die linke or someone else ? 
  who do you think set her car on fire yesterday ? 
  you were in the crowd or you were with the school kids who asked her questions ? 
  half the room was full of neo-nazis ? 
  how do you know ? 
  the immigrant communities voted for khan , the whites voted for the tory candidate . 
  was the original 11 % an exit poll ? 
  no , not at all . 
  sorry if i come off like that . 
  so you ca n't be just right . 
  you can only be centre-right or far-right ? 
  what was the reaction from afd to his remarks ? 
  so there is not such thing as `` right-wing '' - you can only be `` centre-right '' or `` far-right '' ? 
  i ca n't understand that . 
  is he saying gay maghrebs should be sent back to maghreb countries regardless of whether they get put in jail or not ? 
  got a link ? 
  i watched a video of school children challenging frauke petry over those accusations . 
  they disrupted her conference so she took the time to answer them . 
  very entertaining . 
  at 5:04 she asks them if any of them are able to say why they accuse afd of being against environmental protection . 
  what 's so extreme about them ? 
  they only have a centre-right party with cdu and a far-right party with afd but why do n't they have just a right-wing party ? 
  and what is a right-wing party ? 
  polish is the second most widely spoken in ireland ahead of chinese and then irish . 
  why is there no right-wing party ? 
  why are there only centre-right and far-right parties ? 
  what is a right-wing party ? 
  mass muslim immigration . 
  whatever its called . 
  the eu 's . 
  they fucked him off to jordan in the end because his child was no longer residing in ireland ( he had been claiming right to family life ) . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/alleged-recruiter-for-isis-in-ireland-deported-to-jordan-1.2714275 colm o'gorman from amnesty international howled in protest . 
  how was here in the first place ? 
  very little is talked about immigration in the media unless its in glowing or sympathetic terms . 
  did you hear about the bomb factory they discovered in tallaght run by men described as `` foreign nationals '' in 2014 ? 
  i read one report about that and never heard anything since . 
  nope . 
  the original leaked documents - you have to read those . 
  i did . 
  of course the mainstream media is not going to report on them . 
  there was a good thread about the leaks listing various documents and highlighting bits on an irish politics forum : http://www.politics.ie/forum/current-affairs/250265-george-soros-open-society-foundation-what-do-they-do-dcleaks-pulls-back-curtain.html here is the document about open society being alarmed that the uk would gain sovereignty if they scrapped the human rights act . 
  it 's true . 
  i read the document . 
  was there a mega-thread on the soros leaks on this sub ? 
  it showed how deep they work within the eu . 
  they boasted about understanding how to work its complexity . 
  they listed 228 meps who they regarded as allies . 
  they drive policy especially relating to rights for groups like migrants etc in a number of ways . 
  this is how they get leverage . 
  they train meps to combat `` populist parties '' and funded organisations to get the migrant vote out to punish pro-immigration-control parties . 
  they pay the eu observer to publish migrant propaganda . 
  lots more . 
  they want to use the current crisis to `` normalise irregular immigration '' . 
  this was all in the docs . 
  was there seriously not a thread about this stuff on here ? 
  it is not tin-foil hat stuff any more now that we have the docs . 
  ireland could n't deport the head recruiter for isis in ireland because of it . 
  the human rights act is used as a tool of global governance . 
  in the soros leaks there was one document where open society expressed their displeasure and alarm that the uk wanted to scrap the act in favour of their own british one because open society believed this would gain them sovereignty . 
  16 % of afd 's vote came from cdu . 
  she was talking about her bad godesberg . 
  how did they screw public education ? 
  great news for hungarian workers and unemployment is at a record low too . 
  average monthly salaries after taxes rose 8.4 percent !, 
   while the government 's priority is to fill vacancies with the currently unemployed , that may take time as some lack skills or motivation to join the workforce , according to varga . 
  awsome , instead of shipping in migrants , they are going to try to train-up their unemployed . 
  this is exactly what businesses used to do before open-border mass immigration . 
  in fact businesses used to pay colleges to train their staff !, 
  hungary is sounding like the best place to live in the eu at the moment . 
  blm ireland : https://twitter.com/awkaoife/status/752939597617848320 https://twitter.com/erickaduffy/status/752929375750918144 looks like black people did n't even bother showing up . 
  my reply to you was censored so here is a link to a pastebin with the comment . 
  you will have to put the link together to read it . 
  look at the state of sweden . 
  why destroy those places . 
  greenland and iceland are n't in the eu anyway . 
  build an island . 
  do n't . 
  is this in the netherlands ? 
  ca n't , our women have been conditioned to despise straight , white men , prefer abortions to having babies and to think working a daily 9-6 grind is the height of success . 
  it is disturbing that the eu is continuing to allow europe to be effectively colonised by muslims and not caring about what their growth in europe will mean for future generations and where their loyalties will lie . 
  it 's called being a dutch passport holder . 
  the prime minister of somalia has a norwegian passport but somalia does not have a norwegian prime minister . 
  it has a somalian one . 
  i watched the tv coverage . 
  his mental health problems were not part of the narrative . 
   the man accused of murdering jo cox sought help for his mental health problems the night before she was killed - but was told to make an appointment and come back the next day . 
   the disclosure comes as it emerged that thomas mair had allegedly bought a number of manuals from an extremist group in the us , which explained how to construct a home-made gun and munitions . 
  there were also reports that police had found ` nazi regalia ' at his home . 
   mr mair , 52 , visited an alternative therapy centre in birstall on wednesday evening , the night before mrs cox was killed , where he explained he wanted treatment for depression . 
  yes , that is what the telegraph reported but this was not widely reported in the mainstream media . 
  this did not become part of the narrative . 
  bbc nor sky nor itv nor channel 4 did not discuss it in their tv coverage . 
  there were stories from his neighbours posted on reddit saying that he blamed jo cox for not receiving mental health treatment while she concerned herself with syrian migrants . 
  this was never investigated in the media . 
  the narrative the media put out during his trial was that he was a white supremacist who owned nazi literature and that he supported brexit . 
  talking points revolved around britain needs to stop extremism and the rise of far-right politics . 
  wrong , tommy mair had mental illness and was trying to get help for his mental health problems when he murdered joe cox .
