in english it 's `` spot the difference '' . 
  i must admit i thought prostitution was illegal in the uk . 
  brothels being illegal is incredibly stupid , though . 
  the ussr lost more than 20 million people in the war , about 15 % of its population . 
  one in six people died . 
  unbelievable to think about . 
  also , do n't forget that japan 's biggest crime in the war was perl harbour . 
  do n't worry about those 10-20 million chinese ( yes , the error in that estimate is 10 million people ) . 
  the stockholm metro is nice . 
  there is at least one station where the ceiling is like an echo chamber and it sounds really weird when you walk through it while talking . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  sure , but butter is a fundamental part of french cooking , much more than olive oil . 
  all five of escoffier 's * sauces-m\u00e8re * are either based on a roux made from butter or , in the case of * hollandaise * , made mostly from butter . 
  if you check escoffier 's * le guide culinaire * you 'll see butter turn up everywhere , i 'm not sure olive oil is even in the book , though . 
  france lower than britain . 
  damn french paradox . 
  so is butter , though . 
  same in britain but olive oil is everywhere now because it got branded as a health food . 
  i was really talking about the traditional cuisine of those places . 
  if you look at just the chd in the map then i think it does correlate with op 's . 
  it 's a bit difficult to see because my link includes more of eastern europe which is off the scale of op 's map . 
  it seems if you take into account stroke then spain and italy come off worse ( but not france ... ) . 
  your impression is wrong : http://www.healthknot.com/image-files/cvd_europe4.png source : http://www.healthknot.com/salt_reality.html, 
  except butter is used all over france . 
  olive oil is only popular in the mediterranean departments , but even then they still use butter and in quantities that british and american people are scared of . 
  shame we ca n't see if there is any variation across france . 
  people in the north of france do not have a mediterranean diet . 
   british lagers by and large are piss . 
  agreed . 
  although since the brands include carlsberg , heinneken , fosters etc. 
  they are hardly british . 
  but in any case if you judge british beer by that swill then we can judge belgium by stella artois , right ? 
  i 've spent some time on beer forums on the internet and the general consensus among americans ( whom i consider to be unbiased outsiders ) is that belgium is first with either britain or one of germany , czech republic etc. 
  second , depending on your taste in beer . 
  in my opinion , the greatest lagers are worth a go , but none can meet the complexity of a good ale . 
  the us * is * pretty high , but unfortunately not so many americans understand the concepts of subtlety and restraint . 
  i 've tasted far too many american beers that are caricatures of their original british or belgian styles and lack the depth and complexity of more traditional examples of those styles . 
  if you think british beer is very light i 'd love to know what you think about american beer ( i mean `` traditional '' american beer , they do brew proper beer now ) . 
  the type that you can drink four pints of is called a session beer . 
  there are stronger ones . 
  look for 7 % or above alcohol content . 
  but generally people here prefer to drink beer in pints . 
  interesting . 
  i guess you are extending the stereotype of bad food etc. 
  british ale is well regarded as some of the best in the world . 
  if you take ale as being better than lager then it automatically puts uk into the top 2 in europe . 
  what 's more , britain is pretty much the only place in the world where you 'll find ale served fresh from the cask . 
  just look at the microbrew movement in the us , guess which styles they have adopted ? 
  that 's right , british and belgian : http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/top-50/ you 'll be hard pressed to find many enthusiasts who rate lager higher than ale . 
  maybe we fail at marketing . 
  but our beer just does n't travel well . 
  you 've got to come here to try it . 
  czech republic ? 
  really ? 
  do n't they produce mostly lager ( like germany ) ? 
  lager is like white wine , can be perfectly acceptable , but never as good as red ( which corresponds to ale in this analogy ) . 
   most innovative companies / me spits out drink microsoft have been retarding progress for years . 
  they fucked up the web with ie . 
  they fucked up email by incorrectly doing quotes and cross references in email headers ( this led to google advertising `` threads '' in gmail as a major feature , something that people had in the 70s ) . 
  they 've refused to properly support open standards . 
  and where 's the innovation ? 
  half of the heavily advertised features in the last few versions of windows were ripped off from osx and various desktop environments for linux . 
  most serious * computing * ( as opposed to user-driven application use ) is done on linux because it is leaps and bounds ahead of windows by now . 
  * ridiculous, 
  they do have a monopoly thanks to vendor lock in . 
  just look at how difficult it was for the city of munich to switch to free software : http://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-munich-rejected-steve-ballmer-and-kicked-microsoft-out-of-the-city/ note that it was not done for financial reasons . 
  lack of choice means monopoly . 
   but banning emails ? 
  that 's insane . 
  actually it 's not that bad . 
  back in the day we used to use this thing called an outbox . 
  you used to `` send '' emails but they stayed in the outbox until you had an internet connection . 
  it would be trivially easy to set up emails to stay in an outbox until the next start of a working day . 
  do n't forget that copyright itself was invented so that the government/church could control the output of printing presses . 
  they were n't really thinking about the freedom of individuals at that point . 
  the fact that we still have copyright laws that were developed to control a small handful of printing presses when copying is now trivially performed by each and ever member of society is the amazing thing . 
  `` break in '' is a bit of a strong way to say `` view plaintext email stored on their own servers '' . 
  if you store your data unencrypted on someone else 's servers , they are reading your data . 
  are you a model ? 
  why do you need to wear makeup and style your hair for work ? 
  getting to work by bike requires effort and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  fuck you if you think i should turn up without a misplaced hair . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're commenting about what it 's like where you live anyway . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  i find it amusing how much america depends on cars , but it 's irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  yeah i 've known people in construction who drive a full van of tools home with them every night . 
  it 's completely unnecessary and a terrible waste of energy . 
  of course some work involves transporting tools ( like the plumber ) , but i seriously doubt that transporting tools to work from home every day is actually necessary for the vast majority of people . 
  no , not really . 
  you might as well mention how the vast majority of people who live on islands need a boat . 
  so you 're saying that depressed people prefer to drive ? 
  sweaty yes . 
  that 's what happens when you exercise . 
  you should try it some time . 
  ok ... this is / r/europe . 
  getting to work is not one of those things . 
  unfortunately yes , people are stuck in that car-centric mindset . 
  remember that the majority of people alive today have always had a car . 
  i regular overtake hundreds of cars on my way to work every day . 
  i know many of the people who do it .
