  that 's fair enough , but it 's not really their choice if they 've been indoctrinated by their parents into a religion . 
  `` marriage '' is just a name used in law . 
  the uk has essentially the same thing for all couples but it 's just not called marriage ( yet ) . 
  not being able to legally call yourself `` married '' is n't really that big of a deal compared to other things . 
  people are still free to call any kind of civil partnership a marriage if they want . 
  yeah i need to start using them . 
  i can get all the weird indian spices and stuff for daal etc. 
  but for some reason when they say the british like indian food , they mean a very small subset of indian food . 
  nearly everyone i know enjoys a `` curry '' , but none of them know what daal is . 
  i 've actually never cooked lentils but my parents used to a lot . 
  my main staple during undergrad was noodles . 
  before i learnt to cook properly i was quite malnourished and unhealthy . 
  actually , my apologies , it was the berlin to copenhagen train that i took which went on the ferry . 
  not sure why i thought it was hamburg . 
  edit : oh but it seems the hamburg to copenhagen train ( ice ) does use the ferry too . 
  my student loan covered all of my bills . 
  and that liability is still mine , not my parents ' . 
  between puttgarten and rodby . 
  you can see the interface at puttgarten here : http://goo.gl/maps/zo1gt, 
  yeah , i went to university and just never moved back in with my parents at the end . 
  i 've never had to ask for money from them for anything . 
  but i am very frugal . 
  yep , still does even today . 
  it 's quite a novelty . 
  you have to get off the train and stay on the upper decks while the boats goes across . 
  i think that would be a different line that stays on land . 
  the boat is between puttgarden and rodby . 
  i read `` young adults '' and thought under 25 years old . 
  but it 's actually 25-34 years old . 
  as someone who moved out at 18 i find that quite incredible . 
  more of a novelty than scenic but the train from hamburg to copenhagen goes on a boat . 
  science fiction has to actually be about the science . 
  star wars is just a story set in space . 
  while something like jurassic park , for example , is actually about the use of science and technology . 
  ugh , they called it sci-fi . 
  actually technically the broads ( far east of england ) is n't a national park . 
  but it is something quite similar to a national park . 
  do you use b\u00c9po for german ? 
  and also prevents you from using other people 's computers . 
  do you really have to change ? 
  are n't most computers set up so that you can change the keyboard layout easily ? 
  it does n't matter what letters are written on the keys . 
  we also have the word casein , which is the name of the main protein in milk ( the other one being whey ) . 
  so . . jealous ... 
  i wonder why ceuta is so fat . 
  actually ... sidelights are so that other people can see you . 
  maybe it is better to drive in snow with only sidelights on . 
  in the uk it 's perfectly legal to drive at night with only sidelights in a residential area where there is street lighting . 
  maybe it should be encouraged too . 
  me too , but it reduces the sensitivity of your dick . 
  took me a while to be able to enjoy sex . 
  i 'd highly recommend using lube and a fleshlight if you want to make sex more enjoyable . 
  f1 cars use semi-automatic gearboxes . 
  that means they can still downshift . 
  it also makes sense for them to spend a ton of money on a system which gives them really quick , perfect gear changes . 
  the rest of us would rather have something cheaper and more economical and learn to do reasonably fast and smooth gear changes ourselves . 
  ugh , a graph that does n't start at 0 . 
  we had potatoes with every meal in england too . 
  i think the real question is , how on earth are they eating so much potato in belarus ? 
  is that the slightly brighter than normal cloud ? 
  i think i saw that earlier . 
  he has the same amount of time as you . 
  he just decides to spend it differently . 
  fish and chips rarely comes wrapped in newspaper any more . 
  it 's usually just white paper now . 
  nobody eats a full english breakfast every day . 
  hardly anyone even eats a cooked breakfast every day . 
  instead , many people eat candied cereals . 
  and that 's what makes you fat : carbs/sugar . 
  not protein and fat . 
  what is british cuisine ? 
  roast beef with yorkshire pudding ? 
  full english breakfast ? 
  that 's just not what most people eat day to day . 
  it 's just like in the us : a large proportion of fat people 's calories come from high sugar products like sweets , soft drinks , breakfast cereals , sickly pastries like doughnuts etc. 
  oh god , how embarrassing ... 
  it 's not untrue , tomorrow is just a moving target ... 
  i do n't know about that . 
  the general public 's idea of fat/obese has gone the other way in recent years . 
  people who would 've been considered fat a century ago are now considered normal or even slim . 
  ever heard of the phrase `` pinch an inch '' ? 
  people who ca n't pinch an inch nowadays are considered `` athletic '' . 
  i do n't see how they can possibly do this legally . 
  before they have run facial recognition , there is no way to know that the people in the photograph consented to it being run . 
  some english speaking french people just ca n't ( or do n't bother trying to ) pronounce h 's at all which sounds extremely french . 
  likewise some english speak french with an english r which sounds stupid or collapse syllables like we do in britain for some reason . 
  but this is n't really accent , it 's just pronunciation . 
  as an english learning french i hope i will just sound like the equivalent of inspector clouseau or something . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  maybe in the us , but it 's short for great britain which is the island consisting of mainland england , scotland and wales . 
  `` britain '' certainly ca n't include northern ireland , which the uk does . 
  the uk is a perfectly succinct and unambiguous abbreviation . 
  britain is n't a country . 
  the only way britain can exit europe is if a tectonic plate breaks in half . 
  my watch is synced to the rugby time signal :d, 
  well you can keep your own personal definition of atheism , which excludes you , if you like but according to the common definition ( the one that matters ) you 're an atheist whether you like it or not . 
  does it sound hilarious ? 
  french people speaking english do n't really sound funny , just french . 
  then you 're also an atheist . 
  if you do n't believe in any god then you are an atheist , simple as that .
