  so what ? 
  edit : wow , downvotes here ? 
  is this an uncomfortable question because it 's difficult to actually come up with a reason ? 
  yeah i know there 's no inherent weakness , but we 're not talking about that anyway , we 're talking about countries having head starts . 
  you learn how to learn languages and you 'll notice that people who are fluent in a second language are usually pretty good at a third and even fourth . 
  most of europe would pick up latin much quicker than the uk . 
  i fail to see how it could be taken as a joke . 
  yes , i 'm serious . 
  it would be awesome if the official language was latin , yes . 
  but in reality that would never happen because it would actually give the uk a major disadvantage since we 're so shit at languages . 
  the uk does ... but you 're right the us never set an official language . 
  english is just the de facto standard . 
  why ? 
  terry schiavo ... then again , ` murica . 
  i hate the fact that in a lot of laws parents have rights over children . 
  it should be the other way around . 
  children have a right to care and the parents have an obligation to fulfil that responsibility . 
  there 's no way any parent should have control over a child , though . 
  yeah i can see parents cruelly prolonging the suffering too . 
  you probably ca n't even blame them , but they will do it anyway . 
  what do you think the problems could be ? 
   now parents will have veto right , which was n't the purpose at first . 
  so parents can force a terminally ill person to keep suffering ? 
  it was looking good until i read this . 
  this gives me an accurate and complete impression of what it 's like to live in each of these countries . 
  yeah , i do n't think the efforts were that bad actually . 
  and also , it 's not really very important knowledge at the end of the day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_watch_foundation_and_wikipedia one day everyone in the uk discovered that they were not able to edit wikipedia . 
  it turned out the reason was because all traffic to wikipedia was going through a proxy . 
  this was the first time most people had heard of the iwf . 
  every other week sites like imgur are blocked in the uk now . 
  the funny thing about the whole thing was that the image itself was unknown to most people before the incident and now it 's notable only for being involved in the controversy . 
  also , it appears that the people who reported it to the iwf are very good at finding this kind of content . 
  i already do and have done since the day wikipedia was blocked . 
  but it 's not a solution , it 's just for my own convenience . 
  `` no one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it . '', 
  -- orwell . 
  what i hate is when people bastardise italian cooking by making it complicated . 
  yeah i 'm talking about americans ( british people do n't even try , italian = tomato in britain ) . 
  these are some popular bastardisations : cream in carbonara , cream in pesto , pizza in general , all kinds of shit including sugar on salad , more sauce than pasta and sugar in sauces . 
  italian cooking is all about simplicity and getting the most out of a few good quality ingredients . 
  also italians like pasta . 
  a pasta sauce is like a dressing . 
  the pasta is the principal component of the dish . 
  if anyone wants to learn to cook real italian food , marcella hazan 's books are wonderful . 
  i ca n't read italian , but it is done in italy for fresh stuffed pasta like ravioli apparently . 
  i only know about it because i saw some fat american woman making it on a video linked from reddit . 
  she called it sketty . 
  * looks at flag * make sense ... 
   iterally everyone has a house or an appartment . 
  til germany has no homeless . 
   both switzerland and the uk can change their constitution easily and last i checked they are both doing great define `` great '' . 
  the uk has no freedom of speech while the us has it enshrined in the constitution . 
  it 's effectively illegal to keep secrets from the government in the uk thanks to required divulging of encryption keys , something that is illegal in the us and again enshrined in their constitution . 
  equality adjusted hdi too , please . 
  the funny thing is the uneducated masses rejected the alternative vote system a couple of years ago because it takes more than a couple of brain cells to understand . 
  maybe that 's why i 'm not proud to be british . 
  it 's just the country i happen to have been born into . 
  british is what i am , but why would i be proud of it ? 
  beer : belgium obviously . 
   everyone cuts us a lot of slack for ww2 and the associates crimes lately ; although i find it bad because apologizing does not mean it was any less of a crime not really . 
  japan on the other hand ... also , assuming you are younger than 90 , i do n't see why anyone would have to cut you any slack . 
  meh . . germany has the second worst cuisine in europe ( after britain , of course ) . 
   french also has colossal defects , like not having a word for ` get ' . 
  does any other language have a word with all of the meanings of `` get '' ? 
  you just have to use the correct french word for what you mean . 
  that actually makes french less ambiguous and easier to understand if anything . 
  chocolatine is also used around the montpellier area which is where i encountered it . 
  they tasted pretty buttery to me . 
  and i 'm a bit of a butter snob so i should be able to tell . 
  yeah i suppose . 
  i just do n't think that french type of music ( daft punk et al ) is very original or interesting . 
  trance and drum n bass is much better imo . 
  i did n't say that `` je m ` appelle '' sounds elegant , i just prefer what it actually means . 
  when i introduce myself , i want to say `` i call myself '' , not `` my name is '' which sounds like i 'm providing identification . 
  i did mean `` si '' as in yes ( it 's not really `` but yes '' which would be `` mais oui '' , although we do n't say it in english ) . 
  we do n't have a way to unambiguously answer a negative question . 
  if someone asks `` have you never been ? '', 
  you have to say `` yes , i have '' because simply `` yes '' might be ( and often is ) interpreted as `` yes , i have never been '' . 
  yes , we can express `` n'est - ce pas '' , obviously , but it has to `` agree '' with the verb of the main clause , so : `` you did it , did n't you ? 
  '' , `` you are , are n't you ? '', 
  it 's much easier just to add `` n'est - ce pas '' unconditionally which is why people have invented `` innit '' for english . 
  english is better at expressing some things , french is better at expressing others . 
  that 's why it 's good to be multilingual . 
  i 've noticed that a lot of younger french people have a much more neutral accent in english now . 
  older people still tend to sound like inspector clouseau and ca n't pronounce h. 
  i love france but i actually think their music is some of the worst . 
  stuff like france gall and aliz\u00e9e is a guilty pleasure , though . 
  as far as electronic music goes , germany and the uk have always been leaps and bounds ahead . 
  of course , there are always exceptions , blue planet corporation is french and made my favourite trance album of all time . 
  interesting that you think french is elegant , assuming that italian is your native language . 
  i would 've said italian was more elegant , being closer to latin . 
   they do n't . 
  but they managed to convince others that they do . 
  it really depends what you think is beautiful . 
  it 's not really a very elegant language , it 's far from minimal , and there are loads and loads of weird exceptions to the grammar ( sometimes you wonder why you learn french grammar at all ) . 
  but the way they say things is kind of beautiful . 
  `` je m ` appelle '' ( i call myself ) is so much nicer than `` my name is '' . 
  i wish i could say that in english . 
  also the special word `` si '' is pretty useful , we need that in english .
