  if it happens it might also present an opportunity for me to retain eu citizenship if the uk decides to leave . 
  cigarettes are drugs . 
  and one of the worst . 
  if people are using other drugs instead than that 's probably a good thing . 
  notice how the country where all drugs are decriminalised is one of the lowest ( portugal ) . 
  oh i see , i was under the impression that seizures did not occur of medication was taken . 
  please pardon my ignorance . 
  i think it 's almost inevitable that self-driving cars will happen , even with no human to fall back on . 
  i mean , what exactly is a human supposed to do anyway ? 
  the machine could fail , but cars can break down anyway . 
  this assumes that cars will stay around in any form , though . 
  i wonder what the implications of this could be . 
  if in the event of an accident it turned out that a human had overridden the computer i think the punishment should be a lot worse . 
  not being funny but why does n't she get a bicycle ? 
  a bicycle + trains in europe should provide enough `` freedom '' . 
  as a software engineer you should know that electronic computers are in fact extremely reliable . 
  maybe even some of the most reliable machines we 've ever built . 
  the software is the problem . 
  for this reasons and others , all software used to control self-driving cars should be open source . 
  but will `` drivers '' be able to override it if , for example , the computer refuses to dangerously pass a cyclist ? 
   more is n't always better , is it ? 
  absolutely not . 
  but if the demand for weapons and tat is going to remain high then it 's probably better that we make it here . 
  i spoiled by ballot at the last general election , i hope these count towards turnout but i 'm not sure . 
  well it just further confirms that obesity is caused by diet , not lack of exercise . 
  the uk colour here is n't quite correct . 
  although we do use the words ale and beer , we also use the word lager . 
  ale and lager are two different types of beer , which we distinguish between . 
  a lot of countries drink either one or the other , ie . 
  belgium is mostly ale and germany is mostly lager , but although britain is traditionally an ale place , lager is more popular ( unfortunately ) . 
  more of an americanism than an anglicism . 
  nice by microwave meal standards maybe . 
  they still smell revolting and a nowhere near as nice as my cooking . 
  and yes i have been unfortunate enough to be within smelling distance of an m&s one . 
  as a native speaker , the real answer is we do n't fully know . 
  language acquisition is a fascinating area of research . 
  the restaurant ones are like if you cooked for yourself then reheated it the next day . 
  ready meals from supermarkets are designed for a long shelf life and are made in a factory . 
  they smell absolutely revolting and anyone should be able to tell if a restaurant served them a true supermarket ready meal . 
  i remember barely anything from french in school . 
  i just was n't interested back then . 
  one of the biggest problems with school is they never give the children a good enough reason for why they should learn these things . 
  some people find some things interesting for no real reason , but that 's rarely the case . 
  i remember in maths someone asking the teacher what the point of differentiation was and she did not have an answer . 
  so everyone was from then on learning this pointless thing just for the exam . 
  all she needed to say was that newton invented it in order to explain the motion of the planets . 
  that 's exciting . 
  in the uk we have the problem that foreign languages seem pointless because everyone speaks english and we 'll never run out of english literature and other culture to enjoy . 
  instead the real reason to learn a foreign language is it teaches you more about your native language . 
  but they do not explain this and therefore we all think it 's pointless . 
  it does the top , but elsewhere it says learnt . 
  in any case it should be `` are being taught '' . 
  the graph would look very different if it showed languages that have been successfully learnt to a reasonable standard . 
  i think this should be languages * taught * , not learnt . 
  there 's no way 70 % of people in the uk have `` learnt '' french . 
  why is the data for france missing ? 
  i know that they do learn english in schools over there . 
  but they tend to only get as good at it as we get at french . 
  other way around . 
  unsalted is better because you can add your own salt . 
  you ca n't really use salted butter for cooking or baking . 
  what about northern ireland ? 
  is `` the north of ireland '' still prevalent ? 
  * whiskey, 
  i was referring to the bit about ireland becoming no longer very catholic . 
  really ? 
  compared to english or french butter ? 
  or are you simply comparing european with american butter which is terrible ? 
   not so long ago very catholic . 
  i think that in the light of systematic child raping by the catholic church that is changing now . 
  source for this ? 
  some people noted that dvd region coding probably violates international free trade agreements too . 
  nothing happened . 
  so no , i do n't . 
  being on the train * is * the holiday . 
  that 's what i meant by winding in the wheels and this is what they do between france and spain , yes . 
  russia and china have different gauges too ( china is standard gauge ) . 
  does n't stop the trans-siberian railway . 
  even spain has a different gauge . 
  there are several solutions to change gauges . 
  they can change the wheels , or wind the wheels out . 
  narrow gauge trains are even run atop standard gauge trains in some parts . 
  yep , this is just one of the reason that i vote for the green party . 
  so you 're pissed off , but will continue to send your data to zuckerberg et al. ? 
  nothing can be done . 
  nope , i assumed this was the case all along and that 's why i do n't use those `` services '' . 
  yeah because those people are n't using english more and more even in their home countries . 
  but there are a lot of people who are . 
  unless people actively try to preserve their languages this could happen to any of them . 
  there are a lot of people who do n't care about their native tongue and just use whatever language is best for their career or whatever . 
  we 'll probably see a lot more of this in the coming years as people start to use english more and more even in their home countries . 
  bread and dripping is a totally british thing to eat . 
  the fact that it is problematic to call it a problem is part of the problem . 
  london and berlin definitely . 
  i suppose paris , but there are many so much nicer places in france . 
  brussels is good for beer but the traffic and pollution is terrible ( even worse than london and paris which is almost unbelievable ) . 
  stockholm is lovely . 
  the uk is in europe and religion is a europe-wide problem . 
  christmas has not been about christianity for at least as long as i 've been alive . 
  it 's about a different kind of worship now : consumerism .
