  unless you 're from england , wales or ni . 
  it 's funny that it 's kettles for making tea , but it 's sad that it 's because of eastenders . 
  they like trance music , specifically dutch trance , like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtpsxbq9sbo, 
  if you want the rainbow , you 've got to put up with the rain . 
  do you know who said that ? 
  there are actually many versions of guiness all over the world and they each taste different because they use local ingredients in addition to a sort of malt concentrate that comes from dublin . 
  the nigerian one is made with sorghum which is a crop they grow there . 
  it just tastes completely different to anything else i 've tried . 
  have you ever had a wheat beer ? 
  it 's as different as a wheat beer is to a normal barley beer . 
  yes !, 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who 's discovered it . 
  i originally found it in massive bottles in the ethnic section in tesco . 
  i only got it because i was amused by the bottle size . 
  i had no idea it would be so unique . 
  tetley 's and nitro guinness are pretty popular too . 
  both terrible , obviously . 
  if one was going to pick just a couple of beers to represent the whole country then it 'd probably have to be something like london pride and timothy taylor landlord . 
  but it 's true that local beer is the best . 
  one of the best things about the uk is that wherever you travel you can easily find a pub that has fresh local beer straight from the cask . 
  a quite famous brewery close to me is st peter 's ( in suffolk ) . 
  they bottle their beer for worldwide distribution , but you can find it in casks round here . 
  their cream stout is seriously good . 
  the best guinness is the one brewed in france for belgians . 
  it 's quite hard to find outside of france and belgium . 
  dublin guinness fes is the second best . 
  there are also some interesting international versions which can be found in the uk including the very interesting nigerian version which is made with sorghum , a local ingredient . 
  i 'd never heard of erasmus until i joined this subreddit . 
  everyone i know who did a year abroad went to the us . 
  i do n't really see the point of that personally . 
  most french electronic music is shit , but there is blue planet corporation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msqrhvu7pdw, 
  yeah it 's almost like private eye but written by a 6 year old . 
  are we kicking france out then ? 
  no , this does n't show that at all . 
  unless you think that too many gay marriages would make society crumble for some reason . 
  yep , gays are a minority . 
  no it says 1 % in france . 
  i love the french spelling of connexion . 
  it 's considered archaic in english now even thought it was used in britain until fairly recently . 
  let 's bring it back . 
  and yet france and the uk together have produced some of the most amazing things ever , like : * concorde , * channel tunnel , * i put roquefort on my beans on toast once . 
  no ale is meant to be served warm . 
  americans say it 's warm because it 's actually significantly above freezing , though . 
  ale is served at the same temperature as wine : cellar temperature . 
  cavendish is actually manx ( from isle of man ) , so while he 's presumably a british citizen , he 's not necessarily a european union citizen . 
  chris hoy is british , though . 
   their sausages are dry like sand no they 're not . 
  as far as i know we do n't even make any dry sausages here . 
  i wash my hands under the cold tap for main course , and then quickly rinse them under the hot tap for dessert . 
  to be honest , people say it so often it 's hard to tell whether it 's a joke or not . 
  but i think a lot of people have had a bad experience with parisians and just assume every french person is like that . 
  also a lot of english speakers think the french are arrogant for not speaking english , which is most amusing . 
  i found the people of languedoc-roussillon to be mostly very nice . 
  they never got frustrated with my poor spoken french ; it seemed to amuse them more than anything . 
  and they slowed down when they realised i was not understanding them well . 
  usually in paris they just get angry and switch to english . 
  i have no idea why we 're arguing about the use of the word evolve by biologists . 
  the definition i posted is the common , everyday , non-technical meaning of evolution . 
  french does n't . 
  also singular they is still considered non-standard in english even though it 's in common use ( there is only he , she and of course it ) . 
  it would be the equivalent of calling someone `` it '' in english , sure . 
  but times change ... we already have a gender neutral pronoun in common use for people in english ( they ) . 
  the oed says : `` any process of gradual change occurring in something , especially from a more simpler to a more complicated or advanced state . '', 
  i do n't see how , even in nature , evolution does not have a direction . 
  species evolve to become more adapted to survival in the conditions they find themselves in . 
  good thing the german language still has a neutral gender . 
  they 'd have trouble doing this in france . 
  marijuana being `` legal '' ( it 's not , by the way ) does n't make it more popular . 
  and conversely , marijuana being illegal does n't make it any less popular . 
  probably means that an american made the map and becoming more like america is `` evolving '' . 
  you have to let the police know that you 're visiting which is a bit weird . 
  and that contradicts what i said how ? 
  he is still involved in the project , but he does n't write much code any more . 
  people still trust the linus branch , though , obviously . 
  as similar to what as this ? 
  candied what ? 
  well the argument is that darwin has been on the note for more than 10 years so it 's time to change . 
  but really it 's because churchill is going to replace elizabeth fry and feminists were n't happy . 
  right , but they 'll continue to use facebook and google , freely surrendering their own information to private companies , which would make any action by the german government pointless . 
  even though it 's up to the people protesting to stop using facebook , not the german government . 
  i agree , but i 'm really not interested in what people want to call themselves , nor am i interested in what their personal beliefs are . 
  the `` no religion '' figure is very interesting , though . 
  i do n't like this poll . 
  they asked how many people consider themselves `` convinced atheists '' . 
  this is n't very interesting because nobody agrees what that really means . 
  some people would say no and would say they are agnostic , others argue that agnosticism * is * atheism , though . 
  in the latest uk census , 24.7 % of people put down `` no religion '' . 
  a further 7.7 % did n't state a religion . 
  that would put the uk well into this top 10 list , i expect . 
  i wonder why it 's coloured to suggest that governments tweeting is a good thing . 
  it 's a well documented phenomenon . 
  car crash victims have been known to leave the scene confused and walk miles into the middle of nowhere with serious injuries . 
  that happened a few times in lotr too . 
  they could see mordor from helm 's deep at one point . 
  that 's 500 miles away according to the scale on the map . 
  the sense of scale is the one big thing that 's missing from the lotr films . 
  well `` it '' does n't exist so it 's not a gift , it 's something scotland will create . 
  but its up to the rest of the world to recognise its existence , not the scottish people . 
  as an english citizen i 'm generally indifferent towards it . 
  it seems like a bad idea to me , but if scottish people want it then they can have it .
