  they just do n't consider a bicycle a serious option . 
  i have no idea why . 
  many of these people drive to gyms in the evenings too which i find even stranger . 
  my gym is my bike . 
  i get to work more quickly while having fun and exercising . 
  because of cars . 
  that 's literally the only reason . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  only the government has the power to nip it in the bud . 
  did the picture look like [ this ] ( http://cdn2.cagepotato.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/fat-david.jpg ) ? 
  that 's because you 're american and circumcised . 
  you might be more satisfied with how a scottish person would pronounce it as they 'd probably pronounce the second r . but they 'd be front tongue rs , not french rs . 
  this is one of the difficulties english people have when speaking french . 
  the r in our word `` tart '' is not pronounced , but if you do n't pronounce the r in `` tarte '' french people do n't understand it . 
  maybe children should be allowed to make other big choices . 
  why not ? 
  children feel pain , of course they can consent to ending their suffering . 
  a child ca n't get pleasure from sex so there 's no reason why a child would ever consent to it . 
  consenting to sex also has long lasting effects on a person 's health ( mainly psychological ) . 
  a sick child can understand what ending his suffering means and it wo n't have any long lasting effects on his life . 
   people can now effectively commit an official suicide without suffering from any incurable disease what 's the problem with that ? 
  the uk has lgbt marriage . 
  we also have lgbt adoption . 
  the uk was ranked as the `` best country in europe to be gay '' before it even had proper gay marriage . 
  lgbt rights is n't the same thing as equal rights for everyone , but i do n't think portugal is ahead in that area . 
  in what ways are you ahead with equal rights ? 
  i thought the uk was actually the number one country in the world for lgbt rights . 
  but there might be some important groups i am forgetting . 
  portugal has n't actually legalised all drugs . 
  rather they decided to treat drug addiction as an illness rather than a crime . 
  it 's been a great success . 
  although i think all drugs should be legalised because prohibition does n't work and only makes things worse , just the mere fact that portugal has discussed the problem rationally puts them leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of europe . 
  the world is fucked up on so many levels . 
  all we can do is try to make it a little easier for those with the greatest misfortune of all . 
  ^ this is the reason the parental consent bit irks me . 
  this is a good thing . 
  suicide is a fundamental human right and those incapable of doing it themselves should be helped to do it in a safe and painless way . 
  why is parental consent required , though ? 
  except in drug policy , where you 're 30 years ahead . 
  yeah `` license plates '' is american . 
  even if it were that in britain it would be spelt `` licence plate '' ( license is the verb ) . 
  number plates , but yeah . 
  it 's funny actually , whenever i return from a holiday abroad it 's the font on the road signs that makes me feel back at home . 
  the font is called transport , by the way . 
  i 'm also quite partial to johnston , the font used on the london underground . 
   i do n't see why people get so angry at what other people like to watch over their weekends . 
  sports seem to bring out the same bad qualities in people as religion . 
  hey that 's what i say about cricket !, 
  i really do n't care what people think about football/handegg/soccer etc. 
  as long as they agree that cricket is better . 
  they 're actually all in different fonts . 
  the spanish is in something like comic sans . 
  so basically : chinese = very foreign , russian = intimidating , french = classy , spanish = comical , german = boring . 
  yeah i 'm pretty annoyed because i met a foreign student from hong kong and she thought it was cold in september . 
  i kept saying basically `` brace yourself , winter is coming '' , recounting tales of treacherous winter weather and , to be honest , had convinced myself that i was some kind of badass living in a totally inhospitable area . 
  and then we got this , i 've noticed one ground frost so far this `` winter '' . 
  bitter downvote . 
  jews are so good at circumventing their own religion . 
  yeah , to use the overdraft there is a `` fee '' , not interest . 
  also agreement of the adjective with the gender . 
  more like `` lay reddy '' . 
  i 'm often considered pedantic but wow the pedants have really come out here . 
  you all know what i meant . 
  my point is that 97 % of the uk live on an island . 
  is there a way to get which films are rated the highest in each country ? 
  i 'd like to think so . 
  i consider myself an eu citizen too , but not being in the euro and not sharing a border with any other country does n't help . 
  stop making the hivemind uncomfortable !, 
  i think it needs an extra verb if you drop the `` who am '' , like `` even i , being from ... '' . 
  i 'm now curious to know if it 's valid to say the literal translation of that in german . 
  i know in french you can say `` who am '' , but like `` c'est moi qui suis grand '' ( it 's me who am tall ) , but it seems that even in french people write ( incorrectly ) `` c'est moi qui est tall '' which corresponds to the correct english `` it 's me who is tall '' . 
  curious . 
  now i 'm not even sure that `` who am '' in english is incorrect ... 
  but it sounds weird , i can be sure of that . 
  yeah but the `` me '' does n't work as a subject pronoun . 
  maybe you just have to put it to the end , `` but even i would have ... and i 'm from a country ... '' . 
   but even i , who am from a country with not an as high amount of ego when it comes to the countries culture and so on this is incorrect english , but embarrassingly i ca n't figure out how i would actually say this . 
   privates driver will be allowed to take and transport people . 
  they can not have a taxy light , and can not roam the street for client , but can be called by phone . 
  taxy organisation did want to impose a mandatory wait of 15 minutes between the call and the transport , but were rebuffed . 
  good luck with this . 
  in the uk these private cars are de facto taxis because people do n't know the difference . 
  they 're also driven by the worst drivers on the road . 
  `` christman man '' made me laugh uncontrollably for some reason . 
  you can safely say the netherlands in english , but a lot of people say holland simply because it 's shorter , i think . 
  the placement of the stress also varies between american and british english , especially in words coming from french . 
  i think british prefers stress on the first syllable more often . 
  it sounds to me more like spanish or even italian than french . 
  but it sounds a bit nicer and `` softer '' to my ears than spanish , but it might just be the way this woman does her rs . 
  there 's a lot more variation in french and spanish rs than english rs , some can be very pleasant sounding and some are quite abrasive . 
  a french person told me it sounds quite flamboyant to them because we speak in undulating tones to express emotion , humour etc. 
  in french the intonation is fixed and is used to change the meaning of an utterance ( to change a statement into a question ) . 
  on the other hand , to mandarin or cantonese speakers , english sounds very flat , dull and monotone . 
  this is because in english the pitch of your voice has no meaning while it does in their language ( they `` sing '' vowels ) . 
  nice false dichotomy . 
  oh i disagree . 
  having a bit of vocabulary there is useful but does n't really get you that far to being able to use the language . 
  the important part is the grammar . 
  the fact is that people who speak second languages already know about the grammar of at least two languages and they 'll pick up the grammar of an additional language much more easily because of that . 
  the majority of english speakers in the uk do n't know the first thing about english grammar and this is quite difficult for people to learn .
