  `` n'est - ce pas '' would be another nice addition to english ( that 's what `` innit '' is , but it 's considered highly informal ) . 
  this is actually one of the major barriers for british people learning french too . 
  there is something about the english and french accents , speaking one language with the other accent sounds absolutely ridiculous and we know it . 
  they speak french . 
  the french language was the international language for diplomacy until shortly after the war . 
  it 's a beautiful language but very difficult to master . 
  in the uk french is the most popular second language , but very few people reach any kind of fluency and most forget it all after school . 
  they prefer to speak their own language when in france . 
  english people , who prefer to speak their own language when in france , find this strange . 
  there are also a number of regional languages , but in recent years french has become more dominant . 
  in the south there is occitan and catalan , for example . 
  food and drink is a very important part of the culture . 
  french cuisine is some of the best in the world . 
  when you visit france you do n't come back without wine , cheese and saucissons . 
  a pain au chocolat is called a chocolatine in some parts of france ( and in those parts a pain au chocolat is something slightly different ) . 
  the standard greeting between friends is a kiss on each cheek . 
  the standard number of kisses exchanged varies across the country . 
  yeah maybe . 
  it 's amazing how little monolingual people know about languages in general . 
  do n't forget that there are far more french proficient in english than british proficient in any foreign language at all . 
  it only seems like a problem to you because for the almighty germans only english is worthy . 
  that 's what it says : `` france is on a different trajectory . '', 
  yeah but in that sense hurricanes and typhoons are cyclones too . 
  but they 're usually named either cyclone , hurricane or typhoon depending on where they are located . 
  both . 
  the uk press is not free . 
  the storm was called `` temp\u00eate christian '' in france . 
  somehow this became `` cyclone christian '' in english , even though a cyclone is normally a storm in the indian ocean . 
  i like the sound of the `` eco tax '' and the high tax on ridiculous salaries . 
  chrome was faster than firefox when it did have as many features . 
  just like firefox itself was actually fast about 10 year ago . 
  i 've never been more ashamed in my life . 
  what 's a fixed phrase ? 
  in response to an absurd answer to this thread someone might ask `` you think europe will look like what ?! '', 
  basically `` like what '' is a very common thing to say , `` like how '' does n't make sense . 
  in fact i do n't think `` how '' makes sense in a question like this at all . 
  you can generally replace `` how '' with either `` to what degree '' or `` to what manner '' ie . 
  how true is this ? 
  -  to what degree is this true ? 
  i do n't know why people want to replace `` what '' with `` how '' ? 
  according to every native . 
  trust me  it 's very common with non-natives which probably explains the google hits . 
  you can usually find these errors when you try to rearrange the sentence . 
  `` europe will look like how ? '', 
  makes no sense at all , while `` europe will look like what ? '', 
  is ok . 
  not all americans , but , like , californians definitely . 
  it seems to have the same meaning and purpose as `` erm '' . 
  correction : they 're coming to london . 
  til noticing a pattern in some results is racism . 
  this is obvious . 
  it 's just wishful thinking that says it 's not true . 
  this kind of thinking goes along with the bullshit `` anyone can do or be anything '' . 
  no they ca n't . 
  we are all born with certain handicaps . 
  the sooner we accept that the better . 
  we do not have ample fissionable material . 
  nuclear fission is unsustainable and creates waste that we ca n't get rid of . 
  i do n't care about what * might * happen in the future , that 's not good enough . 
  it 's extremely foolish to assume that technology is going to magically come to the rescue . 
  it 's completely irrelevant that people like cars . 
  of course they like them . 
  people like anything that is better than they can afford . 
  the fact is we ca n't afford them . 
  of course i do n't have children . 
  what kind of person would i be to bring children into a world that is already unsustainable ? 
  if it 's impossible to have children without using unsustainable transport that should be telling you something . 
  i like it when people say that cars are here to stay as if it 's actually a choice . 
  have you seen how congested roads are getting now and how bad pollution is in cities like london , paris and brussels ? 
  have you seen what 's happening to fuel prices and what 's happening to wages ? 
  it 's unsustainable and unless you can find a way for it to be sustainable then it will not be around forever . 
  if we get at more fossil fuels the problem will just be postponed for a few years . 
  all you 're doing is giving an even worse problem to your children . 
  the us is desperately clinging to fossil fuels because their infrastructures are completely dependent on them . 
  while the rest of the world was going crazy about private cars 40 years ago , france also built its tgv network . 
  this is post fossil fuel technology . 
  private cars have n't got long left . 
  electric trains and bikes are the future . 
  i forgot everything i learned about french in school . 
  later regretted it , though . 
  i 've since taught myself french to some degree . 
  spanish is quite easy . 
  french is harder than german , though , at least for an english native . 
  french . 
  the map shows the most common language for uk and ireland rather than the second . 
  german is probably second . 
   i can not tolerate any limitation to my smoke-free environment . 
  then do n't live in a society . 
  i hate tobacco smoke too but nobody is forcing it down my throat ( or windpipe ) . 
  i hold my breath when i walk past smokers . 
  no big deal . 
  people listening to shit pop music on their phones in public irritates me far more . 
  but i occasionally partake in listening to music myself and , even though my taste is obviously superior , some people are probably mildly irritated by it . 
  they pay for those external costs quite adequately with taxes . 
  you do know that the germans living today are n't actually the nazis , right ? 
  we 've always been at war with eurasia ? 
  you seem confused . 
  only * our * religion is the correct one . 
  i did n't say anything where a child is born , i said where they are `` from '' , which is vague but with regards to higher education means where they were educated . 
  remember our passports both say `` british '' , the only difference is where we were educated .
