  also , which side would dimar and the independents be most likely to take ? 
  i 've heard about german language courses declining in popularity among pupils here , but i had no idea this was a pan-european phenomenon . 
  though i do find it funny that the only country has had a significant ** increase ** in german learners is ... luxembourg . 
  great to hear !, 
  that sounds similar to what we 've got here . 
  glad to see that things are still progressing over there . 
  `` it 's just for one to three years until we identify land plots for those people to build houses . '', 
  i think i 've heard that one before . 
  my guess is they 'll probably just forget about it the next year . 
  having seen how it 's handled in hungary , so can i !, 
  i have heard of it before , several times in fact , so for me it 's a bit surprising that this seems to be so unknown . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not sure where i heard of it myself . 
  i think it was in our history books on the part about wwii or the effects of it , but it was only mentioned . 
  either that or i heard it from my mother ( who 's hungarian ) once when i asked her what happened to all the germans that supposedly lived in hungary back in the day . 
  my german teacher brought up the subject a few times as well . 
  otherwise , the subject was spoken about quite a bit when herta m\u00fcller received the nobel literature prize , i believe . 
  i bet the hungarian nationalists wo n't be to happy to hear they are n't as `` pure '' as they 'd like to believe , being in the very middle of the pot . 
  i on the other hand , think this is hella awesome !, 
  if you 're into dystopia , i hear that swedish writer [ karin boye ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karin_boye ) wrote a book called * kallocain * , published in 1940 that supposedly reflects the fear of fascism and communism of the interbellum rather well . 
  for something more mellow yet entertaining , i 'd recommend [ mikael niemi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikael_niemi ) 's humorous * popul\u00e4rmusik fr\u00e5n vittula * , which tells about a guy growing up in a backwater northern swedish village . 
  do n't know how well you know hungarian writers , but [ kert\u00e9sz imre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imre_kert%c3%a9sz ) 's novel * sorstalans\u00e1g * depicts the holocaust from a very interesting and rather unusual perspective . 
  first breivik and mangs in the north , and now this ? 
  i hope this is n't going to be the 1930s all over again ... 
  goes to show that you ca n't simply judge people by their country . 
  we be feelin ' the wind in our sails !, 
  i 'd say geography . 
  in this case , it comes to where you draw the line and for me , it 's enough if they have some substantial territory in europe with a considerable population . 
  the territory of eastern thrace ( its european possession ) is 23,764 km \u00b2 , which is bigger than the total area of some eu countries , such as slovenia and cyprus , while it 's population reached nine and a half million in 2007 , which is bigger than quite a few eu countries , like most scandinavian countries . 
  territorially , this would easily qualify turkey for eu membership , no matter how small percentage of the total national area it comprises . 
  culture is just a weak reason to bar non-christian countries from the union imo . 
  barring turkey would n't be much different than barring bosnia & herzegovina or albania from the possibility of accession , because i can assume that their cultures also differ quite a bit from most other european cultures . 
  religion does , after all , tend to leave its mark on local culture , and noticeably so . 
  i 'll give you right about the population thing . 
  imo the best solution would be to revamp how the eu works , since the i think it 's a rather faulty political union in the first place . 
  besides , even if turkey would use that to its advantage , it still wo n't get very far if it 's alone in what it wants . 
  the combined political weight of several other eu countries , especially the bigger ones , would probably outweigh turkey . 
  it 's my belief that higher living standards and better education will over time lower the religiosity of any given country . 
  the problem with turkey is that while the modern western part is quite secular if not strongly laicist , the eastern part is very underdeveloped , which is also where you 'll find most and the most religious folks . 
   and being in the eu allow them to project this bigotry outside their own borders . 
  i have n't noticed our newer member nations having any influence on the lgbt policies of other countries . 
  on the contrary , the awareness about the issues are being improved with accession , with the eu requiring all member states to recognize homosexuality and implement anti-discrimination laws . 
  croatia and hungary for example , both rather religious countries , have recognize legal partnerships for same-sex couples . 
  does n't the eu have some sort of corruption-fighting unit or ministry or commission ? 
  it should have , in any case . 
  i do n't think culture and religiosity is any valid argument for accepting and/or barring a country to the eu . 
  france and hungary , for example , could be considered gross violators of animal rights since they force-feed geese to make the liver taste better , while defending it as a national right on account of cultural tradition . 
  this is something which is banned in turkey . 
  the circumcision tradition as shown in the vid is abominable by any means and should be banned and combated actively . 
  infant circumcision however , should not be banned and is imho in no way counter to european values if it is done either soon after birth ( when the child wo n't remember the ordeal ) or after the age of majority , when they 'll be able to decide for themselves . 
  moreover , despite high religiosity , turkey has a strong and long tradition of secularism , similar and actually even based on to france 's laicism , especially in the western parts . 
  i guess this ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_turkey ) would be the main reason their accession is delayed and i some cases , i ca n't but agree , like in how various freedoms of expression are inhibited for something as ridiculous as `` insulting turkishness '' . 
  while turkey has quite a few laudable achievements , like full political rights for women in 1930 or that they do n't have worse same-sex legislation than most other member states from the 2004 accessions , there are yet others which really do need to be amended before any accession can even be discussed , imo . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why not put protected status on it and give both countries the exclusive right to produce and sell it ? 
  they did it with the p\u00e1linka / palinc\u0103 , which is protected , but where both hungary and romania ( as well as austria ) have the rights to sell and produce it , provided that it 's produced in the right region . 
  while understandable , it 's not the best of decisions . 
  as long as they do n't commit either libel or sedition , they ought to be allowed to protest . 
  just keep them under police observation so they do n't go about beating people up or breaking anything . 
  better yet , all the other parties ought to organize counter-demonstrations . 
  that would better show that the majority does n't accept such crap . 
  i guess they 're referring to the foreign occupation following wwi . 
  still i get your point and i agree . 
  more like it does n't count as europe , but owned by a european country . 
  fries schools ? 
  brilliant !, 
  i 've got to get myself to belgium !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  most helpful . 
   from what i remember having learnt in school , whenever the constitution is to be changed , then the suggested change ( s ) must receive a qualified majority vote in favour of it ( do n't remember if it was 66 % or 75 % ) . 
  then one needs to wait for a the next election to be held , upon which parliament must again vote on the same issue , where it must again win a qualified majority in favour . 
  at last , the king must also agree to it , though he always does . 
  have n't heard of any case where he has n't , not in modern times at least . 
  do n't remember if a referendum was needed or not , though i think the election more or less filled its role , since the party or coalition that supported the change would probably judged by the voters of that matter mostly . 
  how does it work over in belgium ? 
  thing is , hungary was perfectly democratic up until after the latest elections : free speech , free religion , freedom of assembly etc. 
  then the new government got a 2/3rds majority in parliament and started changing the system to fit its own designs , including changing the constitution . 
  the only reason they could do this is because , aside from a 2/3rds majority vote , there were no checks on constitutional amendments . 
  it was a fine democracy with a faulty system . 
  had they gotten the same amount of seats in sweden , for example , they still would n't have been able to do that shit , because changing the constitution is that much more difficult . 
  also , off topic , i 've got to ask you , how do you quote like that ? 
  same goes for democracy . 
  just because a country is a democracy does n't mean that leaders will be better . 
  there 's no telling whether a certain elected leader or other official will start abusing his power once he gets in office , especially if his influence or his majority in parliament is big enough . 
  thus , no matter the system , it all comes down to what checks and balances there are in place . 
  technocratic and meritocratic systems can work perfectly fine as long as there are proper checks and balances to keep the leaders from abusing their power ( among which popular consent can be one ) . 
  moreover , one system does n't automatically alienate another , meritocracies and technocracies can contain elements of democracy and vice versa . 
  democracies can and will fail in the same way if no proper restrictions are placed on the powers that be . 
  we have numerous examples today where of elected officials have abused power : hungary , italy , russia and turkey to name a few , or which otherwise have a history of abuse , despite their supposedly democratic form of government . 
  point , not only the power of the state institutions needs to be checked , but also that of the people itself . 
  it 's called technocracy ( government run by people specialized in each field of government , usually based on academic degree ) or meritocracy ( government run by people with proven competence ) . 
  they make rather good sense , as people who know what their stuff would naturally be expected to perform rather somebody who got elected solely because of his verbal capabilities , which is how a lot of bad leaders get elected ( orb\u00e1n in hungary , for example ) . 
  binding referendums also have the added side-effect of a bunch of generally uninformed people being capable of limiting the rights and freedoms of another group if the former is in the majority , especially if this is how the country is run . 
  this is how switzerland came to ban minarets , which to me is just plain ridiculous and a stupid thing to do . 
  this notwithstanding , i welcome this news about increased democratization in the eu . 
  the concept as a whole is right now just a playground for politicians working behind shades with little accountability . 
  i 'd be more happy seeing us able to directly elect representatives from across the eu , no matter our country of residence or citizenship , and elect purely pan-european parties , rather than voting for national parties who then have to try to even get along with others parties in the same bloc . 
  here be celebratin ' !, 
  jokes aside , congratulations !, 
  hope this represents a growing trend , in germany as well as in the rest of europe . 
  good to hear !,
