  my father left iraq for europe because he was tired of the conservatism of his home ; had we barred middle-easterners from entering , then he 'd still be stuck in that wartorn , racist , backward shithole , in which i 'd also be forced to grow up , provided i 'd even been born in the first place . 
  still , i just wish there was something that could be done about it ... 
  while i do get your point , i just wanted to add that the church of sweden is n't the state church anymore . 
  we did away with that in 2000 . 
  while still considered the `` church of the swedish people '' , it has no official position whatsoever anymore . 
  apparently , aside from its connections to the monarchy , neither is the church of england . 
  [ map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:secularmap.png ), 
  i 've always gone by the [ un definition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_geoscheme_for_europe ) of european regions , only that i consider the [ visegr\u00e1d group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ) to be central europe rather than eastern . 
  also , i 'd rather count the british isles as western rather than northern . 
  there are people who like it , either for the extravagant show or the terrible music in itself , then are others who , like i , avoid it like the bubonic plague . 
  the only time i watch it is when some country comes with something odd , like finland with lordi or russia with those grannies , and then only because its funny . 
  also , here it 's called the `` schlager festival '' , so basically our country only submits songs from the schlager genre to it , which i think is some half-dead genre that was popular way back before i was born and today only lives via this awful contest . 
  i love the russian one and the ukrainian is really beautiful too , but my absolute favourite is the romanian . 
  i sing it to myself more often than any other . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  having read around a bit and done some thinking , i must admit that i now to have been wrong in my position to neonatal circumcision , or to circumcision prior to adulthood with the subject 's consent . 
  while i continue to see nothing wrong with circumcision and definitely do not consider it mutilation , i realize that it is better to be intact and have a choice to remove it rather than being cut with no way back . 
  for me , who has grown up with this and not knowing anything different till i was 7/8 , circumcision has and continues to feel normal to me , it has been difficult to understand why this is a bad thing to do without consent . 
  ultimately , i do not wish to rob people of their right to a choice . 
  however , what hurts me about this debate , is how i feel i 'm being victimized by people who speak of me like some tormented wretch for not having a body part i could n't care less about , while at the same time vilifying my parents when i see them as having done nothing wrong . 
  where i want to get with this is , conclusively , that pre-adult circumcision should be banned , but since the injured party here would be the person circumcised , let them decide if they want their parents punished for what has been done to them or not when they reach adulthood , rather than having a third party stepping in and speaking for them without their explicit consent . 
  i know i would not for any reason have wanted to see my parents taken away during my childhood , which i 'm sure would have had a huge negative impact on my development as and individual , and i am sure many others feel as i do . 
  for this reason , i am certain that it is better to let the injured party decide whether to take legal action against his parents or not when he is at an age to legally be able to do so and intelligent enough to make that decision . 
  in the end though , i now stand by banning pre-adult circumcisions . 
  you ( along with a few other opinions ) have managed to make me see this thing from a whole different perspective , which has enabled this of opinion in my mind , for that , you have my sincere gratitude . 
  actually , there are ways to restore your foreskin if you 're circumcised , though granted , results vary depending on how your were circumcised . 
  the reasons for this are primarily medical , with several studies pointing to circumcision being able to reduce the risk for several different diseases that may potentially affect the penis and/or be transmitted by way of it . 
  the most convincing studies to date show a significantly reduced risk for circumcised males to contract hiv . 
  there are several other studies that show a correlation between circumcision and a reduced risk for a number of diseases . 
  however there is also a debate within medical circles about whether there is an actual benefit involved , just as there is a debate about whether or not circumcision reduces or enhances the pleasure received from sexual intercourse or not . 
   you do know that one looses about 10 % of the nerves and feeling ? 
  i think it 's a big deal since i think that is something one should decide for themselves if they want . 
  would you remove 10 % of the nerves from a woman 's clitoris ? 
  yeah , i do know that . 
  on the other , the loss of those 10 % percent does not adversely affect your penis . 
  urination and ejaculation works just fine and your penis is still quite sensitive . 
  you still have 90 % percent left . 
  my point , since the penis will still functions just the way it should after removing the foreskin , it matters very little . 
  female circumcision is a whole different thing , the two are not even comparable . 
  the foreskin serves little to no purpose and can be removed without impairing the circumcised male in any considerable way . 
  there is no comparable part on the female body . 
  furthermore , female circumcision causes a bunch of adverse side effects such as infections and the like , while the purpose of male circumcision is primarily preventive . 
   do the penises is europe strike you as very unhygenic ? 
  do we have a lot more unhygenic diseases . 
  i 'd rather teach my children to wash themselves , everywhere , than be lazy and circumcise . 
  yeah , a bit . 
  the fact that there 's a layer covering the glans proper just sounds to me as if it 's a perfect breeding ground for god knows what between the two . 
  to me , the benefits of removal outweigh the risks of keeping it . 
   what , are you saying that only things that can be consciensly remembered are traumatic . 
  also , as far as i understand , this is a lot of times done without anaestisia . 
  a baby has as much , if not more feeling as an adult . 
  just because they ca n't express their pain in writing , etc , does n't mean that they do n't feel it . 
  it would love to see that scientific report who claims that babies ca n't feel . 
  i was referring to psychological trauma that would have a debilitating effect on the person to the degree that it would impair ey in eir daily life , which circumcision does not cause if performed after birth . 
  the use of anaesthesia varies from country to country and i would believe they use it here . 
  there are also several variants available . 
  i am in no way denying that they can feel pain , btw , and i 'm strongly against any such procedure being done without using anaesthetics . 
   absolutely no reason not to enforce a law . 
  the same is said about female circumcision , child abuse , etc. 
  we have to start somewhere . 
  also , since most children in the western wolrd have scheduled doctors appointments ( i know they do in sweden ) it 's an easy thing to check . 
  a lot of people would stop if they knew that they would loose custody of their child and face a few years in jail . 
  so you would have my parents put in jail for something they did to me that caused me no harm , did not impair me in any way , has not denied me any opportunities that anybody else would have or hindered me from leading a happy and fulfilling life ? 
  while i can understand why you 're opposing it , that 's just an incredibly stupid thing to do . 
  just because parents circumcise their child does n't mean they 're horrible people who abuse their child , not by far . 
  on the contrary , my parents have been loving and supporting throughout my life and i see absolutely no reason to resent them , even less to throw them in jail . 
  they circumcised me because they believed it was for the best , which is also the reason that most other non-religious parents let their children be circumcised . 
   the point is , you have no right to make this decision for your child , just as you do n't have the right to remove 10 % of the clitoris for a baby girl . 
  if they want to do it when they are adults , fine , but honestly , how hard can it be not to mutilate children . 
  at most they should provide some compensation , like paying for whatever method is necessary to restore the foreskin . 
  by that logic , it 'd be criminal for parents to decide which school to put their child in or even which ice-cream to buy for them instead of letting them choose themselves . 
  parentage at all would be made nigh impossible . 
  parents , today as always before , are expected to make decision for their children all the time in line with that they see as being in the child 's best interest . 
  moreover , male circumcision , if done properly , can not even be considered mutilation , not in the proper sense at least , as the very definition of `` mutilation '' is : `` to physically harm as to * impair use * , notably by cutting off or otherwise disabling a vital part , such as a limb . '', 
  this is far from the purpose of circumcision and it 's not even the effect of any circumcision properly done . 
  admittedly , i can see the moral controversy regarding parents decision to remove the part of the foreskin , but personally i see do n't see anything wrong with it as long as it 's done at birth , inasmuch as i do n't see anything wrong with my parents having decided to circumcise me at my birth . 
  if you truly want to do something positive about this , like preventing harm , then what must be done is regulating the practice properly : setting up strict guidelines for how a circumcision is to be performed , so as to minimize damage ; defining strict time limits wherein circumcision might be legally performed ; regulating the practice so that only legitimately trained and certified doctors can perform the circumcision ; making the use of anaesthetics compulsory during such an operation ; informing parents about the pros and cons of circumcision as well as societal views and the possibilities that the child might resent them for it ; and lastly , to fund research into what ways one might restore the foreskin should a circumcised person desire that . 
  as somebody who was circumcised at birth ( or within a few days my being born ) , i 've never really understood why this is such a big deal . 
  i was circumcised for hygienic reasons on my mother 's behalf , as almost all her male schoolmates back in junior high or high school got afflicted by phimosis and had to go get circumcised anyway , so her was to spare me the pain of that and do it while i still would n't remember any of it . 
  neither has it impacted my life in any particularly negative way . 
  while i 'm opposed to any sort of involuntary circumcision done when the child can remember the experience ( from the age of 3 and upward iirc ) , i do n't think it 's a problem at all to be circumcised at birth , when it wo n't cause any trauma . 
  passing laws like this , as has been mentioned before , will only cause the practice to go underground . 
  instead of doing it at hospitals , where it 'd be performed by certified doctors , the practice is going to revert to being done inside people 's homes , at houses of prayer , or wherever else they would see it fit to perform it . 
  while most religions also have people who 're specialized in circumcision , there are still many who would not be properly certified to perform one at a hospital , and this will only increase the risk of botched circumcision and genital damage . 
  in essence , i think a law like this is only going to be counterproductive , causing more damage than it 'll prevent . 
  that did n't annoy the west as much as the east . 
  it was moscow that was pissed at a well functioning communist country outside their sphere of influence . 
  but yeah , from what i know , yugoslavia beat all the other eastern block countries by miles , and probably most of the fascist dictatorships of the south too , when in came to quality of living . 
   yes but you should understand how it actually works : basically the elites trained and experiencd in the commie system are all forming a left-liberal `` old boys network '' - you could even say mafia , and they are occupying all these positions , through contacts and nepotism . 
  so the only way to put in some real competition is through political muscle . 
  while that may perhaps be true from some outlets , i seriously doubt that either h\u00edrtv , echotv or magyar nemzet were in any way controlled by some `` left-liberal '' conspiracy . 
  also , even if that would be the case , what fidesz is doing would not amount to anything more than replacing one corrupt system for another . 
   i think you are applying a double standard no , i 'm just against giving voting rights for people not living inside the countries borders . 
  sure , let them have their hungarian citizenship if it matters so much to them , but do n't let them decide the fate of a country they do n't even live in . 
  i know other countries do this , but that does n't make me any supportive of it . 
   good you mention slovakia ... yeah , i know slovakia is n't that much better . 
  however , my point was to take a less confrontational stance toward slovakia when they 'd finally gotten rid of fico and his sns allies . 
  then again , that government did n't prove very long-lived . 
  about their language laws , i 'm very much aware of those , and i 'm glad that so far i do n't know of any other eu country where such oppressive laws exist .
