  i would n't say that 's rare , we 've used it all the time in my family , and i think i 've only heard `` ker\u00e9kp\u00e1r '' in media . 
  everybody i 've spoken with have said `` bicikli '' . 
  i 've always thought it to be like `` krumpli '' and `` burgonya '' , where the former is more the more common or folkly word , whereas the latter is what you 'll find on menus and hear in the media . 
  then again , i ca n't be perfectly sure , since i grew up in sweden . 
  i never contradicted anything , unclear is what i was . 
  for some countries it 's likely been a contributing factor to irreligiosity , for others it 's had the opposite effect . 
  i did n't generalize either way , or at least if it seemed that way , it was n't my intention . 
  i never claimed that all countries followed this pattern . 
  had i done that , i would have written `` all countries '' or `` the countries '' rather than `` several countries '' . 
  though it 's interesting to know that azerbaijan and the central asian countries were n't religious before either , did n't know that . 
  you 're right , to a certain extent . 
  in several of the post-communist countries , there 's been a backlash against the state-atheism practised by the old governments , so people have rather been spurred to protect their faiths from the ( illegitimate ) governments seeking to undermine them rather than go along with their irreligious line . 
  thus , you naturally have more believers in the east than in the west , where the drop in religiosity has been slow , gradual and much more natural process . 
  then again , some former eastern block countries are actually quite irreligious today . 
  azerbaijan , czechia and estonia count among the most irreligious countries in europe , iirc . 
  i 'm not surprised , this is europe after all , i expect that peoples here are less religious than in asia or africa on average , whether they 're muslims , jews or christians . 
  not to mention that they lived under communist/socialist systems for a good part of the past century , that 's got to leave a mark . 
  i hear that azerbaijan is supposed to be quite irreligious , or that most are lax in their practice of religion . 
  not only are the supposedly radical in their irreligion among their muslim counterparts , but also compared to several christian countries in europe . 
  is n't it possible to do a poll here to see how many subscribers know what languages , then allow the ones that pass a certain percentage limit , like 30 % or something ? 
  just an idea . 
  i know , so did my father : he came all the way here from iraq in the late 80s , all alone , got a job , started a family and built a life for himself . 
  some of his siblings did the same , his youngest brother did that in switzerland , for example . 
  others did not , why ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure , but some felt an obligation to their to do what they said and could n't go against it . 
  hell , i 've seen a man who was so controlled by his mother , that now he 's ended up as a single man of 60 with no family and no good career to speak of , whereas had it not been for his mother , who guilt tripped him into taking care of her every single day until her death , he could 've had a good job in linguistics or translation in switzerland or the netherlands , and had a loving wife and children . 
  why did he forsake all that because his mother told him to ( and i mean , this was no ordinary love for your mother , this was extreme ) ? 
  i do n't know , maybe he was weak ? 
  maybe he felt indebted to her in some way ? 
  there might be tens of answers to that question , probably best explained by a psychologist , but the fact still stands that there are people like that , who have overly controlling parents whom they ca n't break away from , and in tight knit collective and/or family communities , that pressure is even greater . 
  not everybody grows up in an environment that values the individual and encourages one to do what 's best for oneself , and such people need help to break out of that . 
  of course , there are always those who 're strong enough to do so and for such people , as well a for us , who i assume have grown up in families and communities that encourage us to boldly go and seek our fortune for ourselves , that is n't a problem . 
  what we have to understand is that everybody is n't like us and ca n't the things we can as easily as we can . 
  i 'm not saying that everybody else is like how i 've described either , make no mistake , but there certainly are cases like that , and just because one solution works in one case , does n't mean it 'll work for another . 
  no , i 'll admit i have n't had any of that , so you 're assuming correctly . 
  what i 've written is based people who have , however , along with the documentaries i 've seen and articles i 've read about the issue , and the reason i always start my sentences with `` from what i can understand '' etc. 
  is because i do n't want to lie : it is only how i see things , not how they are , i 'm so omniscient as to know all the time what each and every single romani does every single minute of the day . 
  as such , i do n't know anything , it 's only my understanding of the situation , and i believe that the same applies to every human being living on the planet . 
  in short , that 's my philosophical standpoint . 
  i do n't know what you 're intending about your `` political correctness '' comment , so i 'll ignore that . 
  what i do know is that i would not liked to be judged by the acts of other simply because they might look like me or that me might share the same ethnicity . 
  generalization has so far failed to solve anything and things are never simple enough that you can say `` all of x are y because of z and only z '' . 
  there are always many factors at play in every issue and each issue varies from individual to individual . 
  judging all romani people , of which there are more than 5 million globally , from your experiences alone is about as good an idea as thinking that all people in the world who 're called michael are arsehole , because you 've known another guy called michael for a long time and he 's always been an arsehole . 
  i fully agree with you on that . 
  i would also agree that romanis here in sweden are well integrated overall . 
  though i believe that with the great degree of stigmatization of romani people ( at least in some countries ) , that might be more easier said than done . 
  however , one should also not exclude the possibility of there being elements in one 's of family or community that might want to limit and/or one 's interaction with the outside world . 
  while i do n't believe that every single romani in europe faces those issues , i 'm rather certain that such cases do indeed exist and that the people facing those ought to receive assistance . 
  i was merely suggesting solutions for such cases , not that all romani need to be treated with those `` solutions '' . 
  if i did come off as generalizing , however , i 'd like to apologize , as that was not my intention . 
  i would imagine a sort of ngo that would help roma outcasts who 've been disowned from their families integrate into society . 
  like , educate and coach them on how to behave in different situations and at work and that could evaluate and grade their perfomance and progress . 
  an organization that would build contacts with companies and employers where they could place members as interns for short periods of time so they could learn a few trades , and then guide them to getting a real job and living self-sufficient lives . 
  it 'd also double as an place where they would get support in dealing with getting cut off from their communities and where they could seek shelter from other members of their old communities who might perhaps want to hurt them . 
  i believe similar things have existed before in other places , even i ca n't name any , and in any case , i believe that any such thing would serve as a reassuring factor for roma who 're considering integration in whatever form against the wishes of their communities . 
  another alternative might be coming up with solutions culturally appropriate for collectivized roma groups , such as have them try and start a business , run by family or clan or however they 're grouped/organized . 
  i 'm not saying that it 'd be easy , but it 's not impossible . 
  there have been examples of productively integrated roma communities before , in which as long as they 've had a common occupation , there had been no problems . 
  starting a family or village business , given proper guidance , might actually work out , especially in the long run . 
  same as before , i believe there have been ( or are ) similar examples in other parts of the world . 
  from what i can understand of it , the main issue with integrating roma seems to be that those who 're not already integrated ( because believe , there are ) live in communities with a strong sense of collective identity and an ingrained code of honour , kind of how i imagine pashtun society to work : everybody of the community lives for the community , everybody in it supports their fellow member whatever happens without exception and the actions of one man are taken to reflect upon the community as a whole . 
  in essence , do something the community thinks is bad , stop it or your fucked , but do something only the outside thinks is bad , not our problem and we 'll protect you if they come after you . 
  above all this , most importantly , is that it 's difficult to break away from this , that if you try to break away from it you 'll either just be pulled right back by it or your get cast out from it . 
  that 's the picture i 've gotten . 
  what has reinforced this impression of mine are the stories i 've heard . 
  like the one about a kid who went to school , but whose dad kept him away from it because `` it wo n't make you amount to anything anyway '' . 
  or about the man who became a doctor and was consequently exiled from his community because `` taking care of people and changing diapers is a woman 's job '' and having their man do it sullied their honour , so when he said he would n't stop , they cut him off . 
  or about the woman who married a man from the outside , who could n't tell her family to not come visiting ( and eat up everything they had in the process ) , as for a woman and a younger member of the family , she was in no position to do so ( well , either that or risk getting disowned ) . 
  in all cases , it 's about their own community keeping them back or causing trouble for them . 
  you do what the community says , or get cut off , and despite what one might say , i do n't think that most people have the strength to face that option , especially not when they 're already disliked by the `` outside '' from the start . 
  therefore , even if they wanted to integrate , they ca n't , because they do n't want to risk losing their family , friend , and pretty much everybody and the only people they 've ever known . 
  another thing that gives me this idea are the examples of roma who actually have integrated and whose integration actually is/has been noticed on account of its benefits . 
  there are communities of roma who , both in past and present , have taken on certain trades and lived with those for generations . 
  they 've been miners , basket weavers , musicians , tinkers , carvers etc. / whatever , who have been recognized and appreciated for their roles , and who for that those reasons have had low instances of crime because they already have an occupation . 
  give a man a job and he ( most probably ) wo n't turn to crime . 
  they essentially work at a community level , whether it be village , family , clan , tribe , caste or whatnot , and where individual action is most likely frowned upon unless approved by the community . 
  give the community a job at it will most likely be content with that , it worked in communist hungary ( as in communisn , everybody gets a job ) for the most part , at least from what i 've been told , with major problems starting again after the fall of the wall and the subsequent restructuring and layoffs . 
  problem is , in a society where everybody is expected to go look for and find things for themselves and , above all , to work for themselves , that does n't work . 
  unless there is someway to break that family/community/social structure of lower class roma communities , the situation most likely wo n't change . 
  and thus , we 're stuck where we are . 
  to say however , that they face no discrimination , is an equally big lie as saying that they , as a group , are perfectly innocent . 
  most minorities in most countries ( or should i dare say , in every country ) , face discrimination to one or another degree , and i would be very surprised indeed to know that the roma , of all peoples , with their reputation , would not face any sort of discrimination whatsoever . 
  it certainly is n't the only factor , it may not even be one of the main factors , but it 's definitely a contributing factor to the roma people being where they are now . 
  whenever i read something like this , i would want to come with some personal anecdote to illustrate how only a minority of middle-easterners/africans/whoevers do this , only to find myself lacking enough such positive examples . 
  in the end , i always find myself having to admit that politically incorrect answer might just be the correct one . 
  the single strongest experience i have is of the time when me and my family went to visit some of my paternal relatives up in uppsala . 
  my father and his family hail from karbala , a very conservative shiite city in southern iraq , with most of my paternal relatives being equally conservative as consequence . 
  this became apparent to me when i and my other male cousins went down into the stairwell storage to get some bicycles out and a girl came in and went up the stairs . 
  she was dressed in shorts , trainers , and a zippered sweatshirt over a tank top . 
  the very instant she appeared , all of my cousins started hooting and hollering , to her obvious displeasure . 
  i was shocked , not expecting my cousins to be such idiots , but that they were and i merely watched it happen speechlessly . 
  i felt ashamed ( and still do ) to know that my own relatives behave in that manner , all the more so because judging from how casually they seemed to go at it , it was probably something they did often . 
  today , i still cringe every time at the prospect of having to go visit them , i even asked my dad to not visit granny at the same time so as them to avoid them . 
  thankfully , i have n't had to meet with them since , as my dad is n't that very fond of that branch of the family either . 
  i hate to know that things like that might well happen to lots of women on a regular basis . 
  i also hate to know that i have to be associated with such people because they 're part of my ( extended ) family , and even if they were n't , i 'd still be lumped together with such them simply because we share the same physical features . 
  i have several female friends , brilliant , awesome , vibrant people for whom i have a great deal of respect and simply hate the thought of such women regularly having to endure denigration and harassment by such shallow idiots , simply because of their sex . 
  i know what it 's like to be harassed , i have been so because of my heritage , and i would n't wish that upon anybody . 
  i 'm not going generalize and say that we should block middle-easterners from immigrating hither , precisely because of the reason prestian quoted peeters as saying .
