you 're right about english being the established language in pretty much all fields requiring higher education , though i 'm not certain that includes all countries , especially not at the native level . 
  it might be the norm in sweden and finland ( as mentioned in the vid ) and perhaps most of western europe , but i doubt that 's the case for the east and south unless you have any sources on that . 
  also , it does n't mean that a switch is impossible . 
  the idea would be to slowly phase in esperanto via education , first compulsory alongside english ( or just single compulsory in countries where english is n't already ) , then single compulsory after say 10 years when it might have attained a viable community of its own , and finally adopted as the sole working language when speakers have become numerous enough for the language to actually be viable as a working language . 
  while it would make sense to have english be the working language due to the simple fact that it 's essentially become the lingua franca , i 'm not so sure many would be so happy about it . 
  the french guy 's opinion , while almost nonexistent here , is something i 've heard a lot in hungary , and i 'd imagine not being too uncommon in other parts of europe . 
  anybody else have any similar experiences ? 
  what 's it like in your country ? 
  personally , i 'd prefer some neutral language like esperanto take the place as working language . 
  it 's supposedly easy to learn , has no overt cultural associations and constructed to be similar to most european ( or at least indo-european ) languages . 
  as a mere tool for communication , it seems to fit perfectly imo . 
  glad to see you became mod !, 
  you 're most certainly the right person for the job , in my honest opinion !, 
  might be , though most homeless people i 've seen have seemed swedish , at least judging from their accents . 
  the last example i 've seen with roma people in pretty much every major european city i 've been too . 
  that 's different , then we 're talking about transliteration , which is different from translation . 
  if it 's in a foreign script , then of course it has to be transliterated , as otherwise it 'd be completely illegible . 
  however , if the names written in the same script as one 's own ( in this case , roman ) , then i see no reason to change that , except for technical limitations , but that 's pretty much been made a non-issue thanks to modern computers . 
  myself , when i write a name down in say a paper , i always make sure to preserve the original spelling if it 's in roman , even if it 's something as complicated as vietnamese . 
  if i transliterate it , i look up one form that i stick to ; for example , i always use [ scientific transliteration for cyrillic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientific_transliteration_of_cyrillic ) or [ hepburn romanization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hepburn_romanization ) for japanese . 
  what i choose depends on how well it preserves the original spelling , how well it can represent the language phonetically , how common it is and whether it 's officially recommended by said country 's own authorities or not . 
  pc keyboards have it too . 
  only problem is that it 's region specific . 
  here in sweden , keyboard come with the standard \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 , plus the ability to add accute and grave accents , tildes , circumflexes and umlauts to certain letters ( mostly vowels ) . 
  i type with a hungarian keyboard , which includes all hungarian characters plus relevant diacritics for german , polish , czech , slovak , romanian , slovene , serbo-croat and albanian . 
  my point is that one should be able to have every diacritic for every european country , or at least for those part of the eu . 
  the swedish keayboard lacks \u0110\u0111 and \u0141\u0142 for examples , why hungarian ones ca n't type ca n't produce \u00c5\u00e5 , even though they can type \u016e\u016f , which is just plain stupid . 
  eastern name order . 
  cultural thing . 
  do n't know why though . 
  all i know is that it 's common in east asia ( china , japan , korea , vietnam etc. ), 
  and , for some reason , hungary . 
  can be nice sometimes though . 
  for example , i always used my hungarian name order when i was studying japanese for that reason ... also because it was easier to pronounce . 
  i know , i hate that just as much . 
  i keep wondering why they ca n't add a h\u00e1\u010dek here or an accent there when it 's all easily available in microsoft word or copypastable from wikipedia . 
  hell , this is the eu and i 'm still waiting for a keyboard equipped with all of our funny characters on one set . 
  or any other religion for that matter . 
  the catholic church is n't too positive about it and i ca n't imagine the calvinists being that either . 
  it would n't be so bad if people could just stop translating and applying it to foreign names . 
  i still remember when i was in lithuania and i saw a picture of bush on newspaper front , headlined `` d\u017eiord\u017eas v. bu\u0161as something something lithuanian '' . 
  it was as awful as it was hilarious . 
  i 've hear lots about relative poverty here , but nothing measuring absolute poverty in this country . 
  i 'm not surprised though , if you 're unemployed you 'll receive social security grants . 
  i 've you 've got kids , grants for those too . 
  got a place to live in ? 
  here 's a tiny one to help you along . 
  addicted to drugs ? 
  you 'll be put through rehab till you 're judged to be able to function normally again . 
  ca n't handle money , property or your own daily needs ? 
  you 'll get a custodian who 'll help you do that . 
  the state provides !, 
  it does n't always work the way it 's supposed to , but it 's pretty thorough and as long as ones knows how to handle one 's economy and is n't too averse to cutting back on some spending when one 's on the dole , one can actually get by just fine until one finds work . 
  lot 's of people manage this way . 
  hell , it how my own parent 's managed the family before dad got work ten years in ( they 're both immigrants ) . 
  it 's tough , sure , but not unfeasible . 
  makes one wonder why they 're any homeless people about at all , though i 've always assumed they were addicts who 'd exhausted their chances ( enlighten me if i 'm mistaken ) . 
  compared to other major cities like paris or budapest , or even k\u00f6ln or amiens , stockholm and malm\u00f6 have n't got many homeless people at all . 
  i rarely drink it , since i detest it , but when i do , i add a fifth of a mug of milk and three spoons/cubes of sugar to mask the taste . 
  most of my friends either drink it black or with some milk but no sugar . 
  i 've never really been able to like the coffee here , it 's watery and the taste feels hollow . 
  the best coffee i ever had ( and the only one i ever liked , for that matter ) i drank in romania . 
  had the best taste an aroma ever and , sadly , i have n't been able to find anything like it since . 
  same here . 
  i wonder if that does n't go for pretty much every modern country . 
  nice , i 'll be checking them out , thanks !, 
  i usually enjoy listening to folk metal for the most part too and only songs where they use their native tongues . 
  i know korpiklaani 's predecessor used to sing in saami and they have a few really good songs . 
  make the same sound you do when you 're blowing out candles and it should sound just right . 
  by sound , i like the saami languages the best . 
  i 've heard northern saami and i think it 's absolutely beatiful !, 
  wikipedia is your friend : [ malta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malta ), 
  i have absolutely no idea why they chose to ban it . 
  personally , as somebody who do n't use nicotine , i appreciate it more when people take snuff than go smoking ( even though that does n't really bother me either ) , as it does n't create any smoke . 
  plus , they do n't have to leave the company to go outside and smoke every time . 
  if you happen to be in the southern parts of sweden : 1 . 
  simrishamn , stenshuvud , br\u00f6sarps backar ( all on the same road ) 5 . 
  han\u00f6 also , pretty much any deep forest in blekinge , sm\u00e5land or northern scania is wonderful during the summer . 
  that sounds really nice and i 'd love to try it !, 
  myself , i 'm from a small town in the deep south , blekinge to be specific , and i 've never seen it eaten here . 
  do you think it might be more of a northern thing ? 
  i mean , considering they call herring north of kalmas `` str\u00f6mming '' and the ones south of kalmar `` sill '' . 
  dad is a persian from iraq , so i get to eat quite a bit of persian and arabic cuisine when he cooks , while mom 's from hungary and she cooks a lot of hungarian dishes , though a lot of other ones too . 
  consequently , i 'm ethnically half-persian and half-hungarian , but personally i feel more swedish than anything else and i 'd say i 'm also culturally swedish , since i was born and raised here . 
  well , i would if i 'd ever eaten it , but i have n't . 
  come to think of it , i do n't think i know anybody who 's done so either . 
  it 's not something people eat , really , except for maybe certain celebrations and even then many omit because they simply do n't like it . 
  at least , that 's how i see it . 
  may also be that it 's not that popular where i live . 
  how would that be weird ? 
  as a swede , eating some meat dishes with jam and jelly . 
  the sweetness is not uncommonly found to be strange by outsiders . 
  as a hungarian , using sour cream in a lot of foods . 
  in this case , it 's the mild sourness that outsiders find strange . 
  as a middle easterner , the amount of sugar/syrup/sweeteners that go into whatever sweet stuff we eat . 
  outsiders seem to not like that a lot . 
  might be , though viewing jews unfavourably is one thing and putting those thoughts into action is another . 
  the fact that they 're viewed negatively throughout the muslim world is no news to me , my reasoning was simply based on the assumption that palestinians would be more likely to react aggressively considering that they 're actually part of the israeli-palestinian conflict , unlike the others who just see it from the sidelines , not to mention the experiences they likely might have had in palestine with israeli settlers and military . 
  again though , zerkish has already made it rather clear that this possibility is unlikely , so i withdraw my case . 
  it does and i hate it whenever it happens .
