  moreover , it was covered by western media as well , as i remember reading about it in both english and german language papers when the matter was still fresh . 
  concering hlinka , that 's deplorable . 
  though to me that seems very similar to how seemingly many people seem to like the fascist horthy in hungary . 
  from what i can gather , the entire eastern half of europe seems caught up in lauding fascists from the past . 
   if someone is beaten at school , it ought to be reported to the staff so that the bullies can be appropriately reprimanded . 
  hell , it is the very duty of any school to take a stand against and combat bullying and violence on its premises , just like in any other civilized society . 
  when a disagreement deteriorates to the point of a fistfight , then it 's a problem that needs to be dealt with , no exceptions . 
  it 's not about asking others to fight our battle , but about doing away with violence by combating the backward macho mentality that gives rise to such things in the first place . 
  schools , as public places , need to prevent any sort of fighting , lest it only encourages bullies to carry on with what they do . 
  i 'd say that putting all media outlets under the supervision of a state controlled body , firing half of all their employees and reshuffling the rest , making sure to put sympathizers of the ruling party in their places sounds pretty authoritarian . 
  not to mention how the first thing they did was fire everybody working in administration not sympathizing with the party and replace them with party sympathizers . 
  then all the whole rewriting of the constitution , introducing a bunch of nationalistic hogwash referencing god ( pretty much took away secularism there ) , most plausibly also giving themselves advantages for the next elections . 
  then the whole pointless handing out of citizenship to hungarian outside the borders , who will thus receive all the privileges of citizenship without having to pay any tax for it , and considering that most of those who apply for it ( transylvanians ) are conservative , it 's an obvious move by fidesz to increase their voter base with people who * do n't even live in the country * . 
  not to mention it served nothing else but pissing off slovakia , even when they 'd finally gotten rid of fico . 
  essentially everything fidesz has done since they were elected has been concentrated on accumulating more political power and securing it . 
  and whatever do you mean by `` rightfully hated '' ? 
  if someone is beaten at school , it ought to be reported to the staff so that the bullies can be appropriately reprimanded . 
  hell , it is the very duty of any school to take a stand against and combat bullying and violence on its premises , just like in any other civilized society . 
  transparency , and lots of it . 
  if we want a federal europe to work on any level , it must be transparent enough to make politicians think thrice ( yes , thrice ) before they 'd engage any sort of embezzlement , abuse of power , nepotism or any other form of corruption . 
  let all official documents and activities be readily accessible to the common citizen and let all activities pursued and/or performed by public figures and authorities be open to public scrutiny . 
  with such provisions in place , keeping our politicians in check will be done by investigative journalists and media , who 'd be able to make big news of any eventual corruption scandal , thereby saving us the money , time and effort of having to keep track of them ourselves . 
  i want to see a well-staffed , well-run , competent audit office that would scrutinize government activity and policy down to every little detail . 
  i want minorities and their languages to be adequately protected from persecution and any potential attempts at tyranny of the majority , see them granted them a certain degree of autonomy and have federal programs set up to preserve their language and culture . 
  i want human and political rights to be there for every person , regardless of shape , composition or mental structure , and to have every person 's rights be declared inviolable and above any form of belief , be it ideology , religion or opinion . 
  that 's the least i 'd like to see in a european constitution . 
  while i agree that regarding the constitution to be infallible is stupid , demanding recurring rewrites just makes for an unstable political system imo . 
  if a party has a large majority , or perhaps even an absolute majority , then things could start going downhill pretty fast . 
  just look at what 's happening in hungary . 
  generally , the constitution is there to cement the core laws of a country , like human rights and form of government , everything else belongs among the regular laws . 
  i believe that should a european state get a good democratic system in place , then such issues will get sorted out by themselves . 
  i 'd rather advocate tighter controls on the constitution to make it harder to change , so that it may only be changed when it has wide support and is not subject to political fluctuations . 
  sweden has a good system wherein changing the constitution requires first for the proposed change to pass a vote in parliament , then wait till after the next election for it to pass a second vote , whereafter it has to be approved by the monarch ( which always happens ) . 
  i 'd like to see a similar system for a united europe , but with a popular nationwide referendum to confirm it rather than having a head-of-state do it . 
  well , true . 
  i think these two things is what crushed my hitherto positive naivety about the eu . 
  at first it all looked so idealistic , now it just looks like a well-intentioned but miserable bag of fail . 
  yeah , i know . 
  still sad that there 's nothing to bar governments from watering down their countries ' democratic institutions and circumventing laws that would otherwise prevent abuse of power . 
  dunno , perhaps from an economic perspective , though his rather authoritarian policies do n't seem like they 'll change anytime soon . 
  that 's exactly how i feel about native american languages : confusing but certainly impressive . 
  it seems to vary depending on age group . 
  most adults i 've spoken with have been rather positively inclined towards the eu , as have most politically involved people in my own age group been ( which have mostly been moderates and social democrats ) . 
  the most vocal eu objectors i 've noticed are nationalists and socialists , as well as young adults who 're politically interested . 
  the anti-euro sentiments seem to be based on perceived lack of transparency within the eu and the so-called `` democratic deficit '' , which here refers to the inability to directly elect our own representatives and influence the eu in general . 
  nationalists complain about the eu robbing the country of its sovereignty , while socialists complain that the trade barriers are detrimental to the developing countries and thus unsolidaristic . 
  the pro-eu opinion seems to boil down to the basic idea of the eu acting as a stabilizing force that through commerce and political harmonization creates stability and prevents wars by making all member states interdependent . 
  the eu 's whole raison d'\u00eatre is , according to this viewpoint , to keep the countries of europe from trying to tear each other apart , and many eu supporters seem to think that without the eu , europe would revert back to the interbellum . 
  while that does make sense , from what i 've noticed ( at least in hungary ) , english is virtually unknown outside budapest , and even there few people speak it . 
  the most spoken second language is by far german , which also seems to go for the rest of the vi\u0161egrad group , while in second place you 'll find italian , except for budapest where it comes third after english . 
  romania , based on last time i was there , still seemed to favour french , plus i 'd guess slovenia and croatia might favour italian due to their proximity to the country . 
  also , the french do n't seem to be all too fond of english either . 
  and i 've already heard sentiments about perceived ango-saxon cultural imperialism , mostly intended at the prevalence of american culture , so that 's why i do n't think english would be equally accepted everywhere . 
  while i do agree that english is more useful outside europe , the issue here would be interethnic communication within europe , in which case i believe esperanto would be better as it would n't be stepping on any toes . 
  oh yeah , i know that , i just read the trust in eu institutions as overall eu support while the `` feeling european '' to me is more about one feeling to having things in common with other europeans rather than supporting eu itself . 
  also , i expected it to be higher . 
  while i 've always been supportive of a united , federal european state , there have been a few things that make me worried about such a state . 
  aside from the democracy , i 'm worried about transparency . 
  will a united europe just bring corruption into place with relatively low such ? 
  and how transparent would the new eu institutions be ? 
  how will be get each and every country to agree on one common law about transparency ? 
  coming from a country where nigh-on every official action is recorded and made accessible to the public , down to an mp 's cup of coffee ( if bought with public funds ) , i 'd hope to see something on a europe-wide level to prevent corrupt individuals from abusing it . 
  the law i was referring to is called the [ principle of public access ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_sweden#public_access_to_governmental_documents ) or * offentlighetsprincipen * in swedish . 
  the other question remaining in my head is what language should be used as the working language . 
  having a common army and a common bureaucracy necessitates people from the various countries to be able to understand each other , or at least for those working in these institutions to do so . 
  it would also cut back a lot on translation costs , which use up quite a bit of money . 
  there have been suggestions of esperanto filling that role , which might be a good option for countries where people would n't want to learn another country 's language because it would be seen as `` cultural imperialism '' or whatnot . 
   i do n't feel that to be a londoner i have to feel any particular allegiance to the rest of the political entity in which i reside ( not to imply antipathy ) . 
  just want say , i feel exactly the same . 
  but being a londoner , what 's your experience on other londoners ' thoughts and feelings about the eu ? 
  like , what views do you encounter most often ? 
  nay , i was referring to this link ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tsdgo510&amp;toolbox=types# ) , which frivilligt posted and still remains at the near top of this page . 
  i 'm surprised at some of these . 
  like greece , for example . 
  hell , that 's what i usually associate europe with . 
  the name for our entire continent is even taken from their ancient mythology !, 
  the second is hungary , i had no idea so many there felt european , especially now that nationalist sentiments seem to be the latest trend , and a dominating one at that . 
  wonder if it has anything to do with nationalists from neighbouring countries calling then non-european ... also , i did n't expect my own country to be in the yellow : i always thought sweden was a rather pro-eu country . 
  then again , it 's 49 % , so it 's only half the country disliking it . 
  besides , i kind of wonder many are n't simply too fond of how the eu works today but like the idea of the eu in general . 
  so there 's a big difference in attitudes toward the eu between london and the rest of the country ? 
  also , i 'd be rather interested to see how different the results would be for the various constituent countries . 
  best way to do that would be to hold referendums on eu-membership , also making compulsory and binding so that a country whose populace is mostly against eu-membership will be bar from joining . 
  at least it would solve the whole legitimacy problem , with the people deciding for themselves instead of the governments going over their heads . 
  thanks !, 
  mighty enlightening . 
  about jobbik , they have n't been involved in any murders or other felonies so far , as i can recall , though my memory might just be bad . 
  they did set up a militia kind of unit , the magyar g\u00e1rda , which has since been disbanded by law and fragmented into multiple splinter groups that run around and like to play police . 
  one of these groups set up a `` training camp '' in a heavily roma-populated village , marched around and `` kept the peace '' . 
  the roma were evacuated from there for the duration of it . 
  policial ties ... 
  i think they do . 
  if not direct ties , then at least influence . 
  there was a police labour union that released some statement that `` it 's every hungarian citizens duty to fight the jews '' or something like that . 
  did i mention they like to march around in nazi-inspired uniforms ? 
  back to greece , considered their anti-austerity stance ( at least according to wikipedia ) , would n't the independents rather side with syriza ? 
  also , i keep hearing that the kke are a bunch of stalinists ... is that true ? 
  and if yes , how did such a party manage to survive into the modern age ? 
  o.o thanks beforehand !, 
  is chrysi avgi more comparable to jobbik in hungary then , or are they even worse than that ?
