  fortnightly bin collections . 
  if you 've got bits of fish gut in there after two weeks it stinks to high heaven . 
  nato , and the ussr threat kept europe peaceful since ww2 . 
  the eec had pretty much sod all to do with it, 
   which is why we are using the / u/moderatorsofeurope account ; so different mods can log in at different times and edit the op translation , we 're using a throwaway account as people are using reddit as it should be and downvoting a terrible idea which is hurting our main accounts internet points tally . 
  just do what r/worldnews does and let us have filter buttons . 
  that way , people can up - and downvote immigration related news , as opposed to a mod-updated selection appearing at the top of this thread . 
  alternatively , if you 're doing this to avoid the subreddit getting swamped , surely the ongoing stream of random politician and economist statements on greece should also be megathreaded ? 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.scotbanks.org.uk/legal_position.php ) it is legal * currency * though, 
  this is going to turn into a repeat of the fucking superbowl for me - falling asleep just before the moment that everyone talks about, 
  ah , tsipras time - going to be interesting to see him try and justify this, 
  well , i 've got to be up at 0600 ( bst , so 0800 in athens ) tomorrow . 
  given what i 've witnessed of greek parliamentary timekeeping , ongoing filibuster attempts and ranting about procedure they might be getting to the ballot as i 'm driving to work . 
  edit : today for those in greece - tomorrow for bst and cet redditors when this was posted, 
  anyone else getting horrendous lag from the stream ? 
  guessing it might be more popular than youtube thought, 
  only in london - in rural wiltshire i still barter half a dozen eggs and a firkin of rough cider for space on a cart to take my month 's produce to market . 
  can someone explain how on earth it 's taken this long ( and why it 's taken the troika demanding it ) for the hellenic parliament to guarantee elstat ( greek office for national statistics ) independence from political meddling ? 
  surely that 's a fundamental part of being a functioning western democracy ? 
  and hannan, 
  if you could take the northern irish politicians whilst you 're at it that would be grand . 
  love england, 
  one theory is that by having it on a thursday , the government has friday ( when the last few results are still trickling in but the general theme is confirmed ) , saturday and sunday to get itself in order ready for the bond markets to open on monday . 
  that said , some pollsters reckon neither major party can form a 2-party coalition , and therefore the horse-trading could be going on for weeks until the 16th june at which point a failure to secure a vote of confidence would see us heading back to the polling booths . 
  if this does transpire , then this reasoning is proven to be a bag of bollocks, 
  i 'm voting ukip on thursday . 
  just my view , but i think miliband has got the snp by the short and curlies . 
  miliband can dictate his minority government , and the snp , after continually saying their number one priority is to get cameron out of 10 downing street , ca n't vote against miliband - particularly if it results in cameron forming some sort of bodge that allows him to stay on . 
  alex salmond 's stubbornness and refusal to support a labour queen 's speech and government would make him the man that allowed the tories back into number 10 . 
  either the lie that the snp will be able to pull the strings will be exposed , or it becomes apparent that voting for the snp puts cameron back into downing street . 
  note that i 've never voted labour ( outside of a council election as i liked the person 's policies ) and i probably wo n't be at this election . 
  a fair amount of the time , when we were fighting the scots we were fighting the frogs aswell ( thanks to the auld alliance ), 
  in britain it 's definitely one of the second string of sticks that farage and the rest of ukip uses to bash the eu . 
  it 's a very easy thing to point at and say `` look at how wasteful the eu is . '', 
  if orkney and shetland does n't return a lib dem mp i will risk my coronary health and video myself eating a deep fried mars bar . 
  not saying that the snp wo n't take a lot of seats , but i 'm expecting about 50-51 at most , whereas the calculus for this looks flawed edit : phew !, 
  well , it 's about time we stopped having most of the continent 's disputes settled in belgium and northern france . 
  you know that shearing business you have to do to your girlfriend to get the wool off her ? 
  basically this is doing that to your armpits . 
  * ducks *, 
  thought that the new management had changed the rules on that ? 
  nah , that 's because ryanair do n't fly to the states . 
  yet . 
  apparently there are nine of them ... 
  i thought that afd sat some way to the left of ukip on the political scale , no ? 
  ( they 're part of ecr rather than efdd in the european parliament for starters ) . 
  if i 'm correct , that hardly seems extremist . 
  i imagine like ukip it 's probably home to vaguely racist old people who do n't know better , but surely proper racists end up in the npd , like ours did in the bnp ? 
  if you like that sort of stuff , check out [ crossrail ] ( http://www.crossrail.co.uk/ ) . 
  for a while , it was the largest civil engineering project in europe , and once complete it 'll bring proper , modern trains to that part of the tube . 
  because of the maze of tunnels and sewers under london , at one point they had to bore through a gap with less than 1m clearance above and below . 
  just wish we 'd get something similar out in the regions, 
  putin 's found an empty plinth in poland to stand on then ? 
  you want creepy/depressing ? 
  check out [ protect and survive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yruzs7-5yqw&amp;list=pld79227db62e35f25 ) , the british guides from the late 70s/early 80s for what to do in the event of a nuclear attack . 
  when it comes to europe , ukip are the largest party we send to the eu parliament with over 25 % of the vote . 
  the reason they do so poorly in national elections is a combination of the voting system and the fact that the eu is very low down the average british voter 's priority list . 
  hence they do well when the eu is the main topic of the election ( see european elections ) but less well at general elections where people are voting on stuff like the economy , state welfare etc. 
  when it comes down to it , over 50 % of the vote at the last european election went to either `` soft '' ( conservatives ) or `` hard '' ( ukip , bnp and ukip splinters like an independence from europe ) eurosceptics . 
  in a hailstorm of tuts and mildly disdainful facial expressions, 
  the issue is as part of the uk 's economy , oil is a relatively small part , but for scotland , [ the revenue drop from oil going from $ 110 to $ 60 is equivalent to the entire education budget . 
  ] ( http://m.heraldscotland.com/news/13194334.oil_price_slump_would_have_left_independent_scotland_facing_unprecedented_cuts__says_treasury_minister/ ), 
  `` no matter what colour rosette you pin on a donkey , at the end of the day it 's still an ass '', 
  an englishman , a scotsman , and an irishman are in france during the revolution when they are captured and sentenced to the guillotine as spies . 
  the day of the execution comes . 
  the englishman steps up and puts his head on the block . 
  the rope is pulled , the guillotine starts its descent , when it suddenly jams . 
  acknowledging fate , the french let him go . 
  the scot steps up next . 
  he puts his head on the block , praying to be as lucky as the englishman . 
  again , the rope is pulled , the knife descends and again jams . 
  fate has intervened and he is let go . 
  finally the irishman steps up . 
  head on the block , rope pulled and again the knife jams . 
  irishman turns his head on the block . 
  `` i can see the problem ! '', 
  and removes the blockage, 
  an englishman , a welshman and a scotsman go for a drink down the local . 
  the beers are poured and placed in front of the patrons , when a fly lands in each pint . 
  the englishman asks for a fresh pint , the welshman picks it out using his knife to keep as a snack for later , whilst the scot carefully picks it up by his wings and starts yelling at the fly `` spit it out ! '', 
  daily mail reports it 's the result of a man having a gun in his bag ( not linking for usual reasons ) . 
  edit : sussex police [ report ] ( http://www.sussex.police.uk/whats-happening/latest/news-stories/2015/11/14/police-dealing-with-incident-at-gatwick-airport ) that a man has been arrested after disposing of an item at the airport . 
  eod ( bomb squad ) have been called . 
  this saturday around 15 pm 0 , a fire occurred in `` the jungle '' destroying 2 500 m2 of shelters ( tents sheds ) . 
  the origin of the claim is `` clearly accidental '' as the sub-prefect of calais , denis gaudin . 
  no injuries were reported . 
  the sub-prefect , present on site alongside firefighters and police which prevented access to the disaster zone , emphasized his accidental `` rumors are circulating on social networks indicating that s ` is linked to arson attacks in paris and which could have been caused by far-right activists . 
  it has nothing to do , there are enough problems in this country , `` he said . 
  according to denis gaudin , fire has its origin `` in a stove or a candle . '', 
  the flames have attacked the walls of a tent and it would have been fanned by strong winds . 
  migrants we could cross to camp out confirmed this thesis . 
  almost 2500 m2 of shelters ( huts , tents ) have been affected . 
  around 3 pm , the fire was under control , according to the sub-prefect , which indicated that no injuries had been reported , `` subject to the checks will be done when the day will be lifted . '', 
  `` the situation is calm , there is no or nervousness or movements of people , '' he concluded . 
  this fire started so that have opened thursday 's humanitarian work camp to house , on site , 1500 migrants on the 4500 currently living there . 
  bfm tv now report 40 dead - stay safe parisians , and stay strong france, 
  particularly in a country with a long , strong history of secularism, 
  if that meant we got la marseillaise as our national anthem ( instead of god save the queen ) and the french were mandated to stop pretending they do n't speak english i 'd be down for that . 
  personally i 'd rather face the firing squad than lethal injection .
