let me guess , you only drink fizzy continental lager from a stylish tall glass too ? 
  ( which costs # 4 for half a pint ), 
  out here in the real britain , there 's tea . 
  i keep a jar of instant muck for the very few weirdos i know who do n't like it . 
  bag , mug , milk and sugar . 
  no buggering about with cafetieres and clogging the drain with the grounds . 
  ( btw just stereotyping , i do drink coffee occasionally and it 's normally the proper stuff , but the one true hot drink is tea . ), 
  main thing i missed was the fact that the germans do n't seem to understand the concept of wanting to put milk in tea . 
  i think i found one place in the two years i was there that actually had milk , even when i asked for it, 
  you mean there 's actually * stuff * between the m25 and the square mile !, 
  as an intrigued englishman who 's heard vague rumours about the situation at stormont atm , how likely do you think it is that they 'll actually knuckle down and sort out the budget before direct rule has to be brought in again ? 
  genuine question , not a snipe at the people of ni ( although a bit of one at the situation in stormont as i understand it ), 
  point one is also applicable to the uk , particularly as you get closer to london, 
  given that we trebled the english uni fees ( which were already comfortably the highest in europe ) to fund our recovery , you 're not far off . 
  i spent around 2 years in germany a while back . 
  out of around 10 times that i took the train , only once did it turn up within 5 minutes of when it was meant to . 
  in fairness , you may have just been trying to make it feel homely for me ... 
  [ unlikely ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-29058653 ) , as the boe typically does n't like decisions which could get them involved in politics ( general election in 2015 and all that ), 
  for a 3.5 minute thoroughly british explanation listen to the start of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usdf8uhl0vu ), 
  [ hexham abbey ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hexham_abbey#mediaviewer/file:inside_hexham_abbey,_hexham,_united_kingdom.jpg ) . 
  having a crypt that goes back to saxon times ( 8th century ) - there 's just a certain something about it . 
  did n't stop us claiming it until 1800 , 7 years after king louis had his rather too close encounter with le guillotine edit : correction on the origins of france 's contribution to methods of capital punishment, 
  she can always reinstate her claim to your throne - we 'll even let her visit provided you return her with her head still attached . 
  every englishman knows it 's our god-given right to watch our team get walloped by `` group whipping boys '' iceland/costa rica/south korea on home soil - a right stolen by our evil , gas supplying uncle vlad . 
  and then lose to germany on penalties . 
  quick question to any dutch people on here : has there been talk in nl yet about recalling their russian diplomat and ejecting the russian embassy from amsterdam ? 
  i fail to see ( with the exception of dresden which was 70 years during a world war and the nsa issues ) how any of these are associated with us troops stationed in europe, 
  it 's called the wonders of multiculturalism , blame our previous dear leader ( his holiness tony blair . ), 
  * every year in eurovision * `` warsaw calling '' `` good evening from berlin '' `` this is budapest '' `` bonjour , nous sommes france et nous ne parlons pas anglais '', 
   or are you referring to the part where i was talking about a theoretical european squad that would dominate the world cup ? 
  that bit . 
  sorry , should have been more obvious, 
  england is part of the uk uk is part of the eu we 're discussing a team to represent this new eu federal state , and therefore the constituent parts . 
  ergo it would represent england ( and germany , france and the great footballing nation of san marino and the rest ), 
  if you watch eurovision , i think that 's already accepted . 
  except by france, 
  uk and france could actually work quite well . 
  similar sized countries , similar histories , share a land border ( somewhere under the channel ) . 
  that said , i suspect there would be some spectacular rows in the regional assembly place - and much stereotyping, 
  until we 've constructed this , how about grimsby ? 
  you forget - your players would be representing england . 
  therefore you can guarantee they 'll crumble under the three lions hype train . 
  although at least we would n't lose on penalties to germany ... 
  nah , britiah stereotypes according to top gear is mexico - lazy , sombrero and rug with hole cut in it wearing spanish speaker spain - wake up , throw donkey off a tower block , go to sleep in a plastic chair by the side of the road for the rest of the day, 
  mostly it 's actually cellar temp , so 12-13 degrees, 
  out !!, 
  not all the good ones are london . 
  off the top of my head bristol has burges salmon ( law ) , hargreaves lansdowne ( ftse 100 listed stokebroker ) and so many big engineering companies ( airbus , rolls-royce , assystem , atkins ... the list goes on ), 
  bristol yup ( grad scheme , but did waitering before no probs at over # 8 an hour ) currently 25 % excluding council tax and utility bills, 
  alternatively there 's the simple answer . 
  do n't live in fucking london if you ca n't afford it . 
  i 've chosen to up sticks and move for work and affordable housing - why should i care if people are too in love with a smoggy overcrowded hole we call our capital city to move ? 
  edit : wording, 
  really ? 
  enlighten me . 
  storage issues . 
  tidal can work as it 's predictable and ( if you look at the severn barrage scheme ) storable to release when needed . 
  most hydro capacity has been exploited . 
  until we have better storage tech wind and solar just ai n't viable for base load . 
  otherwise you get brownouts on still winter 's evenings, 
  if they taken the lega nord away from the efd i 'm not certain how it 'll survive . 
  they 've already lost one party ( pushing them down to 6 ) and whilst ukip have 21 seats , trying to get another 6 countries to contribute an mep is looking difficult, 
  quick question , would the afd and polish pis be potential eu parliament colleagues ? 
  ( i know nothing about polish politics ) just curious as the afd sound like the uk conservatives ( desiring moderate reform ) and i know pis sit in the same eu parliament grouping as the uk conservatives ( ecr ), 
  cameron was elected to represent the british people . 
  over 50 % voted for parties that want reform ( tories ) or out ( ukip , sinn fein , minor eurosceptic ) . 
  thus he is doing his job ( for once . ), 
  if you want a leader who does n't respect democracy i 'm sure there 's a dictatorship somewhere you can go and live under . 
  edit : typo and half text cut off, 
  issue is , the eu is a very minor concern to uk voters compared to other issues ( economy , nhs , welfare , taxation . ), 
  the eu ( correctly or incorrectly ) is viewed as having very little influence on these things , therefore at general election time people tend to split labour/conservative . 
  in comparison , eu elections are generally viewed as a chance for people to make their voices heard on the eu . 
  the majority of people ca n't be arsed to vote ( turnout in the uk in 2014 was about 35 % iirc , compared to 65 % at the last general election ) , meaning that the voices of pro- and anti-eu parties play a lot louder as those that stay at home tend to be middle ground types . 
  also , most people do n't trust any of the main parties to deliver a referendum , but under fptp voting for ukip is likely to be a wasted vote . 
  at eu election time with d'hondt allocations by region , you can vote ukip with more confidence that your vote will count . 
  i suspect there are also plenty of brits who ultimately want to stay in the eu , but are trying to send the strongest message they can that reform is needed , thus voting ukip . 
  despite the influx of anti-eu parties though , it appears to be business as usual in brussels/strasbourg . 
  canuck dollars , not yank ... 
  i still have no idea how the fuck was that rated u ( universal , so meant to be for all ages ) in the uk . 
  iirc there 's ( animated ) blood and everything . 
  your motorways are fine . 
  your driving on the other hand ... 
  put it this way , i 've paid # 50 return and # 300 + for similar journeys ( thankfully the latter was paid for by the company i was having an interview with ) just because i booked 2 weeks ahead offpeak instead of buying at the station during peak hours . 
  [ questions rejected from this year 's exam papers in the uk ] ( https://youtu.be/ktfchcmf2mm?t=23 ) . 
  mock the week is satirical for anyone who has had their sense of humour removed . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/rugby-union/33838013 ) . 
  agree with your statement on france and the argies though, 
  not based on death rate but untreated lethality , i 'm guessing bats ? 
  given that it 's very rare you actually encounter a healthy one ( they 're pretty shy normally ) so if you are actually bitten by one there 's a fair chance it 's carrying the rabies variant lyssavirus ( which is normally lethal if you do n't get the right jabs relatively pronto after being bitten/scratched . ), 
  it 's good to see the snp engaging fully in the same kind of shitty politics they claim to be different from by releasing the original report the day of the scottish parliament summer recess starting , meaning that this comes out during it . 
  turns out that no matter the colour of the jacket on the donkeys , they 're still a bunch of asses . 
  the entire military defence budget for the last year was # 33.6 bn . 
  the welfare budget was # 110.5 bn . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ukpublicspending.co.uk/year_spending_2016ukbn_15bc1n_405030#ukgs302 ) do please check your facts before you post to avoid speaking such complete and utter bollocks . 
  edit : and before you state that it 's mostly state pension , not benefits , have a look at [ this ] ( https://fullfact.org/economy/welfare_budget_public_spending-29886 ) . 
  tbh , most brits at least only know about dacia 's from [ top gear ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhy8qb275ds ), 
  not sure who 's more likely to be offended , the scots and the welsh being described as english or the now nonexistant latvians ... 
  they already asserted it . 
  they had a referendum and all of 3 people voted for a change to the status quo - of which at least one wanted full independence rather than anything to do with argentina edit : realised you 're talking about gib , where the latest referendum produced a similar result, 
  ` worked through ' might be a better translation if that 's the case,
