  this pisses me the fuck off . 
  without the reunification my parents would have never met and now i see these assholes appropiating it in such an idiotic way . 
  and yes pegida is idiotic ( `` the concentration camps are unfortunately currently inoperative '' fucking hell ) . 
  rejecting mass imigration is not , but pegida is . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  we are learning about the marschall plan in school . 
  i 'm grateful for what the usa have done in and after ww2 . 
  but that does n't oblige any country to follow your lead for decades . 
  the opinions about the usa have generally more or less tanked since the vietnam war . 
  and yes , the us is to blame for quite some geopolitical problems . 
  destabilizing the middle east , e.g. , overthrowing the legal , secular leader of iran . 
  supporting saudi arabia . 
  maybe talk about the thousands killed in south america where legally elected communist regimes were overthrown ? 
  but the big opinion hits that lead to many young germans ( who you call pacifists ) thinking of the us as warmongers are the following two : the german refusal to support the criminal war of aggression against the iraq whose failed aftermath has gifted us with isis . 
  while taking in a jokishly low amount of refugees . 
  however the main problem with the youth was the nsa spy affairs where our leaders begged the us to not betray them by using surveillance against their own allies . 
  that plus the drone strikes which many oppose here . 
  after all the us still has a positive approval rating , hell i personally think obama was a great president . 
  but it is an ambivalent one . 
  look at the bka statistics . 
  it explicitly states that afghans commit * distinctly * less crimes ( crime rate ) than other refugee groups , together with syrians and iraqis, 
  that may be true in austria but it is n't in germany, 
  yes . 
  edit : made a stupid statement, 
  i think a big part of that summary is that the tale of criminal refugee is a myth . 
  in fact on the one side people from the balkans , tunisia , algeria and morocco are more criminal than germans , but tbh i do n't really see a reason why they are refugees in the first place . 
  on the other hand people from syria , iraq and afghanistan are ** less ** criminal than germans . 
  i 'd guess because they have legitimate reasons to flee their country and do n't want to fuck us over . 
  the crime rate in 2015 , excluding crimes related to scamming the asylum process , increased by a mere 0,1 % . 
  refugee crimes are already decreasing ( in absolute numbers ) . 
  rape and murder rate as well . 
  i think the best solution is just deporting the immigrants from north africa and letting the * real * refugees stay . 
  this should be a * refugee * crisis , not an * immigration * crisis . 
  edit ; source : https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/kurzmeldungen/lage-kriminalit%c3%a4t-kontextzuwanderung-1-2016.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
  yeah lebanon has a 20th the population of germany . 
  a 150th of the eu . 
  and took more refugees than all of the eu . 
  makes sense they become a minority . 
   indigenous peoples and individuals have the right not to be subjected to forced assimilation or destruction of their culture . 
  this argument is bs . 
  i 'm against uncontrolled immigration but because of the economic effects here and in their home countries . 
  but we wo n't become a minority . 
  edit : guys i oppose the immigrants ( not the refugees ) . 
  but the eu has more inhabitants than the enitre mena region . 
  i just wanted to get that fearmonegring away for a more rational discussion . 
  we have had nazi terrorism for a decade . 
  one of the terrorists is on trial right now . 
  the fact that you do n't know that shows that you 're not german so lecturing us on what to fear ( we hate both btw ) is none of your business . 
  i think this is a good result . 
  the rise of the right / left is a slap for the governing parties without going overboard ( `` only '' 15 % ) . 
  as long as the incompetent afd does n't reign i 'm happy anywhere . 
  the election is a signal but not much more . 
  the government should listen to it in a reasonable manner . 
  the war was , the 100 years before were , the peace of westphalia guaranteed religious freedomn and many other things . 
  if richeliue or whatever he 's spelled decides to go full power trip that 's his fault . 
  gustav adolf fought for the protestant side , the bohemians did , everybody at least used it as legitimization . 
  i believe this is one of those wars that made europe what it is today , together with the two world wars . 
  as much as people love to give the middle east shit for the religious fundamentalism they forgot what europe had to go through in order to achieve what liberties and freedom we have now . 
  the me had to endure centuries of colonial shitshows from the mongol , ottomans , british , french etc who either based their rule on islam or did n't give a shit about the natives ( or both ) . 
  this is no agenda pushing , just my opinion on one of the causes for the value differences that we have today . 
  maybe isis can be like a mini 30yw but i do n't think so , considering the gigantic religious infighting syria and the me are facing alltogether . 
   brown hordes  not xenophobic not that im unopposed against this immigration policy , but dude , are you serious ? 
  who would n't call you a racist / xenophobe if you speak like that ? 
  lol https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_disasters_of_war, 
  the first point is bs . 
  the fertility stuff is downright wrong , no native population will become a minority . 
  the ideological stuff though ... 
  lol by now they are . 
  they started as anti eu . 
  but now , after the old guard has been ousted they use downright nazi paroles : `` es wird zeit f\u00fcr den kampf gegen links '' , `` volksgemeinschaft '' , `` systemparteien '' using ridiculous conspiracy theories . 
  the people vote afd because they are to cowardly to vote npd . 
  lol she does this to not let more people in . 
  politicians are to be blamed for everything . 
  if they do too much or too little . 
  too much : she 's opressing europe !!!, 
  too little : why is she doing nothing !!!, 
  if she has fixed ideological views based on which she makes her decisions : why is n't she listening to the people ??? 
  if she does what the people want : she changes her mind more than her underwear !!!, 
  it 's easy to blame politicians years after decisions have been made with all the knowledge you got from them . 
  but somebody needs to make the decisions first . 
  i cant speak for him but such events can really boost a nations confidence and self-perception . 
  just take a look at germany 1954 and 2006 . 
  this sub is just shit when it comes to stuff like this . 
  do you notice that nobody talks about * refugees * , but instead they call them * migrants * ? 
  migrants you can reject , refugees you ca n't . 
  this sub also believes that merkel `` opened the doors '' for barbarian hordes of savages somehow . 
  when you point out that the `` wir schaffen das '' slogan did n't really change anything and the root causes of the problem go much further nobody will listen . 
  statistics wo n't win arguments here either . 
  and i do n't know why so many non-germans care that much . 
  i guess it 's just the standard merkel hate . 
  countries like the us and great britain destroy and destabilize entire countries and then pussy away when it comes to taking responsibility for that . 
  instead they elect far right candidates and blame the left and `` political corectness '' after their conservative regimes started the wars . 
  nice everybody calling bullshit again . 
  got ta love this sub . 
  even if all refugees were muslim we still would n't have 5 % . 
  but `` facts '' ca n't argue with your facebook news feed telling you that my country is literally on the brink of a civil war , can they ? 
  am late to the party , i know . 
  tldr at the bottom . 
  for 99 years , from the entry to ww1 2017 to nov. 8th 2016 the usa were both the global superpower number one and the number one defender of western ideals . 
  this hegenomy has been weakened for quite some time now .
