  personally i do n't feel dutch , but rather identify myself with the city i grew up in , amsterdam . 
  bela tarr taught me all of eastern europe only eats boiled potatoes . 
  [ `` actress '' ] ( https://img1.vod.com/image/back/775/77526.back.jpg ), 
  you also get a situation like in the netherlands , where 40 % of the country is rightish , which is split between lets says 5 parties , then 40 % is leftish , also split between let 's say 5 parties . 
  then the remaining 20 % is extremist , which all goes to 1 party . 
  then the 1 party starts yelling that they deserve to participate in government because so many people voted to them . 
  you see this in any country where people are interviewed about upcoming elections . 
  it 's why democracy as a whole is such a horrible system of rule . 
  people do n't vote based on rational decisions , but solely on their `` feelings '' . 
  but do you have kebab . . ? 
  . . we need to teach other holiyday countries to make kebab, 
  get switzerland out of that puzzle . 
  neutral fucks are worse than agnostics . 
  we also have to get rid of our natural urge to rape women , so 3 days out of a month to have sex with prostitutes to vanquish this innate desire that resides in all of us . 
  i once hit my toe on my bedpost and got an e-mail from isis telling me it was them all along ;(, 
  clutching at straws , my primary school was `` rooms-katholiek '' and had like 50 % muslims on it . 
  not to mention that it 's very easy to set up a polling place in such a school without the religious side of said school being on display for all to see . 
  a school does n't have some intrinsical political statement that goes with it , except for maybe `` education is good '' ... ? 
  and yes , i believe voting in churches is just as bad as in mosques or synagogues or whatever other biased place you could think of . 
  in a country like the netherlands with the last elections , with geert wilders being a central figure , voting in a mosque is absolutely not neutral . 
  i do n't think there 's an easy solution and will not pretend to have one . 
  i think it should be somewhere in means of education , creating some kind of sense of belonging in the netherlands . 
  right now a lot of those people feel like turks living in the netherlands and when they go to turkey they feel like dutch people . 
  so they have no real place they belong to . 
  a large part of it should come from the turkish community itself , because there are enough turks that do feel at home here . 
  but again , it 's not one simple solution . 
  right now the tensions are suddenly rising because they have a literal dictator in power in turkey , but before erdogan went ham these turks were integrating better and better . 
  so you do n't care about being downvoted but the first tihng you did was attack me for downvoting you ? 
  and my point is that they were born here . 
  they 've lived here all their lives . 
  to now say `` well we do n't like what you 're doing and conveniently you got a foreign passport aswell so fuck off '' would be crazy . 
  it 's not even sending them back to turkey , since they never lived there . 
  it 's like canada who because of some democratic bullshit send `` back '' a canadian guy who happened to live the first 8 months of his life in the netherlands . 
  not to mention we 'd have to forcibly take peoples passports away , which is n't very democratic , if you ask me . 
  maybe it 's different in such situations , in the middle of amsterdam however a mosque was used . 
  it 's completely unnecessary . 
  see my response to our irish friend . 
  the problem is that they 're not neutral ground . 
  i do n't believe a place should be used to vote if that place in and of itself is a political statement one way or the other . 
  it 's just like campaigning not being allowed in polling places . 
  so you can claim something without being able to confirm it , but you wo n't reply when i refute that claim ? 
  is n't the burden of proof on the person claiming it ? 
  the problem with those dual nationalities is that a lot of those muslims were born in the netherlands and grew up here but automatically got an let 's say turkish passport because their parents were turkish . 
  if they grew up here their whole life they 're our problem and it would be weak to just shove them away saying `` nuh-uh not my responsibility '' . 
  what 's more is that this anti-muslim rhetoric only widens the gap between muslims and the rest of the country , which can never be a healthy way to try and strengthen the relationship between them . 
  as i can see it right now there 's a small minority of muslims that fuck shit up for the rest of them , that then gets translated to `` all muslims are bad '' . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't problems in the muslim community , namely mosques that have been allowed to run wild and are more extreme than any mosques in actual islamic countries as the result of the idea that they 're some sort of beacon of light in a largely atheistic country which they have to resist , but fact remains that an incredibly large part of these muslims are integrating perfectly fine within our country . 
  the people most scared of these muslims are mainly people in rural areas that have never or barely ever even met a muslim , meaning they 're simply afraid of the unknown . 
  however his problem with the eu is the main thing that 's quite frankly dangerous , which i 'm glad you agree with aswell . 
  although it 's not only for security reasons , but also for economic reasons . 
  let 's just completely ignore the baseless accusations you just made against me . 
  right . 
  and you did it only because you want our country to become more `` right '' ? 
  so he could 've been a literally downs syndrome person and you would 've voted for him if he was the only `` right leaning '' person available ? 
  i do n't use the voting system on reddit lmao . 
  you 're taking shit personally instantly . 
  i 'm just expressing my opinion that i do n't understand how anyone can see wilders as a viable option to lead our country . 
  he 's like trump , only maybe slightly less insane . 
  i was torn between d66 and groenlinks . 
  it 's insane because a pollingstation has to be neutral . 
  you should n't be able to vote in a church , synagogue or something either . 
  and i still do n't understand how anyone could ever vote for a person who 's only ever used his fearmongering to scare people into voting for him without ever offering any sort of solutions for anything . 
  there was a mosque used as a polling station in the dutch election . 
  absolutely insane . 
  jesus christ you 're stupid . 
  convert to judaism . 
  it 's more about how many places to vote there are in america . 
  there were queues hours long last election . 
  look at this shit : http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/45174000/jpg/_45174136_-67.jpg and that 's what the voter supression is . 
  republicans actively getting rid of as many polling places as possible to discourage people from voting . 
  well , we do n't actively try to block people from voting , as the republicans tend to do . 
  only in amsterdam there are hundreds of places to vote , look at this : http://i.imgur.com/clokh4x.jpg i basically walked into a voting place , voted , walked out and went on with my day . 
  did you seriously just edit your post because you realized how stupid it was you said ? 
  wow 4 seats for wilders !, 
  wow populism wins again !!, 
  wow !!, 
  this hissyfit turkey is throwing is hilarious . 
  these are all the places you can vote at in amsterdam : http://i.imgur.com/clokh4x.jpg i had no waiting line whatsoever . 
  just walked in , cast my vote , and got on with my day . 
  this `` monstrosity '' is the choice between 25 parties . 
  then you can pick between a whole lot of people that to represent you within these parties , but most people do n't really care about that and just pick the top one . 
  it 's a lot better than having literally ( because no , independents do n't count ) two choices , where you vote mattered nothing at all if your candidate lost the elections . 
   but this breed is starting to cause serious problems oh no , they 're onto our secret and cunning plan to infiltrate turkey from inside with our cows !, 
   people who had to eat pinecones , tulip bulbs and old leather `` honger hadden we in de hongerwinter , jij hebt trek '', 
  should tell you enough that the netherlands has to warn dutch citizens in turkey , while they turkey does n't have to warn turkish citizens in the netherlands . 
  they 're on sicily aswell . 
  the best ones are from tuva though . 
  oidupaa vladimir oiun is probably my favourite : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovbh4accbwg, 
  reported, 
  the lonely planet says something like `` great place to visit , only beware of random knife attacks at night '' . 
  honestly i do want to visit it if only for the throatsingers . 
  the ocean 's our bitch , not our enemy . 
  they 're getting rid of all our historical enemies . 
  next up they 'll spill german beer in the streets . 
  nop , a 1:03 you can see a turkish billboard in the background . 
  unfortunately in the present climate laws do n't matter anymore . 
  it 's all about feelings . 
  http://nos.nl/artikel/2162499-erdogan-nederland-is-fascistisch-en-nazistisch.html here 's a threat to evict dutch diplomats from turkey and stop dutch flights . 
  http://nos.nl/artikel/2162535-kabinet-onder-chantage-kunnen-we-niet-met-de-turken-praten.html here 's rutte explaining they were threatening sanctions if they did n't get their way . 
  maybe blackmail is the wrong word , but you get the drift .
