  do n't get blaming other countries for your own shitstorm please . 
  right now the netherlands made the only decision they could 've made , seeing as that turkey was literally blackmailing us . 
  when you succumb to blackmail you might aswell start dividing your country up and give it away to neighbouring countries . 
  well i really hope you 're right , before erdogan turkey was really on it 's way to become a stable nation . 
  what do you think the chance is he actually wins the referendum ? 
  as an outsider it really looks like it will go through and that erdogan is slowly becoming a totalitarian ruler there in turkey . 
  i 'm on the planet where i 'm actually daily in contact with colleagues from other cultures where there are literally no problems whatsoever . 
  because deep down inside they all realize it 's not as it is on their holidays , but they refuse to admit it . 
  also emigrating to a different country from the country you grew up in will always be a gigantic step to take . 
  it 's very important to note that a vocal minority always looks a lot bigger than they actually are . 
  there 's a whole lot of muslims that are integrating in dutch society just fine . 
  ofcourse , it 's not perfect , but it 's not the doomsday scenario everybody likes to paint . 
  it is n't . 
  the problem is that all those dutch turks have a fairytale image of their country because the only time they 're there is on vacation , thus when they 're having a grand ole ' time . 
  none of them have lived there for a long time and somehow they still feel extremely close to their `` ancestral country '' . 
  although it has to be said that a sociology professor sees a big trend of muslims becoming more and more dutch , something i see myself in our society aswell . 
  it 's just that there 's a very vocal minority that drowns this trend out . 
  here 's an article on it , albeit in dutch : http://www.volkskrant.nl/opinie/hoogleraar-sociologie-jan-willem-duyvendak-nederland-islamiseert-niet-moslims-vernederlandsen~a4467099/, 
  suck it finland, 
  in retrospect his kids barging in made it a bigger pr moment than anyone could ever have expected . 
  is it really freedom of press if you let a ( wannabe ) dictator preach in your country ? 
  the only thing he does in that video is explain how propaganda works , which is very well explained . 
  saying people only think it 's a cinematographic masterpiece because the nazi 's wanted to project that is ridiculous , since everyone watching it today is very well informed that it 's a propaganda piece . 
  i watched it without knowing anything about it before i had watched it and was simply struck by the amazing cinematography and editing displayed in the movie . 
  just because a movie is propaganda , does n't mean it ca n't be extremely well made . 
  even saying he only touches on triumph of the will as not being a triump in cinematography because it had a virtually unlimited budget . 
  progress is often made on gigantic budgets , so using that as a reason to downplay the achievements of riefenstahl in the movie is kind of counterproductive . 
  it would mean that any achievement ever that was produced on a high budget would n't have been an achievement because someone before that had theorized it to be possible . 
  to actually produce the results in real life on gigantic scales is quite a different beast than to theorize the possibility of such cinematographic techniques and use them in small productions . 
  if you ignore the fact that it was a nazi-propagandafilm , the film was revolutionary on a whole lot of different levels . 
  and this is n't the present day viewers merely falling to the traps of propaganda , it 's because leni riefenstahl actually was a visionary filmmaker . 
  if you want another example , her documentary of the 1936 olympics was a triumph in filmmaking aswell . 
  i mean , 80 years later the editing in this scene still sends shivers down my spine : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucofronsqee here 's a different point of view you might find interesting : https://sites.stedwards.edu/comm4399fa2013-kpeters3/2013/09/24/triumph-of-the-will-film-art-or-nazi-propaganda/, 
  everything was truly better under nazi germany !, 
  ironically triumph of the will is from a purely cinematographic standpoint an absolute masterpiece . 
  fucking reported, 
   england so high triggered these fuckwits do n't even have any fucking foam on top of their beer . 
  it 's sacrilege . 
  it did start out as trolling in the very start of donalds presidential run . 
  for some reason people took the obvious trolling serious and now it 's descended into the shitstorm it is right now . 
  i 'm not arguing he 's a cunt , i 'm arguing he did n't go out with the intent of killing people . 
  i think intent should be a required measure for a life sentence . 
  like it or not , he accidentally killed that old man . 
  now there 's massive negligence of his part , frightening ignorance , incredible carelessness and he should be punished harshly for it . 
  but i do not think an unintentional death should be seen as equals to someone committing premeditated murder . 
  i think it 's kind of harsh . 
  it seems more willful ignorance than intentional cruelty . 
  and yes , ofcourse they should get a hefty sentence , but life ? 
  too much . 
  that should be reserved for people who willfully commit premeditated murder . 
  my mother once clucked around like a chicken in a supermarket because she needed and egg . 
  she even squat down at one point pretending to shit something out . 
  it 's like he thinks that if he take every single point of view at some point in his life he can never be wrong . 
  in asterix and the soothsayer , the soothsayer in dutch is called xynix . 
  phonetically this means `` ca n't see shit '' in dutch . 
  i fucking love these comic so much . 
  amsterdam is on the other side of the ijsselmeer you fuckwits so goddamn triggered . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we just get on our bikes and ride through the snow if it snows . 
  the weather is irrelevant , mate . 
  you are not funny . 
  that 's very much the main reason this sort of measure is almost pointless . 
  english written papers will automatically have more citations than any other languages because every academic speaks english . 
  if you 'd mirror the graph it 'd look like over the years we 'd be producing more honey . 
  we had 1 night of snow here !, 
  you taking that joke serious confirms you have autism though . 
  good on you telling the truth . 
  the lonely planet warns travelers to tuva not to go out at night because of `` random knife attacks '' . 
  she admits luring soldiers to a forest after which other members of the resistance kill them . 
  but i guess you did n't even read the article . 
  i love how she 's straight up telling the guy the interview is over the moment her scrabblebuddies arrive . 
  actually there is . 
  england is slightly lighter . 
  take this from a guy who got 100 % on this test : http://www.colormunki.com/game/huetest_kiosk, 
  no no , if those turns out to be true , that 's evidence the cia is in hillary clinton 's pocket and as such any assessments they make can be ignored as `` fake news '' . 
  this is also a problem because when these moroccans arrived in the what was it , 70 's ? 
  80 's ? , they intended to stay here a couple of years and then go back to their country . 
  as thus they never bothered to really integrate in dutch society . 
  they ended up staying permanently , but created a kind of parallel society in the netherlands with their own social circles where they can speak their own language , their own stores , schools , mosques , etc etc. 
  now that this group has established themselves living parallel to the rest of the people here , they do n't really feel the need anymore to try and integrate more outside of their own social circles . 
  they 're just fine where they are . 
  the problem is that their children have never grown up in morocco , but do grow up in a family for whom morocco is still their fatherland . 
  these kids get alienated as fuck in dutch society and start having a lot of problems because of it . 
  although i believe that with each generation those problems will disappear more and more , since each generation will be better integrated in the dutch society . 
  it 's just that this takes time , and people in general want immedeate results . 
  why is greece `` el '' ? 
  the eu or some other institution that integrates europe into one big whole is the only way forward if the countries in europe actually want to matter on the big stage . 
  it 's also inevitable . 
  in the course of history every civilization started from a small group of people living together , hunters and gatherers , to massive amounts of people living together , the countries of today . 
  the eu is the only next logical step . 
  the only thing they did wrong was try to force countries in the eu who were n't quite yet ready to actually join the eu . 
  what is it with the people who encounter immigrants the least , those from rural areas , having the biggest hatred for immigrants ? 
  is the unknown really that scary ? 
  indeed . 
  i was ready to call them retards for forcing people to remove a 100 + years old statue , but this is a religious expression payed for by tax euros . 
  downvoted, 
  the problem with democracy is n't that it 's the best system of government , but the least worst . 
  i think churchill said something along those lines aswell . 
  so no matter what system people are living in , they 're going to experience as not being the best system and thus want it to change to a different system . 
  [ 1.19 euros in the gall & gall untill december 4th .
