crap , no . 
  not the wild card , anything but that . 
  yea , you 're def fucked . 
  cool, 
  ohh god , you lurk here as well, 
  hear , hear !, 
  hear , hear !, 
  it sounds like it sucks tbh , but it also seems like it 's a great thing . 
  is that a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  our political system, 
  ohh , cool . 
  i 've heard ( from a londoner ) that parisians are racist, 
  deal with the truth . 
  america has a gun epidemic and paris has a pickpotting epidemic . 
  how much are eurostar tickets when buying in uk ? 
  so it 's cheaper to book in london w / everything ? 
  so do it when in london ? 
  is there much to do in brussels ? 
  how much is the cost of the meal on the train ? 
  traveling from jfk, 
  eh , just looked , hotels in paris are more expensive but not by much . 
  just that paris has a pickpotting epidemic . 
  all the flights are in near $ 100 for the days which i 'm planning, 
  security might be a bitch going into paris cause i 'm sikh . 
  also , using ryan to get to edinburgh and dublin . 
  what sites does it cover ? 
  it would n't work, 
  right cause city states have great economies and great power, 
  their in two different regions though, 
  why would the dutch part not go to the nl ? 
  could n't brussels be a shared city between fr and nl in that case ? 
  alright thanks, 
  sorry , i blame bush and common core . 
  will most likely fly north since it 's cheaper tbh . 
  holy shit , those both seem wonderful . 
  any other historical stuff in that city ? 
  can you tell me what the kilmaingham gaol and viking splash tour 's are , please ? 
  well , i 'm super into stuff like braveheart and mary of scots and james i. 
  in other words , historical royalty and battles , so which one is better ? 
  probably , still dropping it . 
  sworry . 
  yeah , figured that out now . 
  what are some good areas near dublin ? 
  what about stormont ? 
  alright , thought so . 
  in that case , it 's probably not worth it , cause tickets are like 50 pounds for the cheapest ? 
  probably , just better to take the train from london to edin or london to glas ? 
  no , the issue , is that none of the tickets allow for a break of journey . 
  none of them allow a break of journey , they are all direct . 
  i 'll be fleeing to the commonwealth if that happens so like do n't make that wish . 
  um , we 've been good sorta, 
  do you want me to vote for the donald ? 
  yeah , alright , imperialists . 
  weird , ca n't find any trains that go to edinburgh via york ? 
  hillary v trump is literally the closest election that one can image . 
  two to three days max ? 
  to be fair , i would love to do all of ireland sometimes . 
  out of curiosity , what is there to do with those two areas on the east coast , they just seem like small towns to me ? 
  yeah , you 're right , screw wales, 
  what was it a part of before ? 
  i 'm implying that your countries are like states, 
  ohh , was just looking at april for thetrainline , and it 's brutal compared to march . 
  winter floods ? 
  what are the major tourist sites there ? 
  alright . 
  huh ? 
  to be fair , might miss out on that `` country '' , this time around . 
  not even glasgow and edinburgh even though they are an hour apart from one another via car and train ? 
  until oil is found under that rock . 
  wow , what a waste of pigs . 
  ohh please , that does n't count as part of your country , imperialists . 
  hear !, 
  hear !, 
  ugh , that seems like a bitch . 
  especially , traveling from that small town to like anywhere else . 
  prove it, 
  my country is fucked . 
  at least , they are not republicans . 
  at the moment , those three are definitely going to happen . 
  just feel as if i should do some other places ( glasgow and yorkshire maybe ) if i have to head up north for edinburgh anyways . 
  issue with dropping glasgow is that , then i have to drop edinburgh as well , since it 's really not worth going up north then , in my opinion . 
  yeah , belfast will most likely be dropped . 
  that will mostly likely happen, 
  i was thinking that as well , where can i find the price ? 
  is n't wales a bitch to get around though ? 
  well , you 've intrigued my attention . 
  cool if i message you later if i need help ? 
  no , can you please provide a summary of each , getting late on this side of the pond , so to tired to look on google . 
  well , i am very into government and history , so like edinburgh , london , glasgow , and dublin are perfect . 
  however , is there much historical stuff attached to belfast . 
  as for governmental , i know that it is the city which houses stormont . 
  what sort of things are there to do in belfast ? 
  where can you travel out from ( day trip areas ) if you decide to choose dublin ? 
  barely . 
  which one would you recommend ? 
  throw some reasons behind it as well , please . 
  alright , mom . 
  i 'm going to hang out with mexico and my favorite cousin , canada . 
  sorry that the alzheimer 's is getting to you , we can catch up in a few months . 
  well , the castles and palaces are a must .
