italian ( mother tongue , duh !, 
  ) , english ( pretty fluently ) , french ( i can speak it rather well , but i still struggle to understand it , i only took 3 years in middle school after all ) and i 'm trying to learn japanese ( still very far from fluency though ) . 
  oh , and some words in romanian , mostly swear words . 
  in italy there are hundreds of different accents , sometimes people from a relatively close town may have a completely different accent , but none of them is mutually unintelligible , maybe because they 're linked to dialects and not to standard italian . 
  i 'd say that there are 2 macro-groups of accents though , the northern ones and the central-southern ones . 
  some of the differences are the pronunciation of the vowels `` e '' and `` o '' , the consonant `` s '' ( in some cases it 's pronounced like `` z '' in the north , but never in the central-southern areas ) , and the so called `` gemination '' ( doubling consonant sounds in specific cases ) , which is technically part of the standard italian pronunciation but no one seems to get it right except for the tuscans ( northerners never do it , southerners overdo it ) . 
  now dialects , that 's a whole different deal , but accents , as diverse as they can be , are mutually intelligible , at least for native speakers . 
  nothing too drastic like in english . 
  any native speakers who might have an idea of what the word was ? 
  `` fake '' according to whom ? 
  from what i could gather from the article translation , there is no real evidence that this was staged and that the journalist paid those people . 
  it just says that the bosnian authorities are investigating about it . 
  plus , i tried and google it and no news source mention this `` fake interview '' other than the one you linked . 
  it seems to me that that site ( and possibly bosnian media ? ), 
  is calling it fake right out of the gate in an attempt to deny that it might actually be true . 
  edit : phrasing, 
  ... and their modesty , too . 
  this has nothing to do with with supporting local businesses . 
  this is their way to say `` we do n't fucking want you '' . 
  they come up with stuff like that every once in a while just to remind us how much they dislike us . 
  i actually think ava is a beautiful name , it makes me think of ava gardner , and ella ( pronounced the english way ) sounds very classy . 
  poppy , on the other hand , sounds pretty silly . 
  i do n't understand , i only see a road sign ... 
  i know , i was already on my way there ... 
  i know the rules . 
  they put ketchup on a pizza ( and are those pickled onions ? ), 
  so what ? 
  people need to calm down , it 's just food . 
  i actually think it looks pretty yummy . 
  there , i said it . 
  lol , no . 
  literally no one is blaming seismologists for what happened . 
  i see foreign press is wasting no time making up bs about us , as per usual . 
  no , that would slightly change the meaning . 
  if you compete to see whose dick is the smallest , the smallest dick wins . 
  you guys are competing to see whose dick is bigger , but since you both have small dicks , the winner is the one with the least small ( not so small ) dick . 
  or maybe you 're right , i do n't know , my nose is bleeding . 
  this is like two men competing to see who has the least small dick . 
  edit : `` least '' instead of `` less '' . 
  grammar 's important !, 
  so , when austria and france return migrants to italy it 's ok , but if italy dares to return them to greece ( a perfectly safe eu country ) it 's illegal . 
  fuck this , honestly . 
  i thought exitaly was the winner . 
  is n't that mexican ? 
  hold your horses . 
  the law will be probably discussed in september , and it 's unlikely to pass anyway . 
  the title is misleading . 
  still better than having sex with a cold gazpacho . 
  edit : seriously though , salvini is an idiot . 
  he probably just did it to get attention since he 's becoming more and more irrelevant on the political scene . 
  i have a coupon !, 
  how dare you make me laugh in such a tense moment !, 
  i ca n't be the only one who thinks this guy looks like donald trump if he had a stroke, 
  it 's italian for `` fruit salad '' . 
  you 're welcome . 
  `` oopz , mein bad '', 
  you must be fun at parties ... 
  2 heads of state elected every 6 months , a total population of 35000 , does that mean everyone gets to be head of state sooner or later in their life ? 
  i 'm going to say slovenia . 
  the french are assholes , the swiss are obnoxious , and the austrians ... well they 're ok i guess . 
  except we are just abiding by the eu rules . 
  when we did try to reject them , many years ago , guess what happened ? 
  the eu sanctioned us . 
  so on one hand we are forced to rescue and take these people in on behalf of europe , on the other hand that same europe is like `` sorry , your problem '' . 
  that 's just not fair , and you ca n't blame it on italy . 
  we either do this as a united continent , and all countries cooperate , or italy should be given the right to `` send them straight back '' . 
  you sure it was n't just a mirror ? 
  damn it . 
  sshhh ... let the swede tell us about our country , i 'm sure he knows better than anyone who lives here ... / s, 
   they are descendants of romans and romanized indigenous peoples so what you 're saying is that , at best , romanians might be of * partial * roman ancestry . 
  like half of europe . 
  i guess we 'll have to broaden the concept of `` latin '' then ... 
  romans conquered and lived in a lot of places , but that does n't turn the indigenous people of those areas into latins . 
  quote from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_romania ) : `` romanians are the descendants of the ancient people ** indigenous to the balkans ** who were romanized . '', 
  the only latin thing you guys have is the language ( and even there the balkan influence is strong ) . 
  your looks , food , culture , architecture , and so on , are not latin . 
  except you guys are not latin at all . 
  your language is derived from latin , but that 's about it . 
  your `` blood '' is slavic , and so is your culture . 
  quit trying to fit in romania , you belong to the east . 
  if northern europeans are so happy , why do they have the highest suicide rate ? 
  also , italians ' favourite sport : talking shit about our own city/region/country . 
  oh , come on now . 
  no one 's said that he 's not entitled to talk about it ( i think we can all agree that he 's kind of an expert ) , nor that italians are corrupt . 
  the stereotype is about our politicians , and let 's face it , it 's not far from the truth . 
  now , i do n't doubt that uk , like most western countries , is corrupt on some levels ( he talks about financial corruption , different from italy 's politics corruption ) , but i would also take his words with a grain of salt . 
  he 's rambled a lot in the past years , he sometimes just says stuff just to be controversial , at least that 's the feeling i get . 
  `` your old prime minister was corrupt '' well , ca n't argue with that . 
  `` your football league has match fixing '' the fifa scandal is pretty worldwide `` your police take cash bribes '' well , that 's new . 
  source ? 
  i think you 're mistaking italy with mexico . 
  `` you literally invented the mafia '' right , because organized crime was n't a thing before the italians came around ... how bout russia , china , japan ( just to name a few ), 
  but how do you hold a pencil with your brain ? 
  where 's the german flag ? 
  it 's an extra cost , usually around 2 euros per person , that is added to cover the service received , like the quality of the waiting . 
  some people consider it an included tip . 
  it makes no sense , but it 's pretty standard in all restaurants in italy . 
  i did n't know it was illegal in rome . 
  wait , there is no `` service '' charge in rome ? 
  i did n't know , why is that ?
