seize the means of production when ? 
   nation has to be based on a common future , on simply getting along so we all win . 
  how to do that keeps changing , but the ideal of mutual happyness is more constant than any physical thing . 
  no , it is based on common past . 
  and common past is what gives common purpose and common future . 
  common goals pertaining to things here and now is something you share with your friends and your employer . 
  beyond that there 's nothing . 
  you die and that 's the end for you . 
  happiness to you is probably defined by market conditions ( after all , that 's why all those migrants are eager to come here ) but existence of a nation has nothing to do with markets . 
  a nation-state provides you with something beyond the markets ... so that 's why nations usually form along ethnic lines because that 's what ethnicity really is - a historic community of people . 
  again , common past from which they see a common purpose and future . 
  it ca n't be the reverse . 
  what else could it possibly be based on ? 
  contemporary cultural norms that change every 50 years anyways ? 
  blood is the only constant . 
  i think you 're talking about communism ... 
  because not listing it would be racist . . and that 's like the worst thing ever these days . 
   for me , the new germany exists only in order to ensure the existence of the state of israel and the jewish people . 
  jews are ** 0.71 % ** of france 's population . 
  i 'm pretty sure you have more poles in france at this point than jews . 
  why not pander to them then ? 
  why jews ? 
  you ca n't just `` join '' another ethnic group ... intermarriage perhaps . 
  that 's the only way to join that ancestral line i guess ... my point still stands . 
  the only thing that 's increased , is the number of people holding a german passport . 
  that 's it . 
  not this again ... how do you think german people are defined ? 
  same as any other people : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans, 
  how does that increase the number of latvians ? 
  germany 's fertility rate stands at ~ 1.4 . 
  number of germans shrinks by ~ 25 % each generation . 
  the number of people living within germany 's boundaries may have continued to increase , but germans are slowly going extinct same as latvians ... 
   is n't it as simple as female education ? 
  educated women value money and their career over kids and by the time they get married they are too old to have more than one . 
  women were pretty much as educated as men since the soviet times here in eastern europe . 
  our birth rates only started dropping in the 1990s ... economics have nothing to do with this . 
   we 're living in an age of equality yeah , but how long will that `` age of equality '' last , if everyone who adopted that nonsense slowly dies off ?? 
  also , there was plenty of gender equality during communism and the birth rates were quite high . 
  you do n't have to go full fascist to increase the birth rates . 
  simply stop pushing this liberal nihilist nonsense and this will correct itself . 
  a country that owns pretty much all the factories in europe has the lowest unemployment rate ... why am i not surprised ? 
  turkey is not part of europe . 
  every post on this sub about turkey , further legitimizes that nonsense . 
  population growth increases total gdp . 
  everyone knows that . 
  however , total gdp is absolutely meaningless to me . 
  it 's all about per-capita gdp . 
  importing millions of people does not raise per-capita gdp ... why would it ? 
  why would importing millions of people suddenly make your own people more productive ? 
  it does n't . 
  landlords make more money . 
  that 's all . 
  gdp is such a useless measure to begin with it ... especially after so many european countries bought into this `` service economy '' model . 
  seriously , blowing up residential neighborhoods and rebuilding them would increase gdp . 
  putting people in prison increases gdp . 
  importing a million refugees , putting them on welfare , and watching them spend that money increases gdp ... so what ? 
  it 's all for nothing . 
  this `` growth '' means absolutely nothing . 
  unless you 're producing more real products , more efficiently , your economy did not actually improve in any meaningful way ... 
  ukraine 's fertility rate stands at 1.5 though ... that 's still higher than many european nations including germany . 
  i agree with everything they 're saying though ... and that quote is brilliant actually . 
  every ideology is a means to an end , but not an end in itself . 
  i agree . 
  those rankings are such nonsense . 
  the elites own both the media and the government . 
  since their opinions converge towards the same goals , government sees no need to interfere with the press , thus `` freedom '' of the press shoots up to 100 % even though its press is not free at all . . 
   usa gdp per capita 2014 : $ 54 400   usa gdp per capita 2015 : $ 55 800   so the us showed growth in both productivity and population . 
  also , it has showed fairly consistent productivity growth for decades , the only `` sudden '' change is the decline in productivity during 2008 . 
  that 's so misleading ... gdp per capita could have increased because the proportion of working people in america increased . 
  with keyword here being proportion . 
  less people being born - less people making $ 0/year - more people making something . 
  when you divide all that output by suddenly less young/more working-age population - your gdp per capita goes up even with productivity being the same . 
  this is also why africa 's gdp per capita is so low . 
  it 's not because they actually make that little money , but because they have sooo many young people who make nothing . 
  look at their population pyramid . 
  if you counted gdp per capita only amongst their working age group - their gdp per-capita would shoot up 3x at least . 
  how is this fear mongering ? 
  have you looked at the demographics lately ? 
  good . 
  eu was never a european organization . 
  it was always an economic organization . 
  all about money and power and nothing beyond that ... 
  it 's not quantity , it 's quality that matters . 
  mexico has a higher total gdp than switzerland . 
  does that mean that the average mexican has a higher standard of living than a swiss person ? 
  not even close ... also , us gdp grew because its population grew , and not because its people suddenly became more productive ... 
   too many people on this sub-reddit are single issue voters who fail to see outside the box and think that muslims are the most important problem . 
  immigration literally decides your nation 's future both ethnically , culturally , economically , and politically for generations and generations in advance - if not forever . 
  as opposed to some economic hiccups or `` gdp grew slower than expected '' nonsense that last a couple business cycles at most . 
  why would n't this demographic displacement be the # 1 issue of europe right now ? 
  as opposed to the far-left win ? 
  if the other side won , would the headline be `` austrian far-left win '' ?? 
  why the double standard ? 
  that map is so misleading and so out of date that it 's just hilarious ... entire south america is perhaps ~ 10 % european at best . 
  only ~ 45 % of kids in america are european today . 
  canada is going to the same way - europeans are already a minority in most major cities . 
  do n't know about australia . 
  average fertility rate in europe is at 1.5 and that 's including millions and millions of foreigners of a certain religion ... brussels is already coming up with plans to import millions from africa and the middle east to make up for this `` demographic deficit '' . 
  even by the official stats if you go by each country 's census , european people are already down to just 14 % of the planet 's population . 
  god knows how many of those are already over 40 or retired .
