  boom . 
  we 're not one for complex dishes, 
  soul food 's definitely popular in my house . 
  then again , my grandfather was a chef that travelled the world with the navy when he was young , brought it all back with him after the war , and i grew up with it , so it might be nostalgia . 
  that wo n't ever be happening . 
  there 's not a hope in hell that the referendum will bring clarity . 
  referenda never do . 
  same thing , different words . 
  well , a racist is horrible fucking company for people who feel that racists are horrible fucking company at least . 
  campaigning does n't help anybody either . 
  you 'll get a canned response for a letter , you 'll get kettled if you march , and you 'll be jailed if you riot . 
  racism is n't designed to help anyone but the individual harbouring it . 
  by that definition no state can be authoritarian . 
  they are the state using its authority to enforce positive rights . 
  they 're authoritarian . 
  hate speech laws , minimum wage , industry regulation and nationalisation , increased taxation . 
  all examples of progressive authoritarianism . 
  progressives tend to be very authoritarian though . 
  or ourselves . 
  they did n't even go to france . 
  they just woke up one day and found themselves in france . 
  the native population suffers from the same problem . 
  it 's time we did something about this !, 
  i wonder how that 'll impact the halloumi/hellim market . 
  i do n't mind a price increase ( it 's worth it ) but cyprus best ramp up its production if it turns out i 've been buying non-cypriot cheese !, 
  this article does n't suggest that the economy 's at risk , just that our growth rate is . 
  this quarter . 
  that 's literally the opposite of the free market . 
  everything tesco could do almost definitely included lobbying government for regulations the cooperative would fall foul of . 
  people were literally dancing in the street . 
  ding dong the witch is dead reached number 2 in the charts the week she died . 
  that 's a bit more than jokes . 
  they were better off than us before thatcher . 
  labour still closed more mines than the tories under thatcher did . 
  that wo n't be enough . 
  trident being sited in scotland 's a bit issue of contention . 
  poland , because i have a lot of friends from there and they speak highly of their country . 
  czech republic , because i have some friends that moved there and they speak highly of the country . 
  estonia , because that digital citizenship thing is really forward thinking and i see a bright future for the tech sector there . 
  turns out everyone else appears to have the same thoughts . 
  the windbreak at caland canal is pretty effective . 
  you do n't even need to model realistic physics , you just need a fitness function for the software to aim for and an understanding of how to tweak everything in the plane to adjust its orientation etc. 
  just looked into it , it 's for people born before 1983 , or who have parents with british citizenship . 
  as i understand it almost all commonwealth countries have the right to settle in the uk . 
  common practice ? 
  it seems dodging questions is far more common in the world of politics . 
  i do n't see the irony . 
  i 've never really found anything to be overrated . 
  i 'm always impressed by what i see , but then i know my ( very specific ) tastes quite well and will just ignore anything else . 
  instant 20 % `` savings '' on those parts is nice . 
  i get the distinct impression brits do n't really want to be relevant any more . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that the whole not accepting scottish money thing is a running joke . 
  i 've never had trouble with scottish notes anywhere . 
  neither of those methods are 100 % contraceptive . 
  cds are n't lossless . 
  you 'd have to start a more technologically knowledgeable party first . 
  there are people competent with technology even in the cabinet , let alone the conservative party large . 
  it 's not knowledge that 's missing , it 's intent . 
  not as far as i 'm aware :p also despite popular belief , not a short man either . 
  they want our boats !, 
  i 've never felt so needed !, 
  a diminutive man fearing for his life attempts to strike a very favourable deal with the peasantry . 
  our most successful policy :'), 
  not saying it 's definite , but i feel it 's entirely possible that cameron 's opinion changed . 
  attitudes have changed a lot in britain surrounding the issue even over the last 10 years , we 're not the super tolerant country some of my peers like to believe we 've always been . 
  it 's also possible that cameron was being deceitful before as a power play , he 's a career politician after all . 
  he became leader of the tories in 2005 , so voting against the repeal in 2003 could have been to garner internal support - or he could have been whipped . 
  i 'm more inclined to believe that than i am that he 'd risk losing core voters and party support to appeal to more liberal minded swing voters . 
  i like to think cameron has a pretty good stance on social equality these days . 
  we 're all to be equally spied on and charged for tweeting , of course , but it 's all equal . 
  tried tomato in a fruit salad ? 
  it 's not so bad , 
  one that does n't involve people still alive who remember a time before the lisbon treaty . 
  it 's not possible for a brit to underestimate france . 
  even if we 're worse than france , we 're better than france . 
  that 's just how it has to be . 
  it 's not the eu that will stop russia getting to us , it 's nato . 
  it 's not one they can sign up to . 
  it 's one they can opt out of , which is fundamentally different , and immoral . 
  people 's ignorance and incompetence is no excuse for forcing shit on the rest of the populace . 
  release educational material , do n't strongarm isps into filtering the internet . 
  yes . 
  i doubt that they will , but if it gets to that point , one hopes that conventional warfare with russia might put off thermonuclear warfare . 
  so long as we do n't try and gun for putin , just liberate the invaded state ( s ) . 
  the state of play in 2015 . 
  i doubt very much so in 2025 . 
  today 's always going to be a better point in time to leave the eu than tomorrow . 
  not just the media , 
  stop laughing and start bragging , 
  it 's not just the french . 
  * it 's not just the french . 
  magners ' pear cider was made from apples . 
  do n't normally drink sweet alcohol , but i can definitely get behind old rosie and stowford press . 
  unless the meaning of loan changes to what grant means today , you can remove that probably . 
  you 'll never get another loan that you do n't have to pay unless you can afford to . 
  i ca n't remember exactly ( i ca n't find any articles referencing it either , but it was linked on / r/ukpolitics the first time cameron suggested it ) , but the guy was knowledgeable in how computers operate and said it was ill-tought-out , unworkable and made the party look outdated . 
  the internet does n't work like that . 
  data sent neither from the uk nor to it will still be routed through the uk , whereupon it is illegal to be encrypted and could be blocked depending on how the law 's implemented . 
  packet loss rates could soar worldwide . 
  one of the cabinet ministers called him out on this last time he brought it up .
