   in my humble opinion you will be able to trade free movement of people for refugees . 
  i can see eu saying okay no free movement but you take certain amount of refugees every year as a compensation . 
  have no idea if uk would be okay with it but i think it will be proposed . 
  i do n't think that 's likely to happen , but i 'll throw in my 2p . 
  i 'm actually happy with free movement . 
  if the eu were just the common market of the four freedoms , it 'd be perfect in my eyes . 
  i do n't like the idea of an obligation to take refugees , but i also do n't like the idea of blocking them coming in . 
  as for the country at large , i think it 'd depend on the quantity of refugees . 
  the real big concern is that middle eastern refugees will follow the same pattern as somalis - get citizenship in a continental member state , then migrate to the uk . 
  given that there are ~ 100,000 somalis in the uk , that number would probably have to be very small for the public to agree to it . 
  unless the quotas were determined by population density , i think the public would find it hard to convince themselves of injustice if the only countries taking fewer refugees were ones with even less ability to accomodate them . 
  the big difference being that we 'd be negotiating from a point of already conforming to every eu regulation in every way imaginable . 
  our negotiation would be about cutting things out , not adding things in . 
  i agree , it 's best that we are not in the eu . 
  we had sustainable north sea stocks in our waters until the common fisheries policy , thanks to robust regulations that were followed by companies based on our shores that we could monitor and punish where fit . 
  now every species of fish that is gathered in the north sea is under threat . 
  i do n't need to know that . 
  maybe some do , but i do n't care about them . 
  more to the point , if the goal of obama is to get the uk to stay in the eu , his best option is to say nothing at all . 
  look at this post . 
  it 's a bunch of continentals and a pro-federal eu state brit going on about `` he has a right to his opinion '' and a bunch of brits saying things ranging from `` he 's going to hurt the remain campaign '' through to `` he should butt out of our business . '', 
  given that only one of those two sides gets a say in the outcome , maybe that side should be listened to rather than continuing to espouse principles - something that the governmental structures of the eu do also , and is half the reason the referendum 's come up in the first place . 
  yea , `` if asked for his view '' by someone who was pre-vetted by a team of people he employs specifically to determine whether any given reporter/journalist is allowed near him , and a full itinerary of questions they have prepared for him . 
  i 'm not convinced that outside influence is particularly useful in a referendum on self-determination . 
  australia was let in because they 're as avid watchers of it as european countries are . 
  if japan wants in to eurovision , they should watch the broadcast , 
  the title . 
  it 's also specifically raising so the children are between the ages of 0-18, 
  yeah , and your tax rate could be adjusted for your genes to pay your `` fair share . '', 
  lots of birds are really smart d :, 
  the only problem with this is that reducing your calories from 3800 to 2200 is _ really difficult _ . 
  reading up on how protein , carbohydrates and fat affect your diet , and more significantly hunger signals , would make the task actually feasible . 
  i used to eat around 3800 calories a day ( probably more than that tbh ) , and i 'd frequently try and cut down only to have hunger ruling my life . 
  it was n't until reading up on how it all works that i successfully managed to cut , and actually found it difficult to eat 1500 calories a day because my body would dip into fat stores rather than make me feel hungry . 
  is n't that just archaic for lesser england ? 
  you would need to prove a different kind of political class populating brussels for remaining in the eu to be worthwhile from that perspective . 
  i do n't see it . 
  not to mention airport security for a lot longer . 
  my robotics team would have a little nerdgasm seeing them every time we went to vienna . 
  it wo n't sell then though :(, 
  that 's exactly what i said , right . 
  the people who want this sort of thing are the people still bitter about the closure of the coal mines , yet also really conscious about carbon emissions . 
  it is a special cohort , yes , but blanket targeting with the bbc micro almost definitely contributed to the bedroom developers of the 80s who went on to trailblaze uk software and game development in the 80s and 90s . 
  also , python is supported on the micro : bit , as is javascript , a visual `` coding '' language and a proprietary c-family language . 
  indeed , independent is ( was ? ), 
  the daily mail of the left . 
  we offer you turkey and ukraine . 
  i see not joining the eea as more likely than accepting schengen : /, 
   they expected support for remaining in the eu by now to be rising , not least because mr. cameron assured them it would be . 
  heh , that 'll teach them to listen to mr. cameron . 
  no we do n't . 
  of course it 's my own opinion , everything anyone posts on reddit is their own opinion . 
  no one else fucking cites their sources , and people who request it of me specifically piss me off , especially in threads where no one else has to cite their sources . 
  quite frankly after charles de menezes , rotherham and the high profile resignations in the met , even if the majority still trust the police they 're doing so delusionally . 
  no , i 'm not going to cite that either , but it 's also not trolling because i actually believe that . 
  they hate our freedom . 
  they hate our freedom . 
  they . 
  hate . 
  our . 
  freedom . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiycbjkslxq ), 
  i 'm not even suggesting retaining video location . 
  even if all you stored was , say , an identifier , the camera identifier and a timestamp , you 're using 332kb per hit . 
  ~ 65,000,000 people in the uk means 2.15 tb to store one hit per person per day here alone . 
  that 's not anywhere near enough information to build up a comprehensive list of activities . 
  you 're gon na wan na work out every building someone goes into , every street they walk down , which car they get into , which turns it made and where they got out , which trains and buses they took at which time and where they got off . 
  you 're easily looking at tens or hundreds of terabytes per day , and that needs to be hooked in constantly so it can be searched . 
  it 's going to need to be backed up and indexed . 
  as if you know what 's best for all of europe . 
  as if that 's ever going to be the same thing for every country . 
  it 's got ta be sarcastic . 
  otherwise it must be delusional . 
  our police force is underfunded , riddled with corruption and frankly just not trusted much any more . 
  damn , that beetle 's the kicker . 
  i knew about the disease resistant ash trees and thought we were heading towards a solution . 
  maybe they need to find a toxin for the beetles and sequence that into the gm trees too . 
  fortunately data storage is n't going to catch up to hold all that data in 10 years . 
  got a couple of decades yet before that really starts to hurt . 
  uniformed in the pictures shared in the media . 
  not uniformed at the time . 
  i instantly lose all my troubles when i visit concarneau . 
  i 'm sure it 's somewhat different to live there , but i find it so relaxing , it 's like a more vibrant version of my hometown ( poole ) . 
  you do n't know who / u/flapps voted for , their mp could quite easily be in government . 
  a ) you do n't know that , b ) / u/flapps would have been better saying we were n't able to vote for . 
  you mean your best interests . 
  i 'd much rather have the conservatives in power than [ insert your party of choice ] . 
  if you 're going to make an arguement , do n't preface it with a `` statistic '' which is 50 % wide of the mark . 
  trade with the eu in 2015 was 42 % of uk trade . 
  i 'm actually struggling to find any statistics pointing it to being 60 % , the ons data seems to only want to show back to 1999 and at no point on their graphs has trade with eu been higher than trade with non-eu . 
  there 's more emphasis on yield rather than flavour . 
  same with the uk . 
  get more stuff grown , and you 'll make more money because the populace does n't care as much about enjoying food . 
  i do n't find that to be the case , tbh . 
  morrisons has some really nice loafs in the bakery section , rather than the bread aisle . 
   which spent most of the last 25 years promising not to spend any more money than the overtly right-wing party and yet still managed to, 
  it 's not because of immigrants , no , but if you look at the stats with regards to new builds , average occupants per house and migration figures , they cancel out . 
  it 's pretty fucking nonsensical given that the majority of the uk was against the war in iraq as well . 
  2 million marched on london and were ignored . 
  this report would almost definitely vindicate them .
