  the ruling was made because the ecb was trying to infringe the four freedoms . 
  it just so happened to benefit london also . 
  you 're lowly janitor for 75 % bankers now . 
  thing is , they do n't . 
  romanians are massively overrepresented in london 's homeless statistics . 
  hell , i recall the whole homeless spikes controversy was defended by the people doing it claiming `` well it 's the romanian muggers we 're trying to stop harrassing our customers/clients '', 
  it was only posted here at a suggestion to see how the people on this sub would react anyways . 
  if you 're gon na make a claim that there was not a single comment from a british redditor in a linked thread , you really ought to read through it and make sure there are no comments from british redditors first . 
  incidentally . 
  that 's not the point i was making - it 's not a decision made for london . 
  we 're not going to betray our principles ( or rather the will of our people ) to support the strengthening of europe , just because there might be some gain in it somewhere for us . 
  when people say be more pro-active in europe , what 's read is support more eu decisions even if they go against national interest or public opinion , because that benefits the eu as a whole . 
  what britain thinks would make a stronger europe is not what the eu thinks would make a stronger europe . 
  that 's why we 're on the losing side of so many votes , and that 's why we believe it mutually beneficial for us to negotiate opt outs than `` pro-actively '' lose more votes . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  i do n't see why anyone else sees a problem with that . 
  we hardly ever get _ any _ support for things people seem to want us to do more of . 
  quite frankly , at the point where britain acts as a cohesive whole , it has 1/28 of the vote , as does every other member . 
  why do n't other countries step up ? 
  those of us that want out of the eu do not want eea membership . 
  we do n't want to pay into the coffers or comply with rules and regs like norway and switzerland . 
  we 're happy with the wto arrangement for the most part , actually . 
  the belief that pro-exit people are campaigning for eea membership is a straw man useful for shifting public perception , nothing more . 
  we 're pretty good at punching above our weight when we have the sovereignty to do so . 
  you 're pretty good at building dams . 
  it looks like the subservience to the us thing might have been a blip due to an uncomfortably close relationship between bush and blair . 
  we 've changed a fair bit since we were led into afghanistan and iraq . 
  why would we play a more proactive role ? 
  we 're on the losing side of 92 % of decisions we try to take part in . 
  if we played a more proactive role it would n't really amount in any benefit for us . 
  a glorious location i would n't say no to !, 
  yeah , that 's not a ruling in favour of london , that 's a ruling against the ecb . 
  so long as they 're prohibited from restricting it to eurozone countries by the courts , there 's no real need for clearing houses to move . 
  to imply this would change if we left suggests that the eu general court is in the pocket of the uk . 
  i do n't think many if any of us care about losing influence . 
  we 're fed up of being expected to use it . 
  once a year we all meet up and go to the club we used to enjoy while we were at uni . 
  largely regret it . 
  sounds good to me !, 
  that would put it at 50 % no ? 
  that still does n't classify as most . 
  tbh i suspect a large proportion of scots , like most brits , do n't actually rate the eu all that high up on their priority list , so the level of eu support is probably not going to have much bearing on a shift in support for independence . 
  i bet it 's more likely to be a perceived increase in control from westminster . 
  on the subject of the british remake , it 's done by the same folks that did utopia , another fantastic show . 
  especially the music . 
  granted no amount of concessions would likely sway me to out and out euphile , and chances are i 'll be voting to leave anyway , but this is far from enough . 
  britain getting exceptions to minor things is insignificant - you need to fully tackle the issue of eu power grabs from all member nations . 
  what exactly is the functional difference between britain being exempted from everything , and britain leaving the eu ? 
  other than the eu still having control over things were not explicitly exempt from , i ca n't see any . 
  no eu countries can do deals with us . 
  do n't change haggis d : change the us ' ban on its import !, 
  sometimes i feel like i can read dutch . 
  i only know a very small amount through being in a nl/be counter strike community and a week long visit to den haag , but it was enough to notice the quirks of the language , and the grammar is almost identical ... 
  my regulars are open til 4 . 
  they have to apply for a license for anything after 11pm but i do n't know anywhere that did n't . 
  yeah that was changed in 2004 or around then at least, 
  i ca n't really say for sure what the perception was like before the migration , i was young , but it 's now kind of ... 
  i guess on balance you 'd say it 's neutral . 
  yes , there 's the whole `` they 're coming over here taking our jobs crowd , '' i know a fair few of them myself including family members , but most of those same people also say `` but they do a much better job than us lot . '', 
  grudging respect , but we have that attitude towards most things . 
  i currently live in an area that is pretty evenly populated between poor people , students and recent graduates , and poles . 
  here they 're just seen as people . 
  well , people that like drinking on the streets outside their houses . 
  we 've adopted cuisine , adjusted to the more open/blunt way they communicate , and these days pretty much everyone 's encountered them in social circles or professional environments . 
  any perceptions of difference now are largely either long gone , or innocent observations rather than moral judgements . 
  i imagine that 's a stark shift from before the migration waves . 
  one would hope everyone does d :, 
  train operators in japan get fined if their services are more than 6 seconds late , if memory serves . 
  there 's an incredibly strong emphasis on punctuality on all walks of life there . 
  i 'm not sure it 's something you can just engineer . 
  daniel hannan is n't an mp . 
  maybe it 's just because i live in leicester , but there does n't strike me as a shortage d : you could have one diner per restaurant and still have restaurants to spare !, 
  personally i do n't drink tea , or any other hot drink . 
  i 'm not even worthy of colonial . 
  yeah , making someone wait is ... beyond juvenile . 
  their time is as valuable to them as yours is to you - you 're holding up the execution of their duties as much as you 're holding up the meeting between you . 
  it 'll set a terrible tone for the meeting if you essentially send the message that their one hour meeting with you is more important than 2 hours performing the duties they were appointed to . 
  yeah , because so long as there 's some form of election somewhere , it must be democratic . 
   the current government in the uk would like to repeal the human rights act this only sounds bad because it 's called the human rights act . 
  people conflate it with actual human rights . 
  we 'd have to leave the un to justify actually repealing human rights . 
  yeah it 's entirely possible for other countries to negotiate opt-outs alongside us if they wish . 
  as i understand it denmark 's achieved a fair amount of their opt-outs this way . 
  there 're no pension funds left to dip into . 
  he does n't want to . 
  i believe if everyone in the uk regardless of age drank tea , at our current consumption it 'd be like 6 cups of tea per day . 
  wish they sold something like spezi here . 
  you have to improvise it , which can get expensive unless you get access to the fountain yourself . 
  the funny ones seem to escape germany . 
  i went to dmu , the su have ... somewhat earned my belated grudging respect , for refusing to condemn or ban things in the face of pressure from other sus . 
  you know , being liberal rather than liberal-actually-progressive . 
  it impressed me because i regarded a lot of the people in the exec as friends and their views definitely aligned very well with those you stereotypically associate with sus . 
  europeans tend to stand half a metre apart when talking though.the gap left tends to be that , neither side stands right up against the door so between the two people you 're looking about right if you 're close to the door . 
  does n't matter about opinion , it 's a belief that eu membership is detrimental . 
  would it ? 
  as far as i 'm aware irish citizens are eligible to vote in all uk elections , so why would british ex-pats in ireland be excluded ? 
  i think with boris , it 's a well known act , whereas with trump you could suspect he 's actually serious in everything he says . 
  i like to imagine boris ' hair is n't cut , it 's swiped at by colonel hathi . 
  donald trump is hilarious . 
  i 'd say i ca n't believe he 's considered a serious political candidate , but then we have boris johnson here ( who 's eligible to run for the us presidency which i 'd love to see ) and it turns out he 's actually a fairly competent servant so i wo n't presume incompetence on trump 's behalf .
