  best get rid of the concept of the internal market then . 
  it 's fundamentally protectionist . 
  it is , however , the take that 's always decided upon . 
  to be honest i do n't think many brits care about that . 
  the desire to govern the uk ourselves extends to the desire not to govern other nations . 
  not having a say on what eu member states legislate is part and parcel of it . 
  you 're making the mistake of equating the eu , europe and europeans . 
  none of those things are the same . 
  they 'd all speak english , 
  common fisheries policy . 
   and most of them are non-european , so why do n't you stop other migration first , if that 's the goal ? 
  that 's completely under your control already , so it seems the migration issue is just an excuse . 
  in the last half a year it has been made _ ridiculously _ difficult for non-eu migrants to actually make it into the country without blood relation to citizens . 
  do n't have to do one thing at a time to address a perceived problem . 
  it does , yea . 
  and yes , the protectionist ideas will influence us greatly until we adjust our trade policies further and trade predominantly with the rest of the world . 
  for all the good having 60 million folks and `` major power status '' has done in actually achieving anything . 
  the only thing that 'll change if we leave is that treaty change will be slightly sped up as we wo n't be there to take up time negotiating an opt-out after failing to stop the change . 
  ever closer union has been demonstrably true , though . 
  they 're both huge sources of higher costs , yes , but neither of them are hospitals . 
  well that could be enough to tip the vote in remain 's favour . 
  it 's almost entirely the insurance racket driving up the costs . 
  where it is n't it 's the lack of tort reform . 
  i imagine almost every country not in the top 10 is both pissed off and planning on how to up their game . 
  the independent may have used to have been a decent paper . 
  these days it 's just coarse bogroll . 
  largely disinformation spread to them in turkey and their countries of origin . 
  the ferries ceasing might pose a problem because i imagine the traffic in the channel is part of the reason so few make it over on boats . 
  that 's pretty much the only reason we do anything, 
  surely if the uk fails and the eu has punished it , the logical thing for the uk to do would be to point at the eu and go `` look , they sabotaged us . '', 
  there would be a much stronger case for staying in the eu if the uk left and failed without the eu actively attempting to make that happen . 
  to be fair , all the accusations of people being nazis are in the document linked . 
  judges just interpret law . 
  if they 're moralising over law , i 'd be foaming at the mouth about that . 
  how ? 
  murder him back ? 
  unsurprisingly , i can find none for leicester . 
  you 're all better off for there being none . 
  fully dissolved in 1809, 
  nah , this would be perfectly fine in the uk . 
  they make up like 2 % of the workforce . 
  `` it 's all 0 hour contracts ! '', 
  nah the tory scum destroy everything here, 
  not to mention already having a job boosting your chances with other employers . 
  we were taught about india extensively , though i 'm a couple of years older than i 'm presuming / u/hawkuk is . 
  i was taught history under a new labour parliament , and parliaments do love altering the curriculum to leave their mark . 
  that 's too close to being thatcherite for a lot of people in the uk, 
  well , granted independence for the most part . 
  i imagine it 's all of it save 20th century . 
  well if that 's all they got , then i think they were let down . 
  the curriculum should be covering more . 
  i very strongly remember from my history education the brutality of our empire , particularly in india . 
  imagery of our police and military regularly beating up and gunning down peaceful indians until the bad image of our country was not worth keeping the colony ist pretty much burned in my mind . 
  your teacher is so important for your education . 
  i was always naturally inclined to be good at maths , science and it , i just found the subjects innately easy . 
  however , my best grades were in english and history because the teachers were really engaging , and also quite adaptive to the individual 's needs . 
  i still have a strong interest in language and history , which i can almost entirely thank two people for . 
  technically the 19th century . 
  hurling 's pretty much the only team sport i enjoy watching . 
  stumbled across a match on youtube and i was immediately hooked !, 
  heh , i 'm guessing they calculated it with `` this % of the country looks like it 's having trouble so this % of the population is '' then ? 
  do please point to the country that 's not selfish . 
  in all of its existence the eu and its predecessors have demonstrated no ability to change course , simply exempt us from a couple of its decisions . 
  there 's no point trying . 
  there are a few different perspectives . 
  the one you 'll hear about most are the xenophobes that just do n't want people coming into our country . 
  they 're not a majority of people who are against mass migration but they have the most unpalatable opinion so they sell the most papers . 
  they 'd be happy if we closed off the borders completely , until business starts to rapidly go downhill . 
  another group do n't want britain to have terrorist attacks similar to those that happened in paris . 
  they see what 's happening in europe with migrants either encountering no resistance at borders due to schengen , or ignoring borders that are there , as a massive threat given the region they 're coming from , and see the rapid movement through the schengen countries as being a fault of the eu itself . 
  the only thing stopping people coming across in their eyes is that we have 26 miles of water and a busy shipping lane between us and the continent , rather than the 1.5 miles folks are crossing in dinghies at the moment . 
  tighten border controls and fewer people would sneak into britain . 
  another group are opposed to the impact on services and wages that migration from relatively worse off countries has on the uk . 
  these people also tend to identify some cultural culpability in the migrants - eastern [ central ] europeans get singled out ( and tbf i can see why , it 's anecdotal but i work for the it department at a clothing redistributor and aside from the warehouse manager and 1 member of warehouse staff , everyone 's polish and latvian ) . 
  this has been proven to have a deflationary effect on wages , and schools and hospitals are struggling with demand right now . 
  another group do not like the preferential treatment that eu citizens get . 
  we have no control over people coming in from europe so we can not prioritise bringing in possibly more suitable migrants from the rest of the world over people with eu citizenship when considering migration targets . 
  there are a myriad more different opinions in the range of `` anti-immigration , '' and probably as many people are supportive of migration as are against it , but these are the main four i hear about . 
  it 's one thing for the police to do it , another for the military . 
  not worth dealing with the absolute legal nightmare , or more significantly legal precedence , of blowing up your own citizens though . 
  why do the swedes work ? 
  because those wanting to leave represent a minority in the eu parliament who get stonewalled by the federalists in charge , and we already have all the political structures in place from before the eu to make leaving incredibly easy . 
  iceland . 
  we physically ca n't leave europe . 
   i think the vast majority of canadians , and probably australians and kiwis as well , would recieve the idea of an anglo-union and a revived commonwealth very positively . 
  it would probably be a natural progression after a brexit . 
  that would be good . 
  negotiating your customs is a nightmare at the moment !, 
  those are devolved parliaments , not a uk parliament . 
  yes , but none of the other members have a referendum on membership coming up . 
  we 'll never decide a blanket `` we 're in whatever , '' as much as a remain outcome of the referendum might want to be painted by whomever . 
  nothing a uk parliament does can be considered binding to any other parliament - the more the eu drifts away from uk ideals , the less votes a government will get that supports continued membership without a referendum . 
   i 've also observed an increasing number of young people switching nightclubs for brothels one of my coursemates did this . 
  sat down and went over his bank statements , realised he 'd save money , not to mention hassle . 
  there probably is in the us . 
  no clue about the uk - he does n't have to give up his us citizenship ( as far as i 'm aware he has n't yet , he just intends to ) to be the prime minister , he 's worried it would affect his campaign . 
  we 're not allowed to have free movement outside the eu whilst in the eu . 
  fwiw that 's because wages stagnated outside london , at least for the tech industry . 
  when i first started looking into my eventual career back around 2000 , the typical job listing offered the same wage as what i 'm now paid . 
  i do n't think that would be as much of an issue for brits .
