  but coventry holds a special place in people 's hearts as somewhere not to be . 
  i like to think it 's still recovering from the blitz . 
  they 're already trying to come to the uk based on false beliefs of the conditions . 
  changing them wo n't help , they 're being lied to in their countries of origin . 
  they can travel freely to the uk though . 
  because the paragraph was started with `` you have to remember that to most britons '' rather than `` you have to remember that to most people . '', 
  sure but your country borders switzerland and hosts the eu once a month or whatever frequency it is . 
  yeah gcse history taught more recent things , but it did n't impart much in the way of eu related information . 
  more important things to learn , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was mentioned in passing at my school in required subjects . 
  whether that 's part of the curriculum or not is another matter . 
  it was definitely brought up frequently in critical thinking classes , but barely anyone took those and chances are everyone there already knew about the eu as you probably needed a level of political interest to choose the subject . 
  yeah , similar . 
  i know the counties and roughly where they are in the country , but give me a jigsaw puzzle of it all and i 'd be figuring it out based on the shapes rather than instinctively knowing . 
  britain 's fertility rate would still see a decline in population . 
  no , non-eea is pretty consistently higher . 
  the gap 's been closing rapidly since moves to reestrict immigration were imposed . 
  it 's not even a true premise . 
  heh , clearly did n't influence it enough to write three quarters rather than three fourths . 
  if you 're visiting , chances are you avoid the areas that are poor . 
  there are some real dire parts here . 
  there are parts of the city i just do n't visit any more because every time i did i was mugged for the couple of pound coins they saw me put in my pocket after buying something . 
  of course , it 's all relative - i 'm sure if i 'd been to poorer parts of europe , or worse the wider world , i 'd think twice about calling leicester `` real dire . '', 
  everyone that does n't live on my side of the street swaps wives and fucks their local animal of choice . 
  haha my thoughts exactly !, 
  i 'm not having this entire country plunged into shitness or consigned to a state ownership of industry just because some closet commies and short term thinkers with a d in a level philosophy think that it is good to vote in corbyn . 
  it happens a hell of a lot actually . 
  of course they 're not . 
  not even brits take british democratic wishes seriously . 
  the left got into supporting the eu because they saw it as a means to impose left wing politics on a right wing country , not because it 's some expansion of the system . 
  they were relevant when the border controls with those countries are loosened . 
  they 're rarely brought up now that there 's no migration control , except in london crime statistics . 
  whether you need to change your citizenship is entirely dependent on the country you reside in . 
  why do you need to renounce british citizenship to gain citizenship elsewhere ? 
  uh , yes it is . 
  nah , it 's mostly because the least windy parts of the country also suffer the least protection in terms of landmarks and national trust parks that can prevent planning applications . 
  we do , but for some reason all the wind turbines go up in the least windy parts of the country . 
  i stumbled across a hurling match on youtube the other week . 
  every time you 've seen a bunch of folks standing around in a field doing nothing you 've seen 99 % of a cricket match . 
  so kids were effected due to thank god we 're alive sex ? 
  that 's a perfectly good policy , it reduces britain 's carbon output by 40 % as 40 % of the population starves to death . 
  it is . 
  not that much impact in terms of people killed , the bombings were more designed to disrupt london as far as i can tell . 
  people just happened to be on the trains because people are always on the trains . 
  bennett would be better described as dogmatic . 
  what 's led to the belief that we do n't care about the russian lives lost in the plane in egypt ? 
  yeah , outside of glasgow i do n't think we really see any of this any more : /, 
  they did n't go in alone . 
  alternatively , consider leaving . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witney_%28uk_parliament_constituency%29#elections david cameron : 60.2 % even i misread it , he got a majority of 43 % , not 43 % of the vote . 
  it 's not . 
  cameron won 43 % of the vote . 
  the metric to imperial conversions are n't that hard ( for an accurate enough estimation - divide by 5 and multiply by 8 for miles to kilometres , for example ) , and the units of scale are actually more suitable than decimal in my mind . 
  12 inches to a foot , 3 feet to a yard - that 's all easily divisible by 2 , 3 and 4 , rather than just 2 and 5 . 
  i find the hybrid we 've got going on in the uk is really useful , for me at least . 
  business still heavily uses cheques . 
  it 's annoying , i run a web based business and i 've never physically met any of my clients , but they all pay their subscriptions with cheques . 
  hehe , [ honourary frenchman ] ( http://www.anyclip.com/movies/johnny-english/reveal-plan-for-turning-england-into-a-huge-prison/ ), 
  it 's the latter . 
  they also like to call subsidising less taxing when the narrative fits , ie `` bedroom tax . '', 
  standard tactics these days . 
  voting for a constituent mp is pretty popular here . 
  we interact with parliament through our local mps , not the ruling party , so i doubt the system will change . 
  it 's no more flawed than 51 % of the population dictating what the other 49 % should do . 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  in the feudal system , land was won with war and when the feudal system fell it was distributed to peasants based on their leasing of it prior . 
  from that point it could be sold or inherited , i guess . 
  it was all violently gained at some point though . 
  thing is , cameron probably would kneel for the pope if that is what etiquette expected , even if he 's not catholic . 
  the royal family are n't citizens of anywhere . 
  to own land in the first place , usurption must have happened at some point . 
  it 's very easy to overlook that when ~ 65 % of families in the uk own land . 
  the verbal equivalent , at least . 
  it 's gon na make for some high hit youtube videos . 
  then you all should use common law and the pound if you thik those things are necessary . 
  schengen most definitely is not . 
  nothing is stopping eu citizens relocating to london now . 
  contributing their votes towards the cause , i guess . 
  keeping their traps shut , possibly , too . 
  only two things i can think of . 
  no dice . 
  i 'd far sooner stick with a gimped service market . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  the uk treasury has no horse in the race of making britain look good . 
  that document is to inform parliament so that they can make accurate assessment of public finances . 
  it is _ detrimental to our country _ to fudge the figures . 
  why would an organisation loyal to the queen - an unelected head with no need to concern herself over public opinon - _ not _ parliament , mess around with such potentially dangerous things just for appearances ? 
  notoriously easy to detect in its text form . 
  no it does n't . 
  loads of people do it , it 's just a turn of phrase . 
  not likely , being vigilant in checking the charities you 're donating to is something quickly learned here . 
  give ? 
  i think you mean  aide priv\u00e9e seulement   * misleading - private aid only *, 
  it 's asking for disagreement under the expection of agreement . 
  basically i 'm pretty sure i 'm in the right area with the figure . 
  the only present beneficiary , perhaps . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  if the rule still applies after we leave then it does n't have any impact on a decision . 
  if it does , the implication is that we bribed the court . 
  it was n't made explicitly to benefit london .
