  if you were appeasing us , rather than dismissing us , you 'd have not created the euro , and the eu as a whole would have been better for it . 
  at least some of the reason we do little to no trade with russia is because the processes for navigating the sanctions proves financially unfeasible for most businesses . 
  it 's _ really difficult _ to sell things to russia even if they are n't specifically blocked for sale . 
  reunification of ireland , realistic ? 
  yeha , and it 's premature to already declare the gop fascist . 
  it 's definitely workable , and probably one of the least contentious things to negotiate . 
  visa-free travel has plenty of blueprints to work from . 
  yeah , i was getting confused about the whole thing . 
  researchers travelling all over the world is a centuries-old tradition . 
  did n't know i hate eastern europe . 
  it 's partially composed of the northern irish flag ... 
  would 've been a good point if the sun had set on the british empire . 
  rules that only apply once it 's been invoked . 
  tell that to square enix :p, 
  everyone who took part in the referendum understood that there would be a winner . 
  you ca n't place a vote and only claim responsibility for the result if your side wins . 
  everyone who voted caused this . 
  surely in that case one implies the other ? 
  kind of true , though . 
  it 's partly because people historically voted for parties along class lines rather than ideological lines . 
  working class folks voted labour , because it was set up by labourers for labourers . 
  these days however , labourers are n't actually that bad off compared to , say , the 70s , and they can begin to place more precedence on ideology ( and a lot of them are n't all that left wing progressive ) . 
  blair recognised this and adjusted the party accordingly . 
  corbyn 's a throwback to the 70s and not what modern labourers want , he 's what students want , and he 's in power because students could afford to buy the right to vote in the leadership elections . 
  given the number of mps who have said publicly that he refused to even speak with them , i find that hard to believe, 
  it 's also means moment , or something that 's in the moment . 
  parliament already has plenty of nonces , 
  it 's the `` where it makes sense '' that 's the issue . 
  that 's going to be different for countries and individuals within those countries , and to be honest i feel that that phrase is more of a platitude than `` ever closer union '' is . 
  there 's only one direction the eu and its predecessors have been moving in . 
  so secret we can report on it, 
  english is an official language of india . 
  how is 5 cherrypicking ? 
  we can achieve that with no deal whatsoever . 
  india has n't been independent for a century yet . 
  india 's part of the anglosphere . 
  it 'll be interesting to see , yea . 
  if we need visas , it could become cheaper to travel further afield depending on how much they cost . 
  i 've encountered two spaniards in my city . 
  they work in the spanish translation team at my place of employment . 
  i 've encountered more polish shops on the same road  edit : that is , to say , that spaniards could be more concentrated in the uk ( probably london ) whereas other nationalities may have spread out . 
  there are a fair few germans in leicester also . 
  christ , can we please stop mocking a guy calling out the rape gangs years before the government , police and media relented on silence for fear of being racist ? 
  probably because the last census registered under 80k spaniards in the country . 
  practically a quarter of one year 's net migration figure . 
  nah , liberalism is still broadly taken to mean the classical bent in the uk . 
  though admittedly that is slowly changing , unfortunately . 
  ever been there ? 
  yeah , exactly, 
  more being stupid enough to be honest about doing it , but yeah . 
   which can interpreted as prohibiting sex between two men ( but not women ) not strictly speaking true , man used to be a gender neutral term . 
  yeah , but basically everyone abbreviates it to / r/uk for simplicity 's sake, 
  i 'd argue it 's equally an error to expect the state to get something right . 
  point out where that was said , ` cos i must have missed it in the article . 
  every single year , the hmrc website calculates my tax wrong , and every year an employee at hmrc corrects it to roughly 20 % of the figure that the site came out with ,, 
  just cos you can read our media does n't mean it 's talking about you . 
  there was indeed a eurosceptic silent majority in the uk . 
  only the people of witney voted cameron into parliament , and only members of the conservative party voted him to be leader . 
  the vast majority of people have never had a say in every single parliament we 've ever had . 
  reduce the welfare budget by getting people into work and raising the retirement age, 
  it 's true , the first thing that happened when poles started moving to the uk was clearing out over a century of waste from our toilets . 
  jesus , you actually live here ? 
  they probably wo n't anger enough to maintain the majority we saw in the referendum . 
  even / r/uk strongly doubts this is because of brexit , rather than his restaurants being too expensive for what they are . 
   anything the tories propose becomes law . 
  this is just not true . 
  the current government has been defeated 3 times by tory rebellion already - evel , changes to purdah , and sunday trading restrictions . 
  we were led to believe we were joining a common market , rather than a political union ( admittedly by [ our own government of the day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975#referendum_question ) ) . 
  so we have a completely different set of expectations than the continent by everyone who did n't grow up with the eu . 
  you could point to pretty much anything non-trade related ( and a fair bit trade related ) the eu does and a measurable population of brits would have issue with it . 
   this kind of thing sounds a bit ussr to me . 
  just let countries do what they want . 
  be liberal and open to global free trade . 
  if the eu were liberal and open to free trade , the uk would n't have left in the first place :p, 
  generally speaking , for brits , that 'd be another reason to leave . 
  support for a federal eu is incredibly low in the uk , and that 's just a point to argue that us leaving 's good for the eu as a whole too . 
  they could have at least offered the exception in writing . 
  forgive the demos for not trusting a promise from politicians . 
  widening a road does n't prove to reduce traffic , either . 
  you mean the companies hiring eu nationals without advertising their listings in the uk ? 
  the tories could have a much larger majority and the government still would n't have absolute power . 
  it 's a broad church with a lot of rebellious factions . 
  i second the motion, 
  they might think that they have no accent , but they do . 
  quite frankly , unless you live in a specific town , you will never achieve the accents we hear in call centres . 
  i hope he makes another awesome campaign video . 
   how do you know even know what call canter takes your call ? 
  im really interested . 
  accents identify the town people grew up in , in the uk . 
  it 's very easy to tell where a call centre is . 
  look , it 's wonderful that you know people that work at a call centre , but as a brit i phone up call centres intended for brits quite frequently and the last time i encountered even an irish call centre was a couple of years ago , and yes that includes calling up a call centre for my isp . 
  i 'm not talking out my ass , you 're taking experiences in your monkey sphere in terms of employment and extrapolating that to an entire industry . 
  when 's the last time _ you _ called a call centre intended for a british audience ? 
  i guess they are, 
  gove was ridiculed for the first part of his experts comment . 
  `` the people have had enough of experts with organisations from acronyms saying that they know what is best and getting it consistently wrong . '', 
  of course , he was interrupted after `` had enough of experts '' by the interviewer so that 's what stuck . 
  the actual reason was because over half of the eu 's budget at the time disadvantaged britain 's agriculture over continental countries . 
  our call centres are mostly domestic now ... 
  it really depends on how accurate and potent they can get it over a distance .
