  of course , we 're provided with tiny bins to counter the fact , but still . 
  height of luxury !, 
  oh i suspect it 's realised by a lot of people . 
  it 's just incredibly easy to bury our heads in the sand . 
  de gaulle not wanting us in the eec is the main reason we joined, 
  they said country !, 
  if we 're going our separate ways , got will just be peter dinklage on greenscreen, 
  well yea that 's why they leave, 
  there 's never been a poll conducted on such a scale . 
  figures are a little off , but that 's inconsequential . 
  your point would make sense if the eu were one unified marketplace , but it 's not . 
  heh , i fear i 'm almost starting that transition myself . 
  since this whole snooper 's charter thing i 've found i actually care a small amount about social issues . 
  again , that 's how * you * see it . 
  you do n't need to be swayed away from voting tory because , and i 'm gon na take a wild guess here , you do n't vote tory anyway . 
  they may not have cared for the poor from your perspective , perhaps , but yours is n't the only one . 
  many see job creation and deregulation as helping the poor by providing job opportunities and rewarding aspiration . 
  would be if it were their raison d'\u00eatre , at least . 
  benefit tourism is a recent talking point for ukip , they would be euskeptic even if it were dealt with legally . 
  they kicked out the elected government and stole from the citizens ' bank accounts . 
  any country voluntarily committing resources to something that damages it without any benefits , and without attempting to change it or at least airing its grievances , is a weak country . 
  britain is not weak . 
  because it 'll lose votes . 
  any alteration to the welfare system can and will be portrayed as an attack on the poor , by a `` privileged elite who know nothing of real life '' and that will either cost the party votes or concentrate opposition . 
  i would use the netherlands , but to be honest i more often use nederland . 
  i hear both the netherlands and holland used about as much as each other , often both by the same person . 
  it 's incredibly easy to fit everyone into two sizes . 
  you ask them which of the two they 'd prefer , and put them there . 
  my village got shafted with something similar . 
  wound up with a bypass despite nigh universal opposition because people were asked if they would rather a hypothetical bypass were at the north or the south of the village . 
  false dichotomies are dangerous !, 
   there also is the constant implied threat of leaving . 
  especially the idea of `` i 'll promise we 'll decide by referendum but only if you wait a few years and re-elect me first '' can be somwhat annoying from an outside perspective . 
  annoying from an outside perspective yes , but borne from a misunderstanding of our political makeup . 
  it would have been impossible to deliver that in a coalition because the only other party that has enough popular euskepticism to deliver that promise had no seats at the start of the last parliament . 
  it 's like 20 % ukip supporters . 
  well no . 
  i was trying to make the point that the eu and europe are n't equivalent . 
  we ca n't physically leave europe you know ? 
  i hope tropical house is gon na get bigger and bigger . 
  the last few months of my life have been made so much more relaxed because of it, 
  except it 's not . 
  some people have the perception that they 're undercutting jobs , but there 's no significant voice claiming poles are uncivilised . 
  being pro-eu * to you * means that . 
  plenty of people in the eu support it as a union but not as a single country with a single economy . 
  taking things from everywhere not europe . 
  shut at 4 . 
  yeah there 's definitely no appetite to do it . 
  there 's one , very small , highly unpredictable outcome possibility that will result in re-election . 
  the vast majority of possible outcomes will result in damage to the party image . 
  it 's not as simple as that though . 
  well , it would be if planning permission were massively deregulated , but i digress . 
  with net igration figures fluctuating as much as they are , a centrally planned housing/public services policy will not be able to accurately project and meet demand . 
  migrants do n't need houses , schools and hospitals after a few years of paying taxes , they need them right away . 
  as it stands , our rate of house construction just about cancels out migration figures at the moment , given the average people per house is 2.1 . 
  now , you can start granting planning permission for more housing estates , and a few years down the line those estates might be complete ( planning permission proceedings take time , meeting building standards takes more time too ) , but in the meantime the migration figures could rise or fall quite significantly and you 're either still facing the same problem , or you 're massively overbuilding and the housing bubble bursts , wiping the value of assets and lowering the standards of living for everyone , which is especially not great given that our economy 's about the size it was back in 2008 . 
  and that 's just housing . 
  overbuild schools and hospitals , and you 'll face wage compression on public sector workers who have seen their real terms income drop in the last 5 years as supply outpaces demand . 
  beards everywhere . 
  as time goes on , the beards get bigger . 
  always more beards . 
  ideas are ideologies, 
  ahh we 're under no illusion of that here in the uk , tower hamlet is a no go zone for democracy, 
  ireland 's stellar economy was referred to as the celtic tiger once upon a time , 
  i 'm now worried about the company i keep , are these not common words ? 
  like the snp, 
  who says we are n't still doing that ? 
  i mean , we 've got a shadow cabinet and everything , 
  disregarding the tone of the article , there 's a plethora of work from home office jobs he could do `` anonymously '' these days . 
  we also bash the other countries in the union , the other counties and cities , villages and our neighbours . 
  it 's just in our nature . 
  yep . 
  i 'm willing to compromise my morals to bring the state closer to home , yes . 
  [ then they 're telling the story incorrectly ] ( https://www.judiciary.gov.uk/about-the-judiciary/the-judiciary-the-government-and-the-constitution/jud-acc-ind/judges-and-parliament/ ) . 
  because parliament 's sovereignty 's not unchecked . 
  it 's derived from the monarch 's sovereignty . 
  can confirm , us staying in the eu by way of referendum will not stop me espousing the virtues of leaving . 
  it 'll just entrench my disdain for democracy further . 
  dunno if it counts , but i 'm pretty sure lolita 's the only literature of vaguely russian origin i 've read . 
  a year 's 365 times longer than a day . 
  in any case , it 's not like constitutions are immutable bastions of law that are unable to be circumvented , if we 're going down this route . 
  sure , but what reason is there to believe that a post-exit uk would n't be in the eea ? 
  they are not . 
  judges in the uk can rule that laws passed by parliament are unlawful in and of themselves . 
  the big issue arises from the act being called the human rights act . 
  people hear that the hra is being scrapped and they are led to believe that human rights are being scrapped . 
  it 's all much ado about nothing . 
  move to a country not in the eu , just in case the uk leaves the eu ? 
  that ca n't happen with our setup . 
  both the lords and the monarch can veto bills . 
  british court . 
  the mechanism came from strasbourg though . 
  yea the judges said it was the long term relationship with a resident . 
  it 's difficult for me to say really . 
  i work on amazon integrations and i 've been bouncing between the french and spanish integrations recently . 
  that being said , the employees i speak to most outside the dev department are the italian team . 
  unless you 're on about figures when you say most spoken , then it would be spanish . 
  the impression i get is that the [ public ] motive behind it is to prevent spurious blocking of deportations , like that highly publicised one where the human rights act prevented the deportation of an illegal immigrant because they had a long term relationship , or a cat , depending on who you hear it from . 
  so only the drunk pensioners are welcome now ? 
  no , i get that , but i was just expanding it to majorities as well as pluralities .
