  it could prove useful and financially viable as a countermeasure if the only alternative is losing a ship . 
  i found in the little time i spent learning dutch that dutch and english are similar enough in grammatical constructs and semantics to make learning the other easier . 
  which probably helps too . 
  a _ lot _ of money was ploughed into the thanet south election . 
  the tories spent ~ # 29,050 in thanet south when the legal limit is just over # 15,000 . 
  they spent almost all of the legal limit on hotel bills , let alone everything else . 
  i do n't know how much the other parties and organisations spent , the tory bill was newsworthy , but campaigning was heavy all round . 
  i smell a tax haven brewing, 
  seen positively , as a relic of the past . 
  no one wants the empire to return . 
  you could probably have got there for that sort of price flying . 
  the us rail network is just not a practical way to travel . 
  as for the uk , modernising is a prohibitively expensive complete infrastructure overhaul , and any attempts to even begin it ( ie hs2 ) are damned for being so expensive by the same people complaining about the ticket cost and poor quality of rail in the uk . 
  naturally , because we 're not allowed to prioritise domestic companies . 
  it 's not , though . 
  as expensive as it is , the railways have improved dramatically since they were privatised . 
  as in , you can actually catch a train now . 
  it 's been a disaster if your memory does n't trail back as far as 1994 . 
  the amount of money spent to ensure that , though , is staggering considering it 's essentially on one person . 
  it 's so good the beer literally melts in your mouth . 
  the odds would be worth putting a lot of money on if you knew it 'd pan out , given that the number of reported racist incidents is three orders of magnitude lower than the population . 
  they should vote for someone who 'll build a wall to keep it out . 
  i 'm not so convinced . 
  it 's not like there 's a strong political impetus in the larger parties for electoral reform since the demos rejected av ( unless the snp decides to run in more than 59 seats ) . 
  when i was 12 , there was a survey presented to my village asking , if our village were to have a bypass , would we prefer it to be at the north side of the village , or the south side of the village . 
  naturally , those living in the north side chose the south , and those living in the south side chose the north . 
  the parish council used the results to go to the district council and say `` yes , we 'd like a bypass . '', 
  every choice that 's been presented to the people since has played out in an incredibly similar manner . 
  i do n't trust the people voting , and i do n't trust the people presenting the vote . 
  to me , this was clearly the only referendum that would be presented before i 'd be in the demographic that people my current age would be arguing should n't be allowed to vote any more . 
  to be honest , i do n't think the knowledge would have made much difference . 
  experience of beaurocracy likely led people in the know to conclude `` brexit without a plan '' or `` no brexit in my lifetime . '', 
  that 's information saturation for you . 
  brits and americans got their opportunities to express it this year , but it 's happening to every country with enough internet-connected people . 
  no we ca n't !, 
  referenda do n't work that way , they 're a direct poll of the populace . 
  is that a deliberate policy , or incidental ? 
  if the people in scotland who voted leave voted remain , remain would have won . 
  you did n't get dragged in to it . 
  it 's fine , once they 're in brum they 're trapped . 
  foreign students also probably benefited from wealthy parents and private education . 
  it costs _ so _ much money to study in the uk if you 're not from the uk . 
  most of those people partying were n't even alive when she was pm . 
   i think the uk needs to start a hug your ( non-uk ) european friends initiative to share some love :-) ugh , this is the lasting legacy of cameron . 
  no more physical contact schemes !, 
  we ca n't , because once article 50 's triggered it 's gon na take 2 years to clarify that we do n't have single market access . 
  well , defying the laws of physics would just make him confident . 
  denying , on the other hand ... , 
       2b ) voting for uk leaving the eu while the politicians pushing for brexit have zero preparation for brexit = insanity     had the lovely ukip folks or boris or anybody presented proof of a detailed plan before the vote , then it would have been a different story . 
  the kindest way of describing the uk 's decision to leave the eu is courageous . 
  simple fact of the matter is that this was probably the only chance the populace would get in their lifetime to leave the eu , plan or not . 
  ukip forming a plan would be pointless as they ca n't enact it without being in government , and the conservatives could n't just hand douglas carswell the reigns on the 24th of june . 
  blame for the lack of a plan falls entirely on cameron 's government , who forbade conservative mps or the civil service even thinking about a brexit strategy in the 18 month run up to the referendum . 
  so what if they call you a virgin or fascist ? 
  it 's laughable to call libertarian ideals fascist , i just laugh every time someone calls me one . 
  it 's just words , it 's not like you 're being locked up for it, 
  wonder if it 's the extra couple of minutes we have to drink it due to the higher mains voltage . 
  never felt the need to take a hot drink out the house with me , if i 'm in a rush it 's cool enough to down on the way out . 
  i expect londoners are more concerned with goldsmith 's mayoral campaign than his party 's eu policies . 
  we had a lot of vacated infrastructure 60-65 years ago , for some reason, 
  the only tool the people who feel like there 's too much immigration had was the referendum . 
  scotland does n't get much in the way of immigration at all . 
  they 're 96 % british , and if you include irish who we practically share citizenship with in a legal sense , it goes up to 97 % . 
  we 're talking about europe , not global xenophobia though . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't think as a nation we 're that fond of our ex-pats either, 
  if you 're talking about developing artificial sentience , then yes neural nets are the most likely route to succeed in the endeavour . 
  but ai is not just neural nets or sentience , it 's a broad scope covering things like genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic , also , and they have their places - fuzzy logic in automatic gearboxes and motor controls , for example . 
  not to mention ai is n't just neural nets . 
  mayhaps , but my debt profile reduced by a similar proportion . 
  we have some basic statistical analysis in our maths curriculum , that gets a bit more advanced if you proceed with maths to a level . 
  margin of error i believe is covered in the basics ( it 's a long time since i did it now ) . 
  it 's not so much the id cards , it was the sheer volume of information blair wanted on them , and the underlying database structure . 
  the entire plan was designed for silent feature creep ( for example , using iris scanners on doors to alert police when someone wanted entered a building ) . 
  for what it 's worth , most councils fund wall and cavity insulation . 
  suggest it to your landlord , 
  it took us a long time to rebuild < _ < fwiw brutalist structures are slowly being demolished . 
  depending on perspective , perhaps not morally or logically , but in practice even in recent years the house of lords has proven valuable in curbing the excesses of the house of commons . 
  they 're much more concerned with historical practices and constitutionality than the house of commons ( excepting of jacob rees-mogg ) is . 
  if you 've interest in how it all works , house of lords sessions are televised and markedly different to house of commons sessions , so the differences are very apparent . 
  yeah , and that wonderful no fly zone in syria , where the russian military flies ... 
  yeah , what about the starving kids in africa ? 
  the former . 
  my mood 's also taken a post-brexit slump , given the miserable weather . 
  it 's not a weird lack of empathy , it 's that brexiters are likely to believe that the dissolution is ultimately a good thing for the citizens of its constituent countries . 
  i guess it 's a matter of differing priorities , but it 's not a lack of empathy . 
  their own feet , 
  bojo - is - of the governing party . 
  because he was not of their party . 
  the thing is , anything he suggested would not be viable to be used by the governing party , because he suggested it . 
   no one bothered to properly plan out even one of the possible results of the uk leaving the eu it 's not even that nobody bothered to plan , the civil service were expressly forbidden to plan a brexit in a case of leave winning the referendum , for fear it made remain look weaker in the campaign . 
  cameron intentionally crippled us hoping that it would shift votes to remain . 
  the precedent was set with the scottish independence referendum - no did n't get a supermajority there either . 
  all the brits interested in rafting probably moved to oz, 
  she _ is _ the queen of wales , yanno, 
  yeah this is more a dig at the labour party than it is relevant to venezuela specifically, 
  come on corbyn , it 's not hard . 
  learn from your predecessor . 
  repeat after me : these protests are wrong at a time when elections are ongoing . 
  but true socialists have been let down by both sides . 
  after this week 's complete social breakdown , i urge both sides to put aside the molotovs , get around the negotiating table and stop it happening again .
