  thanks to the common fisheries policy , 
  ukip , perhaps . 
  conservatives , no . 
  but , i 'll reiterate , this is about nigel farage 's character , not ukip as a party or their policies . 
  how exactly is this any more of a problem than 50 % +1 shitting on the 50 % -1 that did n't chose _ them _ though ? 
  and during the av referendum, 
  sure but we were n't talking about immigration policies , we were talking about `` normal '' people . 
  he looks to the euroskeptics what farage does to the europhiles . 
  well someone 's got ta provide the counterweight to guy verhofstadt . 
  we `` lost '' a fair chunk of it before the war and only held on to india during the war for strategic purposes , avoiding diplomatic requirements . 
  personally i see it more as gaining a commonwealth . 
  no one in my area is campaigning to end tyranny by plurality and i would n't trust anyone who ran on that platform, 
  no , periodic brigades cause spikes thanks to / pol / invasions . 
  / r/unitedkingdom 's policy of pseudo-shadowbanning anyone right of the swp has caused a relative wealth of right wingers ( not even kippers ) at / r/ukpolitics where differing opinions are permitted . 
  i was n't making out like it 's just that . 
  i 'm saying this would be _ yet another _ thing you could be locked up for joking about . 
  toying between spoiling my ballot and not turning up . 
  trying to work out if there 's a moral distinction , given i do n't want any illusions that i support the process that elected whatever 's coming our way . 
  ah , you mean what / r/unitedkingdom did to / r/ukpolitics, 
  nothing sinister , just gets people jailed for tweets . 
  i do n't think it even matters who your mep is . 
  meps do n't go to brussells to represent your region , they go to represent your country . 
  very few do much more than rubber stamp proposals anyhow . 
  it 's not , though . 
  all things considered , we take a hit of about 0.4 % of gdp . 
  insignificant in my eyes , but then i 've never made an economic case for leaving or staying in the eu . 
  i think that point could apply to domestic politics as much as european politics . 
  _ our _ politicians do n't get our consent to alter our lives and politics with the eu , so some want out of the eu to stop our politicians using it as a tool to beat us with . 
  i suspect that 's only possible because uk nationalism 's been actively suppressed after its more dark manifestations in the 80s . 
   there are no internet communities surviving in their original incarnation well , no large ones . 
  i 'm still in a few essentially closed communities from the late '90s / early ' 00s with the same makeup as they had back then . 
  oil does n't magically become food . 
  that 's got ta be traded too . 
  why should good men and women from [ insert country here ] die to protect the imperial legacy of [ insert other country here ] ? 
  much cheaper to evacuate the people of [ insert colony here ] , cheaper , fewer lives lost , and ends the nationalist talking points for [ insert other country here ] . 
  then we can stop worrying about superfluous-to-everyone-else crap brought up by [ insert other country here ] and they lose an arguement against federalising . 
  replied to the wrong person ? 
  tbh i do n't know if it 's indians or not . 
  everyone seems to have adopted the driving style , but i do n't see it outside my city . 
  but no it 's not just jumping red lights , the first time i was hit it was because someone turned left when they were n't allowed to and hit me whilst i was crossing when permitted to . 
  second time was a woman reversing whilst doing makeup . 
  i forget the others . 
  there was only one time where i was in any real danger of serious injury and fortunately i dodged that one because the people next to me screamed and i jumped back - someone went through the red light at 40mph/64kph . 
  i know it 's just correlation , but my city has a very high proportion of indian immigrants and the worst drivers i 've ever encountered . 
  i 've developed an instinct for when cars are gon na run red lights now , half a minute before they inevitably do . 
  i 'm aiming to keep the number of times i 've been hit by a car as a pedestrian under 10 , 
  a little ? 
  the tin foil hatters have already been proven right on the matter of data . 
  it 's not a question of will it transmit our data to `` national securirty '' agencies , it 's a question of when will it start . 
  i never said the eu 's forcing the uk to stay . 
  i was quoting you verbatim . 
  you should n't be getting a nationalist vibe from me , leaving the eu is only of interest to me as a first step in getting the government as close to home as possible . 
  i supported scottish independence , and i still do regardless of what 55 % of the population there wanted . 
  the thought that 55 % of any given population can shit all over 45 % of that same population is anathema to my ideals so it 's logical for me to both call out your thoughts on forcing us to remain in the eu , and to have no interest in reforming the eu against the will of some of its members . 
  in my view , literally the only good thing about the eu is that it has protocols in place to leave , and that 's the one thing i 'd take from the supranational government and implant into national ones . 
  no hence why i said good will , not support for the union . 
  yeah , this article will foster about as much good will as the dire economic predictions aimed at scotland did . 
  no they should n't , but to lament the loss of # 6k a year because for whatever reason you take the foolish decision to actually pay for your tuition strikes me as odd at best . 
  not even ukip describes themselves as libertarian any more . 
  what 's more , i 'd imagine at least all the non-white british ukip mp candidates will be voting ukip . 
  no amount of saving would have left the coalition with less debt at the end than when they began . 
  the unrealistic goal was eliminating the deficit by the end of the parliament , which would only serve to stop debt increasing . 
  yeah of people who chose not to get a loan . 
  tuition fees loans are n't means tested . 
  the point of contention revolves around the barnett formula . 
  i do n't see why that could n't just be replaced also but it would appear in discourse that the two ca n't be separated . 
  any evidence that ukip wouold skip the referendum ? 
  apparently not . 
  40 years since the last referendum on europe . 
  if it happens i imagine both sides will see that as a winning situation by that point . 
  it does n't even eliminate the need for tactical voting . 
  i 'm not . 
  as a nation we do n't give a shit about our imperial past and as an individual i give even less . 
  my point was indeed that we ca n't enforce our will upon the whole continent - i 'm far more interested in the exit . 
  ukip 's been opposed to the eu for far longer than it 's been trying to win the votes of racists . 
  not everyone wants to leave the eu because of immigration , ukip 's numbers may have swelled since they appealed to the racists but be under no illusion that those people dwarf those of us who have other concerns . 
  the very idea of `` forcing the people of the uk to stay in the eu '' is one good reason to get as far away from you lot as possible . 
  so your idea of becoming a republic also involves stripping the royals of their assets ? 
  we 're not hoodwinked into believing we can reform british participation in eu . 
  either we reform the eu in its entirety , or the road 's paved to our exit . 
  i do n't understand how going towards anzac is isolationist ? 
  if they 're already shut on sundays , they 're not competing anyway . 
  i 'd lean towards singapore of the two . 
  china 's only just begun flexing its muscles in hong kong . 
  complex grammar and syntax was something tacked on to my curriculum because my school ( fortunately ) happened to have a teacher passionate about it . 
  most of my memory of learning english at school was mostly analysing poetry and literature , either for symbolism ( english lit ) or meaning ( english lang ) . 
  learning the language itself was mainly pressed through reading books with the parents , then demonstrating my capabilities to the teachers . 
  no clue how that extrapolates out to the entire country . 
  my experiences learning mfls in school was much more structured and enjoyable , save that one teacher i mentioned earlier who we had for 1 lesson a week for 1 year . 
  when applying for uni in the uk you have to write a covering letter explaining why you want to study the subject that you do . 
  it 's more about conveying passion than it is about language skills . 
  indians in leicester tend to live in the leicester east constituency , along with bangladeshis and pakistanis . 
  that being said , wealthier indians live in the usual middle class suburbs along with all the other wealthier people here . 
  i 'm a native english speaker and i can speak conversational french . 
  i 'm qualified to b1 level in japanese and am still studying on that front . 
  i used to be able to get by in dutch and german , but that 's slipped a lot because there 's just no need when after the first sentence the people i 'm talking to slip into english . 
  indian immigrants are required to pass an english proficiency test . 
  it 's essentially a foregone conclusion that they 'll have a better rate of english speaking skills . 
  ooh , where do we sign up to be balkans ? 
  i would n't mind being a sovereign individual .
