  i 'm not shooting up friends on the whims of people treating other people as units in a 4x game . 
  nonsense . 
  the coal and steel union beween france and germany prevented war between france and germany , that i 'll give you ( though the complete gutting of germany after wwii to make up for not doing that after wwi is as significant , if not moreso ) . 
  however , that is also _ all that was needed _ . 
  the eu 's prevented war between no one , it 's just a tumour leeching the prospects of europe . 
  that flagship is absolutely gorgeous, 
   i agree with blair , but outside of the uk ( maybe even within in actually ) he will be more remembered for the invasions with bush . 
  not as the middle east peace ambassador ? 
  colour me shocked . 
  you mean , the king who had an award winning film made about him just in 2010 ? 
  it would go to neither . 
  the reason it 's all in london is because our legal and taxation systems make it favourable . 
  france 's and germany 's legal and taxation systems are punitive to the financial sector . 
  does n't need to be companies . 
  i believe it 's the lorry drivers that are fined , not the companies they work for . 
  nope . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monotonicity_criterion basically , it allows for situations where not voting for someone is actually the better option if you intend on them winning the election . 
  which is ironic , given that britain looks like a little person sat on a giant toilet that is the continent . 
  it would work except scots is actually a language . 
  maybe . 
  depends who you ask . 
  bollocks . 
  replacing fptp with a non-monotonic system is _ not _ improving it , it 's just adding another level of gaming the system . 
  hsbc 's the bank that cried wolf . 
  i bet even journalists and politicians have lost count of the number of times hsbc has threatened to relocate elsewhere , but there 's a handy formula . 
  it 's x = 4y , where y is the number of years hsbc has been headquartered in the uk . 
  they do it like clockwork every quarter . 
  i doubt they even really give a shit about whatever strain of anarchism they claim to believe in . 
  they just want to fight something . 
  it seems our pastimes have been rubbing off on you, 
  hsbc has issued that threat every financial quarter for the last couple of decades , to be fair . 
  it 's become a complete joke in the last couple of years . 
  it used to be decent . 
  now it looks like a subsidiary of buzzfeed . 
  i 'd revert to a statist in a heartbeat if this happened . 
  there 's no hope of resisting lich thatcher . 
  yeah , that 's a service we offer to parents of british knobheads . 
  a week or two 's respite . 
  if the eu insists on regulating electric kettles , they 'd be far better off regulating the capacity . 
  an electric kettle is an immersion heater plumbed into the mains , it 's _ designed _ to exploit the `` wastage '' of transfer of energy , regulating the power consumption does nothing for carbon emissions . 
  kettles will always burn similar levels of power to heat similar levels of water to similar temperatures . 
  what changes is the load on the grid at any given moment . 
  to be honest this would be a non-issue if we got a couple more pumped storage power stations . 
  i 've heard it 's slowly being filled in with the bodies of calais migrants anyhow, 
  that 's just blackmail by a different name . 
  i was n't being serious , tbh , but it 's true that you do n't need a trade deal with a continent that 's burned down . 
  21 % then , my bad . 
  you just contracted the figure by 22 % . 
  in a short space of time . 
  we 've demonstrated the ability to swiftly switch from the eu to other marketplaces . 
  that 's not your point still standing . 
  the very concept of duty is bullshit . 
   britain nowadays seem to consider themselves as an island ( a bit far ) off the coast of the united states bollocks do we . 
  it 's more the middle of the atlantic , interfered with from both the east and the west and all we want is to be left alone . 
  feel free to continue doing so , the absense of competition 's seeing the company i work for grow 25 % year on year since we do n't just trade with the eu . 
  fuck it . 
  if europe burns , we do n't need a trade deal with them anyways, 
  like 42 % , and your figure 's only a handful of years out of date . 
  the polls are way too close for this referendum to ever settle things . 
  the only way things will settle will be if the eu publicly tells us to fuck off if we leave and then a government is elected that tries to get us back in . 
  we ended slavery when we had the means to at least attempt imposing our morals on other people . 
  back when the atlantic was our playground , we treated slavers as pirates and consequently did n't take a financial hit on it . 
  sure , it was the moral thing to do , but it was only really done because it was financially competitive to do so . 
  it 's really easy to pick up a lot of stuff in supermarkets from around europe . 
  from the stuff you ca n't get , my favourite has to be broodje haring . 
  it 's obviously simple to make , yea , but you 'll never get it on a street stand , not even at the dutch stands at my local international food festival when it 's on :(, 
  nah , just the eloquence ( or lack thereof ) of the people saying it , and other people not wanting to hear it . 
  dr tomasz fryzlewicz had been working in the nhs for nigh on a decade before they even tested his language skills . 
  i suspect this issue is as much one of poor oversight as it is `` terrible migrant doctors . '', 
  to be fair , it 's because we used to say `` you should n't be doing this , you should n't be doing that '' and no one listened . 
  ukip 's stock no-votes is what people actually want these days . 
  i dunno , i spend about 15 minutes a day using anki and it 's serving me well . 
  i 'm actually retaining the stuff i learn . 
  gordon brown was pretty good at formulating response to crises , which is essentially what he was constantly facing whilst in power . 
  still did n't win him an election , 
  especially given some of the violent antics that have happened in parliament in the past . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is only really the way it is because they ban people of certain political persuasions if you post about it too often . 
  / r/ukpolitics actually has one of the most accurate representations of uk voting habits i 've seen on the web ( but do n't say that in / r/unitedkingdom ) . 
  it is silly . 
  it 's just there 's a discrepancy between the elected officials and the population at large . 
  personally , freedom of movement is the one thing other than ease of trade i 'd like to keep so the eea is pretty much ideal for me . 
  the benefit of bleeding the greeks dry was recovering some of the funds that otherwise would 've been frittered away like the rest of it . 
  in the case of debt recovery it makes sense - bailiffs do n't knock your door down to scare other debtees into paying up , they do it to recover lost assets . 
   whether uk can negotiate access to the internal market without bowing down and just joining the eea is probably the biggest question of brexit not as much as you 'd think . 
  the people do n't want it , it seems , but i 'd put my money on us joining the eea because westminster by and large would be happy with it and the people will be sated with the victory of `` leaving the eu . '', 
   no major eu company is desperate for the czech market . 
  that 's not what it would be about . 
  any trade deal would be based on the benefit/cost for the parties involved , and let 's face it , what 's the benefit of being vindictive to the czechs in trade negotiations ? 
  sure , it 's not as good as an independent currency but better than being fully committed to the euro . 
  yeah , same , if the price of freddos are anything to go by, 
  to be honest i get the feeling getting weaker politically is what a large portion of brits want . 
   literally the only thing we have from this relationship is the ability to jump ship quickly if the euro fails that 's a pretty sweet deal tbh . 
  wow . 
  that could be significantly undercut with a middle-man business in the uk that just highlighted products eligible for free delivery within the uk , and sent them on . 
  haha no , the eu is always at best the average of its sum . 
  what would have happened would have been that it would 've started with an exchange rate of 1.55 $ / # 1.00 rather than $ 1.60 $ / # 1.00 and very little else . 
   less than a year ago , if you called the media biased conservatives would all accuse you of insulting the electorate i do n't remember this at all, 
  individuals do n't ( ca n't ) own themselves once they die . 
  as far as the people go , we only got to choose joining the eec . 
  jeez .
