  i would spend all my time immersed in the music scene if i were there !, 
  right , so you feel empowered to make that decision for everybody else ... 
   why does n't he discuss his ideas as possible options for the whole of europe ? 
  why the focus on the uk only ? 
  to be fair we 've been doing that since the 70s . 
  the rest of europe has no interest in listening to us , which is why we 've gone for opt-outs and is why we 're at a point where leave and stay are neck and neck potentially 2 years before a referendum . 
  why not ? 
  i agree with applying the fundamentals everywhere . 
  you 're talking to one now . 
  unless you consider me breaking up with someone who killed a child of mine ( as is their right ) to be shaming that person ( and for some bizarre reason lots do , apparently i 'm not allowed to even privately consider abortion murder ) , i do n't treat people who get abortions any differently than anyone else , and i rarely even voice my opinion that abortion is murder . 
  by saying there should n't be a debate any more , you 're equating both the morality and the practicality of the issue . 
  i 'm under no illusion that abortion should be illegal ( i 'm ancap , of course i do n't want it to be illegal ) and i do think that the child 's rights end where the mother 's body begins , but i still consider the act of aborting morally reprehensible and i will not be able to continue loving someone who kills a child of mine . 
  right , but when you get down to the fundamentals of it , if it 's a requirement to feed a child somewhere down the line it 's a requirement to use your body to produce the food that feeds the child . 
  well to be fair , there 's a weird quazi-shared citizenship between the two countries . 
  for what it 's worth this is the first poll where the margin of error is less than the difference between the options . 
  or anyone else for that matter , or at least one would have hoped . 
  definitely . 
  to get stressed about something you 'd need to know about it , and i doubt before this was posted here many brits thought about it at all . 
  when people say healthcare tourism , what it conjures up in my mind is people coming for a 2 week `` holiday '' and showing up at a&e with a serious case of the cancer , or the iraqi refugees my aunt used to take in whose first words were `` doctor , dentist . '', 
  not someone fleeing persecution , that 's no different to a trip to a clinic in switzerland . 
  if anything it would be healthcare tourism . 
  i imagine the roi government will be billed for treatment , though whether they would pay is up for debate . 
   the same values that find it absolutely ok to shame and do n't care for women who abort . 
  that 's pretty damn presumptuous . 
  those are distinct things , you 're criticising people 's character for a moral stance when those things are not linked . 
  you think the few who protest outside abortion clinics represent the entire pro-life community ? 
  there would n't even be a debate about the issue if that were the case . 
  it 's funny how this right does n't exist when a foetus , but it does after birth . 
  it 's a crime to starve your child , and i bet if taken to extremes people would be forced into farming to feed others . 
  it is , but given the cost of raising a child it 's chump change . 
  you 're not gon na get bankrupted over # 150 . 
  but you 're right , yeah , there are no dead knights . 
  [ here 's sourced writing on it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal#alexis_jay_inquiry ), 
  finland 's beaten russia before ... 
  they were before the successive bans though . 
  hey , at least you know what watching our parliament is like , 
  maybe spotify does n't quite cut it , but youtube does for music . 
   think about how much myspace was probably worth in its heyday , vs how much it was worth when timberlake bought it for reference : $ 500mn vs $ 35mn . 
  that 's more likely a petition from that petition site about change that automoderator does n't like people linking to here, 
  i can go without netflix for a fortnight , thanks . 
  i do n't tend to visit other countries so that i might watch british tv shows . 
   i understand the emotion , but you ca n't start going and say i want cousteu but not mbeko for my french immigrants for example . 
  and i really doubt the uk actually wants to put strenuous restrictions on immigrants from france/germany/sweden / etc. . . we probably would . 
  it 's already difficult for non-eu migrants to get in . 
  however , if we wanted to discriminate between `` cousteu '' and `` mbeko '' i suppose the arguement with the broadest support in the uk would be to select the one with a degree relevant to the reason they want to come to the uk ( excepting spousal reasons ) , and an ability to demonstrate english skills at gcse c grade . 
  whether that selects cousteu or mbeko is irrelevant , but it would filter out a lot of refugees who fail to bring even personal identification with them . 
   how many opt outs does the uk need all the other ones , please . 
  it 's not even that . 
  it 's decades of sentiment growing in strength , cameron had to make the referendum pledge well before the current crises were common knowledge in the uk . 
  does n't matter , the referendum does n't let the people decide any deal on eventual uk exit . 
  hell , it does n't even bind the government into leaving the eu . 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  things get reclassified a lot , our mountains are usually so by a matter of inches . 
  it happens quite often in the uk , but i bet most do n't realise as it 's very easy when singing to sound native . 
  also , yanno , the songs are sung in english to target the anglosphere moreso than the world . 
  \u00d3l\u00f6f arnalds , from iceland . 
  no he has n't . 
  `` they suck the very soul out of language ! '', 
  there 's nothing the eu is doing right . 
  there are some things they 've achieved that i would also see done , but invariably they 're done through coercion so i ca n't support them . 
  pretty sure the national average is 6 a day . 
  no one earning # 4000/month is eligible for working tax credits . 
  ah no , in this case it was more likely they wanted to `` reset '' his speech so to speak . 
  make him stumble over his thoughts and fail to get his points across clearly . 
  uk conservatives : david cameron would be the lg paladin , as he sticks to his guns on his morals when his party disagrees . 
  george osbourne would be the cn bard , since he seems to be very capable in boistrous parliament and dishes out as much shit as he receives . 
  iain duncan smith would be the le warlock , his powers drawn from his dark soul . 
  nobody likes him but his capabilities earned him a grudging spot in the party . 
  boris johnson would be the cg druid . 
  well caloric requirements will be lower during summer , so presumably just less . 
  it 's entirely possible im getting this confused with how another country operates , it 's not easy to google , but i 'm reasonably confident this is the case for at least some sessions in the house of commons . 
  i doubt it would have been so for the leader of the opposition yesterday , however . 
  i 'm struggling to restrict myself at all to be honest . 
  but here goes a provisional list . 
  france - the country i 've visited most , as i can get by quite well speaking french and that makes me feel comfortable there . 
  wonderful people , wonderful food , a fantastically diverse scenery and they 're a country so integrally linked with my own through history that i 'm just able to relate with things pretty much wherever i go . 
  poland - i have many polish friends , and work with many more , they 're quite populous in my part of the city/the country . 
  they are really great people , and their attitudes on life are incredibly similar to my own . 
  i 've yet to visit , but it 's definitely in the works !, 
  polish culture 's also been somewhat adopted around here too , or i guess more accurately integrated . 
  i see a lot of polish influence in british things and vice versa , especially food . 
  this pleases me greatly . 
  spain - i was in lanzarote when spain won the euro 2008 competition . 
  i 've not had a more entertaining evening in my life !, 
  i 've not been to spain proper so i ca n't say for sure , but i believe the culture 's largely similar , and the people of lanzarote were so welcoming and inclusive , i almost felt like we 'd won too . 
  i ca n't describe just how enjoyable my entire stay was , there , getting to know people and their way of life . 
  it definitely makes me biased , i guess . 
  probably to prevent him getting his point across coherently . 
  difficult to make a point in a single sentence , and even more difficult to tie the context of two sentences if someone else brings up irrelevancies inbetween them . 
  requesting a right to speak from someone is usually used by people to further a speech - some great examples of this are the videos of jacob rees-mogg on youtube ( and i say great because i 'm a massive rees-mogg fan , no other reason ) , where he 'll give way for usually another conservative mp who will ask if he agrees with [ insert related point here ] , which can be used to both progress and extend the speech . 
  do n't worry about cheating , i 'm sure ireland 's just on a break anyhow , 
  i 'm a little shaky on this , but if memory serves in usual circumstances a speech is permitted to take 3 minutes . 
  giving way technically ends a speech , allows someone to interject , and then the person who gave way has right of response , which gives them another 3 minutes . 
  not convinced the concept 's ever really existed in europe . 
  we just used to have the benefit of the state being too small to properly police it pre-industrial revolution . 
  i got within 2 % of actual figures for everything but obesity . 
  which is weird because i actually knew the obesity statistic and very few of the others . 
  the university probably provides a decent quality of education - it 's the coventry bit brits will take issue with . 
  mind you , we 'd probably take issue with any town or city in the uk . 
  everywhere 's a shithole , especially where we live .
