  that 's less than a day of jail time per life taken . 
  i say such things against my will d : i 'm genetically obligated to denigrate the french . 
  not even the french want to live in france . 
  everyone who said france lied . 
  uh , is it not the same with white , black , and any other ethnic classification system ? 
  the head of state is still a briton , 
  not by me you were n't . 
  you ca n't just extract fragments of a sentence and isolate the context . 
  it 's one thing - intent to harm a muslim , not intent to harm , as well as harming a muslim . 
  their need 's nowhere near as great . 
  it has the word intended in it . 
  i 'll have to verify it tomorrow , i 'm not sure what statistic is relevant , but i just calculated the eu 's hfce and even with the uk in it is smaller than the us . 
  so what are you gauging the size of a market by ? 
  heh , john lydon , the `` anarchist '' - cum-labour voter whose most important issue is enlargening the largest publicly owned business in the world . 
  what message was that again ? 
  so long as i 'm not jaded by the time 2020 rolls around , i will not be voting , or spoiling my ballot . 
  i ca n't see that happening unless there 's a carswellian takeover . 
  i hope it happens , i might rejoin party politics if it does , but it 's not likely given that most ukip voters are not classical liberals . 
  the citizenship do n't get a say over when a referendum is called . 
  i 'm very much in agreement with you . 
  hell , if i had my way there would n't even be a referendum , the uk would just leave . 
  european union [ n 1 ] 18,495,349 [ 1 ] 1 united states 17,418,925 5 united kingdom 2,945,146 18,495,349 - 2,945,146 = 15,541,203 yes it is . 
  if we leave , the eu will no longer _ be _ the biggest market in the world . 
  what 's so special about europeans ? 
  do n't get started about the millions of polls , coming over here ... 
  i do n't think people 's view of the matter would have impacted the election results much . 
  the tories are seen as better at handling financial crises regardless of their origin . 
  the labour did it narrative is just an echo of the 70s . 
  some kind of putin joke maybe ? 
  a cursory check of a passport or id card . 
  if one of the border countries gets exasperated with the protracted nature of the refugee crisis and starts handing out citizenship , all ability to insulate our borders from anyone _ claiming _ to be a refugee from x crisis is gone . 
  we are , actually . 
  our public pension scheme is 6 % backed . 
  though that 's not an issue of being unable to truly fund it , but rather it being prematurely spent . 
  not just our biggest demonstration , _ the _ biggest demonstration , if memory serves . 
  cameron would risk losing a majority if he cooperated with the eu too much - large portions of voters , more likely than not to vote for a right-wing party , do not want to propose things for the eu . 
  they want out . 
  why ? 
  if you give the recipient countries too much money in a bid to match the amount per person from your country you give , you 're going to wind up damaging the countries with dependency issues . 
  ie , it 's not `` just a way to tell yourself you 've won gold at the aid olympics '' and i never said it was . 
  well fuck that . 
  throw your money at them if you want to . 
  your stance does nothing to even attempt to shift dependency issues . 
  how generous as a proportion of wealth strikes me as irrelevant . 
  the same amount of money will buy the same amount of stuff for the country it 's given to . 
  so if recipient country x is 10 times worse off gdp-wise than the uk , and they get all the money that the us and the uk give in aid , they 've received 30 times the benefit , regardless of how generous either country was in giving it . 
  surely the per capita value for the recipients is more relevant than the donators ? 
  can we settle a date at which point we 've repaid what we did ( civilise , industrialise , too , not just `` rape '' ) ? 
  i do n't see how it 's ironic . 
  we have no colonies left , we granted them independence largely rather than them having to fight tooth and nail for it . 
  i do n't see irony in that , i see lessons learned . 
  i also agree with / u/mashfordw , and i do n't feel european , but the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  using the pull we may or may not have , in my eyes is dictating to other countries on what they want to do . 
  i see the eu as a method of dictatorship ( hell , i see democracy as tyranny of the majority , so maybe my perspective on this is coloured by that ) and britain throwing its weight about to get its way in the eu is not something i feel many one . 
  _ that _ would be ironic , given that the one thing we want most is for others in the eu not to do that to us . 
  no , it 's a private agreement between france , the uk and belgium . 
  i presume by legalisation you mean liberalisation ? 
  no legal structures in an anarchic society . 
  i do n't know what your current political issues are and i barely know who is even running for 2016 ( there 's been a lot going on in britain recently ) . 
  that said , i 'm a big fan of the us . 
  the people , the landscape , large swathes of the constitution , though i gather i 'm in the minority on that last one . 
  you could do with some tort reform though !, 
  you argue it by differentiating between positive and negative rights . 
  those that would be slaves have a negative right to their liberty , the slaver lacks a positive right to slaves . 
  bearing arms is different from shooting someone , there 's no conflict of interest , both being negative rights . 
  donating money is a negative right , being heard would be positive one . 
  insulting someone is a negative right , living free of fear and humiliation would be a positive one . 
  basically , positive rights do n't exist . 
  pie in the sky opinion . 
  the moment language is used , bias is injected because you get to choose your words from a list of them that all carry incredibly similar but nuanced meanings . 
  news reporting literally can not be unbiased . 
  compile a list of foods you think we 'll enjoy , and we 'll consider this union . 
  greece do n't really have anything to recover to . 
  they were never as well off as they claimed they were . 
  the money 's gone , i 'm afraid . 
   which peeked during the last government no it did n't . 
  the figures released in the last couple of weeks suggest it 's still on the up . 
  sorry for your downvotes , worldleader , the strategy is working well . 
  you seen how big the us population is ? 
  largely armed , and living literally on top of the supply lines for the us military . 
  because we have no control over our waters . 
  if everyone fished in their own waters then their conservation policies would be enforcable . 
  that 's the lion 's share of what the uk wants , too , at least as far as i get the impression . 
  when hypocrisy 's retroactively made a crime in international law . 
  it 's not that we do n't care , it 's that we do n't believe we are in a position to , nor have the right to , dictate to others what they do . 
  so rather than argue the case for changes which would impact all member states , we would rather argue for opt outs . 
  i do n't mean the crisis itself , i mean how the eu dealt with it . 
  it 's seen as undermining greek democracy , which is a new perspective for the left but something that the right 's been arguing the eu would do for decades now . 
  the right kind of expected the greece situation to play out as it did . 
  the left were shocked . 
  is n't the border juxtaposed ? 
  it 's britain stopping them , is it not ? 
  it contains a trade agreement , which would have to be negotiated with the eu rather than ireland . 
  i do n't think many brits really care about that . 
  i get the impression a lot of us are _ tired _ of mattering . 
  it 's a step in the right direction at least . 
  was n't aware of that . 
  jeez . 
  well , at least that 's only really feasible under a labour government . 
  the tories would need a majority of over 100 seats to avoid a backlash high enough to get a vote of no confidence .
