web development , specifically php . 
  i can get paid four times as much in real terms in places like hong kong , the us and canada , whereas the cost of living is cheaper in 2 out of 3 of those places and only twice as much in the other . 
  it 's always a net gain . 
  i do n't think british youth are taught enough how to negotiate their salary , so employees here can just laugh off those of us that try . 
  but they also forget how small the world is , even though they bought their shitty code they want us fixing up from india and china in the first place :p, 
  i have 5 years relevant work experience in the field now , and the best job i 've landed paid # 18,000 a year for 45 hours a week , which works out at # 7.69 an hour . 
  so i said fuck it , approached my uni and i 've got some lecturing work starting next january , i 'm saving up to move elsewhere in the world where my skills are appropriately compensated . 
  have ukip even stated policy on eu migrants currently living in the uk were we to leave the eu ? 
  i wish that having a bachelor 's degree meant you worked in well paid careers . 
  instead i 've worked 2 months of the last 18 , those 2 months in a high stress high tech environment for less than i could earn at a supermarket . 
  i 'd be really surprised if britain leaving the eu actually caused problems for you staying in the uk . 
  there are just too many eu migrants here to simply kick out or require they claim a work visa , the overhead alone would be ludicrous . 
  otoh it seems to be in british nature to understate things all the time . 
  even our greetings are drifting towards `` eh '', 
  as i understand , the probe is a daughter ship . 
  if it 's a comet it never underwent the extreme pressure that came from being part of a planet , so the material should be quite malleable . 
  probably more , i doubt many pensioners migrate to the uk . 
  everyone hates everyone else here ( uk ) . 
  it 's culturally ingrained , i think . 
  i went to a countryside school , cliques formed around villages , and within those villages what side of the post office you lived on mattered too . 
  even the street i grew up on , there were social groups formed based on whether you lived in an even numbered house or an odd numbered house ( all the families in odd numbered houses were wifeswappers , i 'll hear no different ! ), 
  i was under the impression that that has been the case with most fruits for centuries now . 
  grafts rather than seeds , so that they do n't mutate away from the desired qualities . 
  the joys of democracy . 
  it 's absolutely something westminster can just sweep away . 
  would that it were family guy . 
  a friend of mine was wiped out by this method :p, 
  but you 'd feel safe with the state killing citizens ? 
  it 's nothing to do with pc . 
  it 's just how the words are used in british english . 
  chances are it 's made without hfcs in the eu . 
  depends on if you 're paying by card, 
  all your countries come to the international food market here in leicester ( uk ) every few months . 
  you 're responsible for me being all but bankrupt , but in the meantime i have an entire continent of the best foods , and friends from all over !, 
  so thank you guys for making life awesome, 
  if only genetics worked that way :(, 
  yeah i can agree that there was n't austerity , spending was shrunk by 2 % and `` too much , too fast '' carried a lot of political weight for a long time . 
  but still , it 's not exceptions if you do n't subscribe to the system in the first place . 
  except we are being forced . 
  that 's the very nature of democracy . 
  you were right that it 's tyranny by majority , just go a step further and realise that democracy and tyranny of the majority are one and the same . 
  well they regulate practically every other individual item in existence , why not pass regulation on the press too ? 
  are you conflating rules and guidelines , there ? 
  even though the rulesguidelineswhatevers are n't even ruled/guidelined/whatevered to britain because we 're not in the eurozone ? 
  i think things are being lost in translation . 
  in ( british ) english , a rebate is a return of funds overtaxed . 
  the one month timeframe 's a biggun . 
  i hope they mean elective circumcision foisted upon children by their parents or religious leaders . 
  circumcision is sometimes a medical necessity , and elective circumcision is fine when the person electing to have it done is the one it 's being done on . 
  everyone 's favourite chancellor of the exchequer ? 
  i think it varies in different families more than anything . 
  i 'm doing my bit . 
  much prefer prosecco to champagne . 
  i do n't think so . 
  hydroelectric generation 's really impressive ( we use it a lot for peaks in demand , like ad breaks in popular tv shows ) , and given that this is a tidally powered reservoir , nice and efficient . 
  once the proof of concept is built i 'd expect it to become financially competitive too . 
  that 's when bp apparently reverted to british petroleum . 
  your voting for policies which affect britain is seen by us ( euroskeptics at least ) as destructive behaviour . 
  disrupting eu parliament is self defence , not malice . 
  yea , the gulf oil leak fixed the abberation . 
  yea . 
  i 've found a couple here in leicester . 
  they get loads of accolades , but not all that much custom . 
  lib dems have supported the notion of a referendum , confident that we 'll vote to stay in . 
  labour have fallen back on the `` transfer of power will trigger a referendum '' which is just a platitude to cover up the fact that they do n't want one . 
  not all that different to now . 
  there would n't be an us . 
  i ca n't imagine people disillusioned with westminster will particularly see brussels as a good alternative . 
  if westminster 's considered remote , brussels might as well be the moon . 
  would be nice if curry houses here served indian food . 
  it 's also the second best source of light all year round, 
  stable financially perhaps , 
  and point and click adventure games . 
  here are some more , though without a list of what they 've made since i really ought to be going to bed . 
  psygnosis/studio liverpool , splash damage , sensible software , jagex , bug-byte , and eidos . 
  many more i could think of i 'm sure , but those had the biggest impact on my memory apparently . 
  your answer 's as good as mine . 
  if i had my way , governance 's borders would match those of houses . 
  you 'd probably benefit from seceding , yes . 
  i wish boris would run for president d :, 
  it 's happened a lot here in the uk . 
  probably not all that much with fgm though , but it will be a component . 
  yeah i do n't disagree with the points you 're making . 
  just trying to counter the cookie cutter `` stupid us always making things about stupid us in glorious europe subreddit '' comments . 
  / u/lolmonger did nothing wrong either . 
  in response to / u/revee bringing it up, 
  do n't think / u/revee is american . 
  i always thought that was a ben folds five original : o, 
  it 's certainly not how it was sold in the uk . 
  yes , but the government ca n't force companies to employ people if they do n't want to . 
  if they cut employees to cover the costs of the wage increase , there 's little that can be done about it . 
  there 's also no reason why they should have to take a cut in their profit , either , though . 
  they have an obligation to maximise profits for their shareholders . 
  may we persist in ruling the waves . 
  born in copenhagen . 
  trident existing _ is _ it being used . 
  for its trade with the eu , yes . 
  we will not be required to meet eu regulation for domestic and non-eu trade . 
  that would be massively beneficial for us . 
  20 years maximum sentence .
