  i 've a sneaking suspicion it 's being put off for so long because it will lend credence to calls for having blair charged with war crimes , and the referendum is incidental in all that . 
  those people were willfully lying . 
  we 've never had free speech here . 
  this is n't drifting away from free speech at all , it 's just a perpetuation of bullshit . 
  yeah , no rights given by `` god '' would be respected at all . 
  you think that economists have n't read marx ? 
  it 's by far the most common text in relevant degrees . 
  the thing is , not everyone thinks that marx was right . 
  marx came to his conclusions after failing abysmally time and time again to invest the money he was given properly . 
  he rationalised away his own issues , he did n't perceive the truth of the world . 
  pretty much - telling that it had to go this far to be agreed to , and that it 's facing such criticisms , though . 
  i 'd be happy if the morons who signed that petition just disappeared , tbh . 
  it 's bizarre given that one of the most common arguements i hear for leaving not being the end of the world is `` germany wo n't want to shaft bmw/mercedes by blocking trade with the uk . '', 
  that 's kind of the opposite . 
   the biggest contention point has little to do with ` reforming the eu ' : it wants to allow britain ( and only britain ) to deny certain benefits to eu migrants . 
  that 's it . 
  what ? 
  as far as i can tell , the reforms are available to everyone . 
  we 're just the only country in the eu that offers benefits as a statutory right rather than using a contributary system - nations could opt into it if they met the prerequisites , that they do n't . 
  every opt out we 've negotiated so far has been utilised by other countries . 
  the benefits reforms just brings us in line with other nations in terms of how benefits are offered , without completely scrapping our current system . 
  _ schedules shutting the thames barrier with the subs inside _, 
  whatever means to see fit to . 
  there 's no real answer to this one unfortunately . 
  pollution is also a violation of property rights , but without a demonstrable cause and effect between two parties , who do you seek restitution from ? 
  for the environment specifically , the land is owned so the landowner can deal with the pollutors in whichever manner they see fit , but airborne pollution is an entirely different matter . 
  the concept of legality would cease to be a thing without a government arbitrarily deciding to implement it . 
  murder 's a violation of property rights , it 's innately punishable and you do n't need a government to handle that for you . 
  no one 's forcing you to move to obtain things . 
  one would hope you do n't need aircraft carriers to cover a 26 mile stretch of water anyhow , or there are more serious problems at hand, 
  you 're not trying to avoid anything . 
  you want something , so you should be the one to take the steps to get it . 
  to avoid erroneously accusing me of being a hypocrite , read up on the differences between positive and negative rights . 
  the burden does not fall on me because membership of the eu is just an application of the fundamental principle - one of property rights being violated . 
  i can not be forced to forego things to willingly forego other things . 
  i can be forced to accept things if i want to willingly accept other things , however . 
  if i wanted uk citizenship but not eu citizenship , then the case could be made that eu citizenship is a condition of uk citizenship , but i do n't , and i can not morally be forced to sell my house and move out of the uk to avoid it . 
  no one 's forcing you to leave a place . 
  dissolution of government structures is liberation , not a material change . 
  if you want to be a member of the eu , do it by obtaining eu citizenship , rather than forcing everyone who lives under the same rule as you to hold eu citizenship . 
  the latter . 
  but the former is n't hypocrisy , unless you 're equivocating opt-in and opt-out . 
  nope . 
  it 's a dictatorship of many rather than few . 
  if anything it 's worse , as it fools people into thinking it 's ok to dominate others . 
  ultimately ? 
  a society based on voluntarism rather than governance . 
  i 'll be arguing that the people should n't have the ability to force me into things i do n't want to be part of . 
  by not believing the same things as them . 
  i 'll dig out the study when i get home from work , but i believe it was based on a study of us college students using plethysmographs and interviews . 
  perhaps not , but there have been 11 towns with muslamic rayguns now recognised where a couple of years ago there were none . 
  i 've no intention of shutting up if we stay in , sorry . 
  hey !, 
  you take that back !, 
  the us is a large version of us !, 
  until they too come to realise that you ca n't reform it . 
  there has to be , the monarch is not supposed to express political opinions . 
  because the last time we had a referendum on eu membership was 1975 , and there 's been a strong voice for one since maastricht was on the cards and it 's taken this long ( ~ 25 years ) to get the current one . 
  heh , that was an amusing read . 
   the leave campaign seems to have no plan beyond `` let 's vote out and then think about what we want our relationship with the eu to look like '' . 
  largely because negotiations on that front ca n't even begin unless article 50 is invoked . 
  i 'm ok with it doing so . 
  all those qualities , except likable . 
  he 's got a decent rep in london , or he 's got a bad rep based off of marketing all ken livingstone 's policies as his own , depending on who you talk to . 
  [ also this ] ( http://www.eastlondonadvertiser.co.uk/polopoly_fs/1.1467382!/image/2809413633.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_630/2809413633.jpg ), 
  create a graph showing only non-eu migration on the page you linked . 
  there was a decline between 2014 and 2015 . 
  that being said , it 's probably not that notable , the gradient for the last 15 years is effectively 0 . 
  non-eu migration is falling . 
  you wo n't find many uk fishermen in general since the cfp . 
  or many north sea fish , for that matter . 
  fuck blaming the uk , blame blair for trying to include dna amongst 22 other forms of profiling in our id card scheme . 
  if it were ok to profile enemies of the state based on personality , blair would be top of the list . 
  which is why since the conservative majority a lot of steps have been taken to reduce it . 
   and not just any immigration , but unskilled immigration predominantly from muslim countries unskilled immigration , and muslim immigration , maybe , but not both in one package . 
  first generation muslim immigrants are highly unlikely to be unskilled because a ) there 's a language proficiency requirement on citizenship , and b ) there 's also a skills requirement . 
  second generation citizens might be unskilled , but they 're not migrants . 
  it 's not a legal framework or anything , but commonwealth citizens are more likely to be eligible for ancestry visas/citizenship . 
   nothing 's stopping companies operating an 8-4 working day if they want ... 
  indeed , the teams that deal with countries in +1 where i work , work from 8-4 and it 's all fine . 
  give it 20 years , the atrocities in ww2 will become much less bad too . 
   i wonder if there are some surveys about the population 's attitude to the empire i 'm not sure how useful it 'd be . 
  most do n't care enough to form a solid opinion , it 's just not relevant to modern politics yet still politics enough be be avoided like the plague by the masses . 
  bollocks . 
  people who vote are the ones who have no right to complain , because voting is tacit agreement with the result of the election . 
   scotland surely is a jolly different place especially when people refuse to even speak scots with you much less english . 
  how come the one difference concerns you , the other not ? 
  are you sure you 're not thinking of wales there ? 
  only 1 % of scots can speak gaelic , so they 'd have no choice but to communicate in scots or english . 
  what 's more , i 've never experienced a culture of refusing to communicate in english whilst in scotland , and in fact the person i speak to most frequently when in scotland is part of that 1 % and the most anti-english person i know . 
  areas where teachers have discovered the delights of artisan shops in ypres , and areas where they have n't . 
  it 's only a matter of time before the rest learn of those wonderful chocolatiers . 
  the eu is incidental in all that . 
  resources would have depleted maybe a little slower , but other than that the technological creep of the third world was triggered when the technology that allows it to happen was invented - the 18th and 19th centuries . 
  hell , almost all the stuff i value is manufactured in china with resources mined in australia . 
  at no point is the eu involved in that process - if europe _ could _ manufacture high end electronics on a scale large enough to satisfy european demand , it damn well would , and similar to cap it would have no qualms completely fucking over china to ensure that those electronics i own were mined , refined and manufactured within the borders of the eu . 
  the _ only _ reason it 's manufactured in china yet present in my home is because the eu is unrelated to it . 
  people were n't talking with folks across the continent on reddit back then . 
  no one was shooting at friends during the wars , because the people that could afford to form friendships across the continent were n't the ones risking their lives . 
  not that it 's a guarantee war would n't happen , but i doubt i 'm the only person my government would have to lock up for conscientious objection if our two countries go to war .
