  in a true libertarian society , anyone would be welcome . 
  including people who argue over language and gay marriage . 
  fortunately there ought be no government structures for them to force their languages and marriage regulations upon it . 
  nah , our national pride is in every british idiom we can use to fool yanks and any others who think they `` know '' english because they learned from the yanks . 
  yes , the potato famine was ketogenic . 
  worked well !, 
  you 're not making a good arguement . 
  you need to prove that they will care more , not that they will care the same amount . 
  why would national governments sede power to a supranational structure without the overwhelming pressure from a populace seeking a better deal ? 
  a lot of germans do speak english . 
  a lot of europeans in general . 
  wherever i 've been on my travels in europe , france aside ( and fortunately my french is good enough to make up for that ) , i 've been reasonably confident that my rudimentary grasp of the local language can establish a fluent english conversation more often than not . 
  once you get comfortable establishing that , you 're set . 
  all that said , i bet you 'd still feel more at home in new york . 
  you see a lot more of it in the media . 
  not particularly commentary , but it took me a very long time to stop reading the title as `` anti-american air missiles '', 
  then in europe nothing is free . 
  i do n't identify with my city , let alone my continent . 
  i 'm not a member of any group by any means other than legal requirement . 
  i was born a british subject and i was born a citizen of the eu , i asked for neither and they both mean nothing to me and never will . 
  i 've no interest in using 330 thousand people or 64 million people or 500 million people as an emotional crutch for my own baggage . 
  i do n't understand why the conclusion to be drawn should be that people who do n't experience immigration oppose it , rather than that immigrants do n't oppose immigration . 
  always a cost . 
  i ca n't imagine many ukranians looking east :p, 
  we did n't join the eu . 
  we joined the eec . 
  just over # 40 a quarter . 
  flat rate no matter how much/little we use . 
  we 're probably overcharged massively , it 's just me and 1 other person and we barely ever have the heating on so water 's only really pumped round for washing . 
  hms dauntless is afk for a few months though, 
  so maybe nuclear weapons are needed for an ideal world , 
  i do n't even see how it would impact exports for ireland at all , at least in the short to medium term . 
  until an independent britain diverged its regulations as such to preclude some eu products/services from import , which tbh i ca n't see ever happening anyway , then there are no barriers . 
  hmm ... 
  i thought it might have been a fun little project to visit all the bomb sites , but i do n't think i have enough lifespan left to do it all looking at that . 
  extract and contain it , energy should be cheap atm to reflect the low fuel costs . 
  personally ? 
  most ` round these parts go for crisps , nuts or pork scratchings though . 
  the vietnamese . 
  we should civilise him and his ilk with railway and opiates . 
  pretty sure it 's at least partly the bystander effect . 
  obviously only got an anecdote , but i sat down with a homeless person for an hour last week who had been ignored by pretty much everyone , but once i did loads of people came up and offered him support . 
  i 'm to presume europe will all be ordering the type 45 destroyer right ? 
  in true reddit fashion . 
  those things are beasts . 
  it should n't be . 
  way more people to kill , and you got ta kill two people to get the equivalent of one voter . 
  paris might be cheaper than london on rent , but their food is an order of magnitude pricier . 
  all forms of democracy are tyranny of the majority . 
  there have been talks about referenda since maastricht . 
  what 's more , my opinions are n't magically going to change overnight if a referendum fails to get the result i want . 
  it 'll fail because those who made it fail did n't see things correctly . 
  the idea that i 'm to stop hampering your efforts to drag the eu and consequently britain in a direction i vehemently oppose because you do n't want me to , on the back of vapid promises and circular discussions , is ludicrous . 
  it 's yet another arguement to leave . 
  show me where i can trigger a referendum and i will . 
  i do n't have the ability to leave . 
  so i will disrupt . 
  i dunno , if there 's one thing that could make hull worse it 's mugginess . 
  no way would europe have started a war with russia over ukraine . 
  we could 've done what you suggested without a 2 % spend from all nato members , but we did n't because we never would . 
  generally speaking , yes . 
  you can eliminate a lot of noise as human vocalisations have a distinct range . 
  it 's not a new thing though . 
  people who moved in 2001 knew this would happen to them in 2016 . 
  they 're trying to change something that 's always been the case , that they 've made a decade and a half of decisions based around . 
  i can afford to lose a month 's pay if i have an infinite supply of frog meat for the rest of my life . 
  not through choice though . 
  argentina invaded . 
  might excuse you when y' all learn to respond to emails the same week they 're sent . 
  if my experience communicating with french companies at work is anything to go by , the 15 minute nap 's not the problem , it 's the 6 hour lunch break :p, 
  ah , right then , let 's just ask them nicely to stop banning shit and things will all be better . 
  but we 've promised the poles we 'll help out if they 're hit by agressors from the east !, 
  this phrase could practically be punctuation, 
  barack 's used the stick way too close to the carrot , here . 
  this should have been tomorrow 's or sunday 's news . 
  i do n't think anyone values them more or less . 
  we 're just at different stages in their deterioration . 
  that 's been seriously throttled since the conservatives got a majority . 
  not so tough . 
  pissing off a french person is a far higher priority . 
  i suspect he meant more transparent . 
  headlines tomorrow : corbyn wants britons to be slaves, 
  tbh i always thought we run the world for hundreds of years because guns are better than spears . 
  it has a lot more to do with looking at numbers on paper , i 'm afraid . 
  i bet most people who complain about immigration have never even thought about where they 're coming from , just that they 're coming . 
  there 's no point arguing with juncker . 
  he 'll do whatever he wants to do regardless of if it is a yes , or if it is a no . 
  it means that it 's cheaper for me to travel in europe than places further afield . 
  well it was considered weirdly old for me to get my first job at 18, 
  people were expecting him to be a hypocrite in that he would support remain despite decades of preaching secessionist beliefs . 
  this land . 
  oh , i 'm not saying it 's insignificant , i 'm just saying that such referenda are emotionally driven and an outside influence trying to determine the result of a referendum on self-determination will not go down well , regardless of the accuracy of what they 're saying . 
  living in leicester , i guess it 's probably just whacking tandoori chicken or chicken tikka on a pizza with about 20 times too much salt in it . 
   you would still be subject to eu regulation if your companies want to export to eu countries that 's understandable . 
  i mean , that 's already the case in every country in the world is n't it ? 
  they only accept things that conform to their standards . 
  the difference is , at the moment we have to export eu standard goods all over the world . 
  given that we 're the most strictly regulated market out there when it comes to standards of products and services , that 's not too much of an issue , but it does mean that smes that find it prohibitively expensive to meet eu regulations could sell domestically in a slimlined set of regulations , or to outside-eu countries following potentially an almost blank sheet when it comes to regulation . 
   and it would probably end like in us or india , big companies would push government to sign the same regulations as eu does so small companies wouldnt have advantage on home market possibly the case , but i 'm not convinced that it 's probable . 
  given the downward trend in the percentage of our trade that occurs within the eu ( and the rotterdam effect masking it somewhat ) , i suspect large businesses would benefit more from shifting away from eu regulation than they would pricing smaller competitors out using eu regulation .
