  boots on the ground stop protracted events if they can make it there within a minute or so , but you 'd be employing a third of the country to the forces to manage that . 
  to expand on this , danes that come to the uk ( who do n't come for education , i 've only ever met danish students here ) will be competing for middle class jobs . 
  the middle classes have never thrown a punch in their life , they would n't know which end of a knife to put in someone 's neck and which end to hold . 
  even if they resent the danish competition , the most their lack of confidence will allow them is some muttered words behind their backs . 
  fear in general is an exaggeration of threat . 
  they got ta be doctors to get in the country these days . 
  or at least married to one . 
  even adjusting per capita , scotland gets a much lower level of immigration . 
  it 's logically less of a concern for them . 
  there have been plenty of stabbings , inclusive of a neck stabbing , where i live that only got attention in the local papers and on the bbc news website . 
  nothing since brexit , so i ca n't compare , but a lot of horrific crime i simply would n't hear about if i did n't read the local newspaper . 
   in the newspapers , a lot of the ` hate crime assaults ' have been using allegedly , because there 's no proof it 's a hate crime but they want to sell papers . 
  always happens . 
  take this very article . 
  the only thing that makes this a post-brexit assault is that it occured after the 23rd of june , but there 's a hell of a lot of implication in the title for a crime that has n't even been taken to court yet , let alone a verdict given . 
  no , but you did specify that private property has utility , so i refuted that . 
  why ca n't kin own a body ? 
  is sentimental value not value ? 
  how about religious value ? 
  property does n't have to provide utility , what are you on about ? 
  there 's a booming trade in bric-a-brac ... 
   according to article 2 of the european convention on human rights a person has a right to live , which includes doing all that is possible to keep a person alive . 
  so keep my organs in my body and freeze me until a point resuscitation is feasible . 
  i have a right to life , damnit . 
  try arguing that point with the religious . 
  the state owns your body , woo !, 
  at any point where these handsets are likely to be worth much at 25 % of retail value , they 'll still have statutory warranty . 
  people selling their damaged phones and getting much more than # 20 are actually losing out on a functioning phone :p, 
   are you saying that the uk should use the threat of crimes against humanity to force the eu into giving favourable terms ? 
  that wo n't work , and will only serve to distance us from our allies globally . 
  i 'm not saying the uk should do anything , just that this is the likely outcome of the eu raising tarrifs for the uk to several times that of any other country in the world it trades with . 
  there 's an arrogance in the uk that we 're above electing monsters , but in reality if we were plunged into a deep enough crisis it 'd happen . 
   you have no regard for the nhs and such services at all ? 
  you do realise that most of the country do not share your views , and will likely not forget such an action . 
  you remember what they did to the lib dems . 
  you 're further making assumptions about the economy and what will even be here at that point . 
  i 'm made well aware on an almost daily basis that my views do n't align with the uk , and even less so the eu . 
   ok , so we agree that your proposal is realistic . 
  but given this the uk would be in very poor position at the end of this process . 
  remember it was through populism and the electorate that this is happening in the first place . 
  once we leave the eu , i 'd like to leave the uk and afterwards my local council . 
  that the solution leaves the uk in poor shape initially is great for me . 
   i would hardly call what labour are going through business as usual , and what the end result would be is still to be determined . 
  furthermore there is a risk of a conservative majority for the next few terms , without threat . 
  with business as usual , i would argue that blair is the blip on labour 's recent history . 
  actually , that 's a good point , i had n't even considered economic migration as a factor . 
   that assumes you can manipulate tariffs as you desire , which is a big if . 
  furthermore the damage to the public sector and uk economy would be severe and there would be tremendous backlash from the public . 
  to an extent , tarrifs are manipulated by both parties . 
  if it wanted to , the eu could erect tarrifs that far outstrip the ability of the uk to adjust tax policy , yes , but at that point they 're a clear antagonist for a desparate country , and desparate countries elect radical leaders who might disregard the geneva convention . 
  at some point security will come in to play when debating a 50 % tarrif on all trade . 
  as for damage to the public sector and uk economy ... well , personally , i would gladly see the public sector rot and if the uk economy relies on it , that too , so i do n't particularly care . 
  the fixed term parliament act overcomes concerns of backlash from the public , and quite frankly if it was done at the start of a parliamentary term i could quite easily see the economy clawing its way back in that time from an influx of businesses setting up in a low tax environment and the disgruntled find themselves with jobs . 
   many economists agree that falling back on wto would be disastrous for the uk economy . 
  it would certainly destroy many of our industries that rely on imports and exports . 
  in isolation , yes . 
  falling back on wto would impact a significant portion of trade ( i read through the tarrifs to check how it would impact the business i work for , approximately 25 % of our trade would be hit by a 12 % tarrif ) . 
  what i 'm suggesting is a radical restructuring of taxation to accomodate it . 
  the reason it 's being claimed as disastrous , and the reason things are shaky at the moment , is because we have a political system that is resistant to parties willing to do such things . 
  what i 'm proposing is a solution , but not one that will happen . 
  any party that imposes it would lose too much of the centre ground , sending their party into an electibility crisis . 
  of course , considering the state of uk politics at the moment , that 's both business as usual , and not the end of the world . 
  a noticable portion of it will be foreign wealth brought in , rather than taken from the poor of the uk , yes . 
  competitive advantage does n't have to be linked by performance . 
  for example , we could be a terribly floundering country economically , but if we offset any tarrifs erected with a corresponding reduction in vat , it would cripple our public sector but make the uk just as competitive for trade with the eu as it was before we left . 
  if we did it to corporation tax ( we 'd have to reduce this further than tarrif rates to have a significant advantage ) , precedents in other countries suggest it would actually increase our tax takings as companies move their hq here for a lower tax profile . 
  the warning signs are because the government has not established in policy that it will do one or both of these . 
  it 's difficult without the negotiations going on beforehand , but with a comprehensive analysis of uk industry we could work out and prepare a viable tax reduction if we had to fall back to wto tarrifs . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault we lose the benefits of membership . 
  the problem is , the way the headline reads , the path of least resistance would be an attempt at hamstringing uk political procedures , because unless the eu has mechanisms to put constraints on the uk , there 's no way to stop the uk gaining a competitive edge . 
  unless the eu sets aside the differences of 27 governments and gets complete harmony on political objectives . 
  we 'll sell them opium and then they 'll have to trade with us . 
  naturally , if we went in with achievable goals we would n't get most of them . 
  you do n't vote for a government , you vote for a party . 
  a party forms a government based on a leader it elects . 
  both leaders and therefore prime ministers were elected by the party . 
  ruined it so bad that just as many people are going to university as before the raise . 
  you 're conflating what a positive right is . 
  a positive right is something others have to act upon to ensure . 
  its counterpart is a negative right , one others have to avoid actions that violate . 
  the only difference between a natural right and a legal right is that a legal right is actually a privilege , that can be withdrawn . 
  our infrastructure 's poor because we built the infrastructure when the technology was new . 
  upgrading something is never as significant a concern as constructing something . 
  same reason our rail 's so crap , it 's all victorian . 
  the big issue is that if you take number of houses built , net migration figures , and average people per house , the figures cancel out . 
  people keep saying brits do n't want the jobs that poles take , but i 've never actually seen anything to suggest that . 
  half the brits i know work in warehouses and half the poles i know work in offices . 
   a country like the uk may decide to restructure the way in which agriculture is subsidized , most probably simply keeping up huge producers and abandoning the smaller farm subsidies and incentives to organic agriculture if we were gon na do that we 'd have done it whilst in the eu as the cap favours larger farms . 
  they could sell all their produce to the uk and we 'd still need to import to make up shortfalls . 
  we have something similar , `` it 's like turkeys voting for christmas . '', 
  without 40 years of groundwork from sound reasoning , the anti-immigration people would n't even have had an anti-eu platform to exploit . 
  it 's patronising that my city council takes my money to spend on things i may or may not want , let alone anything else . 
  uh ... did you miss the part where i said the opposite ? 
  the powers do n't cover ssl so not likely . 
  the 1975 referendum implied it was strictly a trade relationship . 
  what 's more , there was a high percentage of people who voted in the 1975 referendum who also voted to leave last month , and more than a few of them expressed the fact that they were lied to in 1975 as a reason to do so on tv . 
  then we refuse to remove the brake , and get kicked out of the eea in a much better state to weather the change . 
  the eu 's been applying an emergency brake on us with regards to that for ages , given the incomplete state of the freedom of movement of services . 
  so what you mean is it needed to be for the eurozone , not the eu . 
  yes it woud .
