  we get 4 weeks entitlement standard , and most folks i know have the `` shit i 've got ta use my holiday or i 'll lose it '' conversation every year . 
  heh , note how he keeps britain distinct from europe in all that . 
  why would he be sad ? 
  you aim so low !, 
  the man 's a us citizen . 
  i 'd see him be president . 
  the thinking man 's trump . 
  copy the person who lives there . 
  in my house , shoes stay on , so the heating can stay off . 
  i agree . 
  we see eye to eye on a lot of things with regards to the eu , i hope you fare well with getting a vote when we set the precedent . 
  i love how he is happy to reiterate le pen 's claim that `` brexit would be marvellous -- extraordinary -- for all european peoples who long for freedom , '' yet does n't have anything to refute it with . 
  unless he genuinely believes that simply stating that he believes putin would agree with her is supposed to be a refutation ? 
  keep writing in the uk media , guy , every appearance you make will secure more votes for brexit , regardless of what you say . 
  you 're the embodiment of every issue we have with the eu . 
  if you 're going down to the individual level , the average american donates more to charity than the average western european . 
  there 's a stronger emphasis on private charity in the us . 
  prescriptions are # 8.20 . 
  it varies from doctor to doctor as to how i 'm treated , but generally speaking i 've found that they 're aloof from everything . 
  it takes me over a week to get an appointment with my gp , then i get 10 minutes with them half of which is spent going over things about my medical history , then running out of time half way through explaining what 's wrong with me . 
  just recently a doctor tried to prescribe me penicillin despite my medical records saying on pretty much every other damn line for the last 23 years that i 'm allergic to it - i had to be quite forceful with them on my insistence that i 'm allergic . 
  all they saw was that i 've quite the tolerance to erythromycin and oxytetracyclin now , not that it 's because they 're the only two antibiotics they can prescribe me . 
  i view tax as theft , so no amount of taxation would be worth it for healthcare in my eyes . 
  my dental plan is private and i have the best quality of care there , and it 's pretty damn cheap . 
  i 'm happy paying about 15 % more than nhs prices to avoid dentists that get commission for fillings and tooth removals . 
  right , but goods are n't valued at a percentage of gdp . 
  regardless of how much of the total wealth of the us they offer , they provide more functional aid than any other country . 
  is that supposed to be a counter ? 
  crime stats tend to be measured per capita for comparison . 
  the only unusual bit was that it 's a thursday . 
  in the uk , you 'll probably have more success claiming to be a freeman of the land . 
  cops do n't want the paperwork , so unless you 're being charged with something ( freeman of the land defences have never worked in court ) they 'll leave you alone . 
  if they 're persistent , you can hold them up for a couple of hours before they bring you in to shut you up . 
  funnily enough , tampons . 
  that would make sense yeah , but would probably wind up costing the taxpayer more to implement than it would save individuals , just to get it through parliament . 
  ok , this needs defuddling . 
  assume there 's no equivalent of the discharge of administrative responsibilities request in the uk . 
  to save # 900 on vat , a person resgisters as self employed making money selling power into the grid . 
  presumably , they do n't want to minimise their tax profile elsewhere or they 'd already have this sorted . 
  it costs like # 50 to get someone to go over your receipts for the tax year and sort out a self assessment tax return . 
  solar panels have a life expectency of 30 years . 
  so you 're looking at # 1500 in accountant 's fees to avoid # 900 in vat , or 30 hours to save # 900 - # 30 an hour . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's worth it . 
  i do n't know if there is an equivalent of that here in the uk . 
  however , paying someone ~ $ 100 a year to file paperwork for you defeats the point of avoiding # 900 . 
  that same workaround is probably already possible here . 
  chances are few would take it though - i 'd rather pay # 900 once than have the hassle of filling in self assessment for the next 30 years . 
  sure , and i do n't think anyone actually gets bothered so much as amused when foreigners _ do _ take it literally . 
  but this is a thread about norms which foreigners do n't get , so the idea that we should change the norm because foreigners do n't get it is absurd . 
  i 'm of much the same thought . 
  but the only way to ensure this is to require legislation preventing us being dragged in down the road . 
  i 've found poles are very quick to adapt . 
  why ? 
  almost everyone a brit encounters in britain understands they do n't actually want to hear your life story . 
  it 's pretty much a given that the response to `` alright ? '', 
  will be `` alright ? '', 
  so there 's no need to avoid conversation etiquette . 
   it 's key to understand french laicite that we have a strong hostility towards religion as soon as it starts trying to do politics how is wearing religious clothing in school at all political though ? 
  i do n't know why this is surprising . 
  they 're probably the big company most obviously operating at a loss of all of them . 
  you ca n't buy a decent idea for a campaign with an infinite budget . 
  a widespread poor campaign from the european commission would be a massive boon to the leave campaign . 
  machines like the spinning jenny . 
  so how about dumping it in the areas which have no oxygen ? 
  nothing lives there anyways becuase we 've already fucked them . 
  but what happened in chernobyl is they put an idiot in charge :(, 
  just put a solar ribbon on the moon , that 'll generate enough for earth . 
  i would n't put too much faith in that . 
  even if we had battery tech that beats out gravitational potential based storage , it 'd be too expensive to manufacture with dwindling resources , compared to just digging/using holes in hills . 
  there was an episode of numberphile about this . 
  the danish system is unusual , yeah . 
  but there are _ far , far _ weirder ones too !, 
   it just seems natural to me that more educated people are less willing to waste their time posting pictures of their meal to instagram or reading what kim kardashian thinks about donald trump in 140 characters . 
  well if that were all social media were for then maybe you 'd have a point . 
  sure , but resistance to antibiotics we currently use was always going to come soon . 
  this is n't the reason for the housing shortage in london at least . 
  you can sit on land pretty much anywhere in the uk and watch its value rise as the housing crisis exacerbates . 
  why put all that effort and money into building houses when more and more people ca n't afford to buy them , if the profit margin 's the same without doing so ? 
  i , and i get the sense many other [ euskeptics ] , are not interested in being the lapdog of the us any more than we 're interested in remaining in the eu . 
  tired 's not the right word , but it 's the closest i can get whilst i am myself tired , but i 'm tired of this endless need for influence and strutting around the world stage . 
  not an endgame , but i 'd like to see the uk shrinking its role in the world down to protecting itself and its territories . 
  engage with other nations in trade , nothing more . 
  the idea of a dichotomy between insignificance in the eu or insignificance under the us is n't true - i 'd sooner choose simple insignificance . 
  britain 's good at trade , and it 's good at negotiating trade deals with nations of all sizes and levels of influence . 
  that 's enough for us . 
  hell , it 's what we were told what eventually became the eu would be . 
  well to be fair the only thing we 're screwing ourselves on is the timescale . 
  this was going to happen in the 21st century whether we recklessly used antibiotics or strictly rationed them . 
  well taken in isolation it might not be clear - poland 's not as developed as the uk is . 
  leicester 's the second poorest city in the uk , and we have some of the cheapest houses available in the country . 
  we 're not representative of everything but london . 
  it would , but i imagine a notable portion of those would not be classified as unemployed anyhow , as they 'll be students . 
  if you 're not too materialistic , then the experiences are definitely doable . 
  we 've got a pretty high cost of living here in the uk but with my below average wage , thanks to living in one of the less well off areas of the country i have enough disposable income that i could afford a lavish weekend in london every weekend ( assuming i skimp on the hotel , but who wants anything more than a bed in a city that never really shuts down ? ) . 
  not that i do that , but i could afford a holiday anywhere in europe or slightly further afield every month , or a gig every weekend , if i put my mind to it . 
  basically high cost of living + higher wage will always be better than lower cost of living + low wage , since you can downgrade . 
  even if you only set aside 5 % of your wages , if your wages are 4x what you 'd earn in bosnia then you 're setting aside 4x as much spending power should you want to move back at any point . 
  basically . . go for it man . 
  worst case scenario , make sure you have 100 $ set aside for a flight home . 
  iceland .
