  it 's literally the same process . 
  having a gun does n't cause violence . 
  shifts in gun control levels do n't correspond with shifts in violent crime . 
  regulations . 
  green belt as you said , but also restrictions on heights of buildings and what views can and can not be obscured . 
  london 's not allowed to build particularly tall buildings . 
  to be fair , when you count net migration figures , annual new builds , and average number occupants per house , they cancel each other out . 
  not that that means end migration , but it does play into the hands of people that moan about it . 
  the definition of london is a bit smaller than you 'd otherwise use to actually make that the case . 
  two million marched on london against the decision to go to war in iraq . 
  was n't until 8 years later we withdrew . 
  protesting do n't do shit . 
  significantly . 
  something something pig 's head something something something fucking dianne abbott something something they 're nothing , they 're fools , they 're wastes of time . 
  was that an option ? 
  if not , i probably wrote it in below/over the options . 
  not a cloud in the sky here today :d, 
  `` not a veto . 
  it 's not a veto . 
  this is not a veto . 
  ok , right , cool , gotcha . 
  i anticipate headlines reporting an incredible 300 % growth rate in support for eu subjugation tomorrow . 
  us voting to stay in the eu wo n't suddenly make us get on board with the whole eu thing . 
  pretty sure the only person in the uk wholly on board with subsuming britain into the eu superstate is / u/xnicolex, 
  if folks wan na pave a road to hell , they 're free to do so in an ancap society regardless of the nature of their intentions . 
  you can buy stamps you do n't need to lick . 
  though i would n't mind a gin-based adhesive stamp . 
  well the wto deal 's not too bad . 
  if we fail at every stage of the negotiation , settling for that is fine . 
  [ i so wish we invented this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_6d3jbbo4s ), 
  it 's possible that it 's a language thing - i find it really easy to read dutch despite knowing very little of it . 
  there 's not much to learn in the way of grammatical differences . 
   i belive even an occupation by dprk forces is , in all likelyhood , still better than total annihilation . 
  not convinced , personally . 
  huh , what do you know . 
  ah well . 
  in any case , one of the sources that includes great britain actually helps to prove my point - it includes the us to create the acronym pig is us . 
  easier to remember than uspgsii or pusgisi . 
  in fact , i 'd go further and posit france was left off that list simply because it 'd make the acronym harder to remember . 
  because gisp is n't a word . 
  britain never joined the list . 
  whatever . 
  i mean , it 's for our benefit , not yours , so your interpretation is pretty much irrelevant , but it 's clear i 'm not going to be able to convince you , even with my cultural understanding of it all . 
  our government called plans to restrict voting on english-only issues `` english votes for english laws , '' or evel . 
  stop interpreting it as an intentional insult when what it really is is matching up acronyms as best as possible to dictionary words that they might be easier to remember and pronounce . 
  what growth ? 
  their head of state seems to do quite well , 
  the us states never had identities anywhere near as distinct as countries . 
   all of these are caused by countries unwilling to actually give up sovereignty to implement policies at the eu level . 
  or by the eu failing to demonstrate to nations that the ideas are worth giving up sovereignty for . 
  it 's just the easiest way to organise the acronym so people can remember it . 
  do n't the french still essentially ban british beef ? 
  what government ? 
  the significant one would be the requirement to [ earn # 35,000 a year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17204297 ) to qualify for settling . 
  the mean household income for 2 working adults is # 27,195 and the median is # 23,556 . 
  outside of london , wages do not reach that sort of level . 
  there are also smaller things like charging # 200 a year for access to the nhs outside of emergencies , a policy of deporting people who seek to appeal visa-related decisions before they can appeal , a potentially years-long process , and reforming the student visa system so that it ca n't be exploited to gain permanent residency . 
  they do n't need to specifically restrict commonwealth migration . 
  it 's treated the same as all other non-eu migration . 
  as if we would n't just take the information if people would n't give it over . 
  except we have stopped it now we have a conservative majority . 
  2014 was a completely different parliament . 
  maybe , but there 's a significant difference between could and will . 
  we have the ability to stop pakistani , bangladeshi , indian , nigerian etc. 
  immigration . 
  it 's practically impossible for commonwealth citizens to get permanent residence in the uk these days without a relative with british citizenship in the last 2 generations . 
  i 'd say the british museum but i think it 's been covered enough already . 
  though of course since no one mentioned rosetta stone i consider it essential not just for language nerds . 
  outside of london , though , my favourite was probably the tank museum in yeovil . 
  not been since i was a kid , but my parents took me plenty of times so it must be at least reasonably tolerable for adults . 
  i 'd like to check it out again just to confirm that , but if you 're looking for a family trip , it was incredibly well laid out and there are always tour guides available . 
  plus a fair few tanks are operational . 
  do you have any experience yet ? 
  for non-eu residents to live and work in the uk you will need to earn far in excess of an entry level wage . 
  if you feel you can get a job that earns enough , then apply for smaller companies and startups who might be more inclined to assist you in your visa application process and sponsor you . 
  it 's a massive industry with a lot of jobs available . 
  if you 're competent then you can pretty much guarantee a career because most people are shockingly bad and fail the coding tests in interviews , if not just failing to hide their abysmal personalities . 
  hey , if your friends was a group of 90 and a lot did n't accept the wage , a few did . 
  that 's all employers want , 
  better to earn a high wage with a high cost of living than it is a low wage with a low cost of living . 
  you can downgrade later and become incredibly wealthy relative to your new locale . 
  how will you get 3 years experience if you do n't get started ? 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  it probably wo n't be interpreted as good fun . 
  if someone made a joke about an out group , members of that out group would see it as offensive because a brit making such a joke would likely mean it to be offensive at some level . 
  self deprecating humour is popular . 
  if it 's deprecating of someone/thing/where else , it 's likely not said entirely as a joke . 
  what i do n't get is why pushing hard and not letting go are portrayed as bad things ? 
  why are n't the other member states doing this ? 
  not too difficult , surely . 
  just shift the border controls back to the ferries and airports ? 
  or the figure was calculated using average life expectency and determined the typical yearly wage based on the cost of a lifetime of using services . 
  as far as i 'm aware income rules are based on a household rather than an individual . 
  if tier 2 work visas do n't work this way , then a spousal visa could be used to remain which definitely operates on household income . 
  it really depends on how violence is defined . 
  it does n't have to be physical violence . 
  to anarchists of almost all strains , voting is itself a violent act . 
  free trade deals are only free trade in name . 
  there are still tarrifs for non-eu members . 
  yes , it massively incentivises trading with the eu over non-eu members .
