  how can you not picture the response to that being `` fuck off ! '', 
  the people realised it with wwi though . 
  fair , i 'd not seen that before, 
  1215 , signing of the magna carta . 
  ~ 1525-35 , english reformation 1707 , acts of union 1915 , the realisations of the horror of mechanised warfare 1940 , battle of britain 1978-79 , winter of discontent, 
  it 's justified by his campaign team leaving with gove . 
  i 'd be happy if free movement remained , the four freedoms are all i like about the eu . 
  he could always go back to his old job, 
  if they 'd got thatcher they might have come close . 
  it was n't that statement , though . 
  they implied it , but did n't state it . 
  the bus said `` we send the eu # 350m a week . 
  let 's fund the nhs instead . '', 
  it 's duplicitous yes , but they 're not backing down on claims they 'd give the nhs # 350m a week extra . 
  pff , why do that , just ask for the queen to step in for a bit . 
  it 's more we 're confused why so many of the other members do n't feel entitled to as many privileges as they can get . 
  controls have been put in place on non-eu migrants . 
  it 's incredibly difficult to actually get access to the uk these days . 
  it 's just not bearing out in statistics yet because the current government 's only been in power a year . 
  more because they 're an irish company and the irish call it soccer . 
  from a common law perspective that means all trade is permitted . 
  a blank piece of paper is the ideal trade agreement . 
  there are entire strains of thought that probably blame ballsacks for this entire kerfuffle . 
  denmark does n't make an ass out of themselves because they wait for us to negotiate opt outs . 
  we do n't negotiate opt outs for ourselves , we negotiate opt outs for every country that would like to ascribe them . 
  aside from the rebate , no opt-out we have is used solely by us . 
  it 's not special treatment , it 's alternative treatment . 
  they 'd be a fool to say anything less in public anyways . 
  it would weaken their hand in negotiations . 
  what we get is what the eu will compromise on - what needs to be stated is what the ideal situation would be , which is everything for nothing . 
  that 's 75 % of the ~ 40 % that voted . 
  27 % will be close to the actual figure of total 18-24 year olds . 
  they had months to apply for a postal vote . 
  ballsacks have never done a day 's work, 
  so crossed with charles kennedy, 
  yes it is . 
  stop pretending demcoracy 's some mystical force for good . 
  stroopwafels are like heroin . 
  had my first one from a street stand in den haag . 
  every one i 've picked up since getting back to the uk , even those from the dutch stand at the international food market , have been disappointments . 
   the real gamechanger would be a socially conservative party with left-of-center economics that would be the bnp . 
  did no one actually listen to hannan before the day after the referendum ? 
  this is very much in line with his belief system . 
  there 's no way he would have said something along the lines of `` shut the borders . '', 
  you kidding ? 
  northern ireland leaving would up british gdp . 
  possibly scotland too . 
  point to a single member state that meets those criteria . 
   in fact , the vast majority of young people , which i assume most of us on this sub are , wanted to remain is this fair to say , given that people go on about the conservatives technically only getting 27 % of the vote or whatever , when 60 % of young people did n't vote in the referendum ? 
  i do n't believe we do . 
  well it 's mostly the 65 + 's money anyways . 
  democracy 's always been tyranny of the majority . 
  difference being , this time a big decision 's gone in a direction your particular flavour of majority does n't like . 
  probably 6th atm . 
  ireland , build a wall !, 
  quick !, 
  he 's not a war criminal , at least, 
  it 's definitely theresa may . 
  difficult to get a non-eu spouse into the uk atm, 
  in the uk , those of no fixed abode would struggle to register to vote :p, 
  i think a lot of people would support her doing that too . 
  might remind people why the uk retains its monarchy to this day . 
  it 's generally believed he wo n't keep charles . 
  to the person doing it possibly . 
  if the person not voting would be happy to vote for a hypothetical candidate they felt palatable , i think spoiling your vote conveys that better . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had to flip a braker without there being a storm to cause it . 
  it 's more that there 's a lot of people these days who think there are things you ca n't joke about . 
  it thinks it 's a country, 
  of course the counterpart is `` we 're part of something bigger , we 're europeans and that is truly special . '', 
  exactly the same thing , the only difference is where the lines are drawn . 
  that 's ... still opinion . 
  more accurately , i have # 1.12 to last me the rest of the month . 
  so many h/ts to lesser known feats of european quirks . 
  awesome !, 
  they do n't raise the rates between 19:30 and 19:35 . 
  to be honest , energy storage has n't improved in decades . 
  the tesla battery 's just a huge collection of li-ion batteries . 
  it 's not efficient at all . 
  for # 2000 , the odds of getting your money back when consuming 0.01 of a unit to heat a kettle at 11p a unit before you die is definitely not worth it . 
  possible to argue that in the situation of a referendum where the people putting money on it are also the people deciding the outcome , but that 's simply not true in most cases . 
  betting 's more about gut instinct , and for some , lucky charms and signs . 
  what ? 
  you 've deduced that with a sample of 1 ? 
  nah , it 's free and easy to change name by deed poll . 
  the betting odds are n't a direct reflection of opinion though , they 're also heavily impacted by the amount of money put on them . 
  could n't tell you if many people outside britain go but it 's popular with ramblers . 
  we do use energy storage , pumped hydroelectric power plants are built largely to address tv pickup . 
  the most fascinating tour of a place i 've ever done was electric mountain . 
  i 'd recommend it to any tourists planning on visiting northern wales . 
  do they ? 
  i 've never heard the term . 
  hell , prefixing variables with a dollar is an idiosyncrasy of a couple of languages and programmes . 
  as i understand it though we had actually finally got round to sustainable fishing before the cfp and now there 's not a single fish in the north sea that 's not under threat from overfishing . 
  i assumed the moment they scheduled a press conference at 5pm . 
  there was only one way to guarantee you 'd have something to say that was n't already said . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're not a political party , they 're an activist group . 
  handguns might be illegal but they 're still responsible for most post - '97 deaths by gunfire . 
  i put it in terms least likely to provoke exactly the response you 've given . 
  clearly did n't work . 
  it 's not that i do n't like people telling me what to do , it 's that voting is an act of violence and i will have no part of it .
