  it 's actually quite hard to conceptualise if you 're not a parliamentarian , also . 
  you really think there are no more members to weigh your beloved progress down ? 
  the different amazon sites are run quazi-independently , and have differing levels of services . 
  they have each taken their software in differing directions based on the requirements of their equivalent marketplaces . 
  as time goes on , it 's less and less likely that amazon will integrate their european services into one site . 
  it 's not so visible for customers , but it 's a real bitch to integrate with because they each have wildly different variables you need to consider when integrating . 
  i use oriental on occasion . 
  if the nationality is n't apparent . 
  while it 's a good thing , my mind straight away went to `` 4,262 days since our last incident '' a la those accident signs in american sitcom workplaces . 
  im not sure what level of passion there is in the rest of the uk for ni to stay ( i 'm sure there 's a default yes they should stay , but few who could give you reasons beyond `` just because '' ) , but as i understand it northern ireland is in the uk because the majority of people living there wish to be in the uk quite passionately . 
  most redditors are probably too young to care enough to learn much about the guy , if demographic polls are anything to go by . 
  a bill to stop a chunk of heathrow 's traffic redirecting to gatwick ? 
  what 's the eu got to do with that ? 
  you 're not familiar with pre-nuptual agreements ? 
  i 'd say it 's probably a given that a bermuda iii or equivalent will be written in a hurry . 
  hell , we could just use a mail merge of whatever is in place at the moment . 
  if the pension liability of our meps is # 50bn , there 's a much bigger issue with the eu than anyone thought . 
  as i understand it , this issue is about flights from one eu state to another needing to be hqed in the eu . 
  surely if heathrow is being used as the access point to europe from north america , the issue does n't affect it as it 's still a flight from a non-eu country ( uk ) to an eu country . 
  no it does n't . 
  think very much implies opinion . 
  article 50 was agreed upon when the lisbon treaty passed . 
  there was no codified means to leave the eu until then . 
  ... they did . 
  also an assumption . 
  i 'm very much against the eu , and also very much against wielding the vote . 
  dehydration starts as a headache , and aron ralston tore off a limb-bit to deal with it . 
  well the only difference between a mafia and a government is a weird belief in legitimacy ... 
  so do they trust the us more or less now ? 
  under 3 % are zero hours contracts . 
  what 's more , the majority of people on 0 hours contracts are happy they 're on 0 hours contracts . 
  it 's probably easier to agree with `` the people have had enough of experts with organisations from acronyms saying that they know what is best and consistently getting it wrong . '', 
   i agree . 
  i do n't see it that much though . 
  or do you refer to people that think that brexit was a bad idea and it will have more negative effects than positives ? 
  cause in that case / r/unitedkingdom must be wishing misery on themselves everyday ... ... they are . 
   when has less cooperation between groups ever helped ? 
  when has less unity between groups ever helped ? 
  we had unity with a quarter of the planet at one time and it only bred resentment , with good reason . 
  well he is immune from prosecution whilst in parliament ... 
  it 's not his fault brits were the bad guy du jour in 90s hollywood movies !, 
  fuck old people , amirite ? 
  well none have better experience than may to argue the point . 
  i think that might depend on where you 're streamed . 
  schools have a habit of clustering disruptive students together . 
  the guy 's still got the opportunity to move back to the uk later if he wants to , if he 's british . 
  i 'd argue it 's likely if some amicable arrangement between the uk and the eu is found . 
  it 's not like brexit is removing any choice for him , just influencing his decisions . 
  the only way the eu could deal with the refugee crisis is to reverse global warming . 
  quite frankly if the uk leaving actually kicked the eu 's arse into gear to actually do _ anything _ about the refugee crisis i 'd be laughing too . 
  it might have some impact , but i do n't think the introduction of the internet will have a _ massive _ sway on british attitudes to political integration . 
  i 'll still be able to talk to you after we leave the eu via the internet anyways . 
  ignoring the elephant in the room there, 
  the counter arguement to that being , in the absense of the government acting to deal with the issue , committing to said x-exit to remove the ability of the government to simply ignore it is just as effective . 
  i was never actually taught about the tudors . 
  most of my ks3 history education was india , china , the slave trade and the industrial revolution . 
  historry curriculum is rotated . 
  different year groups get taught different things else we 'd have a broad , shallow history education rather than a narrower , deeper history education . 
  teach different year groups different bits and you wind up with , colletively , an in depth understanding of all of british history even if any given individual lacks that . 
  yeah , it 's a weird thought . 
  i 'm basically alive because both my grandfathers were in the asian theatre and thus not thrown at normandy . 
  i do n't particularly find pride in my family 's involvement in the war , and it does seem to be the lost generation 's children that take pride in our side winning ( god forbid i denigrate war efforts past or present with my mother ) rather more than anyone else , but if i had the opportunity i 'd still thank the generals that made those decisions to send my grandfathers where they did . 
  it reads like you 're saying glorifying past achievements and glorifying past atrocities go hand in hand . 
  i disagree . 
  tolkein might have been good at storytelling , but his writing style is incredibly slow paced and boring . 
  yes , immigrant has an implicit context of relating to the current location . 
  it 's unsurprising we 'd identify people moving elsewhere differently . 
  it 's even more integrated than a colony . 
  it 's not sovereign in the slightest . 
  now , that could be disgusting , but the idea that it 's recent is bullshit . 
  scotland and england were not distinct demographics for the referendum , nor were they for the current parliament . 
  the better you are , the more likely you are an immigrant rather than a tourist :p, 
  as a brit , i could n't make the demand . 
  whenever i 'm a german speaking country , i 'll have conversations where they speak english and i speak the rudimentary german i have , and we both feel very uncomfortable and ultimately take twice as long to achieve what could be done when speaking a common tongue . 
  i 'd feel incredibly rude if i did n't try to speak the local tongue whenever possible and wherever appropriate . 
  `` j ` suis un p ` tit pomme-de-terre '' will catch them off guard . 
  i 'm struggling to form an opinion on this . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what we should have done back then . 
  other than not investing so much wasted effort into wooing de gaulle . 
  synths are the future, 
  which we can trust them to enact with the greatest of efficiencies . 
  he 's ... not . 
  he 's in no position of authority , he 's paid to voice opinions so he 's of equal standing to the author of this article . 
  he 's just a popular , polarising figure so he sells papers and generates clicks . 
  tbh though , looking at what 's become of ukip since he stepped down as leader again , it 's not hard to see why . 
  he has the talent to herd cats , they 're an utter shamble so it 's not difficult to paint him as an authority figure, 
  to the point that this is the first i 'm hearing of it , despite the media loving to report on uk military hardware shortages . 
  regardless of appetite , there were n't the resources for anyone but the us to do so . 
  at which point , nuclear weapons had been developed and tensions were so high that the risks were greater than individual countries . 
  we tend to ignore americans over the falklands anyways , 
  yeah . 
  mildly drifting away from/building on what you said , but i seem to recall a recent survey suggesting the majority of / r/uk users are late-teens to early-twenties males in full time education with no income still living with parents . 
  i always thought as a male in my twenties , i am the stereotype of a reddit user , but i started earning at 16 and moved out at 19 - i ca n't identify with the majority population of a large subreddit despite fitting the stereotype of the population of reddit . 
  it 's really hampered my ability to even contemplate posting there , because i 'll just never grasp what i need to say to avoid downvotes that could see me winding up in a similar situation to trucidator . 
  i did n't even think to disable f.lux , just thought it looked shit, 
   the underlying reason is england has 50 million people . 
  scotland has 5 million people . 
  if it let those resident in england to get free tuition , there would be nobody living in scotland going to scottish universities . 
  this is n't true , because non-uk eu countries also get their education without fee , and they sum much more than 50 million . 
  the euro 's been a disaster from the get go - we were not arguing for ourselves to be excluded ( hell we achieved that ) , we were trying to stop a plan that would later prove to screw over the majority of nations that opted into it .
