  a deal we offered to literally every other member state . 
  all of our opt-outs ( except the rebate , which it made sense for nations to negotiate separately on ) were available to all member states . 
  we have the best deal because you chose not to take it . 
  the eu , not europe . 
  it 's not us equating the two , the chip 's on your shoulder . 
  the idea that a group of 27 nations that constantly deal with each other only being able to negotiate with one nation at a time is bizarre . 
  or , you know , the fault of the 1975 referendum question which specifically aliased the common market . 
  not just across europe , but across the iron curtain at the time . 
  we 're talking about an era where it was n't even clear there 'd be a europe in 2016 . 
  other than our rebate , every opt-out we 've negotiated has been used by other nations . 
  i 've not made a moral judgement anywhere . 
  nope , it 'll be denmark , or the netherlands , or sweden , or the czech republic , holding the other 26 back . 
  i think the distinction would lie in the fact that the uk is a nation state and the eu is supranational . 
  hurting the eu is n't the same as it does n't directly decide tax and investment policy for any population . 
  i 'd say that 's because ukip is n't anti-globalist . 
  they 're fully in support of a global economy if brits can be at the head of it . 
  ... well why would you shop at them ? 
  they 're expensive and inconvenient . 
  a subscription to amazon prime covers the cost of a day 's parking , let alone fuel costs , and offers lower prices and a vastly wider range of products . 
  in the age of digital economy , that 's an anachronism that only stays in place for companies that deem it too expensive to rewrite their systems . 
  i find it bizarre microsoft is n't automatically tracking exchange rates given the volume of trade they do internationally . 
  and we all know the labour base is incredibly representative of the country as a whole . 
  that 's why they 're polling so well . 
  yeah , i 've definitely heard there 's no violent crimes committed against muslims . 
  well , i hate to break it to you - most languages have genders . 
  you 're the anomaly . 
  we never stopped using coal, 
  i do n't see the implication anywhere . 
  yet we still have manufacturing jobs . 
  if they could survive before brexit , more can survive with a devalued currency . 
  you did n't ask what would lead to us being trailblazers in manufacturing . 
  there 's no single directive i can think of that i 'd prefer repealed over any other , to be honest . 
  it 's not like it matters , the competency just shifts to westminster , and it becomes the old/new brussells . 
  the devalued currency will help . 
  in much the same situation then . 
  it would have been the political upheaval causing that . 
  brexit has n't killed any business or trade in britain yet , but we 're already what , 20 % devalued ? 
  i admire your steadfast refusal to develop a sense of humour . 
  your resolve is second to none . 
  well i work for an export company so i got the biggest real terms payrise of my career thanks to brexit , which is a bit weird :p other than that everything seems to be following the standard western path of it all going to hell in a handbasket . 
  it 's now at an 845 % chance of collapsing . 
  given the range of measures the conservatives have been putting into place to limit non-eu migration , it 's difficult to comment on whether more needs to be done on it until we have statistics for the next couple of years . 
  jesus , get over yourself . 
  the abuse makes for compelling , entertaining reading . 
  words ca n't harm you . 
   on the other hand the electorate was a little gerrymandered - non-irish eu citizens living in the uk were not allowed to vote and british citizens living abroad were not allowed to vote . 
  they identified two groups that were likely to be heavily for remain and denied them a vote . 
  in doing so , they did not alter the franchise for uk-wide ballots at all . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  i 've yet to encounter anyone domestically who believes our closest neighbours are the azores , but i 'm often told i think that britain 's in the middle of the atlantic . 
  how much of that is likely to be an imagined experience though ? 
  knowing the source of food impacts its flavour as you experience it . 
  just getting interested in sourcing your food improves the flavour of whatever you choose to buy . 
  personally , i 've never noticed a significant change in quality of lamb whatever time of year it is - the quality of the meal 's far more down to how well it 's cooked . 
  we 've extensive experience trading food with new zealand , we share our lamb when the other 's out of season . 
  when it becomes even remotely believable that the eu would permit such a thing , do let us know ,, 
  bollocks , it 's the other way round . 
  those who take part in the process consent to the result . 
  there was never a vote for pr . 
  check his upbringing, 
  people are n't usually in school during the harvest season . 
  the entire point of tarrifs is to prevent that from happening . 
  a balance will be found where the domestic uk agricultural industry ( and we could supply 100 % domestically and still not have enough food ) survives . 
  at great cost to the poorest in society , but i 've yet to see a government that cares about them . 
  the reason for that is because that 's literally what the 1975 referendum said it was , despite those in power knowing otherwise . 
  it does n't matter what the uk considered it to be , we were still party to and took part in the political aspect of it ( including , significantly on the subject of our perception of the eu , an end to the ability to negotiate trade deals ) . 
  as for where it manifests - westminster , obviously . 
  you 're talking to the wrong person on this one though , i do n't view westminster of even my local council any differently from brussells . 
  it 's a british news establishment aimed at a british audience . 
  you just happen to be able to read it . 
  if i could read spanish i 'm sure i 'd be able to find an equivalent article - after all you know the stats for your country . 
  if your wage is stagnating , seek a new employer . 
  my facebook feed 's been full of people celebrating payrises , myself included . 
  if trade deals were all the eu entailed there would n't have been a mandate for the referendum in the first place . 
  when the difference between # 500 and # 50000 is whether you can buy a loaf of bread or not ... , 
  that 's not technically speaking true . 
  we were only able to do this because the eu has mechanisms in place to allow it . 
  if eu integration continues at its present pace , the ability coudl easily be written out of future constitutions this century . 
   that said , i 'm not sure uk public can actually afford hard brexit . 
  the country can afford it , but after years of austerity millions of people in uk have no savings of any description and are woefully unprepared for the butt-f * cking that 's coming their way . 
  actually , it 's those with savings a significant economic hit would hurt most . 
  those of us in debt will actually become better off in theory . 
  the ticket machines at train stations to accept them . 
  missed a train cos of that d :, 
  heh , funnily enough i 'd say actually having them is a metric to define poverty these days . 
  well all i can really say is i 'm not a fan . 
  at least 50 % of people agree it works , which is enough to self-perpetuate :p, 
  when did anyone say they do n't speak english ? 
  my politics ai n't awful , yours are !, 
  when it was reduced in the uk , shops made a big song and dance about passing on the reduced pricing . 
  they 'd list the old prices next to the new prices to demonstrate we got the full 2.5 % off . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  half the population shitting on the other half , every time . 
  because they need at least 11 million votes to get into government . 
  that 's not true though . 
  non-eu migration has been seriously curtailed since the conservatives gained a majority . 
  or just the opposite side of the street . 
  this must really cause internal strife for people who love the eu but loathe the city . 
  you say that , but northampton for a few years ( i moved away a long time ago now , ca n't say if it 's still going on ) was practically a battleground between poles , croatians and albanians . 
  i 've never seen a bobby stop a spontaneous crime .
