  for me it 's as affordable to move out of europe as it is to london , in absolute terms . 
  when you factor in deposit , moving my stuff ( as opposed to selling the majority of it moving abroad and buying stuff locally when you get there ) , etc. . . well there 's nowhere in europe on my radar for furthering my career , honestly . 
  i 'd need about # 2k for london and about the same for north america or asia . 
  if we look at it that way though , none of the best paying tech jobs are located in europe . 
  difficult in london perhaps , but i have a fantastic quality of life renting a flat to myself on # 24k in leicester . 
  not all of the country is london . 
  she really ought to set aside the rhetoric, 
  what could the police do about what was in the documentary ? 
  no crimes were committed by them . 
  that or minority government , yea . 
  our parties are broad churches and a three strike whip wo n't stop bachbenchers rebelling from whichever party . 
  having a majority government does n't mean everything goes through . 
  the smaller the majority , the easier for rebellions to succeed if the opposition votes with them . 
  lol , literally the opposite is happening in this comment chain . 
  besides , being told not to generalise has not stopped people claiming that the right is racist as much as being told not to generalise has n't stopped people claiming the left are all pinkos . 
  do n't blame me , i would 've voted to leave . 
  blame people who did n't vote but would 've voted remain . 
  it rose from like 3 searches to 1000 searches . 
  not objectively highly searched , just a large spike . 
  it was twisted by the media . 
  i would n't, 
  because that 's still giving assent to a process by which a decision is reached by a load of people saying `` i want this '' and then forcing the most populous result upon everyone . 
  i 'm not trying to be noble , i 'm trying to live my life by my morals . 
  i 'm frowned upon by many people for many things , i 'm comfortable with being judged for choosing not to vote while i have that choice . 
  i 'd just prefer not to be misrepresented in my motives for it . 
  i did n't vote , but i cared a lot about leaving the eu . 
  i just so happen to more strongly believe it 's not mine nor anyone else 's right to try and force others into a decision via a ballot . 
  i ca n't speak for all non-voters but a lot of non-voters i talk to ( and admittedly i largely associate in political discussion groups ) choose not to vote for that reason , with the other big reason being that none of the choices are palatable . 
  yes, 
  your mistake is seeing it from a perspective of me having to be a tory because i 'm not a labour voter . 
  i am neither . 
  no , i 'm not gon na tell you there are no corrupt politicians , stop putting words in my mouth . 
  there are no _ clean _ politicians . 
  i would see a dissolution of the state in its entirety ; _ there 's _ my idealism . 
  that does n't prevent me from making observations on the effects of policy , however , which is why i can say that corbyn 's idealism will be destroyed by reality . 
  corbyn 's policies ca n't be summed up by `` change the status quo '' unless you count every party leader . 
  not one of them wants to keep things the same . 
  the thing about change is that it is not inherently change for the better . 
  you 're blindly supporting corbyn because `` change is better than not change '' but that 's the same reason people voted for obama and 8 years later , the only change that came from it is that yanks got riled enough to vote for trump . 
   people in his own party are rebelling against him because they are corrupt politicians who have no other interest than to serve their corporate masters , so it has nothing to do with leadership but with the fact that there are 2 opposing sides in the party , one that wants to work for the public while the other works for the same people the tories represent sorry , who 's reciting buzzwords here ? 
  you seem to know more about me than i do . 
  interesting . 
  how do you know that i only want incremental change ? 
  i 've said twice now that i 'm ideologically opposed to corbyn . 
  i 'm not afraid to try what he wants , _ i do n't agree that what he wants is in any way good _ . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  i would n't vote for the conservatives . 
  i 'm also not any of those people reciting buzzwords or headlines . 
  also , whilst you might not have meant it , you did say it . 
  `` everyone buys the propaganda that the media is spewing . '', 
  also , you say he 's not a weak leader but in the same sentence say the people he 's supposed to lead are openly rebelling against him . 
  which is it ? 
  i do n't think corbyn closed the gap . 
  the labour party mgiht have , but i see it as a result of may attacking her core voter base and whomever leaked the labour manifesto , neither of whom were corbyn himself . 
  which further lends credence to him being a poor leader . 
  either way , that 's not why i oppose him . 
  he is idealistic and his policies will be destroyed by reality , and he plans to spend a _ lot _ of money to find that out . 
  i am very much opposed to supporting `` the way things should be '' over `` what can be done , '' and i say that as someone who is just as idealistic as corbyn though from a completely different perspective . 
  yes i 'm gon na commit whataboutism when one party is being accused of creating rather than expanding a policy , as a reason to vote for the party that actually created it . 
  no , they were just overcrowding . 
  because it 's cheap . 
  are people not allowed to disagree with his politics ? 
  must we be duped by the media if we do n't agree with him ? 
  this logging is n't some new thing though . 
  i 'm actually quite confused as to why it is . 
  the only thing changing is the warrantless access to it . 
  isps have been required to log metadata for ages , it started under blair . 
  there 's a difference between people and politicians though . 
  no one trusts politicians . 
  we 're talking about neighbours . 
  when i voted ( i 've only done it once and it would n't be the case any more as i 'm a recluse these days ) i did n't need id because the old dears running the local station knew who i was . 
  as they did almost everybody walking through the doors that day . 
  probably a knee jerk reaction to the twin towers , madrid bombings and the underground bombings . 
  one of the reasons it was opposed/rejected was because it was n't technically feasible . 
  the dna thing was n't on the official spec , but the man who would later become prime minister was talking about it . 
  much like with most of the things i mentioned in that list . 
  by the time it was killed off , it had a full fingerprint , iris and dna profile of the user as well as about 20 other metrics , and there were drafts of plans to expand access to government records to private companies , so that they could use facial recognition in cctv and usage of biometric enabled cards to keep tabs on citizens wherever they might be , build up habit profiles and flag them whenever they deviated . 
  just in case . 
  let 's just gloss over tower hamlets . 
  yea ni is a form of id , but when you see what was going to be imposed on us in the form of an id card you 'd understand why we have an aversion to them . 
  what 's a database , and which filing cabinet is it in ? 
  similar experience here . 
  i used to have terrible health from smoking , frequent chest infections leading to poor job security . 
  switched to vaping and i 've not had one since . 
  now i 've got ta buy a new , smaller , poorer quality vape to comply with eu 's tobacco products directive , which is not present at all in what i use . 
  there 's a difference between guiding and herding . 
  not in the eyes of the public , though . 
  the big difference between 16 and 18 year olds is that they 'll likely understand what it means to be taxed for their income , which will curb an overly idealistic tax-everyone-everything voting bloc . 
  not that i particularly care , but it 's the significant difference between a 2 year gap that on paper looks miniscule . 
  its quality varies with the peat levels of local soil . 
  even then she was forced out, 
  yep , he 's giving up his public appearances to focus his efforts on becoming a system lord . 
  well we got ta get rid of the old fivers and pound coins somewhere, 
  the other gathers the tears for lube , 
  jerking and sobbing go hand in hand anyways, 
  kingdom ? 
  incoming frexit . 
  looking at the list , you 're correct , it seems i 've managed to catch the only relevant countries ( jamaica excluded ) which were n't classified as cukc at the end of 1982 . 
   except that he wanted , once again , to renegotiate conditions for britain only , not at a european level . 
  britain has only ever renegotiated conditions for britain alone _ once _ and that was the rebate .
