  not hard , is it ? 
  the express is n't owned by murdoch . 
  perhaps not biased facts , but biased reporting of facts . 
  which facts are or arent reported drastically alter the message conveyed . 
  all the brexiteers who talk to him in his head, 
  more your keyboard layout , but sure . 
  well they make the same mess in the uk where they live so they probably would if they lived in nl also, 
  alt gr + shift + e. 
  flew on an a380 a few weeks ago , it 's by far the most pleasant flying experience i 've had . 
  quiet is of course a relative term , though , but it was better than the a350s and a320s i flew on in terms of volume . 
  speak for yourself, 
   try to describe it . 
  should an inner-city youth , third-generation descendant of immigrants , be a member of his or her labour club or tory branch ? 
  what 's the pull factor ? 
  why would s/he engage ? 
  if they want to integrate ? 
  membership of political parties is measured in hundreds of thousands at best . 
  the city does n't need financial passporting . 
  it helped , but it did n't prop up the industry . 
  i loved my lumia 920 . 
  had it for 3 years . 
  every day since i moved away from wp i 've regretted it :(, 
  to be honest , i do n't really care how it works . 
  just so long as it 's voluntary . 
  i 'm particularly fond of the voluntary implementation of the xeer system found in somalia in the 90s until the un got involved . 
  oh yeah , i disagree with democracy on a fundamental level , in part because of what you describe . 
  that being said , the worse deal we get the happier i , as one of the many flavours of anarchist flying around these days , will be , because it will grind our own government to a halt . 
  in my eyes this is a good thing . 
  more generalised . 
  i criticise anyone who places a vote and complains about the result . 
  would n't matter if i supported remain or leave , all voters are complicit . 
  i 'm confused . 
  where did i say i did n't . 
  while i did n't vote , i am happy that the uk is leaving . 
  what i 'm talking about is the act of going to vote _ being _ implicit acceptance of the result , regardless of which choice you mark on the ballot . 
  not anything after the fact . 
  while i disagree with you on that point , i do n't see how what you said contradicts what i said . 
  there 's no point in voting if you do n't accept that the option with the most votes will be enacted and agree with the premise . 
  bbc broadcast a series called the secrets of your food that explained how the french can `` do '' the strong ammonia stuff in episode 2 . 
  it 's a real interesting series if you can find it , no clue if it 's on iplayer at all . 
  everyone who voted gave consent to the process that produced the result . 
  not just those who voted for the one that won . 
  we do . 
  we eat more baked beans than the rest of the world combined . 
  lol , which housing estate did you stay on when you visited ? 
  a longitudinaljerk, 
  well , i mean , we 're all both . 
  ex-pat to the home nation , immigrant to the host nation . 
  it 's just a matter of context . 
   that 's better than 52 % of a population deciding for the 48 % that because they 'd never move , nobody should be allowed to move . 
  shit , never knew that the eu has closed its borders to non-eu countries . 
  i remember reading about individual cases of this happening . 
  not chants . 
  i feel it was massively overstated , much like regrexit was when they paraded that clip of the same three people who regretted their vote through the media for a fortnight . 
  i 've never heard someone argue to kick people out . 
  stop more coming , sure , plenty of people have called for that , but no one either in the campaigning or down the pub ever asked for people to be removed unless they were here illegitimately . 
  i mean , if i voted i would have voted for leave and i took the time to research it ... 
  so yes ? 
   anyone that takes an interest in politics or has travelled beyond their own town is obviously gutted that this is happening this is just not true . 
  the elephant in the room is that losing our finance industry would probably reduce inequality . 
  it 'd make everyone worse off , but at least we 'd all be a bit more similar , eh ? 
  because a vote costed # 3 and the extremists flooded into the labour party to make it happen . 
  oh no no , if we become successful the comedy will dry up . 
   the only sensible one , if we discount his threat to turn the uk into an off shore tax haven , seems to be philip hammond , but he did n't make any bid to the pm post could easily see him becoming pm now . 
  if he does , i 'd argue he 's played a blinder , because let 's face it any successor to cameron would struggle as may has . 
  on the contrary , the country slowly falling off a cliff is icing on the cake . 
  remove power from brussels and watch it slip out of the hands of westminster too ? 
  i could n't dream of a better outcome . 
  a free market would work ( or rather , if this is the first instance it would correct itself organically ) but what you 're describing is not it . 
  regulation limits or even totally absolves responsibility . 
  you 'll witness it in the proceeding court cases surrounding grenfell . 
  the architect might get jailed for manslaughter . 
  maybe some regulations inspector . 
  both presumably for negligence . 
  those you wo n't see prosecuted are the people who placed financial constraints on the architect which required them to cut corners , or approval targets on the inspector to meet government housing policy . 
  these people have been abstracted away from culpability by beaurocracy whereas a free market , with no concept of limiting liability , would see them suffer the consequences also . 
  could say the same for te right . 
  authoritarianism usually comes from the state . 
  not a political wing . 
  _ all _ democracy is bullying the minority . 
  similarly , my dad did n't vote in the general election because he was convinced the tories would win . 
  to be fair , they did win his constituency , but still ... 
  americans sound like we used to , and we had a european blip we 're returning from . 
  ... the post was us-vs-them rhetoric though ? 
  maybe that 's why she did n't turn up to the debates, 
  but if they recognised that they could n't argue that voting remain was supporting the status quo, 
  / u/valleyshrew was n't comparing , they were contrasting . 
  true . 
  while we 're on it , hopefully more migrants from mena can drown in the sea , it 'd be doing europe a favour , and you know , if the entire third world could die out with their high birth rates the rest of us can breathe an oxygen rich sigh of relief that carbon emissions will plummet . 
  like france has n't ever acted in its own interests in brussels ... 
   it 's like watching that media knob jamie oliver . . `` i dislike eu with great passion '' to `` leaving eu has hurt me and m business so bad '' which is funny because it was one of the few times leave and remain sided together on / r/uk to declare `` no , it 's not the eu , it 's how mediocre your restaurants are that 's hurting your business . '', 
  pretty goofy , yes . 
  but do n't misunderestimate just how goofy bush jr was . 
  i also find those two a bit over the top tbh :p, 
  there are more people from poor backgrounds gaining higher education than ever though ... 
  was this thread not comparing london to all of bulgaria though ? 
  okay , so specifically i 've priced up toronto , hong kong and sendai . 
  cheapest was sendai , and i actually got a fair way down the path towards moving before i found a better opportunity in leicester and it was no longer worth it . 
  to move out of europe was ~ # 2,100 for both toronto and sendai ( inclusive of money for a flight home if things did n't pan out ) and a bit more for hong kong due to cost of living . 
  it 's probably a bit more these days due to inflation etc. . . but it remains the case that agency fees in london are higher than the cost of a flight home .
