  for maybe 1 treaty change , until ... probably the dutch , or the czechs , kick off . 
  i ca n't see the us going for freedom of movement anyhow . 
  yes , funnily enough we 're a nation of 64 million individuals , not drones . 
  we do n't all harbour the same opinion , obviously people will be complaining no matter what the referendum brings . 
  we 've had a lot of practice at this strategy . 
  it 's a winning one , 
  yeah , that 's not gon na happen . 
  eu-federalists in the uk barely register as a minority , let alone approaching anything resembling a majority . 
  just the english , is n't it ? 
  the uk will not be joining schengen under any government for the foreseeable future . 
  yeah , i think i meant the single market instead . 
  the arrangement would need both members to be a part of schengen . 
  yes , and it became the european union act 2011 . 
  theoretically possible , but if the uk leaves we cease to be able to negotiate with ireland . 
  we 'd have to negotiate with the eu . 
  it 's not possible for eu members to negotiate with external nations independently on such matters . 
  i suspect the eu would deem it as an unfair advantage for ireland . 
  flip a coin . 
  wo n't need to demand another referendum , treaty change triggers one automatically . 
  it makes sense . 
  there are always more employees than jobs . 
  it 's somewhat a result of discussions surrounding the scottish referendum . 
  it 's believed that the vote for independence being the yes option influenced public opinion . 
  to that end it appears efforts were made for the government 's desired outcome to get the yes in a yes/no question . 
  prepare to lose whatever faith you have in democracy . 
  i 'm not sure how much i grasp it , but it 's my understanding that the majority of ireland 's trade is with the uk ( i think they 're our largest trading partner too ) . 
  to facilitate this we have a completely open border for citizens , and functionally also shared citizenship . 
  this border arrangement will be nigh impossible to keep if one country leaves the eu and the other does not . 
  only so you can complain about them, 
  it 's not just these days . 
  we 've just had a lot more opportunity to realise its potency since the internet rose in popularity . 
  fair one , that 's more comprehensive than what my quick googling showed up . 
  it 's not as different between constituent countries as you might think . 
  wales is the most eusceptic , and even in scotland more people are eusceptic than euphile . 
  hopefully not on the same bit of paper as you put your response on . 
  i do n't want my vote tied to my name . 
  that research project would have been really awesome to be a part of . 
  i 'd have loved to announce that plaice swim against the current , which i 've just discovered travels from east to west in the north sea . 
  all because i dropped a few bottles off a boat . 
  i pay less for rent than the cheapest she 's cited . 
  maybe her mum actually meant look the other side of the m25 ... 
  uk france netherlands belgium germany austria czech republic spain portugal that 's 9 . 
  i 'd love to do more , but i feel like i should travel outside europe first ( i 've never been outside europe ) . 
  there 's a difference between can and will - it was n't ukip conflating them . 
  you ca n't take money from an account with the account number and sort code . 
  that 's 11.03 million man-hours per week in your country ( your unemployment rate 's conveniently 25 % ), 
  somewhere warm and sunny . 
  most meetups i go to also involve renting a castle for a weekend , i 'd recommend that . 
  alternatively between us we could pool money and just buy a place somewhere it 's cheap for repeat meetups . 
  ah , that 's why i do n't like them !, 
  it was always a risky venture . 
  some ( one ) of our most famous racists have faced backlash from slope puns, 
  yeah i know , i was going for a slope pun . 
  careful , that 's the start of a slippery slope ... 
  i 'm not particularly competent in nederlands , but i 've picked a bit up over the years from friends and counter strike . 
  i specifically asked for help with words relevant to when i worked in a restaurant , as we had regulars who would come for a meal every wednesday after delivering flowers to the village florist . 
  i wanted to serve them in dutch because i 'm always keen on practicing my languages when i get the opportunity . 
  never built up the courage though . 
  anyway , i overheard them discussing their disdain for british peas . 
  they 're inferior to dutch peas apparently . 
  did n't need to overhear it , though , they made sure i knew in english too  not particularly interesting , but it 's all i 've got . 
  i seem to avoid appearing like i do n't know the local language whenever i go on holiday for whatever reason . 
  i signed a contract with my boss . 
  i did n't have to . 
  that 's trade , not enslavement . 
  in all likelihood , i would not vote . 
  i 've been struggling with jadedness of my convictions recently , potentially relapsing into minarchism , but i 'm pretty sure that tomorrow i 'd refuse to vote . 
  i do understand the concept of personal responsibility . 
  it 's you who does not . 
  i understand my responsibility to myself . 
  to not accept enslavement , to not slowly shuffle off to my death on the whims of my neighbours , to not be dictated to by the people around me based on _ their _ belief that i owe them my life and any lives i take based on the concept of living within their `` sphere of influence . '', 
  it 's not sacrifice to be forced into something . 
  sacrifice is voluntary . 
  it 's not service to your country if you 're forced to do it . 
  it 's your country sentencing you to death . 
  were i in that position , it would wind up being my country firing the bullet , because i would definitely fight back . 
  i would argue that , yes , finns should abandon finland if they can not procure a volunteer army to defend their land . 
  i doubt that they 'd have trouble doing that , but if they have to enslave their population to do it then maybe occupation might improve people 's lives . 
  to what end ? 
  their lives have already been judged forfeit by the likes of you . 
  i 'm judging the sentiment . 
  it 's wrong . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you are supporting slavery , it 's abhorrent . 
  maybe they should vacate , then . 
  enslaving their populace that they might continue to live on that particular part of the world is not a good tradeoff . 
  being unable to regulate the temperature of my house at night . 
  i live in a mid-terrace , and as far as i can tell both my neighbours forget to turn their heating off . 
  ever . 
  dear god . 
  the amount of people calling those that refuse conscription cowards is astounding . 
  in britain , we look back on those that shamed people for not actively joining the queue during conscription in wwi with ... disgust , and embarassment , that we 're related to them . 
  it 's a monstrous thing to do , regardless of circumstance . 
  yes , jail for refusing slavery . 
  do n't spoil the plot to monsters inc. 3 please . 
  only city i 've lived in is leicester . 
  it 's definitely what i 'd describe as the worst city i 've lived in . 
  make a casserole and wrap it in pastry . 
  bake for 45 minutes . 
  serve with mash and peas .
