  depends which side of the atlantic you 're on, 
  it 's sitting on a tonne of shale gas . 
  as many as were questions asked about hypothetical threats . 
  i actively used it whilst studying and continued to afterwards . 
  does n't matter how many years of studying you do if you only use the language one hour a week , it 's not gon na sink in . 
  there 's no exposure to it outside of class . 
  2 hours of lessons a week for 4 years wo n't teach you a language because you 're not actually _ using _ it . 
  i do n't know what can be done about it though because there has to be a level of self-motivation involved . 
  i think that might be more a school thing than an education system thing . 
  i studied french up to gcse level and i 'm competent enough to work in the language these days thanks to it . 
  that 's a pretty bizarre job requirement, 
  i think it 's just one of those things that will stick regardless . 
  most pubs i know do n't even follow that legislation ( a half pint seems to be whatever space is left in your glass when you order it ) . 
  even when they banned selling food in imperial units , market stallholders went from selling stuff to a pound a pound to a pound a bowl , rather than a pound a half-kilo . 
  i buy my led bulbs from asda , and they blow ridiculously quickly . 
  wound up resorting to a head mounted torch in my last place to use my kitchen , and i 've been in my new place just under a month and lost 3 in my living room already . 
  i 'm curious as to where they found a thousand leave voters on twitter . 
  where do i buy led bulbs that last years ? 
  if pre-decimal currency were base 12 or base 60 , i 'd be arguing to go back to it too . 
  pre-decimal currency in practice was cumbersome , though . 
  they 're still on sale via a loophole , according to wikipedia , for industrial use and not marketed as incandescent . 
  that is a subset of incandescent bulbs , though , presumably the more efficient ones . 
  how would the demise of the eu necessarily mean the demise of constituent nations ? 
   they are doing what they think is in their self interest . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be self interest . 
  i think it 's in the interests of all nations that the eu fails . 
  then again , i think it 's in the interests of all citizens that nations fail . 
  britain already sells mead in imperial units, 
  i rang my friend , i called my friend , i phoned my friend . 
  any of them . 
  it was done on purpose , not necessarily to trigger spanish speakers , but certainly to mimic `` up yours , delors '', 
  it is on a us layout . 
  ` is backtick . 
  how much of that is the sheer volume of content they put out though ? 
  i dunno if you 've seen the site at all ( i know a lot of people avoid it ) but seriously , they must churn out at least 50 vapid articles a day on top of their current affairs stuff . 
  are you saying ... enoch was right ? 
  it 's no one 's fault . 
  my initial post was demonstrating a difference in approach , one which for both perspectives predates the eu . 
  i was talking about bringing parity between the two approaches and now you 're talking about blame . 
  why ? 
   you ca n't just move here and get money . 
  so was i. 
  indonesia is also part of the eurasian plate :p, 
  a subset of the things we have voted to get rid of . 
  then we 're talking about different things . 
  to be honest it was long enough ago that i 'm not entirely sure any more . 
  i just remember us needing confirmation from brussels that we could alter our laws to reflect the contributory systems of many countries on the continent , without completely scrapping our statutory rights to benefits , and that many continental meps opposed on the grounds that it was discriminatory to eu citizens born elsewhere . 
  the fact that we had to get consent from brussels amidst opposition very much implies it was a concession . 
  yes of course i see the contradiction . 
  i do n't give a shit about the situation , but if it 's not implemented yet then benefits remain a statutory right in the uk despite the concessions from the eu . 
  not having a word does n't mean not having a concept . 
  the only point that bothered me was the woman going on about how the brits are holding up the spanish economy . 
  that 's just ludicrous . 
  they 're under 1 % of the population . 
  the guy at the start could have phrased what he said better , he came across as quite superior , but the underlying point was a fair one i think . 
  there 's a distinction i 'm sure most countries make between people who are citizens of the same country as you that live abroad , and people who are citizens of other countries who live in the country you 're a citizen of . 
  i do n't think pitcairners govern themselves any more . 
  not since we had to basically lock up half the population for the sexual abuse of the other half . 
   not sure how it is in the uk but you have to live in germany for at least 5 years and pay into the social security system to get unemployment benefits for example . 
  you ca n't just move here and get money . 
  benefits are statutory rights in the uk . 
  you 're entitled to them if you live under the jurisdiction . 
  as i recall , we managed either in cameron 's negotiations or something slightly before that , we got concessions from the eu that we were allowed to restrict that to uk citizens only , to bring us in parity with other eu members , but a ) there was massive backlash from the continent , and b ) i 'm pretty sure that 's still not been implemented yet . 
  it 's also worth noting that someone can be meeting all the criteria for free movement and still be entitled to , for example , working tax credits or child benefit . 
  it 's often painted as a paradox that immigrants are both `` taking our jobs '' and `` mooching our benefits '' but in the uk for a lot of low paid job roles typically taken up when you have migration in the volume we have , it 's very possible to do both . 
  i doubt many people oppose it for that reason . 
  what i got out of brexit was the complete removal of one layer of the state , and the disarray of the one below it ( an unexpected treat , actually ) . 
  because not all of us want full , frictionless access to the single market given what comes with it . 
  [ 30 % is more than enough for significant , fast paced change ] ( http://www.livescience.com/15231-belief-opinion-shift-majority-minority-10-percent.html ) . 
  it was n't too long ago that the thought of britain leaving the eu was comical at best , either . 
  jump, 
  it 's funny , the independent 's political leanings tend to align with those that hate the whole `` them and us `` ness of brexit , but with this headline they both practice it _ and _ side with the `` them . '', 
  we also tried to talk the fledgeling eu out of monetary union that eventually became the eurozone crisis , too , before falling back to an opt-out when it was clear that would n't happen . 
  not since they replaced glass with plastic, 
  depends how much the opponent wants the place you stand in . 
  the next line of the song that made up the entirety of that last comment is `` we thought they 'd never end . '', 
  it 's clearly a joke . 
  evel was rejected for that very reason . 
  i 'm not sure where the issue lies . 
   as for those mythical communities , they do n't exist what ? 
  this is definitely not true . 
  birds of a feather flock together and all that . 
  not that it bothers me , but i 'm still not in denial that there are parts of my city which almost exclusively house bengalis and somalians . 
  man i wish collapsed lungs were just scratches . 
  they do n't have an mp any more . 
  we talking about the 350mill for the nhs here ? 
  ` cos farage 's campaign never promised that . 
  technically also legal in the uk , but did n't stop richard o'dwyer nearly being extradited . 
  any italians now thinking of setting up sites like this should still be cautious . 
  more proof of russian involvement . 
  he 's possessed by rasputin, 
  it was an airplane crash . 
  stealing paul nuttall 's thunder, 
  ukip would 've got 91 seats in pr . 
   eu politicians have not promoted the breaking up of the uk what exactly do you think a federal eu means ? 
  i 'll happily admit that as a supporter of brexit i 'd love to see the uk crash and burn . 
  that 'd leave just the local council to axe . 
  the thing is these people were prompted to give an answer on empire . 
  i doubt they think about it on a day to day basis , the empire went away before most of us were born .
