  that first one both parallels joining the military to religion and implies that anyone that does n't is a spineless coward . 
  i can see why they were found to be unpopular . 
  the ecnomic impact of kicking out millions of people is n't workable . 
  neither the uk nor other eu countries can just boot out everyone . 
  i mean , where i work alone it would gut the staff . 
  probably closer to least popular person . 
  he 's broadly seen as a war criminal and his being employed as a middle east peace ambassador is the most obvious case of corruption out there . 
  i do n't think that 's going to be true at all . 
  people did n't stop voting snp when scotland stayed . 
  i , too , prefer rugger . 
  interesting thought experiment , but i doubt it . 
  1979 maybe , but not 1975 . 
  i 'm picturing countries that wish to be exempted from ever closer union being strong-armed into kneeling before the queen, 
  there 's no legal mechanism to do so . 
  and since any changes to enact one would require british approval via referendum , we can do the whole `` you ca n't fire me , i quit ! '', 
  routine . 
  shit , is neat a leicester thing then ? 
  i say it too quite a lot < _ <, 
  oh god that 's beautiful, 
  depends if cameron 's still in charge of the conservatives at that point . 
  it 's entirely likely that an euskeptic could be at the head of the government should something like that happen . 
  oh , just you wait . 
  leaving the eu wo n't mean the complaints end . 
  it 's our duty to ensure every nation on earth gets the same sweet deal we have . 
  like the dutch somalis ? 
   what i fear most for june is a 51 % / 49 % vote to remain . 
  such a vote would also probably mean that scotland , wales and/or northern ireland tipped the balance , which wo n't be a fun time for domestic relations . 
  iceland the most , probably due to unrealistic expectations about their culture surrounding an onverwhelming infatuation with their music . 
  france the least , because i 've been there so often and i 'd like to see other places . 
  in irc , they 'd give you a wet cod to slap with . 
  not much better off . 
  the euro is a sham , its only purpose was to make the nations that use it feel closer together , and it 's worked in that regard . 
  churchill actually also stipulated that the uk would _ not _ be in the `` united states of europe . '', 
  because we were n't taught it in school , and in our last referendum we were told it was a common market . 
  i suspect smart phones would have gone a long way to address most of the issues in dealing with multiple currencies within europe . 
  not all migrants integrate . 
  we 've recently had the whole `` muslamic ray guns '' scandal that has been revealed to be going on for 20 years at least . 
  15 years would n't be enough to assuage fears . 
  we ca n't . 
  we have an assigned polling station . 
  they 're open from 7am to 10pm . 
  anyone who ca n't make it can register for a postal vote . 
  we were n't a founding member . 
  england is shorthand for england and the rest of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  why build robots when voting ukip is cheaper ? 
  we go for opt outs when our attempts to reform a policy fail , not before . 
  it 's where brits truly feel at home, 
  seems i was a bit hasty with my conclusions , it 's just a cross party select committee suggesting/expecting it will be ended . 
   a big point in the uk at present is that the eu would be unlikely to grant free trade without the uk implementing a large amount of regulations , which would end up at pretty much the same position but without the ability to participate in various institutions . 
  the difference being that in the eu we have to meet those regulations across the board , out the eu it 's only when selling to the eu . 
  the regulations will be there for trade with the eu regardless . 
  except of course that every opt out and rebate we 've ever negotiated has been a compromise . 
  we 'd have vetoed all those lovely things you enjoy if we did n't get to opt out from them . 
  all that does is draw 27 lines in the sand where the eu will lose another member as it inexorably crawls forwards . 
  worth pointing out that evel has been ( is being ? ), 
  reversed . 
  the eu was sold to us as free trade . 
  on our previous referendum in 1975 , it was even aliased as the common market . 
  everything else is broadly seen as an overreach on the part of the eu . 
  not saying it would , but it was n't used in the mfl department at my school . 
  i did n't learn it in french classes , i learned it from a friend studying speech and language therapy . 
  i never said it did ... 
  i 'm ancap , of course i 'd say that . 
  assuming you 're an eu citizen , you will have full access to the nhs . 
  the citizens probably wo n't be free when we leave the eu - but the nation will be . 
  westminster 's an easier march to reach than brussells , though . 
  i know two people who were , but they were the kids so smart they were bumped up ahead a couple of years at school , and their parents had already taught them years beforehand anyway . 
  yes . 
  it would be best for the children if the whole family were together . 
  it 's a decision that 's already been made . 
  people who want political union with the eu are so few and far between that you only hear from them on reddit . 
  my prefered solution tbh would really be to tell people to suck it up . 
  we 're increasing the minimum wage by 50 % over the next couple of years . 
  i expect it will raise unemployment as it becomes more affordable for employers to take the ni hit again and employ 1 person full time than it does 2 people part time . 
  that 's not a solution at all . 
  you place sometimes the qualifiers after the verbs , also . 
  that 's the biggest i 've noticed . 
  though most poles i talk to that are interested in improving their english astound me with the ease they can read ipa . 
  we do n't use ipa when learning foreign languages here , so i usually get blank stares from brits when i try and correct their mispronunciation of pronunciation as pronounciation . 
  yeah , unfortunately proper grammar seems to be taught in the uk by osmosis , rather than education . 
  that lends itself to a less consistent standard . 
  possibly . 
  he was poorly placed as education secretary , but he 's quite popular as justice secretary . 
  when you request a country , you 'll get a country . 
  that 's a loaded question . 
  if you ask what the deal with migration is , however , it 'll be the numbers . 
  no one 's blaming the people coming over . 
  we 're not stupid , we 'd do exactly the same in their position . 
  we 're incredibly aware of the impact of increased competition , that 's what 's brought the issue of immigration to the forefront in the first place . 
  i imagine the same number of people exclusively speak urdu or punjabi these days as will eu migrants exclusively speak their native tongues by generation 3 . 
  it 's very minimal - we even have a language test requirement for non-eu migration . 
  pretty much , yea . 
  it wo n't work . 
  you practically have to be earning minimum wage in a single income household to qualify for in work benefits these days anyway . 
  no one can afford to live like that in britain even with benefits , so no one 's going to fall for the bullshit negotiations . 
  likely no stats - we 've not been in the eu long enough to get a full picture yet . 
  uh ... that 's not really it . 
  we do n't really have issues with central/eastern european migration either , people who use immigration as a reason to leave the eu are largely concerned about either numbers and/or the preferential treatment eu citizens get . 
  that 's a double standard . 
  how can you see taxation as theft at the eu level but not see it 's theft at the national level ?
