  what throws me on initially looking at it is the damn crocodile and zebra . 
  i 'd waste valuable time wondering why a crocodile would hunt like that . 
  but that 's a personal quibble , i 'd rather be given a purely mathematical description rather than some `` real world '' example . 
  young people have a plurality in support of remaining in the eu , not a majority . 
  just like every other population demographic . 
  there are plenty of young people who support leaving the eu , usually polls around a third ( with those supporting staying polling normally just below half ) . 
  of course it is , they 're chasing away all the rich people . 
  neither . 
  we 've got plenty of things in common , but i 'm more likely to think of large parts of the anglosphere when considering countries most like britain . 
  that does n't feel like much of a family either though . 
  i 've yet to see a government that did n't inexorably tend towards centralisation . 
  no reason to believe a federalised europe would be any different . 
  not that i have a problem with folks who enjoy beer pong like the guy you 're replying to , but i really do n't . 
  in my mind , the point of a drinking game is to get people drunk primarily , and have fun whilst doing it secondarily . 
  beer pong 's not got enough opportunities to drink for me . 
  of course they would , like 80 % of people in the uk live in cities where they 'll never see a turbine towering over their houses . 
  at what point does controlled immigration imply kicking out people already here ? 
  you 're too young . 
  you 'll be dismissed as na\u00efve no matter what you say . 
  hang out on / r/uk and feel warm and cozy for the time being . 
  either build up industry and houses in the north , or build houses in the south . 
  any houses closer to london will invariably be more attractive to people than those further north , regardless of how many new jobs will be established ( never enough ) . 
  so if you attempt both at the same time then the northern developments will fail . 
  you have to take one of those solutions , also , as they will counteract the other . 
  i agree , we should totally rename the islands las malvinas . 
  there 's a distinct negative trend on our trade with the eu as a percentage of our global trade . 
  it 's 45 % as of april 2015 , and only going down . 
  the importance of the eu as a trade partner decreases the longer the issue is dragged out . 
  you mean biscuits and tea , right ? 
  would n't want to be portrayed as racist . 
  how so ? 
  negotiation always starts with outlandish demands you ca n't achieve . 
  anything less is weakening your position . 
  during the recession uk state spending contracted by 2 % . 
  the country 's still up in arms about the `` reckless scale '' of the cuts that are `` murdering everything britain cherishes . '', 
  ah yes , if people disagree with the eu it must be because they 're blind . 
  green belt has everything to do with it . 
  you seem to have a perception that it 's london or nothing . 
  there are large tracts of land that could be used to establish new towns and cities that ca n't be used due to green belt legislation . 
  we would n't _ need _ urban sprawl in london if we were allowed to build on more than a 20th of the land in the country . 
  people like the green belt legislation . 
  it wo n't change because `` we 're a tiny island with too many people on it . '', 
  [ leicester , uk ] ( http://www.leics.gov.uk/leics_coat_of_arms.jpg ) the four arms are , starting top-left and going clockwise : the beaumont family arms , the family of first earl of leicester robert de beaumont ; the de montfort family arms , who inherited earlship via succession through marriage to a beaumont ; the hastings family arms , who built a couple of castles nearby ; and the badge of john of gaunt , who was another earl . 
  the bull and sheep represent significant industries in the area . 
  the fox , and `` for ` ard , for ` ard '' represent fox hunting , which in its organised form originated in leicestershire in the late 17th century . 
  the hazel leaf to the left of the motto commemorates the services of lordhazlerigg for military services in the 20th century , and the martlet to the right is taken from the arms of sir robert martin , who was a long serving councillor . 
  yes . 
  i did n't say `` get passports , '' i said `` ready them . '', 
  it 'll be the smallest change in your lifestyle should the uk leave the eu . 
   i 'm just tired of the whining well tough . 
  whining 's a vital part of politics , it 's incredibly valuable in a democracy . 
  ready your passports . 
  i 'm not convinced this judge is right . 
  surely a judge has the authority to return the child in a case like this ? 
  we 're talking about people who can declare laws invalid . 
  we 've got the [ criminal negligence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_baby_p ) in the british system too . 
  in fact i 'd say this has come about as a reaction to that case . 
  no but it only takes spain ... 
  sure , but it only takes one country 's veto to stop ascension . 
   as if it was duped into joining we were . 
  the populace were told it was a customs union when it was put to referendum . 
  fuck all . 
  it 's not like we can do much to that regard as it is anyhow . 
  it 's not other eu leaders he has to persuade . 
  it 's pretty clear he wo n't get the reforms he wants . 
  so if he shouts at other eu leaders it might persuade some voters he has strength and that they should vote for his preferred option because he is strong , whereas merely coming back with tepid concessions wo n't have as much impact . 
  scotland ca n't achieve 30 %, 
  we 're great because we 're larger than bretagne . 
  yeah, 
  we 've not . 
  haha , i do n't understand the popularity of keijo, 
  they 're almost 20 trillion dollars in debt ... 
  well i ca n't exactly march across the channel , can i ? 
  every minor decision in your life changes such outcomes . 
  there are websites in my past that i 'd be a completely different person to who i am today if i 'd not visited , let alone voting in a referendum . 
  sovereignty means different things to different people . 
  to me , it 's self-ownership . 
  i do n't give a shit what other people mean by sovereignty , brexit is one step closer to what i want than not-brexit is . 
  yes . 
  though i 'm so anarchist i did n't even vote . 
  most civil was did happen over one stupid issue . 
  succession . 
  even if they were whipped , i ca n't imagine many respecting a whip from corbyn . 
  this is one of those times where pointing out that using then rather than than has a significant impact on the sentence , 
  though to this day only 3 are properly implemented . 
  perhaps it 's a constitutional issue , rather than one of being slighted , then ? 
  i 'm not gon na cite individual eu laws because the eu does a lot of things more favourably than the uk , but regardless westminster 's a lot closer to my own home than brussells is so i wholeheartedly support leaving the eu , as the first step towards regaining my sovereignty . 
  their hands have n't been tied by the referendum . 
  and since won 2 elections under the ukip banner . 
  i 'd dispute this . 
  i work in an office with people from all sorts of nationalities , and they rely just as much on english idioms as the natives do when communicating with each other . 
  part of my job also depends upon communicating with companies around the world , and since i 'm interested in languages in general , i 'll pop in some literal translations of idioms they might use when talking with them , and doing so means work gets done faster for me than it does for other employees ( and that actually impacted my recent payrise ) . 
  direct and succinct comes across as cold , which really does n't help with conducting business . 
  it 's quite often the case that people do n't realise what they 're saying is regionally restricted . 
  the frequency of people i 've had to surprise with `` cob does n't universally mean a bread roll '' since moving to the midlands 18 years ago has never waned , for example . 
  it 's not quite so simple as that `` that 's interesting '' means it 's crap ; it 's that it could mean it 's crap , it 's interesting , you 're _ not _ interested , you 're humouring someone , it 's unexpected , it 's noteworthy but not enthralling , the situation you just found yourself in was particularly concerning , or a multitude of other things . 
  there 's practically as many meanings for a phrase as there are native speakers that use it , which really does n't help with international communication . 
  pidgin english , 
  i. . . really do n't care . 
  i dread a 45 % price hike on oss d :,
