  i 've not heard anything about ben carson . 
  find it bizarre that he 's `` racing ahead '' for candidacy for a party that has a sizeable demographic that oppose/d obama based on his race . 
  as for the elections in general ... the campaigns last too long , and they cost too much . 
  the method for public funding of parties is bizarre too . 
  doubled funding if they get over 5 % of the vote ? 
  that just entrenches existing successful parties and dooms fringe parties to failure . 
   really ? 
  i ca n't imagine so for reasons other than trolling . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of anyone talking about disadvantaging ireland in a positive light before this post . 
  people are much more likely to suggest it could push ireland to leave the eu , which they would view as a positive thing . 
  if you 've moved to ireland i do n't think there 's any framework to deny you a vote . 
  because they open inwards . 
  yeah . 
  so 's my debit card . 
  so are the bank statements . 
  hell , with just some small personal details ( name , date of birth , estimated wage ) you could convince the bank you 're me and get access to my account . 
  i 'm rather fond of philip larkin . 
  he captures the cynical perspective really well . 
  not sure on how well known he is outside the uk , but there 's a reasonable chance he is . 
  here 's this be the verse . 
  they fuck you up , your mum and dad . 
  they may not mean to , but they do . 
  they fill you with the faults they had and add some extra , just for you . 
  but they were fucked up in their turn by fools in old-style hats and coats , who half the time were soppy-stern and half at one another 's throats . 
  man hands on misery to man . 
  it deepens like a coastal shelf . 
  get out as early as you can , and do n't have any kids yourself . 
  arguably it 'd be the decisions of their host countries that impact their legal status . 
  britain 's non/membership of the eu does n't _ have _ to change that . 
  i pay my phone bill every month that way : /, 
  i 'm sure this would all go away if we just learned about it in school and voiced our concerns , yeah ... 
  which is hopefully why this will never make it through the lords . 
   addiction to junk food is not ' a little weaker ' than addiction to heroin . 
  people will not beg , steal and kill to afford mcdonalds , but they will do that and more to fuel their drug addictions . 
  the magnitude of the issue is of a different order , and pretending that it 's just like any other industry would be dangerous and wrong . 
  arguably because almost everything we eat in the west contains the same shit mcdonalds puts in their food . 
  the itch is always scratched . 
  it can have two meanings . 
  it can mean satisfactory , but it can also mean of high quality . 
  intonation is key . 
  it 's quite funny given their reaction to recent house of lords decisions . 
  chances are it 's a combination of the three - or that this is a new permanent state of affairs and prior generations wealth was just a blip where the world was at the right place . 
  yeah the languages thing is cool . 
  where i live there 's tonnes of languages on the signs , which is great for my love of languages . 
  if nothing else it helps me intuit basic sentence structure . 
  no , and i 'm not particularly happy about that either . 
  my point was that the eu was imposed without any referendum to determine . 
  hell , we were lied to about joining the eec - we had a referendum on a `` common market , '' not an organisation with political ambition . 
  i could n't tell you . 
  given it was blair in charge at the time , chances are more of the former . 
  when i think of europe , i do n't think of the uk either , to be fair . 
  it extends way further down than the national level . 
  that attitude pervades everything . 
  i can talk shit about my village , you ca n't . 
  i can talk shit about my friends , you ca n't . 
  is new zealand in a particularly bad place ? 
  we also got lucrative oil deals out of iraq . 
  more than zero interest . 
  vietnam too . 
  i do n't remember choosing this . 
  i have n't even read of anyone choosing to be in the eu . 
  strikes me as a few hasty conclusions on a personal experience . 
  having a racist neighbour 's obviously going to tarnish your entire experience in a country . 
  to declare a country the worst place in the world to study if you 're not white , whilst comparing it to one of the most multicultural areas of the world , is ... presumptuous at best . 
  perfidy, 
  it 's the same for all countries . 
  also explains nostalgia . 
  shit stuff 's forgotten eventually . 
  no , but i 've never heard of a government pushing for a comfortabe option . 
  green policies , on the other hand ... 
  it 's curious that they 're pushing for this on tampons , rather than more environmentally sustainable solutions such as menstrual cups . 
  the entire reason we have a nuclear capability is because we do n't trust even the us to protect us from nuclear assault . 
  we 're perfectly happy continuing spending `` a fortune '' and i do n't see what it has to do with membership of the eu . 
  actually , it does n't . 
  if britain were nuked , france and the us have every incentive not to nuke back because the opponent will have already demonstrated willingness to use them and not countering could spare them being hit . 
  sorry , you 're right . 
  rather than say `` rather hassle than the alternative . '', 
  i should 've just said `` nice straw man . '', 
  and waited for the delicious upvotes . 
  well no , but i 'm not gon na waste my time writing paragraphs to address a straw man . 
  if i 'm ignoring you , it 's definitely me being rude , rather than timid . 
  i do n't see why i should waste time on something or someone i do n't care for , and most people stop talking when they realise they 're not being listened to . 
  well it would be difficult to have worse relations ... 
  of course not . 
  that entire game is for parodying the attitudes people stereotype , hence the whole `` things you would n't hear '' thing they have going on . 
  rather hassle than the alternative . 
  it 's making up for the fact that policy for the last 20 years was not to invest in nuclear at all . 
  britain currently has about 2 % spare capacity - we ca n't really afford to wait for testing to finish , brownouts were predicted for this year and as far as i can tell the risk was mostly reduced by lower demand rather than more generation . 
  last year we had to bring in reserve power supply to keep the lights on . 
  i do have a strong compulsion to play it now . 
  when will that be exactly ? 
  technically yes . 
  i bet `` they 'd '' abstain from prosecution , but if they fancy a test case i 'll hold my hand up and say i own and have read lolita . 
  it 's done in the uk - . - feels like i 've gone through all these comments about dangerous paths and had to say ` the uk already does this . ', 
  depressing, 
  not necessarily just want to - lolicon and shotacon , as well as their literature equivalents , are banned in the uk , along with porn with people who `` look '' underage . 
  not cited , that 's just common belief . 
  the brits in the article did n't look hard enough for support in the uk . 
  the support is available , it 's just not done through the nhs . 
  given my memory of school is fading so i ca n't say how accurate i 'm being , but this is ... well , it 's what would have been taught in higher maths as during the autumn term .
