  viewers are to mainstream media as voters are to cameron - worthless as individuals rather than groups , and by and large not technically literate enough to understand the sheer vitality of encryption . 
  i 'm not happy . 
  particularly after what 's happened in my monkey sphere in the last month . 
  guns should be more accessible . 
  the complete blanket ban on handguns makes no sense and was clearly an emotional overreaction . 
  people should n't be charged with murder when using firearms in self defence if evidence bears that out . 
  pepper spray and tasers should be completely legal to carry - when has a rape whistle ever incapacitated your attacker ? 
  because it 's anonymous and you can file for bankruptcy without losing your wealth , presumably . 
  so long as you know how to protect your wallet . 
  it 's basically neither . 
  probably not . 
  i imagine they do n't make for great employees if they 're uneducated . 
  heh yea , sorry the wording was poor . 
  bmw and mercedes are the two top ones . 
  surely some of the ez members left stronger currencies to join the euro ? 
  no concerns about draughts here . 
  you 'd have to be agoraphobic to completely avoid them , and that 's no way to live . 
  `` just '', 
  even if this manages to get through parliament ( it 'll just take one mp to point out that banks require encryption , and members of the cabinet have already mentioned this to the press the last time cameron said things about this ) then it wo n't do anything . 
  there will be mass civil disobedience , even if only through ignorance . 
  people will still be using https whether they realise it or not . 
  the foodbank rise in the uk is largely after a policy change from job centres not being allowed to mention the option of foodbanks to people struggling , to them either being encouraged to or being required to . 
  well , they have an image of closed door immigration policy . 
  i 've found that simply having a sponsor for work can be enough in most cases for asian countries , if you look into it . 
  that sucks :( if i could send you bacon i would , it 's ridiculously cheap here at the moment if you do n't mind about the quality of the cut ( as in the shape , not the meat quality ), 
  mercedes actually . 
  volkswagen 's up there though !, 
  behind peugeot and citro\u00ebn though ( those two actually use the same parts so it was always gon na be both or neither ) . 
  everything 's relative . 
  you quickly get used to any given standard of living , and that standard dropping is painful . 
  bad news for russians going keto then, 
  heh , it 's funny you say that , one of my businesses trades in car parts and the two biggest markets are german franchises :p, 
  it 's nice to know at least some of the players are thinking long term . 
  aha , i 'd love to see verhofstadt leading too . 
  nah , uk of gbr and ruk, 
   i 've been reading comments on reddit for years about how you guys are so much better than us americans with your welfare and universal healthcare systems but when some of your own are suffering and ca n't afford rent and ca n't find work , your excuse is to just kick them out which is the exact opposite of what you preach . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  they 're not one of `` our own . '', 
  i hold a british passport which also happens to say i 'm a citizen of europe , not a european passport that says it was issued in a british office . 
  furthermore , greece acceded to the eu based on falsified financial data . 
  once bitten , twice shy and all . 
  worth pointing out that this is ... well , not my view per se , but it explains why things are playing out like they are . 
  i do n't give a shit about my passport , and it made sense for greece to falsify their information , from a greek perspective . 
  and there 's why you never hear from them . 
  * my * high horse ? 
  reread what you wrote , but sub out the mail with a paper you enjoy reading . 
  they 're not difficult to get . 
  you 've just got ta have a psych eval and demonstrate you 've prepared suitable storage for the weapon and ammo . 
  in the uk at least . 
  i 'd imagine there are countries where it 's harder , and i know there are countries where it 's easier . 
  so when that majority decides to remove minority rights from law ... ? 
  obviously . 
  ( first and second generation ) immigrants are n't likely to vote for anti-immigration parties . 
  mexico and us are members of nafta, 
  how did it show that ? 
  hell , the eurozone members were all bar one fucked from lacking control of their own currency . 
  that alone shows there 's already too much eu for 18 countries . 
  then read it as vetoing . 
   i do n't know about this one , a small group of people getting to veto what is essentially a democratic process does n't feel right , but i do not know how the negotiations will go . 
  that 's actually the only way to protect people 's rights . 
  if a minority can not object to a majority in any circumstance , then nothing is safe from change . 
  not a hindrance , we 're saving you from yourselves, 
  fantastically open , well-rounded mind you 've got there . 
  he 's accused of committing rape , you mean . 
  sure thing, 
  ban this sick filth !, 
   if he does n't get what he want , the uk gov might as well turn around and go for a ` no ' in that case . 
  i 've better chances of winning the lottery twice , than the government campaigning for a no vote . 
  yeah , and i 'm not best pleased about that either . 
  you could arm every man , woman and child in your country and the only difference it would make from a russian invasion is that there 'd be no one left to liberate after you 've been occupied . 
  if people wo n't voluntarily defend themselves from invasion ... yes , surrender `` like the frogs '' or be a target of ethnic cleansing . 
  it 'd be a direct consequence of choices made by people of their own volition . 
  not for the other 5 %, 
  true , i was umming and ahhing about adding a yet to the end of that . 
  though i 'm not sure where we 'd want to go !, 
  i hate flying so not the middle of the atlantic , any further away 's too close to the us and any closer is pointless if the goal 's to leave europe :p, 
  pinch here being an old imperial term for around 3 litres . 
  ignoring the false equivocation , you need to distinguish between europe and the eu . 
  it 's not physically possible for us to leave europe . 
  nice try , you 're probably half-briton yourself , 
  we should n't have to find some loophole . 
  there 's no country in the eu these people passed through that they 're seeking refuge from , no treaty obligates britain to rescue people fleeing from wartorn france at this time . 
  the refugees are an issue of border control and fallout of schengen . 
  you could n't force us to stay with an army , anyway . 
  we shall never surrender , and if , which i do not for a moment believe , this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving , then our empire beyond the seas , armed and guarded by the british fleet , would carry on the struggle , until , in god 's good time , the new world , with all its power and might , steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old . 
  it would n't be british to comment . 
   usually with meats smell is a good indicator of taste . 
  i find the opposite 's true more often . 
  in fact the only exception i can think of is beef , that smells nice raw , but then i also would rather eat it raw . 
  that 's tax evasion  there 's supposedly a distinction somewhere, 
  their lumia devices are fantastic bits of kit and they sell well . 
  the lumia series are wp devices . 
   i taught english in china and was forced to speak with an american accent well there goes any hopes of me teching english as a second language . 
  people can speak with an american accent all they want , but i 'm not teaching people to speak in a way that i ca n't . 
  i voted for the red kite . 
  pretty disappointed :(, 
  it 's not the organisation , it 's the principle of the organisation . 
  no amount of change within the organisation will change the fact that it is the organisation in principle . 
  ca n't speak for the us , but i 'm pretty sure it 'd be illegal to prohibit foreign countries ( certainly eu ones ) from competing for contracts here . 
  they might collect every fortnight in your constituency , but here we get the delights of one collection every week .
