  furthermore , i have no civil responsibilities . 
  i do n't like people telling me what to do . 
  it 'd be hypocritical of me to vote . 
  i do n't have any pride over the issue . 
  the only reason i support brexit ( i 'm not even voting ) is because westminster 's a lot closer than brussells is . 
  every single issue i have with the eu will be transferred into issues i have with the uk . 
  such effort though, 
  what ? 
  us saying we 'll have no part of this has generally resulted in us having no part of it and you lot going ahead with it . 
  can you point to some specific instances of us hindering the eu ? 
  if it ca n't be delivered before the 30th of june i 'm not interested . 
  when can it be delivered ? 
  i 'll pass , thanks . 
  well you did arm the ira ... 
   a lot of the polls gave the independence a lead , and they lost in the end . 
  what ? 
  only one poll gave independence a lead . 
  rumour has it france , germany and ireland will take our jobs as business flees . 
  probably there , 
  i never said anything of the sort . 
  sure , but anyone who had with that email address ? 
  i just voted for them . 
  it 's very easy to forge an email . 
  i could pick up a mailing list for like $ 500 and get myself hundreds of thousands of votes . 
  i would n't say i 'm fearful , and i 'm not placing a vote anyway , but i 'm finding it a bit intimidating in that this is the first time i could put an x in a box and feel like i 'm actually wielding power to shape the country . 
  there 's some anxiety , not necessarily for the result , but for the process . 
  because of the nulabour government introducing them . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity_cards_act_2006 ) 's a pretty comprehensive overview of the scheme . 
  i 'll quote the bit that strikes me as most obscene , from the feature creep bit of the criticism part . 
   for example , gordon brown was reported to be `` planning a massive expansion of the id cards project that would widen surveillance of everyday life by allowing high-street businesses to share confidential information with police databases . 
  '' [ 117 ] he apparently described how `` police could be alerted as soon as a wanted person used a biometric-enabled cash card or even entered a building via an iris-scan door . 
  i 'm struggling to pin it down , because the ice cream i want is dependent on context . 
  but on a hot sunny day like today , passionfruit ice cream ca n't be beaten . 
  starting a chain reaction of fleeing businesses =  secessionist movements , muahahahaha !, 
  the interesting thing is that it 's the short term investors that people have been basically shitting on for `` causing the recession '' so perhaps the people most apalled by the loss of investment might come to see it as more of a good thing than those who do n't particularly care about the loss or see it as a necessary sacrifice at the moment . 
  we did n't even vote to join the eu . 
  could , not would . 
  the big concern people have with the refugee situation is that they 'll eventually become eu citizens and then we ca n't stop them coming over . 
  just shy of two thirds do n't back it . 
  either way you wo n't be making some frenchfolk happy . 
  nasty party 's a soundbite . 
  nothing more . 
  leave it to the tories and cameron will be gone before he has the opportunity . 
  you 'll wind up with someone in place that wo n't choose the eea path . 
  the mechanisms the uk uses for opt-outs is available to all members . 
  do n't have a go at us for using them just because you do n't . 
  labour wo n't work to push cameron out of office if he 's going to do everything that they want in the event of brexit _ and _ take all the flak for it . 
  they 'll keep him in long enough to piss off people who voted leave and then he 'll be ousted . 
  the eea can refuse to implement eu directives . 
  we 'd have the ability to determine how far we integrate with the eu . 
  some people voting leave actually like freedom of movement . 
  because we 've helped fund bailouts for countries that adopted the euro when it was clear to us at the time that it would screw them over . 
  an average of all polls shows a 1 % leave for remain . 
  it 's not all that unlikely that brexit will happen . 
  the sample size is remarkably similar for a population of 25000 as it is for a population of 5000000 . 
  population past a certain point does n't have much impact ( basically there are few if any countries where sample size will have much impact ) . 
  we did n't push monetary union . 
  the death penalty has popular support in the uk . 
  i doubt it 'll be enacted , but if it were put to referendum it could win . 
  anyone who is anti-nationalist would have to leave the eu as the first step in abolishing nationhood . 
  no , a vacant gap to be plugged with rainbow coalitions . 
  no one party is looking strong enough to form even a two party coalition were an election to be called today , tbh . 
  i 'm not sure all of europe raising its defence spending to 2 % of gdp would be enough to stop a russian aggression . 
  spanish is not a required language . 
  it 's only required that two languages are taught . 
  at my school it was french and german . 
  probably that we ca n't force them to do it , and they 've washed their hands of us so we 'll treat them in kind . 
  personally , i ca n't even visit a country for the weekend without learning some of the local dialect , so i do n't understand why people do it but tbh given that a lot of them are retirees , it 's understandable . 
  they 'll probably die before they get a decent grasp of the language . 
  it wo n't strictly be the comments themselves , but the attitude they pervade . 
  i do n't think that anyone 's said the economy wo n't be hit by leaving . 
  the arguement 's usually `` it 'll be better in the long run '' or `` it 's worth it for [ insert reason here , something about democracy probably ] '', 
  i 'm not really sure how relevant this is . 
  the only surefire recourse we have with british territories is to threaten them with british rule , which will have as bad if not a worse reaction than the demonstration that they 're facilitators of corruption . 
  tbh that could just be there for a level of parity with our education . 
  iunno , i feel like the national flower of wales is pretty common knowledge in the uk . 
  i do n't doubt it really , we 've taken up vaping in a big way and it 's a pretty useful industry to fill a dying high street , as well as the nhs repeatedly insisting it saves tens of thousands of lives a year . 
  plenty of ammo for cross party support there, 
  the impact is significantly less than that of car exhausts . 
  would you ban them ? 
  enoch powell . 
  `` enoch was right '' gets a lot of folks i know . 
  i 've gone from passionately supporting leave to borderline not caring any more . 
  i ca n't identify with either campaign , even if siding with leave would get the result i want . 
  the administrative cost of this alone means it 's just not gon na happen . 
  i do n't actually listen to much music - if it 's not mapped for osu !, 
  i 'm not likely to seek it out . 
  that being said , if i find an artist i like i 'm happy to listen over and over again without getting burned out . 
  i 'm really fond of folk music , so to that end my two favourite artists are icelandic - [ s\u00f3ley ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqnlt5he9h4 ) and [ \u00d3l\u00f6f arnalds ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtaynalhq2g ) . 
  not for 800 years !, 
  the us is the only country that 's ever had free speech . 
  it 's not a western thing . 
  i feel germany and austria are better comparisons , here . 
  it 's not a recent phenomenon , unfortunately, 
  yea but i 'm quarter sheepshagger and some of my friends are sheepshaggers so it 's fine . 
  that 's so elegant , i 'd half suspect you constructed your entire language around that phrase : o, 
  technically it can take -3 months , 
  heh , if it were just physically changing votes might as well do that at the count . 
  postal votes makes turnouts higher than 100 % possible . 
  well it _ is _ the united kingdom of england , lesser england , sheepshagging england and that other bit,
