  cameron had a damp squib , not a deal . 
  there was nothing in it . 
  the percentage actually supporting that was about equal for populations that identify as white british . 
  it just so happens that in places with higher levels of migration , those people make a lower percentage of the population of the constituency . 
  every single exception and privilege we 've negotiated has been open to other member states to subscribe to . 
  that your country chose not to is _ your _ problem , not ours . 
  no one voted for cameron either , save his local constituents . 
  the significant bit is getting under 30 hours so the employer does n't have to pay ni contributions . 
  the problem arises when people pushing for political correctness call those who oppose it nazis , and those who oppose it call those who push for it neger [ sympathiser ] s. 
  metric dozen 's a joke term for 10 . 
  it 's an example - i was pointing out the ease of working with thirds and quarters in imperial measurement systems . 
   the metric system is so much more convenient ok , i 'd like a quarter of a metric dozen eggs , please . 
  or even better , a third . 
   they are expensive and stock nothing i ca n't get for less money in the supermarket . 
  if you were to base it just off meat value , the butcher 's probably on a par or cheaper . 
  the meat i used to buy from supermarkets was half water . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the eu 's fault . 
  hell i 'm pretty sure i implied the blame is with the companies doing this . 
  i said is that this will have influenced votes , particularly by people complaining about foreigners taking their jobs . 
  yeah , they 're exclusive to the uk , but brits are also keenly aware that they have to personally opt out of them so signing a contract which does so is a conscious act many are primed to avoid . 
  by employing foreigners , they are exploiting a mindset that sees the working time directive as a de facto standard , who might have trouble reading the contract to see that they are opting out , and who might not have the confidence in english to complain about their working conditions ( underserved breaks , long or variable hours with short notice , hell even refusal of access to toilets or water in some cases - from stuff opted out of to highly illegal practices ) , and by doing so exclusively they bypass the concerns of employing people on the same level who _ do _ understand their rights and might persuade their colleagues to take action . 
  sure , you shifted the context to newcomers in the second clause of your sentence . 
  the context to me reads to be about people not speaking dutch . 
  that 's not how i read it at all . 
  difficult to find at the moment , all the news is that the brexit department of the civil service was set up on the 27th of june . 
  which i guess is testimony ? 
  that 's not it . 
  it 's that foreign workers do n't have as much of an understanding of uk employment rights . 
  it 's easier to get them to sign contracts opting out of the working time directive , they 're less likely to report mistreatment in the workplace , etc. 
  i saw a lot of resentment to morrocans when i visited a friend in den haag . 
  heh , that 's probably why my two strongest foreign languages are french and japanese . 
  i had to give up on german when every time i had a conversation in austria , it 'd be me speaking crappy german and them replying in crappy english , neither of us backing down . 
  they will be held accountable if , when elected to government , they fail to implement the promises . 
  it 's difficult to hold someone accountable for something if they do n't have the means to succeed or fail with it . 
  the only person on the leave campaign with any authority was gove , and any preparations he could have made in the run up to the referendum were superseded by cameron 's instructions not to prepare _ anything at all _ . 
  at the moment it 's looking like it 'll be difficult for them to lose elections . 
   the head of the government ran a `` we ca n't see how it could be good '' campaign . 
  they are n't going to then try and deliver the free balloons and unicorns promised by the other side . 
  they did n't think it was possible . 
  the head of the government also forbade the civil service from making _ any _ preparations for leave winning the referendum , in case it gave weight to the leave campaign . 
  _ that 's _ why the uk is in disarray at the moment , not because cameron did n't want to implement free balloons and unicorns . 
  he did n't implement anything at all . 
  by all accounts eu unity seems to be rising by the withdrawal of the uk . 
  if they 're eu nationalists , they should be staying in the uk to sabotage developments and make leaving the eu even worse . 
  doggerland maybe ? 
  if there 's anyone feeling this already , can you explain what 's caused it please ? 
   that does n't sound democratic at all , more like `` dictatorship of the majority '' of the worst kind . 
  one and the same, 
  do i detect a level of self interest , / u/thepornindustry ? 
  it 's not that the minimum wage is too low . 
  it 's that a minimum wage is minimum wage - benefits for them . 
  it 's effectively taking a job at half of minimum wage . 
  do n't need to go that far . 
  just stop substituting benefits for earned money at a 1:1 ratio . 
  reduce benefits by 50p for every # 1 earned instead and people will work . 
  i suppose that 's the big one . 
  companies only advertising vacancies in the eastern bloc certainly went some way to securing the brexit vote . 
  they 've basically been doing that for years already quite frankly , anyone who does their research should know it 's not gon na go towards anything other than defecit reduction . 
  migration did n't start in 2011 . 
  not with what you can glean from that video . 
  the uk 's legal resources should be focused on arresting the child abusers and child abuse enablers in parliament . 
  not quibbling over liars . 
  generally , when appealing to open minded people , you should present an argument . 
  did you vote in the referendum ? 
  if so , they represent you . 
  they could have tried listening . 
   i personally do not understand why people feel `` proud '' of the place they are born . 
  to me pride is something reserved for what you achieved and not for circunstances that are out of my control . 
  blindly saying `` my city/country is better than yours '' just seems silly to me because , most of the times , people actually do n't go out of their way to explore/understand other places you 're doing the same thing . 
  what 's the difference between a country and a continent ? 
  foreign aid was one of 3 things protected from cuts in the previous and current governments . 
  it 's not going to be reduced unless ukip win a majority . 
  why ? 
  we were apparently the road block preventing the other 27 countries dissolving their nations entirely . 
  you think of yourself as one country , we will too . 
  it 's not clear how it 's defined . 
  there are a lot of people born in the commonwealth who are entitled to and claim uk citizenship , despite never living or potentially even visiting the uk , and the caption for the image at the start of the article suggests these people will be counted in the statistics . 
  he is n't going to be pm . 
  he just wanted to ruin boris , if you ask me . 
  as someone who 's experienced both of those , there 's a marked difference . 
  i was n't talking about this specific referendum . 
  if you 're imposing rules on referenda , it has to be uniform . 
  the uk already has a harmonised economy and set of standards . 
  we 're not starting from the same point as canada . 
  you need to change your ca n't to did n't need to . 
  just the un continuing to claim britain 's the worst place in the world . 
  so at what point do we say `` we 're leaving , fuck the rules ? '', 
  cameron should n't be getting shit for calling the referendum - it was better to get it out the way now than it was to wait _ another _ 5 years and build up tension further . 
  he should be getting shit for refusing to let the civil service prepare for a leave vote . 
  that 's what 's fucked the uk . 
  we have some boring truthful ones too . 
  they do n't get anywhere near as much circulation , because they 're boring and truthful . 
  it 's like a month 's worth of frozen chips :p, 
  search for images of his dad and be ready to believe . 
  if he 'd publicised the fact that he refused to let the civil service prep for brexit at all , remain would have won . 
  the block was a footnote in the news , it did n't even feature in the campaigns . 
  gove backed boris ' campaign , then withdrew his support and pledged to run for leadership also , taking the wind out of boris ' sails and most of the support boris had with him . 
  this after gove choosing said team himself and convincing boris not to select any other high profile leave campaigners for the team . 
  why 60 % for leave and not remain ? 
  what if the referendum 's presenting a choice of two options , neither of which are the status quo ?
