trust me , if the hansen 's predictions of sea level rise i do not trust his predictions . 
  although i believe it 's important that we reduce the release of carbon dioxide , i do n't support doom saying prophets . 
  be scientific about it . 
   it is also about overconsumption ( and thus destruction of renewable and nonrenewable resources ) . 
  i do n't believe there is overconsumption of any vital resource . 
  the fossil fuels , helium some species of fish are all that come to mind that we actually risk running out of . 
  the rest we are only expected to extract more of . 
  there can be more efficient use of some resources though , recycling and such , but nothing absolutely critical to our future . 
   ecological footprint is a measurement of pollution , but a horrible way to measure the carrying capacity ; though you are not the first to do so . 
  pollution is not intrinsic and therefore does not strictly follow population growth . 
  we 're only increasing the availability of other resources ( food , and raw materials ) thereby increasing the carrying capacity as time goes . 
  a hundred years ago our carrying capacity was a fraction of today 's , there is no limit to how far we can increase it . 
   if russia wanted to it could get together an army several times larger than the whole estonian population . 
  and they have done so in history . 
  the only way to fight such a force was by guerilla tactics . 
  indeed , it 's mainly the russian minority that use russian as a lingua franca , and successfully so in most east block states . 
  this is a great driver for russian influence . 
  greater knowledge of english among the younger generations somewhat combats this . 
  no , it would risk strengthening the russian language as the lingua franca . 
  and might lessen the national identity . 
  latvia is about the same , although a weaker economy is driving more emigration . 
  lithuania is safe with a larger more homogeneous population , although also have a shrinking population . 
  there is actually only about 900 thousand estonians . 
  the rest is mostly russians , ukrainians or other russian speaking soviet immigrants . 
  the survival of the estonian identity has absolutely been in question . 
  they may be more numerous than for example icelanders , but they have been under great linguistic and cultural pressure from russia . 
  spectacular for the survival of both language and culture . 
  small counties have a difficult situation . 
  there is today no lack of resources in estonia to withstand a higher population . 
  in a global perspective there are places in more difficult situations , but the would can absolutely sustain a greater population . 
  food and energy is abundant . 
  i guess you 're thinking of the pollution problem ? 
  the least necessary and most costly solution would be to adjust population levels . 
  coal burning is not a necessity , and should not affect our goals regarding population . 
   genocide is the intentional action to systematically eliminate an ethnic , national , racial or religious group . 
  killing because of race is called racially motivated murder . 
  genocide has a very different definition and can not be a single local event . 
  i 'd like to end this genocide discussion here , it never leads anywhere to dive further into definitions . 
   you see , it is not as white and black as we see here . 
  that was my point ... 
  there has been killings by both sides , the [ maraga massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maraga_massacre ) is an example of the azerbaijani counterpart , but nothing that can reasonably be labelled genocide . 
  shit , gender fluid is actually a thing . 
  til . 
   tries to occupy azerbaijan 's soil it 's really unclear who 's soil it is . 
  historically both have claims to it . 
  due to complicated soviet politics , it controversially ended up as a part of azerbaijan in the early 20th century . 
  both countries absolutely have a claim , and there is no genocide going on in the area . 
   and it 's impossible to find out the authorities ' side of the story , because the child protection service wo n't discuss individual cases , to protect children 's privacy . 
  the media will never know . 
  parents have a monopoly on the story , and tend to not want to admit actions that put them in a bad light . 
  this is the reason for the `` lack of valid justification '' . 
  no information about the justification can ever go public . 
   i say let them join us nordics , we need some new blood . 
  agreed . 
  it 's the only reason you have n't been seen as nordic . 
  i do n't condone it . 
  but i see no other reason . 
  i think nordic people still are afraid that you are under russian/slavic influence . 
  but in the not too distant future i 'm sure you 'll be seen as nordic again . 
   it 's a geographical thing . 
  how so ? 
  i see no geographical reason for them not to be nordic . 
  it 's rather their recent history . 
  pkk lives on having support from the people . 
  they get stronger for every turkish raid and , as it 's implemented , weaker for every concession . 
   are n't the kronors all pegged to the euro ? 
  loss of personal freedom is not at all seen as a minor thing . 
   most attacks on civilians are definitely terrorist because their primary goal is to spread fear among the population . 
  most people would n't agree with you since states commonly attack civilian targets with the intent to kill civilians . 
  the us has also done this during the world wars for example . 
   total war is warfare that includes any and all civilian-associated resources and infrastructure as legitimate military targets , and typically involves the use of weapons and tactics that result in significant civilian or other non-combatant casualties , whether collateral damage or not . 
   actions that may characterize the post-19th century concept of total war include :  * strategic bombing , as during : world war ii , the korean war , and the vietnam war ( operations rolling thunder and linebacker ii )  * blockade and sieging of population centers , as per : the siege of leningrad and the allied blockade of germany during the first and second world wars . 
   * scorched earth policy , as per : the march to the sea during the american civil war and the japanese `` three alls policy '' during the second sino-japanese war . 
   * commerce raiding , tonnage war , and unrestricted submarine warfare , as per : privateering , the german u-boat campaigns of the first and second world wars , and the united states submarine campaign against japan during world war ii . 
   * collective punishment , pacification operations , and reprisals against populations deemed hostile , as per : the execution and deportation of suspected communards following the fall of the 1871 paris commune or german reprisal policy targeting resistance movements , insurgents , and untermenschen such as in france ( e.g. 
  maill\u00e9 massacre ) and poland . 
   * the use of civilians and prisoners of war as forced labor for military operations , as with japan and germany 's massive use of forced laborers of other nations during world war ii  * giving no quarter ( i.e. 
  take no prisoners ) , as with hitler 's commando order during world war ii https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/total_war, 
  we do n't keep tabs on second generation . 
  but having this many first generation immigrants , whom often come from far more difficult locations than the ones who come to america , is absolutely comparable . 
  i 'd even say we have a much more difficult situation . 
  absolute numbers are irrelevant . 
  we have a greater percentage of our population born abroad and many have come as refugees form contrasting cultures . 
  there is no denying that our demographic problems are of massive proportions . 
  we might not have that same demographic troubles but there is no ignoring facts . 
  data is as old as 1979 . 
  today we have large immigrant neighborhoods all over the country . 
  religion and languages are not all that makes diversity . 
  there are huge difficulties with having a large refugee population , this ca n't be left out when talking about diversity . 
  the guy admitted being an american earlier . 
   but if you were discussing with americans about that subject then sweden is certainly more homogeneous . 
  that can be disputed . 
  we in fact have a larger portion of our population born abroad . 
  we 're very much a mesh of cultures . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_immigrant_population and we continue to have a much greater immigration . 
   sounds less impressive if you focus on absolute numbers it absolutely is less impressive because of statistical reasons . 
  but the point here is that it 's a milestone in the more relevant statistical lowering of chrime related death . 
  that is not something that in anyway is easier for estonia than for russia simply because of size comparisons , that 'd be an outrageous statement . 
   that is about the size of a city and so the entire process of representation is much less complicated than the system that emerges in a more populated country . 
  this is why local governance is a thing in larger countries .
