  the thing is that , for the state , less income is pretty much the same thing as greater expenditure . 
  he even replaced the original roof tiles with plastic ones and the original windows with bar less single glass windows . 
  i ca n't understand why somebody would do that . 
  it 's going to be pretty much impossible to restore . 
  i would have loved to move in and restore the house to its glory , but now no one ever will . 
  should be illegal . 
   as has the rate of young greeks moving abroad . 
  that would be emigrants . 
  tldr : the electricity comes from nuclear . 
  the advances in cheaper lithium batteries has been good and constant . 
  cheaper lithium batteries are why we have many more electric cars now . 
  it 's underwhelming only if you had unrealistic expectation . 
  hight capacity batteries are getting cheaper every year , and thereby closer to being able to replace gasoline , soon tax incentives wo n't be needed . 
  battery life is indeed not yet where we want it , but it 's getting closer . 
  are you thinking of the remove kebab song ? 
   naturally constrained artificially constrained ? 
  are you sure not all three relay languages are required . 
  the alternative would be that all interpreters are fluent in translating from all three languages . 
  which would require the maltese translator to be fluent in at least these three languages then . 
  you also need three translators . 
  it must be simultaneously translated into french , english and german which are the relay languages for further translation . 
  no half-arsed translations are accepted either . 
  there must be full availability for reliable translation or they do n't provide the option for translation at all . 
   we have multiple options if we leave . 
  i only see how you 're burning your bridges . 
  even a trade agreement with us would be hard for you to get without major concessions . 
  we 're not their nannies . 
  their own policies caused the problems , and you fault us for not forcing them to change their system earlier ? 
  greece and every other member state has been independent and responsible for their own economic policies . 
  this is the sort of union we are , and the sort of union greece joined . 
  the only reason we helped them at all was because it would be slightly damaging for us if they defaulted . 
  there was no compassion , nor did we in any way feel obligated . 
  it was a minor annoyance that they could n't keep their spending in check , and we blame them for not following the rules and guidance of the monetary union . 
  they held a riot outside the stadium . 
  but the russians are definitely getting the most heat for what they did inside . 
  he was arrested for not paying for the meal . 
  something he had done multiple times before . 
  yes all sources are biased to a degree . 
  a biased source might include a few good arguments . 
  these arguments could indeed possibly lead to an interesting to debate , but that would require people to swift through things such as one sided facts and straw-man arguments just to get to the few actually valid arguments ; arguments that could just as well be found in a less biased article . 
  a biased article is simply a bad read , even if people can avoid being indoctrinated by the propaganda . 
   i do n't believe you can make a balanced point without consideration of biased ones . 
  why so ? 
  biased means to misrepresent the facts to promote a side . 
  unbiased means to represent both sides in a just manor . 
  you find biased articles interesting , i do n't . 
  you 're repeating yourself because of that there is n't much to argue about . 
  i think biased articles are shit and will read balanced ones instead . 
  you can do as you please . 
  that would require me reading it . 
  i see no reason to do so . 
  i 'm sorry , but some articles are just bad . 
   not just flat out reject the entire article based on motives . 
  it 's exactly what i did . 
  there are many good and unbiased articles out there . 
  people indeed should rather read them , solely based on the fact that they are not biased as this . 
  could you fill me in ? 
  i 'm not accustomed to american politics . 
  dismissal is justified . 
  sourcing some of its facts is not enough to be respected as valid input in a debate , since even sourced and true facts can be used to mislead a reader . 
  trust in the pragmatic motives of the writer is needed , or else there is no need for people to read the article at all . 
  that the contents are clearly written and published by biased interests is very relevant critique of its contents . 
  we in sweden experimented with extremely strong welfare programs in in the 60-70s . 
  it actually had the notorious effect of some youth deciding working was n't necessary , and even made fun of people who worked as they walked by in the streets . 
  this was portrayed in a famous ( at least in sweden ) documentary called `` they call us misfits '' from 1968 . 
  he 's a simple minded fool , but quite well represents what 's wrong with swedish politics . 
  i obviously do n't . 
  you even just called me a racist , thereby proving my point . 
  do you deny that you tried to disprove me , not by bringing facts or logic , but by accusing me of being dishonest ? 
  i do n't deny that i in response used the exact same method by calling you a troll . 
  is this not so ? 
  what is it you know ? 
  tell me . 
  since you too are from sweden you should have witnessed the same events as me and know that what i have said is true . 
  although your name tells me that you 're a troll , and you just implied that what i 'm racist . 
  i wo n't take that bate . 
  can you explain ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're arguing against . 
  what you are correct about is that the tow sides are going to the extreme ends to the spectrum , while few middle liners remain . 
  i think the right out racist sites only exist because of the lack of journalists operating in the middle ground . 
   well obviously this must be true , it 's not like germany was a special case of a population needing immigrants to make up for war dead and a burgeoning post war market ... 
  i 'm actually talking about the post war migration from germany to sweden . 
  we had the only intact industries in europe and a booming economy . 
  while germany had the expertise and labour to operate our industries , it made us the richest country in the world for a while . 
  denmark , and some other countries , have gotten quite offended from our politicians calling them racist . 
   but i think it is much more prominent on the anti side , i really do n't hear about anyone wanting nigh-unlimited immigration . 
  at worst some people go into denial , but practically no one is advocating it . 
  you can imagine it 's different in sweden . 
  the left wing parties are officially pro free immigration . 
  the other parties are unclear but tend to just say `` immigration is good '' and `` we need immigration '' , all while not being able to pass any limits ( although recent catastrophic levels have forced border controls ) . 
  there should definitely be more of a middle ground than there currently is . 
  in most debates it 's either no immigration , or it 's free immigration . 
  while most people actually agree on that the amount of immigration should be that which the society can handle without hitting certain limits , like institutions faltering as they now are in sweden , or inducing too much segregated neighbourhoods . 
  both those limits can be raised by better immigration policies and management , but both sides should recognize that they exist . 
  most all but the actual racists want immigration that is at or below this level . 
  i largely believe in paul colliers ideas on the matter . 
  i meant just want `` to reason '' . 
  to debate and talk about the effects and what level of immigration it is we actually desire before going head in to it . 
  i mean reason as in defining the reasoning behind the current levels of immigration , something that is not done today since the subject is too sensitive . 
   sadly , the opinion in europe is extremely binary on the issue .
