  anti-russian sentiment . 
   autotuned pig screaming ? 
  that would be such a hit . 
  i remember one that where part in part french and part arabic . 
  i think it had a picture of a lion on the video . 
  do you know it ? 
  ca n't find it . 
  / r/halalmusic, 
  oh , come on . 
  who does n't have a problem with russians ? 
  trump for president of the european parliament ? 
   religious people living in a backward place if they are enough backwards they 'd be pagan . 
  there are lots of aboriginal sami people living like this and herding rain deer for a living . 
  either soil is improving or it 's not . 
  artificial is all handling of the land . 
  fertilizing is has no case for being inherently bad , even though it can be done in a bad way . 
   you are assuming good practices . 
  in practice , that does not usually happen . 
  pretty much all land that is not farmed we know is generating soil . 
  the farmed land i 'd say is stable if not improving on average in sweden at least . 
  especially gotland and \u00d6land is generating better soil , mostly since they 've started from zero not too long ago . 
  bad practices can ruin land pretty fast , but we do n't have that happening . 
   the creation of terra preta took about 1000 up to 2000 years . 
  the point is that it 's not a necessarily backwards processes , if indeed slow . 
  soil is still generating in sweden , yes . 
  we get better and better soil each year through natural effects . 
  but the important point about soil is that good practises improves soil , not consume it . 
  soil and food will certainly not be a limiting factor for the carrying capacity . 
   what are we not ? 
   water ? 
  check . 
   soil ? 
  check . 
   fertilizers ? 
  check . 
   air ? 
  check . 
  all are renewable , save for the minerals used in fertilizers . 
  these are resources that earth renew at a much higher rate than we could ever consume , it 's just that we are n't extracting it or using it efficiently in some places . 
   credentials it 's not his credentials , it 's the widely speculative projections that are not up to scientific standards . 
  that he would probably agree upon himself . 
   you are a hopeless optimist . 
  it would be difficult to think of any resource that is not being overconsumed . 
  could you help me out . 
  what specifically are we over consuming ? 
  and the dormers . 
  the roof and windows are the only clear indicators i can see to this being `` fake '' . 
  that is false , they will do just as they did before they ended conscription . 
  that is to take the wish of the draftee into consideration , but lost of people have been chosen involuntarily . 
  from the article :  hultqvist said motivation would be an important factor when selecting the recruits for service . 
  a friend of mine was forced against his will in 2007 . 
  but the majority of conscripts probably will be volunteers , just as before . 
  you probably should have told him this then , 
  i have never said we should take more migrants . 
  i 'm careful not to take a stance in the matter , just inform with what i know . 
  many here would agree that we have sat idle though . 
  it was quite sudden that the government accepted that high immigration can bring problems . 
  suddenly it was ok to say that immigration is costly , and that we have a limit to how many our society can handle . 
  you ca n't say that every other commenter is wrong because they are n't swedish . 
  that teaches nobody anything . 
  i do n't have a point to argue in the matter since i 've been careful not to take a stance . 
  i just want you to know the current facts and situation , you are free to draw your own conclusions . 
   controllable , sure . 
  but not good for swedish society in general . 
  if you say so . 
   so essentially , the only immigration criteria to eventually gain residency in sweden for those people is just `` have a job '' ? 
   `` controllable numbers '' means nothing when the government deems `` controllable numbers '' as anything not over 100k per year , which could still be 50k a year for example , which is still pretty terrible . 
  28 939 last year . 
  absolutely controllable , now how many of those should be accepted is a separate question . 
  currently over half will . 
  could you keep to english please . 
  yes , crime and lawlessness tend to spread . 
  if not controlled properly there will indeed be consequences . 
  this is the reason nobody is planning to sit idle and let that happen . 
  maybe by getting the ones we 've already accepted some employment , sending back those who are not in need of refugee status , and restricting the amount of incoming people to more controllable numbers . 
  this is the current method used by our government ; some argue that we should do even more , and there may be change after the next election . 
  agreed , the situation is not good . 
  and there is a danger that this will spread in the long run if not handled correctly , then we may actually reach the situation that the foreign media is claiming we are at . 
  my point is that that is not yet the case . 
  sweden is safe . 
  because problems concentrated in a few areas does n't make the country dangerous , or cause any unsolvable situation at all . 
  there are problems but it does not affect that sweden still is one of the safest places in the world to live . 
  there are problematic neighborhoods , everyone agrees upon that . 
  that is part of the problem it 's concentrated around a few areas where the situation is quite bad , while all of sweden on average have extremely little crime . 
  i do n't think anyone is unaware about the situation in our immigrant neighborhoods , not even the wealthiest . 
  it 's all over media here , and there is constant debate about how to bring the situation more in line with the rest of our country . 
  there is absolutely a problem with handling such a great amount of people , and it 's questionable if the right choice is to accept that many people . 
  but i think most every swede here agree that the country is n't as effected as foreign media is trying to push . 
  a lot of people are angry that our government is trying to downplay the problems that do exist . 
  but it 's clear that we still will continue to have a much better situation than most other western countries . 
  there is no objective definitions in the study history . 
  if we want to categorize events we most draw our own boundaries . 
  a few cases will be border cases , included by some while excluded by others . 
  the fact that vikings did n't belong to a single culture form the start widens the definition . 
  while norman conquests are a border case , your example is much easier to exclude . 
  this map includes normans as a part of the viking expansion . 
  it 's debatable , since they had both intermarried and adopted french culture . 
  although they themselves should be seen as part of the viking expansion , further derived settlements is questionable to include . 
   scandinavian calling finland scandinavian is a good way to annoy a swede too . 
  `` tove jansson is swedish '' - they hate that one .
