  contrary , other benefits lead smaller countries to join in larger unions . 
   no one said anything about america being better . 
  indeed , you simply go out of your way to make up reasons for why other countries would be bad . 
  this is what i talked about , americans just ca n't stop making up ridiculous reasons for why they are better than others . 
   i would then you 're simply wrong . 
  you define poor in the only way that will suit your argument . 
  that does not make you more correct . 
  turkmenistan would be the richest country on earth 2014 by your definition , a position afghanistan recently had . 
  japan has one of the highest standards of living , and is not in any reasonable way defined as poor . 
  well said . 
  there may be benefits , but there are also difficulties in being a small country . 
  you can often gain part of the upsides of both by having different levels of local and national governance , this is well known . 
  the argument i object to is people saying that it 's somehow less significant or irrelevant if a smaller country preforms well . 
  it 's right up there with the people claiming that sweden is only successful because of that we 're `` more homogeneous '' , something that is n't even true as of late . 
   excuse for what ? 
  for sometimes having horrible results in matters such as those mentioned . 
   but yes , besides the united states we do n't have a country that is very large and does n't have a large number of people living in poverty . 
  so your believe breaking up counties in to smaller ones will lower or even eliminate poverty ? 
  how would you explain poor countries that are small ? 
  how would you explain historical times when the worlds largest empires have also often been the worlds richest ? 
  ( i could give you examples if you f ), 
  do you argue it 's easier being a small country ? 
  would large countries be better of splitting into smaller ones ? 
  i hear the `` size '' excuse often , mostly from americans , but i doubt there is much truth to it . 
   ( only stock holders would be poorer , but that 's the risk of being a stock holder ) not even that . 
  the demanded return on investment would not be affected and therefore remain the same . 
  prices and margins would adjust to meet this . 
  prices in the end would be higher to carry the cost . 
  there sadly is n't any way to provide income to the state without someone having to pay . 
  the positive effect in this case though would be making a more equal playing field where local and international companies pay the same taxes . 
  the current situation does not provide a good free market competition , since global companies pay lower taxes on profit . 
  so there were two of them . 
  did n't know the story . 
  no , most of them were n't even swedish citizens . 
  and this is the day . 
  the joke is that norwegians are stupid , not that they are poor . 
  besides , the jokes are at least a hundred years old and it 's just kids having fun without minding the modern geopolitical situation . 
  q : why do the norwegians leave the door open when they go to the toilet ? 
  a : because they do n't want anyone to peek through the key hole . 
  q : why do the norwegians crawl on the floor through the supermarket ? 
  a : because they 're looking for the low prices . 
  in other words , a minority government is allowed . 
  brown bears and wolves are hunted yearly by government ordinated quota in sweden . 
  although we have a lot of forest . 
  letting them overpopulate and starve can be quite dangerous . 
  i think he 's joking . 
  computer parts are mainly produced in the us , taiwan and south korea . 
  of these countries i 'd say the us has most relaxed environmental protection . 
  you will tend to go as much downwards as upwards in the long run , 
  the explanation is that he was sentenced for groping adult girls on one occasion . 
  one months suspended sentence and compensation of 1000 $ per girl is rather mild , but in sweden 's defence i doubt many countries would have convicted him at all . 
  yes , to a smaller extent . 
  two interesting articles : http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2016/03/criminal-justice http://www.businessinsider.com/report-says-long-sentences-dont-deter-crime-2014-5?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t it 's quite well agreed upon . 
  but another interesting effect is how longer sentences in some cases make re-offence more common , if you do n't lock them up indefinitely . 
  the prohibitive effect actually does n't correlate as much as you 'd expect with the harshness of the punishment . 
  it 's not be chance the nordics ended up with such short prison sentences , we 're very much based on scientific fact , contrary to the ones advocating the emotional revenge . 
   and the chance risk, 
  the prohibitive effect is also very relevant . 
  do you think imprisoning them for a longer time will have a difference on something ? 
  i 'd need for it to be in stockholm , since that 's where i work . 
  i would n't even be able rent an tiny apartment for 410 $ . 
  this is decent punishment in finland . 
  they did n't get off easy . 
  it being legal or illegal does effect society , and thereby every inhabitant . 
  that 's why we legislate . 
  we would n't , and should n't , care if it only was a private matter . 
  many german poles have lived there for generations and are of polish decent . 
  it 's not the top `` destination '' for poles , since that would imply that they were born in poland . 
  kurdish is not included in the chart , since it 's not spoken in europe . 
  thank you for the insight . 
  a minimum wage is often too broad , it might be better for the wage to differ by region and type of job , but this is unpopular in many countries . 
  in sweden , and till recently germany , the minimum wage is set as an agreement between the employers and the labour unions of the industries in question . 
  the national minimum wage is more popular in europe though . 
  taxing new cars heavily is usually to afford the huge investments in infrastructure needed to handle the growth in car use . 
  there is no use in having cheap cars if the country have n't afforded to build the roads for them yet . 
  in countries where the growth in car use has stagnated , the fuel tax usually pays for the upkeep of the already existing infrastructure . 
  then we have norway who taxes both heavily because they do n't like petrol cars . 
  it obviously should increase as the average wage increases , but just from knowing that it today is at 300 euros you ca n't know that this is too low for romania . 
  it could even be too high and causing high levels of unemployment , thereby furthering poverty , for all we know if this is all we go by . 
  populism should not be the driving factor in setting the level of minimum wage . 
  economists are fully capable of weighing all the effects and adjusting the wage properly . 
  the governments should have , and probably do have , good economic advisors capable of this . 
  a higher minimum wage would n't do shit for the rural poor . 
  it 's not like they are employed at factories or something . 
  they rather need to urbanise and employ more people in new industries and services . 
  this will take time and require functioning education . 
  you ca n't solve poverty by rising the wages , it kind of redistributes wealth in already wealthy countries , but this is not the situation for romania at all . 
  you socialists have already done enough damage to eastern europe , just give it up already . 
  '' / s '' is the sign for sarcasm . 
  ** edit : ** who downvotes me for helping the guy ? 
  fuck you reddit . 
  i think most swedes have heard more british english than the average american . 
  we are mostly taught british english in school , and we very much prefer british comedy to american . 
  do you also call it a petrol station instead of gas station ? 
  most of my english is probably american , since tv and literature from there is the biggest source . 
  oh , ice stands for internal combustion engine . 
  now it makes more sense , thought it was something about taxes . 
  my english is quite lacking when it comes to technical stuff . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't understand you . 
  i do n't know much about taxes in uk .
