  that sounds way more like a legit attempt to address the argument made than what you posted . 
  go on . 
  how is it misdirection ? 
  explain that !, 
  leaving it unexplained is part of why i ( wrongly ) got the impression it was nefarious . 
   are jews a hive mind ? 
  a single person or organization may of course have personal gain by seeing their wishes put into practice . 
  what if their wishes we altruistic ? 
  there 's no other benefit to the signatories of the petition and the communities they represented . 
  i think the argument is made in good faith , it 's not an attempt to mislead for some ulterior motive . 
   it is unfounded . 
  my apologies  because some people do wield it as a tool . 
  being jewish does n't mean you ca n't be a cynic who is willing to mislead people as described above . 
  by describing it as a tool you made it seem like you were suggesting that was all it was . 
  like i said , i do n't think i was reasonable for reading that into your comment but it would help to distinguish yourself more from the people who genuinely do want the holocaust to be viewed as nothing more than a jewish tool used to discredit fascism . 
  again , not wanting to diminish underground resistances and the incredible bravery of many in hiding jews ( and others ! ), 
  to which my family and other families owe their existence to , but mr saul is n't talking about the underground here . 
  in a sense you are proving his point . 
  the only possible resistance to the nazi 's was an underground one , there was n't any group that resisted the nazi 's openly and restricted their ability to operate . 
   friedl\u00e4nder argues that this makes the holocaust distinctive because antisemitic policies were able to unfold without the interference of countervailing forces of the kind normally found in advanced societies such as industry , small businesses , churches , trade unions , and other vested interests and lobby groups if the conservatives in the uk tried to shut down the nhs right now , or the democrats in the us tried to set up fully socialised healthcare right now , they 'd meet massive resistance , public protest , lobbying groups , strikes , industry getting involved - on every level there would be opposition and resistance . 
  that 's exactly what * did n't * happen with the holocaust . 
  none of that . 
  * that 's * what he 's talking about . 
  you ca n't abuse a lesson , it 's a lesson . 
  and what personal gain is there for jews to have more immigrants coming into their country ? 
  the ideology thing getting mentioned is that there are a large number of anti-semites who wish people would shut up about the holocaust because it 's a key reason their ideology is rejected , hence , historical revisionism , etc. 
  i guess i 'm pretty sensitive about that , which might mean i make unreasonable implications about people who criticise how jewish people talk about the holocaust , so apologies if that is unfounded . 
  but if it is unfounded , seriously mate , why the heck did you call it a tool ?!, 
  it 's not as if the holocaust was of some advantage to jews !, 
  you just sound sinister as fuck , dude . 
  why ? 
  did you expect some other nation to be doing the holocaust ? 
  i was mostly referencing this quote by the way :  saul friedl\u00e4nder writes that : `` not one social group , not one religious community , not one scholarly institution or professional association in germany and throughout europe declared its solidarity with the jews . 
  '' [ 24 ] he writes that some christian churches declared that converted jews should be regarded as part of the flock , but even then only up to a point . 
  friedl\u00e4nder argues that this makes the holocaust distinctive because antisemitic policies were able to unfold without the interference of countervailing forces of the kind normally found in advanced societies such as industry , small businesses , churches , trade unions , and other vested interests and lobby groups . 
  the wiki article does a good job of navigating the name . 
   the holocaust ( from the greek \u1f41\u03bb\u03cc\u03ba\u03b1\u03c5\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 hol\u00f3kaustos : h\u00f3los , `` whole '' and kaust\u00f3s , `` burnt '' ) , [ 2 ] also known as the shoah ( hebrew : \u05d4\u05e9\u05d5\u05d0\u05d4 , hashoah , `` the catastrophe '' ) , was a genocide in which approximately six million jews were killed by adolf hitler 's nazi regime and its collaborators . 
  [ 3 ] some historians use a definition of the holocaust that includes the additional five million non-jewish victims of nazi mass murders , bringing the total to approximately eleven million . 
  killings took place throughout nazi germany and german-occupied territories . 
  [ 4 ] so it 's generally used to refer primarily to jews , but some include the other mass-murders in the term . 
  again , though , this is a pretty bad case of what-about-ism . 
  you are objecting to people merely mentioning jewish deaths in relation to the holocaust without also mentioning polish deaths . 
  that is out of order . 
  i can tell you my family who lived in poland/ukraine were not happy . 
  most had emigrated beforehand due to persecution anyway and those who were left who survived are/were grateful for the shelter they were given by others , until even that was n't enough and they joined the resistance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust#institutional_collaboration i do n't mean to minimise those who stood up against the holocaust , both jewish resistance and others . 
  but i think the `` genocidal state '' description is fair . 
   `` most people '' meaning most in the west . 
  the only reason it 's such a big deal with you is because you put an emphasis on it in your books and history . 
  no one in thailand gives a fuck . 
  and here in eastern europe it 's natural the murder of 15 million slavs will be considered worse . 
  i think that 's a fair point , but again this is a case of what-about-ism . 
  it 's ok for british jews to remind britain of occasions where they looked after jewish refugees . 
  that does n't diminish poles and polish suffering under the holocaust . 
  that does n't diminish slavs and slavic non-holocaust suffering under the nazis . 
  it 's totally reasonable for them to reference that , and its totally unreasonable to expect them to mention every other travesty as much as they do the slaughter of their own people . 
  as you said , we can expect the holocaust to be a big deal to jews . 
  there 's nobody in this thread arguing the holocaust was jew-only . 
  literally all that happened was jewish people were mentioned in relation to the holocaust , and the polish guy decided that was diminishing polish deaths . 
  no it is n't . 
  jews died in the holocaust . 
  it 's possible to talk about that without diminishing any other group . 
  and more died in mao 's deliberately awful managing of farms in china too , not to mention the bombing of civilians by allies and axis - i think what most people find terrible about the holocaust was the deliberate , industrial , and heartless way it happened at every level of organisation . 
  the hiding , the hunts , the rounding up , the death camps , and the fact this happened in the midst of a population that tolerated it . 
  starving an enemy city is easier to blind yourself to . 
  edit : many slavs were subject to the industrial mass murder of the holocaust along with jews , particularly pows , but this comment is particularly about you comparing the holocaust to the mass murder by starvation of slavs . 
  perfectly reasonable to reference it here . 
  british people rightly celebrate and value compassion on jews fleeing persecution , so to reject similar refugees fleeing persecution is hypocrisy . 
  as an aside , your implication that the holocaust has become a `` tool '' exposes your ideology . 
  it 's not a tool , but it is a lesson to learn from . 
  if people get tired of learning lessons from the holocaust and want to just move on and forget about it , and particularly if they try to discourage others from learning lessons from it , history comes closer to repeating itself . 
  some people want that . 
  one of the lessons of the holocaust is that turning away people fleeing death can amplify the numbers of dead . 
  do n't be a dick . 
  the jews were the biggest victims of the holocaust . 
  no that does n't mean they were the only victims . 
  simply referencing jewish victims , or in this case , jews saved , does n't immediately equate to minimising polish , romani , gay or black suffering . 
  uk jew . 
  we are admitting a relatively tiny amount of immigrants . 
  islamic anti-semitism sucks for jews , but so does this rise of xenophobia . 
  compassion and mercy are virtues . 
   thing is , the dictionaries change after several generations . 
  it does n't matter what they said a thousand years ago or a thousand years from now . 
  it matters what they say right now , when we 're alive . 
  if you were tried for this or that law-breaking , try arguing ` but your honour , it was fine in my grandpa 's day ! ' . 
  it matters because it exposes problems with your way of thinking about language . 
  when the only way language `` correctly '' changes is when a new dictionary is published , every other alteration is incorrect . 
  but then why does the dictionary change ? 
  where do the new words come from ? 
  why do definitions alter from generation to generation ? 
  dictionary writers do n't just make this stuff up , they get it from somewhere , they get it from * what people use * . 
  but you 'd already defined that as incorrect . 
  so that would mean in your way of thinking about things people use a language more and more `` incorrectly '' until the language changes and suddenly validates most of those previously incorrect changes . 
  this is ludicrous . 
   yeah yeah , you 're rebellious and ` fight the powah ' and etc :p enjoy yourself . 
  you misunderstand . 
  almost all modern linguists and dictionaries are descriptivist . 
  prescriptivism 's hey day was in the 19th century . 
  the `` powah '' agrees with me , and you are the one fighting it . 
   ah , so you 're one of those ` by the people ' guys .
