  even though there is a burden on the mother . 
  even though there is a burden on society . 
  it 's not worth killing a baby to save that cost . 
  it 's far worse to kill a baby , it 's unfair to the baby , and its a terrible crime . 
   how can you ignore the myriad ways a pregnacy can impact someone else 's life so negatively they commit suicide and go '' ... but what about the zygotes ??? 
  '' , as if killing yourself or dying in a botched backalley abortion does anything to save your precious unborn child . 
  because abortion is not inevitable , even though it seems like the only option to a desperate mother it really is n't . 
  imagine people took the same approach to other desperate murders . 
  to legalise jilted husbands killing their wives . 
  to legalise murdering your granny for the inheritance money . 
  or indeed as i said earlier poor parents murdering some of their children so there is more money to go around the others . 
  life without these deaths are harder for the killer , but that does n't excuse the murder , and it does n't mean there were no other options . 
  these are not inevitable murders , but even if legalising reduced the rate of these murders somehow it would not be right to approve of it - it 's an injustice to the victims . 
   eta : i 'm not going to embarrass myself by asking why i 'm getting downvoted , but !, 
  i honestly want to hear your thoughts on this . 
  if you want to downvote , go ahead , whatever , i 'd just like it if you left a comment too ; talk to me / r/europe !, 
  i did n't downvote , but i think you are clearly wrong , and so i thought i 'd address you . 
  i moved the start of your comment below so that it was clear the reason i am replying to you in because you are willing to grant the baby is a living human being . 
    `` abortions not being lawful does n't mean that women do n't have abortions . 
  it means that they either resort to desperate measures or they seek those services elsewhere . ''  these women were the `` lucky '' ones who could afford the trip on relatively short notice . 
  what do you think happens to poorer women who desperately need an abortion ? 
  they either desperately commit murder despite the law , at risk to themselves , or they do n't kill their children . 
  even if it was an inevitable crime , * and it 's not * , it 's an injustice to the baby and an indictment on our legal system if we approve of it in law . 
   bunch of masturbatory ideological ramblings without any concern for actual real world consequences . 
  i am concerned about real world consequences . 
  as i said , both ends and means are important . 
  i 'm very concerned about the real world consequences of my state becoming a totalitarian state . 
   this is n't totalitarianism . 
  this is a sensible preventive measure , to protect the state from external influence . 
  it 's also not what you were proposing . 
  i 've already said i 'm ok with cutting off saudi funds . 
  i 've also said my objection with what you have been proposing is it 's totalitarian nature : holding parenting and religion to the standards of some state ideology rather than allowing freedom of conscience . 
   this is n't the only way a state can meddle in another ones affairs . 
  and the religious route is rather powerful . 
  therefore there should be safeguards . 
  maybe . 
  but any `` safeguards '' need to not trample over basic rights . 
  we do n't geo-tag and strip search everyone to reduce crime . 
  we do n't [ kill the poor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owi7doeo_yg ) to fix the economy . 
  and we do n't form a state ideology in the name of national security . 
  these options are simply not on the table . 
  it 's not that we do n't care about reducing crime , the economy , or national security . 
  we just try solutions that do n't trample over basic rights . 
  options that do , should not be on the table - even if they work . 
   you claim free speech is what should protect us . 
  if one were to suggest we should have no police just rely on free speech he 'd be an idiot . 
  that 's wishful thinking . 
  that 's because having a police force does n't trample basic rights , and because free speech has only a tangential relation to crime . 
  however free speech has everything to do with ideologies - and the main way liberal states deal with ideologies is through free speech and the open exchange of ideas . 
  if you can find another way that does n't trample over basic rights , by all means go for it , i have no objection . 
  but if your only alternative is totalitarianism , bugger off . 
   we saw it with politics of capitalism vs communism , where countries broke in half . 
  we saw it with shi'a vs sunni disputes . 
  we saw it with ethnical ukrainians vs ethnical russians . 
  ultra nationalism is a problem because if of its effects . 
  but so is a weak national identity and the hijacking of identity by groups of interest . 
  balance is important . 
  balance is important , but how we achieve that balance is also important . 
  that 's what i 've been saying , and you do n't seem to care . 
  serious question , would you kill the poor if you thought it would fix the economy ? 
  why/why not ? 
   i am suggesting you 're wrong . 
  if a group is for instance promoting a racist ideology that black people are animals and should be enslaved or put to death , the government must act . 
  if a group is doing such things then they should be stopped , but not by the state , but by the mechanisms of free speech . 
  if they hurt people , threaten to , or otherwise facilitate those things , then the state can act . 
  but when it 's simply an ideology - no , definitely not . 
   try have a gathering where you show porn tape to 7 year old kids to teach them about anal sex and tell me how it goes . 
  or show them gore videos with isis decapitating people . 
  the only reason such acts would be problematic is if the child could be shown to have been harmed or damaged by such an action . 
  your problem is not with harm , it 's with ideas - ideas you do n't like . 
  and there 's always the difference between public and private actions . 
  having an open event where you watch decapitation needs more scrutiny than a private one . 
   for fuck sake , the uk ? 
  your even putting crazy restrictions on pornography for adults ( s&m and the like ) . 
  the uk would be one of the worse possible examples to make your point . 
  you think i support that ? 
  if you think it 's a bad example it makes my point stronger : even the uk does n't police parents or any community leaders in the way you describe . 
  your point that religions are getting a free pass and need cracking down on is ludicrous . 
  -----  many things are dangerous . 
  ultra nationalism pushed by the state is dangerous . 
  likewise it is dangerous to have other states pushing their own agendas on ones citizens , brainwashing them with their chosen ideologies . 
   the sense of identity of a society is of uttermost importance . 
  this is why it is so dangerous when the state chooses to take over it and abuse it to create mindless drones who do n't question anything . 
  but likewise for this very same reason it is dangerous when the state neglects to protect it , leaving it open for others to take advantage of it . 
  you are a fool if you think trampling personal liberties will preserve them . 
  once you 've infringed on them , they 've already gone , and all you are `` protecting '' is your own hypocrisy . 
  you become the very threat you were trying to counter . 
  your argument is that the end justifies the means , but both ends and means matter . 
  if you only concern yourself with means then you become uncompassionate as you argue . 
  but if you only concern yourself with ends you commit atrocities to achieve your goals . 
  if europe has to become a set of totalitarian states to resist wahabbism , we 've already lost . 
  to win , any defence we make must preserve individual liberties . 
   state should and does the ability to interfere with religion . 
  otherwise one would be advocating is that by slapping a `` religion '' tag you get a free pass to do whatever you want . 
  i 'm suggesting no state involvement in any ideology - religious , political , economic - whatever . 
  it 's not the government 's business . 
   the standards for kids material is n't specific to religion . 
  simply any material being used to teach kids should be subject to those laws . 
   it could be a class on politics for little children . 
  it could be a class on chinese culture .
