  what you are proposing is a fundamentally non-democratic system with a veneer of democracy . 
  sure , it 's not taking the piss as badly as north korea - where there 's only one party in their `` democracy '' - but it 's the same problem : non-elected figures determining who can be elected . 
   proscribing groups that plan to take away democratic choice while in power is inherently sensible . 
  it fits very nicely within the boundaries of the democratic process . 
  it 's inherently anti-democratic as it 's a non-democratic check moderating the democratic process . 
  banning those groups is an admission they are right . 
  abolishing democracy to prevent the abolition of democracy is even more stupid . 
  do what we can to stop them , but without compromising what is important . 
  so why do n't we round up all these fronts and execute all the members ? 
  because that 's a gross violation of basic liberties . 
  that 's the same reason i 'm opposed to state ideologies . 
  we need to find solutions to these problems as liberal democracies . 
  if we have to stop being liberal democracies to deal with threats to liberal democracies , what 's the point ? 
  we 've already lost . 
   western governments allowed their citizens to travel out there for four years without putting any measures in place to prevent them . 
   also when blair and cameron looked at banning ( nominally non violent ) islamist groups that radicalise muslims in the uk . 
  they both backed down . 
   why ? 
  to me , shutting down ideological groups that are n't directly causing problems is going way way too far . 
  like if totalitarianism really is our best response to isis , we 've already compromised our values . 
  it 's not the state 's job to police acceptable religious views , it 's the state 's job to look after it 's citizens within the power they have been granted . 
   one of the uks leading experts on radicalisation shiraz maher spoke about this at a security conference in israel  https://youtu.be/4l0yzdaqxpe  that 's well worth a listen . 
  can you summarise ? 
  hahaha wow . 
  you think country lines should be decided by physical geography and nothing else ? 
  are you insane ? 
  physical geography is basically irrelevant . 
  what matters is cultural/national identity , otherwise you end up with clusterf * cks like africa where colonial douchbags carved up africa into nations that made sense to them , rather than down ethnic and cultural lines , triggering multiple civil wars . 
    even if you think life begins at conception , how can you have so little empathy towards the living , breathing human woman you 're forcing to give up her body for someone else - or forcing to put her life at risk to get an illegal abortion ? 
  i 'm arguing with someone who is willing to grant personhood to a foetus or embryo . 
  it 's obviously not going to address your concerns . 
  i 'm just going to pick up the key part of your comment , as i need to go to lunch . 
   but you can be 100 % certain that there is no person in there , out of sheer biological impossibility . 
  in every other situation we put the burden of proof on there being a person there . 
  why turn the tables when it 's an embryo ? 
  here 's section 13 from this link http://www.peterkreeft.com/topics-more/personhood_apple.htm  the most likely response to this will be the charge of dogmatism . 
  how dare i pontificate with infallible certainty , and call all who disagree either mentally or morally challenged !, 
  all right , here is an argument even for the metaphysical skeptic , who would not even agree with my very first and simplest premise , that we really do know what some things really are , such as what an apple is . 
  ( it 's only after you are pinned against the wall and have to justify something like abortion that you become a skeptic and deny such a self-evident principle . ), 
   roe used such skepticism to justify a pro-choice position . 
  since we do n't know when human life begins , the argument went , we can not impose restrictions . 
  ( why it is more restrictive to give life than to take it , i can not figure out . ), 
  so here is my refutation of roe on its own premises , its skeptical premises : suppose that not a single principle of this essay is true , beginning with the first one . 
  suppose that we do not even know what an apple is . 
  even then abortion is unjustifiable . 
   let 's assume not a dogmatic skepticism ( which is self-contradictory ) but a skeptical skepticism . 
  let us also assume that we do not know whether a fetus is a person or not . 
  in objective fact , of course , either it is or it is n't ( unless the court has revoked the law of noncontradiction while we were on vacation ) , but in our subjective minds , we may not know what the fetus is in objective fact . 
  we do know , however , that either it is or is n't by formal logic alone . 
   a second thing we know by formal logic alone is that either we do or do not know what a fetus is . 
  either there is `` out there , '' in objective fact , independent of our minds , a human life , or there is not ; and either there is knowledge in our minds of this objective fact , or there is not . 
   so , there are four possibilities :  * the fetus is a person , and we know that ; * the fetus is a person , but we do n't know that ; * the fetus is n't a person , but we do n't know that ; * the fetus is n't a person , and we know that . 
   what is abortion in each of these four cases ? 
   in case 1 , where the fetus is a person and you know that , abortion is murder . 
  first-degree murder , in fact . 
  you deliberately kill an innocent human being . 
   in case 2 , where the fetus is a person and you do n't know that , abortion is manslaughter . 
  it 's like driving over a man-shaped overcoat in the street at night or shooting toxic chemicals into a building that you 're not sure is fully evacuated . 
  you 're not sure there is a person there , but you 're not sure there is n't either , and it just so happens that there is a person there , and you kill him . 
  you can not plead ignorance . 
  true , you did n't know there was a person there , but you did n't know there was n't either , so your act was literally the height of irresponsibility . 
  this is the act roe allowed . 
   in case 3 , the fetus is n't a person , but you do n't know that . 
  so abortion is just as irresponsible as it is in the previous case . 
  you ran over the overcoat or fumigated the building without knowing that there were no persons there . 
  you were lucky ; there were n't . 
  but you did n't care ; you did n't take care ; you were just as irresponsible . 
  you can not legally be charged with manslaughter , since no man was slaughtered , but you can and should be charged with criminal negligence . 
   only in case 4 is abortion a reasonable , permissible , and responsible choice . 
  but note : what makes case 4 permissible is not merely the fact that the fetus is not a person but also your knowledge that it is not , your overcoming of skepticism . 
  so skepticism counts not for abortion but against it . 
  only if you are not a skeptic , only if you are a dogmatist , only if you are certain that there is no person in the fetus , no man in the coat , or no person in the building , may you abort , drive , or fumigate . 
   criminalising abortions does nothing to prevent them . 
  see also : the linked article . 
  the article just shows 25000 women in ireland are n't prevented from having an abortion by irish law . 
  is that rate higher or lower than it would be if abortion was permitted in law ? 
  no answer . 
  that 25000 could exist because it 's particularly easy to hop over to the uk - what effect would restricting abortion in the uk , or eu , have on that figure ? 
  the article does n't say . 
   what it does is endanger the lives of women . 
  if you willing to grant abortion is a murderous act , which you seem to be comfortable doing , then there is no reason to make it a safe act . 
  like i said , we are n't clamouring to make infanticide , or murdering an adulterous spouse or whatever `` safe '' or without consequence under law - it 's * right * that those actions have consequences for the murderer , it 's * right * that it 's somewhat hard to kill someone without some personal risk , we * are n't concerned * that murder might be traumatic for the murderer . 
  i think you are treating abortion in a unique way compared to other murders - i think you are n't actually thinking consistently with your belief that `` abortion is acceptable even if you grant the foetus is a living human being '' . 
   even if you think foetus = baby , it is immoral to criminalise abortions . 
  if your parent , sibling , or child needed a transplant from you without which they 'd die , it would be immoral to make you donate whichever organ they needed , nevermind the risks of the procedure . 
  a different point to your first comment . 
  no , that 's a bad analogy . 
  it 's more like you ( somehow ) accidentally donated an organ for a 9 months to them , and removing it before that 9 months kills them instantly , but much of that 9 months and the following recovery will kinda suck for you , with not insignificant risks to your health . 
  you are arguing that you should have the right to kill the person you accidentally donated the organ to , when they had no idea you did n't intend to give it to them , but now they have to die , because that 9 months really sucks for you . 
  your analogy is more about forced surrogacy , or even forced impregnation - i agree you should n't be able to force the mother to look after a baby , but even if it 's by accident that she get 's pregnant it 's not right to kill the baby to restore bodily autonomy . 
  it 's too late at that point , you 've already given the organ to them , you ca n't just take it back from them - besides , you 'll get it back anyway , just wait . 
  yes , the wait sucks , but that 's no justification for murder . 
   i 've talked about this before on here , but as a romanian woman who personally knows several older women who had to abort illegally during the ceau\u015fescu regime , for various reasons , i honestly ca n't comprehend how someone can be anti-abortion , full stop . 
  like . 
  even if you think life begins at conception , how can you have so little empathy towards the living , breathing human woman you 're forcing to give up her body for someone else - or forcing to put her life at risk to get an illegal abortion ? 
  so you 're saying even granting life beginning at conception , you do n't see a case for making abortion unlawful ? 
  it 's not that you have no empathy to the mother , it 's that killing one innocent person to bring another happiness , contentment , social standing , success or money is not a fair trade , and it 's viewed as an injustice to the foetus . 
  a simple analogy is infanticide . 
  most people are willing to grant babies are living humans with full rights . 
  as a result of that belief , we oppose infanticide .
