  we already classify children 's mateial and you should n't get a free pass because religion . 
  current laws about teaching children , at least in the uk , are about what they must be taught , not what they must not be taught . 
  that way , every child can get a decent science , english , maths education but the government is n't inserting itself into every ideology and arbitrating them totalitarian-style . 
   a secular state is not expected to stay away from religion . 
  instead it is expected to base it 's laws on secular arguments , not religious arguments . 
  i disagree with your definition of a secular state , but it still works as a definition . 
  by your definition a totalitarian state could conceivably be `` secular '' despite inserting itself religion and religious matters . 
  either way there 's no way it is `` liberal '' in the old sense - it 's totalitarian . 
   i can not forbid you to use a religious book on the grounds that my favourite god claims your book is false . 
  but i can forbid you to use your book based on the secular argument that we do n't allow for children to be taught to be violent homophobes . 
  wrong . 
  you can do both things as a state , and both things are abhorrent . 
  but both are abhorrent because both are the state inserting themselves into the lives of their citizens to an unacceptable degree - the reasoning is irrelevant . 
  it is not the state 's business what book children are taught from and it is not the state 's business . 
  either way i 'm amazing i 'm having to argue against totalitarianism within a century of it 's heyday within europe . 
  i really thought hitler , stalin , mussolini , and the like we bad enough for the world ( let alone europe ) to learn their lesson for a while , at least for a few hundred years . 
   no , you are not attacking peoples liberties . 
  . . yes , you are . 
  you are proposing a state ideology that has to ok every other ideology for it to be tolerated . 
  that is attacking freedom of conscience . 
  you might be ok with that , in fact you clearly are ok with that , but you can not propose what you are proposing and pretend it 's anything other than totalitarian . 
   and yes we learned it is s really bad idea to be ultra nationalistic . 
  not ultra-nationalistic - totalitarianism . 
  putting no limit on what the government may rule over , believing even the minds of it 's citizens need governing and sanitising . 
   you may be about to learn that it is a terrible idea to open yourself up to foreign states brain washing your population . 
  i 'm ok with cutting off saudi funds , i 'm not ok with a state ideology . 
  i think i 've been very clear . 
  i 'm not going to turn to totalitarianism to deal with wahabbism , it 's simply not an option on my table , and i think it should never be . 
  europe is better than that . 
  are we so weak that it must crumble into totalitarianism once again just because of flipping isis ? 
   as for material standards , this has nothing to do with theology , but secular standards that apply to everything else . 
  religion should n't be exempt . 
  you should n't suddenly have the right to do things you otherwise would n't just because you claim it is divine will . 
  on what planet are you pursuing `` secular standards '' . 
  secularism is the core of what you are rejecting . 
  secularism is the view that government should not interfere with religious matters - and that is precisely what you are advocating . 
  there are no general laws that religion gets a free pass on in secular countries . 
  parents of every religious persuasion ( including non-religious ) are free to teach their children whatever ideology they please . 
  there is no panel that tests every parent against the panel 's ideology , but gives a pass to religious parents . 
  same with religious leaders . 
  there are no union members , no business leaders , no political parties that pass through government ideological screening ( unless you live in china or another non-liberal state ) . 
  there are certainly no ideological screens that religious leaders get a free pass from . 
  so what exactly are you talking about here ? 
  you are n't talking about rolling back previous non-secular exceptions , you are proposing a * new * anti-secular , anti-liberal , totalitarian invasion into matters the government should not involve themselves in . 
   people are taking as if it is an attack on minorities . 
  this barely affects the weak . 
  it barely affects the yazidis or the alawites . 
  it affects the those who are strong on a global scale . 
  it 's not an attack on minorities , it 's an attack on essential liberties . 
  it does n't just affect those who are strong , it affects everyone under the totalitarian regime . 
   but as i said as of now we live in a society where the state is prevented from exerting pretty much any influence on your sense of identity , while religions are free to brain wash one at will . 
  yes !, 
  and that 's because we learned the hard way that allowing the state to control an ideology is a * really * bad idea . 
  and when i say the hard way i mean the hard way . 
  centuries of so-called theocracy , followed by totalitarian states , both with their state approved religions , both punishing dissenters . 
  we learned through those times the strength of liberal democracy : that the state should be an outworking of the people 's ideologies , not the other way around . 
   having foreign countries being able to construct sub cultures via religion is a national security problem . 
  and as such foreign influence should be limited . 
   not having saudi arabia financing institutions who instill a their favourite sense of morality , their favourite judicial perspective and their favourite sense of identity on our citizens definitely is n't going to make for a worse society . 
  the irony is palpable . 
  you are criticising the saudis for doing the very thing you propose . 
  you were n't talking about cutting off saudi state funds , you were talking about `` the material being used [ to teach children ] held to strict standards '' . 
  and you apparently have said `` a thousand times '' :  appoint your imams who graduated from respected theological faculties and keep them in check . 
  make their speechs ready or just approve/disaproove their speechs . 
  and if they talk about extreme stuff just fire them and replace with someone else . 
  whose `` strict standards '' ? 
  what means do you use to decide which theological faculties are `` respected '' ? 
  whose `` approval/disapproval '' ? 
  what ideology imam will you choose to `` replace '' with ? 
  you want a state ideology , enforced by law , imposed on those you disagree with . 
   i care about people 's rights to believe what they want . 
  that is about the individual . 
  freedom of thought , freedom of conscience . 
  total bollocks . 
  or at least totally contradictory to what you have been saying . 
  if you even slightly care about those things , stop your support for state ideologies . 
  as it is you are dressing yourself up in the language of liberalism but advocating totalitarianism . 
  it 's not racism , it 's worse than racism . 
  a liberal racist state can at least change , as at least some the people are free to oppose the state . 
  a totalitarian non-racist state can only change as much as the state ideology allows . 
  any problems with the state ideology are baked in . 
  let alone their being evil and oppressive , totalitarian states are doomed to rot or be overthrown . 
  do we really want this , guys ? 
  unbelievable . 
  this is the closest i 've seen europeans get to wanting to return to the days of compulsory state religion in my lifetime . 
  shocking . 
  no , there should not be any enforced national ideology , there should instead be freedom of conscience . 
  totalitarianism is abhorrent . 
  because that would be a terrible trespass on freedom of religion , freedom of expression , and freedom of conscience ? 
  that 's exactly what we 've been giving china shit for during their darker days . 
  i 'm absolutely blown away this is the top comment . 
  no , having government sanctioned ideologies is a terrible terrible idea . 
  when the hell did the totalitarians get their foot in the door ? 
  do those things mean they deserve to die ? 
  or maybe they should n't affect whether we should try to lessen their deaths ? 
   yet we look again to world war ii where we find that immediate action could have saved many more children 's lives . 
  that 's the parallel they are drawing . 
  the more we take , the less die . 
  that 's a reasonable parallel to make . 
   bit difficult to put it into words , but you can definitely abuse the thought processes people used to arrive at that lesson by referring to them and misdirecting them at key points .
