so why does this graph identify dutch above the others as being influenced by greek ? 
  it depends . 
  if you open your borders to europe then we 'd have to close ours to you to remain the same . 
  well , that was my point . 
  ww2 was far more about , for example , german resentment about the treaty of versailles , or the japanese invasion of manchuria than the uk/poland alliance . 
   does the average pole have any idea how incredibly offensive accusations of betrayal are given that we entered the war because of poland ? 
  we entered the war for lots of reasons . 
  poland was more the straw that broke the camel 's back , than the most significant cause of the war . 
  we now know we do n't know whether they were civilians or not thanks to the video yesterday showing hamas committing the war crime of having soldiers in civilian clothes . 
  it calls all that into question . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://m.ndtv.com/article/world/ndtv-exclusive-how-hamas-assembles-and-fires-rockets-571033?pfrom=home-lateststories ), 
  i 'm not saying he went about it in a good way , but i 'm saying i agree with / u/klaatez that it 's somewhat understandable . 
   believing that a zygote - something without a brain or a heart is a human being is a problem on it 's own . 
  he has the right to believe that . 
  and if he does , then its easy to see how such a man holding to the hippocratic oath would take the action he did and the consequences that follow . 
   no one forced him to be a gynaecologist and practice in poland . 
  when he chose to he has laws to obey and patients to care about . 
  true . 
  which is why he lost his job . 
  but its possible to see how these actions are in line with the hippocratic oath . 
   he decided that `` life '' of a fetus ( or rather his own right to impose his faith on others ) damaged to the point of having less than 20 % of the brain is more important than his patients right to an abortion . 
   that screams hypocritical , not hippocratic to me . 
  no , that 's hippocratic . 
  he must not kill . 
  no matter `` rights to abortion '' - i do n't believe exceptions are made in the oath for that . 
  he must not kill . 
  but there are laws . 
  so he must be fired . 
  if you think foetuses are n't human life , then you can perform abortions and hold to the oath . 
  if you think foetuses are human life but think the `` right to abortion '' trumps that so that killing foetuses is acceptable when it serves that end , then you do n't agree with the hippocratic oath . 
  you think doctors should kill people . 
  i think it 's pretty simple really . 
  can someone translate the lemur on the right ? 
  oh fuck you , man, 
  ... because of european antisemitism . 
  and nothing like the post-holocaust numbers . 
  when israel genocides , feel free to draw the comparison between the holocaust and whatever she is doing . 
  otherwise , it 's just stupid . 
  guys , this is n't a self deprecating jew . 
  he just stuck an israeli flag on his comment mocking holocaust remembrance . 
  and you fucking upvoted it . 
  check the commenter 's history , he has a peculiar passion for the suffering , oppressed , white race . 
   i think he means that he does n't want to be tried to be converted when he is n't interested and the abillity to live his live ignoring religion . 
  but he lives in a society where we are all exposed to reach others ideas . 
  no one has the right to live in a total cocoon and still engage with society  could you link to all those secular pro life sites that are n't backed by very conservative/religous money ? 
  i had in mind figures like christopher hitchens . 
  i do n't know how he fed himself . 
   i completely agree . 
  also , i just want to point out that i would have concerns with anyone who commits to a religion . 
  christians : there is no problem as long as 1 ) my gay friend can kiss his boyfriend without being harassed 2 ) you 're okay with birth control and abortion 3 ) you acknowledge that some pieces of the bible are wrong ( creationism ) 4 ) you do n't try and convert me lel . 
  putting 3 on this list is total scumbaggery as you are trying to control beliefs not actions . 
  it literally does n't affect you . 
  you could have put `` do n't teach it in schools '' but you chose to say `` do n't think it '' . 
  putting in 2 just shows a degree of ignorance about the pro life movement . 
  there are many secular pro life people , and many christian pro choice people . 
  for most pro life christians it 's about `` do n't kill '' than `` the bible gives this one verse we want to impose on everyone '' . 
  and 4 is ridiculous . 
  the free exchange of ideas is a key part of liberal secular democracy . 
  having ideas we share and that grow and spread is part of how we change the world . 
  trying to restrict christians from something so fundamental is ridiculous . 
  the pole says no , the indian says yes . . 
  i 'm aware britain was most definitely involved , but i was under the impression that it was gandhi who suceeded in making the case to the indian peoples for the idea that they might be able to have a shared , indian , identity . 
   india 's unity was however forced upon it by an outside force was n't it gandhi ? 
  could you describe typical north sudanese views on the religious beliefs of europeans ? 
  are we christian ? 
  are we tolerant ? 
  does this perception vary greatly from country to country ? 
  agreed with the title , but the article was n't very good i 'm afraid . 
  do n't use hola , you are used by hola as well as using it . 
  any traffic could come through your pc - i.e. 
  fair enough , you are right https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols though `` uk has had sharia patrols for years '' is a bit of a stretch when you read the article . 
  it was a lie from foreign press , like the no go zones . 
  lots of sites hide it in the small print as the eu do n't seem to mind that, 
  beautiful comment , thank you . 
  particularly well done for exposing the hypocrisy of those who reject refugees on the basis it will make the country less christian . 
  if christianity is a culture , it is dead . 
  i 'll advocate for what is good so that things get better rather than advocate to be screwed even more so that i 'm screwed in a consistent way . 
   on your last point , i would n't say that france 's secularism played a role in the terrorism we see today i was n't suggesting that it caused , just that it was n't effective at preventing it . 
  what i was saying was it would n't work . 
  france * is * closing mosques . 
  for me , freedom of religious expression is simply an outworking of freedom of conscience . 
  it 's only got a separate title and status because it was so controversial in the days of enforced state religion . 
  religious ideologies are merely a subset of all ideologies . 
  people are free to believe ideologies , and free to follow them , so long as following them is lawful . 
  if my neighbour is an anarchist , even an annoyingly vocal and preachy one - no problem . 
  if that anarchism leads them to kill and hurt others , then they should be punished . 
  that 's the page i 'm on : if that means you have nothing more to say to me , so be it . 
  quite apart from me not liking it that much , i think making religion/other ideologies a private affair is n't going to help prevent extremism anyway . 
  typing it out makes it seem even more ludicrous , actually . 
  people can meet in private , spread ideologies in private , and plot terror in private . 
  france 's weird view of what secularism means did n't and has n't made them safe from plotting fanatics . 
   assimilation must take place , feelings be damned . 
  religion must be kept a stricktly private affair . 
  criticism of religion must not be equated with bigotry and racism . 
  if you mean keeping religion at home voluntarily * whilst being free to not keep it at home * , i can see how that is n't infringing on civil liberties . 
  but if you mean for any form of enforcement for your envisioned new world then yes you are proposing the removal of civil liberties . 
   that does n't mean taking away our civil liberties . 
   suggests taking away civil liberties, 
  yes , obviously . 
  i mean , it would be worth having * some * inertia to the most fundamental workings of the state , for example a large supermajority needed to make constitutional changes , but that can be within a democratic system .
