and brothers ... and hot polish cuties . 
  thank you , mr. holmes, 
  [ well ... ] ( https://wallpaperscraft.com/image/this_is_sparta_300_king_leonidas_warrior_sword_shout_rage_4043_1024x1024.jpg ), 
   six sons , six grandchildren , two daughter-in-laws , one son-in-law and my wife ... my neighbour 's cousin 's father 's roomate 's cat, 
  keep stroking my ego, 
  the book is always better mate . 
  i am going to hell for laughing . 
   but where 's our human side ? 
  the other side of the atlantic-ocean, 
   i 'm against this closeminded bullshit talking where your opinion is wrong people are individuals first , so just because their world-view is different , it does not make them any less valid . 
   i donate money , i try to help with translating and try to integrate them while teaching them german . 
  congratulations , for sacrificing your time and money for a good cause . 
   a lot of people here close their eyes and shut their ears when they hear something not fitting their point of view i am sorry , but you do it too , in an extremly obnoxious manner i might add ( not saying i am better , it is basic human nature after all ) . 
   which is annoying me and should be annoying you , too getting butthurt over a post on reddit is n't worth it mate . 
  you are also a keyboard warrior and your comment oozes arrogance and self-righteousness . 
  if you want to feel good about yourself go to the ** real ** refugee camps and donate them money , food or clothes . 
  last but not least , everyone has the right to express their opinions , if you do n't like it close your eyes and shut your ears . 
  edit : what 's your problems with slavs ? 
  their women are god-tier mate , especially the polish , ukrainian and russians qts, 
  lulz . 
  sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ really, 
  `` f\u00e9ny '' is also the nickname of carbonated vodka . 
  good stuff ^ if ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yourself, 
  holla at me = call me later an old american expression . 
  i agree with you on paper , but i am not that arrogant to think i have the right to tell people what to do with their lives or their children 's lives for that matter . 
  as for child protection laws , there are necessary basics , but , again , it can be very easily abused by the ideoligies in power . 
  i enjoy talking to you fam , you seem like a smart guy , but you are a bit too vindicative , like i was not a long time ago . 
  yeah ... holla at me when people are n't selfish and short-sighted ( i know i am ) and everything works how it supposed to be . 
  it 's a thin line very easy to cross . 
  who 's going to have impartial judgement on the matter . 
  it can very easily slide to racial purity . 
  also first and foremost , you are a person , not a citizen , despite what the gov tells you . 
  and you have basic human rights including the stupidity to have condemn a child with genetic defects . 
  yep genetical consulting for young couples . 
  as far as i know , in hungary it is only an advice , not a directive and it 's certanly not mandatory . 
  how dare you suggest that , i am pure mongol . 
  that 's crossing into eugenics . 
  it is touchy subject after what hitler & homies did . 
  you could breed humans for certain desired traits with time and patience . 
  however , it 's tinkers with the immune & reproductive system and decreases population diversity ( the genetic kind ) . 
  imho it has more cons than pros . 
  yep good old realpolitik . 
  you are right in that sense , but the v4 countries are all post-communist , relatively poor , share the same economic burdens , have more or less the same goals geopolitically and have similar culture . 
  since ww i austria lives in the shadow of germany , adopted similar policies ( maybe a bit more insular imho ) , economically much richer than v4 and gave a wildly different mindset . 
  it 's only the migration that keeps us in a temporary alliance, 
  austria is germany 's little brother ( no offense :d ) , they adopt extremly similar policies . 
  other than the current refugee-topic , we have very little in common . 
  i 'm not disproving there are no problems , but to us it sounds very surreal that germans call for help . 
  that we do , but only we can pick on certain countries !, 
  i do n't trust the germans and austrians . 
  you tried to burn this continent two times . 
  maybe third times the charm eh ? 
  and we are poor , filthy eastern europeans ? 
  fuck you man . 
  slovaks and romanians also could use a chill pill . 
  not every hungarian is a rabid `` gib clay fuck trianon gib everything back '' idiot you know . 
  the majority does n't give a flying fuck about the `` lost territories '' , we just want to live , same as you do . 
  we oppressed you ? 
  yes we did . 
  you oppress your hungarian minorities ? 
  yes you do . 
  trianon is always a touchy subject , yet it happened a century ago . 
  get the fuck over it ( this is applies to hungarians as well ) !, 
  southern europeans , try to be a little more quiet , pretty please with a cherry on top . 
  last , but not least , my fellow dear countrymen . 
  we are a bunch of idiotic , lazy , corrupt , crying children . 
  we let those thieves in the parliament fuck us again , again and again . 
  we deserve it though , `` magyar virtus '' my ass . 
  do n't be gentle , hit me with your downvotes if i hurt your little feelings . 
  i first thought it as well , but he is very manipulative and can sell himself really well to the voters . 
  also , americans are tired of the pc culture and escalating racial issues . 
  there is plenty of blood on every nations hand . 
  on ours , the germans , the brits , the french , the russians , and yours as well . 
  never forget that , when you play the blame-game . 
   they should n't ever have to see the consequences of what they do to others yes they do , but not in a rabid fashion and there are more appropriate channels for that . 
  besides , the us is still better than china would be . 
  oh , and do n't you think european goverments do n't sell weapons to everybody in the middle-east ? 
  every great power does that ( even weedman ) . 
  the only difference is that us ` influence ' is more visible . 
  easy now lad, 
  this . 
  every country is duping the stats however they can . 
  i would like to visit switzerland , estonia , finland , russia and croatia :d . both the major cities and countryside . 
  i already visited several neighbouring countries , found them very beautiful ( transylvania the most ) . 
  the least ? 
  mena with the exception of iran, 
  go back to tumblr . 
  he is right . 
  not defending them , i hate cig\u00e1nys with a passion . 
  but during the glorious communsim they settled them with force ( easier to track them ) , and `` sedated '' them with minimum welfare . 
  now they do nothing , just breeding kids for money ( and deliberately causing disabilities , for example : beating a pregnant womans stomach for additional benefits ) . 
  add to the fact that do n't want to teach their kids , do n't want to assimilate , have no plan for the next day , there is no hope for them . 
  yep !, 
  it will be like this : this is a sad situation , poor girl , but muh diversity and tolerance is more important . 
  well , their words carry a lot more weight than ours due to their economy , culture , language , military and influence . 
  if the situation was reversed , we would do the same thing . 
  i did n't said it to be hurtful or anything like that . 
  we also have a shit-ton of them ( also being reconstructed ) , heck i used to live in them . 
  but damn , they look depressive af . 
   never seen one before in my life lucky you,
