  this department , which discriminates men by excluding them from events funded by tuitions everyone has to pay , is in charge of the sexual harassment consulting . 
  let 's sum it up . 
  the department which should promote equality discriminates men and basically says men can not be sexually harassed . 
  jesus , if that is the worst thing that happened to you while you were eleven you have seen nothing . 
  in other countries one quarter of the population dies before they 've reached that age and you complain about a stranger whistling . 
  you completely ignore that i have proven that laws often favor minorities . 
  now gay marriage is only an issue because some politicians are ideological dickheads with outdated believes . 
  and we do not fund such programs because we already have enough ways to burn money . 
  i know someone ... 
  so what ? 
  i know a ton of not integrated arab immigrants and that means nothing about that group . 
  if you run out of arguments you fall back to mentioning people you know . 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  only that i destroyed your argument . 
  most laws support minorities . 
  the german minority in poland has guaranteed seats in the parliament for example . 
  women are excluded from the draft everywhere besides israel . 
  what are we using millions of euros for ? 
  right l , saving illegal immigrants that most countries would send back and not give a single fuck about . 
  you have no objective arguments left so you attack me instead . 
  i call this one gg . 
  diversity , another useless study subject . 
  just accept that the guy over there is black/homosexual/muslim / disabled / ... / and move on . 
  if he breaks a law judge them by the same standard . 
  jesus christ , why is that so hard to understand . 
  and most laws are actually in favor of women . 
  exclusion from draft for example . 
  and before you say it , the laws of the free market prove that women do not make less for the same job per hour because else no one would hire men ( they are more expensive workers ) . 
  why the fuck do we need gender studies ? 
  accept that everyone is equal and can do what the laws of your country , biology and physics allow them . 
  but a guy once whistled while they were walking down the street . 
  gender studies says everything we need to know, 
  i see what you did there . 
  we may initially gain some cash from this but remember that our environmental and safety regulations become basically invalidated . 
  also us companies will tell us to bend over and we can do nothing while they take us from behind . 
  we spent a lot of money to make sure our equipment is usable by pregnant women . 
  that money is wasted . 
  if we put that into the luftwaffe we would look a lot better . 
  or simply buy the saab 39 instead of the eurofighter . 
  it 's cheaper and gets the job done . 
  remember that country called vietnam ? 
  mainz is and it is not . 
  i think the problem with such areas is that they overlap and therefore we are having this discussion . 
  [ caused 2 wars ] [ in the middle east ], 
  honestly , nearly no one from bingen or alzey or worms would say they are from rhein-main . 
  and fulda is a bit far stretched too . 
  i never mentioned deporting them there . 
  i said that if they have a problem with western values they should pick a country that fits their ideology more . 
  and it is certainly cheaper to flee to jordan than it is to come to germany . 
  stalin could have saved a lot of civilians by evacuations . 
  and penal battalions killed a lot of soviets ( although killed by germans they were merely the executioners for stalins death sentences ) . 
  we were not responsible for all of them . 
  stalin and japan are responsible for that as well . 
  wiesbaden and the rhein main area are on the same side of the rhine . 
  polish graveyards look like slightly better mass graves tho . 
  no ways between tombs so you are walking on small mud areas between them trying not to step on one , high pitched music from some random cards is playing all the time and the amount of plastic garbage is unbelievable ( old fake flowers and burned out candles ), 
  goddamn spoilers everywhere, 
  1871 would be totally ok . 
  and he is in the former east . 
  many people went west after the wall came down . 
  no one is talking about deportation to jordan . 
  but they could have fled there from the beginning . 
  it 's much closer , cheaper and safer . 
  they are free to stay if they honour our laws and customs . 
  i 'm not saying that they should get shitfaced at the oktoberfest but at least seeing sexes as equal or accepting freedom of speech should be mandatory . 
  if they choose germany , they have to live with the consequences . 
  jordan is a safe country after all . 
  if they do n't want to follow our laws ( equality of sexes , no discrimination and so on ) then they should fuck off . 
  one of the soviet leaders was from the ukraine and decided to cede to crimea to the ukrainian soviet republic , which however still was part of the ussr . 
  only after the ukrainian independence russia lost the crimea . 
  before that it was merely an administrative change . 
  i do n't get the whole outrage about the crimea annexation . 
  imagine due to some administrative reorganisation sliesia end up being part of the czech republic . 
  you would want that back , especially if it is of strategic importance . 
  now the mess in the eastern ukraine is another story with fault to be found in moscow and in kiev . 
  but that happened some time ago . 
  also , is n't the dutch royal family from a german dynasty ( hessen-nassau ) ? 
  the third reich did not end well . 
  the forth one however looks nice . 
  we just need the brits not to leave, 
  we also get spied upon and lied . 
  if you look at american wars after korea only the second gulf war was justified . 
  everything else was bullshit , like vietnam and the third gulf war . 
  and the whole mess south of mexico . 
  the us has been bullshitting the world at least since 1946 . 
  glorious times are ahead of us comrades . 
  now we only need to remove kebab and we have achieved communism in its purest form . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/colonization_attempts_by_poland the plc had vassals who had colonies ( or at least attempted ) . 
  therefore they had some colonies . 
  they never were successful though . 
  i do n't know , i do not trust any kebab store where females work , and that even without a headdress . 
  absolutely haram . 
  / s seriously though i have no idea what the difference between kebab antalia , adana and alania is supposed to be but i know that it costs more than a d\u00f6ner at my trusted arab restaurant . 
  as a german i who is currently in poland i am shocked by the lack of arabs in your kebab places . 
  most of the staff has blonde hair and blue/green eyes . 
  actually poland had some colonies . 
  nothing big , but they had colonies . 
  edit : through the duchy of couronia which was dependant to the plc https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/colonization_attempts_by_poland, 
  south park ? 
  last time i checked russia had more land in asia than in europe,
