  something about a north eastern artillery simulator institution system discussion encouragement debate, 
  10 $ are a nice lunch out and a good beer to go with it ( at least at my local brewery ) . 
  it is not about the difference you taste but the improvement for the chickens . 
  rekt , just like the concord ( ia ), 
  global warming has not only downsides . 
  sudan gained the `` diplomatic insult '' casus belli, 
  gulags and vast forests . 
  also cold winters . 
  actually i would not mind that . 
  they fucked up . 
  big time . 
  now they should be punished . 
  they are rapists . 
  the scum on earth . 
  these six boys , if proven guilty should be deported to siberia for twenty years . 
  or worse . 
  speaking from personal experience , our judicial system is way to forgiving . 
  it looks like a new model to me ( at least the blue one . 
  really ? 
  i live in a city with lots of 2nd/3rd generation immigrants from north africa/the middle east and 5 refugee shelters and i have not noticed any difference at all . 
  actually if you have lived your life in a german city with high immigrant population you barely notice a change . 
  100 refugees more are nothing compared to the 10k people with turkish / maghreb roots . 
  we had a serious air battle within the last 40 years ? 
  i have no idea . 
  my mobile keyboard has random variations of most letters, 
  m\u00f6\u0159\u00e9 \u0111\u00f6\u0165\u0161 \u00fd\u00f3\u00fc m\u00e9\u00e4\u00f1, 
  free labour force . 
  and the guards probably do n't care who they are beating up . 
  i think germany did something similar a couple years ago . 
  not sure though . 
  siberia is always an option for criminal scum . 
  well , you know we germans look scary in the dark . 
  sometimes we even go outside . 
  the war was started in 1914 by serbians and austria . 
  the peace between 1918 and 1937 ( start of the japanese - chinese war ) was merely a ceasefire . 
  the treaty of versailles was no solution . 
  rekt, 
  week 5 still no potato, 
  it was ordered by our defence minutes to do so and she is very incompetent . 
  she makes decisions based upon public impact and not upon common sense . 
  it 's our incompetent defence minister trying to blame the weapons manufacturer instead of accepting the consequences . 
  from what i have heard it is actually bad training . 
  soldiers firing several magazines on full auto and then wondering why the rifle ca n't hit shit . 
  no other user has problems with it . 
  but our incompetent defence minister tried to put the blame on the weapons and not on poor training . 
  the kurdish peschmerga have no problems with the g36 in syria and iraq . 
  actually our rifles are good . 
  the rest though ... 
  i 'm not saying that greece should shot down turkish jets ( although i would not mind ) but if you demand that your airspace should not even be violated for 20 seconds you should n't harass other nations . 
  that is very hypocritical . 
  yeah , now there 's heavy sam in the area and russia is probably thinking how to arm the kurds . 
  that 's much better . 
  besides , turkey violates greek airspace all the time . 
  maybe there should be shootouts too , to stop the turkish aggressions . 
  flair checks out . 
  redditor for 16 hours . 
  you could say that it is a final solution . 
  see , the perfect solution, 
  no , not really . 
  you do n't get which essence i 'm talking about . 
  i thought they would absorbe his `` lifeforce '', 
  `` i was his biggest fan . 
  i even got the `` endsieg '' limited edition '', 
  no actually i have n't, 
  at no place i have ever been there was a shortage of either thing . 
  say that to any school or university here . 
  what is this warm water you are talking about ? 
  sadly true, 
  which one are you talking about , the royal air force or the rote armee fraktion ? 
  guess who just lost billions from tourism, 
  in this context yes . 
  however if i would say that in my hometown i 'd wake up in the hospital . 
  yes , at least one who was later executed by turkmen rebels . 
  they were bombing turkmen rebels . 
  the plane crossed a small bit of turkish airspace because some turkish land looks like a small version of florida and reaches inside syria . 
  only an idiot would give the order to engage over such a small violation . 
  the russian planes were never a threat to turkey and they were not on a vector towards any targets within turkey . 
  you can argue about airspace violation all you want but sometimes common sense is the thing you should listen to . 
  using tom clancy 's words you can say that the ottoman empire wants to start a pissing contest with russia but the emperor 's dick is not long enough for that . 
  they said that in vietnam too . 
  and at least bombers still are easy prey for cannon armed planes . 
  it is quite simple . 
  either it is a limited war so numbers do not matter or it is am all out war which means turkey gets nuked and can not retaliate . 
  however i doubt that france or britain would end up at war with turkey . 
  britain and france could wipe turkey from the map within one hour . 
  because when your numbers would matter ( all out war ) they would n't matter for long . 
  sadly . 
  however maybe we should do it the swiss way and declare ourselves neutral . 
  turkey with it current regime is neither democratic nor helping nato . 
  funding terrorist which attack another member should result in some serious consequences . 
  well i 'm sure germany has more than enough weapons to arm the kurds against ~ ~ the ottoman empire ~ ~ turkey, 
  not really . 
  russia has a considerable fighter force and thousands of old cold war era planes . 
  wo n't find a f-22 on radar but a mig-21 is more than capable of dogfights and shooting down american bombers . 
  and the mig-29 and su-27 variants are on the same level like the f-15 and f-16 ( better flight characteristics but worse electronic gear ), 
  i would say that it would be better if it turns out that turkey shot down the russian plane in syria . 
  because right now turkey is a burden to the nato and we could use the reason to kick them out . 
  they are supporting isis and the regime of the new ottoman empire is getting close to russian standard . 
  repeating an election just because you lost your ability to rule alone is not a democratic process . 
  russia and the nato are playing games , but turkey is doing something different .
