  it was . 
  the ottomans ruled a united middle east for 400 years . 
  if it 's a good old battle field with line infantry sweden or poland would do the job . 
  sweden had some of the best infantry throughout history and the polish have experience with removing kebab that is threatening europe . 
  you ca n't pick up random people and let them build a fusion reactor , sure , but for example when building a road there is enough work with shovels and pickaxes to do . 
  under supervision that should be fine . 
  considering that you could park ~ 40 on an aircraft carrier yes . 
  yes , because every german civilian was a nazi ... 
  1870/71 maybe ? 
  or 1813 and 1815 . 
  if you are talking about this century france was defeated in indochina ( later on called vietnam ) and the algerian civil war was bloody too . 
  we kicked them out of elsas lothringen really hard in 1870/71 and their defeats were crushing . 
  but today the only country scarier than france is russia . 
  read about the beirut hostage situation if you are interested :  in lebanon during the mid-1980s four soviet citizens were kidnapped by the palestinian fatah forces , known at the time to have been funded by the cia . 
  one of the abducted men was subsequently murdered in captivity . 
  the soviet union responded . 
  using their vast network of regional informants and intelligence assets , kgb led spetsnaz forces managed to swiftly abduct the abductors . 
  what followed was quite typical of the kgb - ruthless , efficient and effective . 
  they mutilated the hostage takers and sent their body parts , in boxes , to their families . 
  soon thereafter , the surviving three captives were released . 
  10 planes do not sound like a lot . 
  i was expecting something closer to 40 , maybe even 50 . 
  in wwii you did not aim for a factory . 
  you attacked germany with the intention to raise a city . 
  there were no civilian casualties . 
  there were only eliminated targets . 
  russia still has the best interceptors ( mig-31 ) and the best non stealth bomber ( tu-160 ) . 
  well look what your country did in germany back a couple decades . 
  it 's not like it was necessary to destroy all these towns . 
  but our bombing was not precise ( besides the radio guided anti ship weapons ) . 
  our cas on the eastern front however was exceptional . 
  one guy had like 500 destroyed vehicles and was shot down a couple times . 
  and our fighters were slaughtering the russians when they were there . 
  germany has no military capabilities that could be useful . 
  for example : our airforce can not maintain their fighters and our navy 's helicopters are not cleared for operations over water . 
  it would be much more useful to use our military to deal with the refugee situation . 
  the medical corps could provide health checks for every refugee entering our country and the engineering corps and the infantry could be used to build housing or at least improve the tent camps . 
  roman legions used to build entire towns after all . 
  the logistics branch can provide transportation and distribute supplies and other products needed by the asylum seekers . 
  there are more than enough tasks they could be used for . 
  fixing or building infrastructure for example . 
  i am not ruling out anything until we have confirmation . 
  and you can bet that assad would allow russians free reign on his soil . 
  and after tonight france will probably do something too . 
  you are forgetting that the terrorist ( or a secret service ) planted a bomb on a russian plane , killing 220 civilians . 
  that is a casus belli and russia is probably going to avenge that act . 
  personally i think that they wo n't commit large forces to the retaliation but some vdv and speznas will make a couple heads roll for sure . 
  the kurds believe in western values compared to afghani extremists . 
  and so far they are trying their best to honor human rights , which is not that easy in a warzone . 
   si vis pacem para bellum if you want peace prepare for war, 
  because it is better when the kurds get 80 % of the weapons and isis 20 than leaving the kurds without weapons . 
  well , milan atgms are n't stone age either . 
  and i am really curious if the russians will be victorious in syria or if they face another afghanistan ( my money is on the russians ), 
  they reclaimed what was taken from them centuries ago . 
  even ( the crazy , warmongering ) charles xii had more connections to reality . 
  and at least he took personal responsibility . 
  of course a germany flair, 
  technically 10 km is well within aaa range but try hitting an airliner with a wwii gun . 
  because 17 kids dead is worse than 203 adults . 
  is there any time or place were getting caught is good ? 
  edit : any realistic scenario ? 
  you mean it was part of the v3 project ( cannon that fired a projectile into space which would reentry near the target ) ? 
  i have another one : a german flak 8.8 grenade was fired during wwii and got caught in a time vortex . 
  because of reasons it appeared in front of mh-17 and the shift in time caused it to explode . 
  well , there goes the invasion of britain 2.0 plan . 
  stupid dutch , they were supposed to build a land connection to england and not sink their country . 
  risky click of the day, 
  because she used to live a secular live . 
  then civil war broke out and no one cared about civilian casualties . 
  the government started bombing and shelling cities . 
  so she flees . 
  now there are several choices . 
  requesting asylum in europe and be somewhat safe , becoming a slave in an arab country or fleeing to the syrian government which is n't safe either . 
  the right to asylum is guaranteed by the un but the concept of asylum from war dates back to ancient greece . 
  and all these arab countries are not safe because they do have sharia llaws and execute them harshly . 
  saudi arabia shares a lot of its penal code with isis . 
  a woman from syria will lose a lot of rights in saudi arabia for example . 
  war refugees have a right on a safe place to stay until the conflict is over . 
  in the middle east there are probably 2 safe places right now , israel and jordan . 
  the others do not qualify as safe places . 
  some years ago turkey would have been a safe country but these times are gone . 
  so the first safe country they enter if they go west is greece , making it an european problem . 
  berlin was supplied by air and we managed to do that . 
  we do n't have these limitations in the middle east . 
  so it is a lot easier . 
  and these people have a right for asylum . 
  so we either take them into the eu or we supply them in jordan and lebanon . 
  i am not saying that the `` invasion '' from refugees is a good thing or that we should accept them all . 
  but we have to take care of the war refugees and at least offer them housing , safety and food . 
  all of which we can ship to jordan and libanon . 
  we were able to supply berlin from air for more than a year so we certainly can supply a couple million refugees in the middle east . 
  if you pull the emergency break and there 's no nb\u00dc active ( notbrems\u00fcberbr\u00fcckung , prevents the train from stopping in tunnels or on high bridges ) most trains will stop rather violently . 
  as in using all break pressure avaliable and deploying additional magnetic breaks . 
  i am using db daily and i have inconveniences maybe once a month . 
  the bahn is better than their reputation . 
  the trains arrive without serious delay at least 70 % of the time . 
  and who cares if the train is 3 minutes late ? 
  you remind me of a certain mad king `` burn them all '', 
  the poor goats, 
  the first one was a typo ( thanks autocorrect ) and i fixed that .
