  which the west wo n't like . 
  and i do n't think that blaming the west is the way to go . 
  you can also blame it on the ottomans who supported germany in wwi and got dissolved afterwards . 
  which caused the initial mess in the twenties . 
  and it does n't matter who caused the problem because there is no peaceful solution which satisfies all participants . 
  edit : also why collective guilt for the west ? 
  what have the inhabitants of luxembourg or estonia or sweden contributed to the middle east conflict ? 
  look at the air forces fighting isis and compare that to the british and american bomber forces during wwii . 
  and the last time someone carpet bombed an entire city was probably during the vietnam war . 
  most of the airstrikes against isis utilise precision weapons and not iron bombs . 
  dude the only industrial buildings still standing were bunkers for the workers . 
  all big factories were in pieces and burned out . 
  and what survived the bombing and hitler 's nero order was taken by the allies . 
  nearly all bridges were either bombed or sabotaged by the retreating army . 
  most train stations were bombed to dust . 
  well there was n't much industry left in germany ... 
  i ai n't complaining about immigrants , i am complaining about radicals . 
  and the only solution which would solve the problem is not possible to realise . 
  yeah does n't matter because you can just kill a lot of people in the queue in front of the security checks, 
  there is always the `` german '' way . 
  completely bomb the country . 
  leave no town intact . 
  invade with a huge force ( we are talking about more than a million soldiers ) . 
  search every village . 
  do some sort of n\u00fcrnberg trials . 
  you have to make people feel that extremism is the wrong way . 
  hell , that even convinced most of the ss that they were wrong . 
  then do a marshall plan 2.0 . 
  rebuild the country . 
  give them a future . 
  however that is simply not viable today ( due to civilian casualties ) . 
  where can i volunteer ( to bomb isis ) ? 
  the deluge was only 10 years after the thirty years war . 
  i like what you imply, 
  he only died because he knew too much ... 
  nah , but that 's what i like about his books . 
  you finish reading one and think `` what a great book , luckily that would never happen '' but then realise that stuff like that actually happens . 
  the isis he wrote was a califate in the iraq and iran controlled by some religious fanatic and because they took over the government it was more like state terrorism . 
  and the `` marine who prevents an terrorist attack by taking on a couple terrorist while on vacation '' was jack ryan in patriot games . 
  although it was not an islamic background but part of the north ireland conflict . 
  yeah that was pretty graphic, 
  that reminds me of tom clancy 's patriot games , where an ex marine prevents an act of terrorism . 
  the scary thing is that clancy managed to predict a couple of events which happened similar to his fictional novels . 
  he predicted : - ebola - 9/11 - the annexation of the crimea - the is - marines preventing terrorism although none of the events happened exactly the way he wrote them it still is scary . 
  edit : predict may be the wrong word . 
  he writes fiction which becomes reality a couple years later without a connection . 
  with suppressed minorities in every oblast, 
  let 's hope they do n't start playing hearts of iron, 
  well it would have been favorable if air supply via us planes would have worked better but the soviets blocked that . 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbwc3nppxtq, 
  some actions should be sufficient to lose your citizen status . 
  but that is just my opinion . 
  deportation of the parents for example . 
  or take a look at german history / s. 
  actually the germans are the successors of the original barbarians , so there is that . 
  but it is also a synonymous for savage and i think that circumcision is exactly that . 
  you could argue that the right for a life free of body harm ( `` k\u00f6rperliche unversehrtheit '' in german law ) makes circumcision illegal unless there is a medical reason . 
  depends on how you punish parents who would violate the law against it . 
  i volunteer for the firing squad . 
  but seriously , we need to stop this barbaric act . 
  or we could take more drastic steps ... 
  you forgot '' / s '' i hope . 
  do n't you want to ride the german broomstick after keeling over ? 
  like the us supplying terrorist with stinger missiles ? 
  we already tried `` liberating '' europe twice . 
  better ? 
  therefore you could argue that everything prussia once conquered is rightfully polish because prussia started as a polish province . 
  that argument is not very convincing . 
  still a better reason than anyone else has . 
  and do n't argue distance . 
  the falklands belong to britain after all . 
  from a historical point of view point of view germany . 
  eastern prussia was a key province of prussia , which united the `` germany we know '' in 1871 . 
  50 kilometers more westward . 
  some cities in germany would change their title to caliphate . 
  i can think of at least 20 ways to solve this problem . 
  changing a couple laws could be necessary tho . 
  probably the cold was not sweden 's problem , but they still need food and weapons . 
  well , did n't work either . 
  in an open desert the russians would have slaughtered the afghans . 
  afghanistan is filled with steep mountains and long valleys . 
  that is not a terrain for the standard russian tactics ( concentration of mechanized and armored formations which break the enemy 's lines and exploit the breakthrough with fast occupation of land . ), 
  and the west lost to afghanistan , too . 
  well , first i was exaggerating . 
  second , most people need to grow a thicker skin . 
  and third , my first comment was sarcastic . 
  that are no real reasons . 
  that is bullshit . 
  the soviets could not use their tanks and ifvs because they could n't elevate their guns far enough . 
  vietnam has a much worse terrain to wage war on . 
  and it was unfamiliar to the us . 
  the ukraine however is quite similar to russia ( terrain and climate ) . 
  most common cause of death by the kgb still is a 9mm brain hemorrhage . 
  maybe i am ignorant , but show me examples why we need gender studies . 
  feminist theory and third generation feminism ars two completely different things . 
  just take a look at / r/tumblrinaction . 
  just because some people are dickheads you do n't need to create a study course . 
  also let me give you an example about sexism from my university ( in mainz , germany ) . 
  the women department at my university often hosts events for women only . 
  but it gets better .
