tell me how to fight a humanitarian war . 
  because there are none . 
  there are always civilian casualties . 
  that is sadly unavoidable . 
  and i do n't like merkel . 
  she is one of the worst politicians in my country 's recent history . 
  she just is lucky that the economy does well , which she has done little for . 
  like a german populist said , it would be not that difficult to blockade the mediterranean . 
  and the asylum seekers could be distributed way more efficiently . 
  hell , we have thousands of empty flats in former east germany where you could put those people from afghanistan and syria . 
  which in return would create local jobs which in return would boost the local economy and the circle would continue . 
  the population in my country saw hitler as the lesser evil once . 
  also once upon a time the bolschewiki seemed to be the lesser evil . 
  the soviet defeat in afghanistan was the result of a cia intervention . 
  and isolating assad was n't done by putin . 
  rest of africa is not eligible for asylum . 
  they are simply economical refugees . 
  no i meant the rise of the islamists . 
  the shah was by far the lesser evil . 
  i was referring to the other fuck-up which probably started with the downfall of the shah and still did n't end . 
  i actually realise that that 's more than 20 years . 
  the things britain did wrong were mostly corrected by the iron first of the israeli army . 
  who fucked up the middle east for twenty years ? 
  strategic bombardments do not break a country . 
  but they make people feel that they are losing . 
  you see , absolute defeat is probably the only way to solve a problem . 
  it does n't matter if you look at sweden ( great nordic war ) , carthago ( punic wars ) or germany ( wwii ) , once a country is completely broken it will not return to its aggressive behaviour . 
  and since most recent wars did not lead to total defeat with unconditional surrender there are more than enough examples to prove that these wars only delayed the conflict ( korea , first 2 gulf wars , afghanistan x2 ), 
  we could deliver nice things to them and we actually do so . 
  these countries are safe . 
  they are not being shot at . 
  because the only way we could deal with terrorism would be total invasion and a deradicalisation , much like the denazification . 
  we would need a modern version of the n\u00fcrnberg tribunal with harsh penalties . 
  we would need to completely level the terrorist nations . 
  no big city should remain intact . 
  then we need to show people that radical islam is wrong . 
  they need to see their total defeat . 
  we are not talking about some cute little invasion like the us in iraq . 
  we are talking about a `` 15 million men of the red army driving towards berlin , searching every village and arresting everyone suspected of terrorism '' level . 
  then we need to rebuild their country . 
  if germany could go from the f\u00fchrer 's country to a democratic economical might they can achieve something similar . 
  now why would n't that work ? 
  because the west is not willed to do so . 
  and because in the modern age there is a lack of will to carpetbomb an entire country . 
  during world war two it was said that the german civilian population was supporting the wrong their country did ( by election and lack of resistance ) and therefore they are valid targets . 
  today this can not be done . 
  and because we are not willed to get our hands dirty and eradicate the root of the problem we can not solve it . 
  the russians are more willing to do that as seen in chechenya and soon in syria . 
  but they ca n't do it alone . 
  and we would need the cooperation of the gulf states . 
  because we are not willed to talk in the only language these terrorist understand we will not be successful in stopping them . 
  not really . 
  most of my karma comes from / r/askreddit and/r/citiesskylines . 
  problem is that there are currently little other topics around on this sub . 
  but they have these huge ass nuclear ice breakers . 
  surely they would be useful for something . 
  or they could use the classic russian way and buy time with land . 
  let people come across the north pole into russia , they wo n't make it to the next town anyways . 
  russia wo n't let them in . 
  although i like your circle idea . 
  maybe we can make a triangle out of it . 
  no , on the contrary . 
  look at your lesser partner and clean his country up , will ya ? 
  russia is supporting assad now . 
  the vdv could end his problems quite easily . 
  assad is safe . 
  comrade putin will take care of this . 
  they could have ruled the baltic a little more than 300 years ago . 
  take a couple ~ ~ terrorist ~ ~ immigrants with integration difficulties and put them through an old fashioned carolean training and you get the best army in europe . 
  hell , you can even use your old slogan . 
  `` march forward . 
  do not try to dodge the bullets . 
  if god wants you to die you will die anyways . '', 
  something something kalmar union something, 
  you are now on a list, 
  `` we are ze germans . 
  your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own . 
  resistance is futile . '', 
  i was talking about the past ( it basically started in the cold war ) . 
  but look at the nsa and the russian separatists . 
  putin makes clear that he could take kiev if someone does something funny . 
  meanwhile the us try to play things down . 
  the difference is the terrain . 
  russia could n't use most of their big guns due to the mountains of afghanistan . 
  syria is a lot more open and flat . 
  which means that if the russians go to syria in the same fashion as they did in '79 the isis and the rebels are about to get fucked hard , fast and without lube . 
  that would cause the fourth gulf war or the third word war , depending on the american reaction . 
  the point is that both do fucked up shit in their own as well as in other countries . 
  only difference is that the russians stand with their deeds while the us try to put most of it under the carpet . 
  russia is the only foreign nation that is willing to use ground troops in syria . 
  and taking russian airborne and airmobile capabilities into consideration they could save quite a lot of endangered cultural sites as a side effect . 
  the west certainly has the manpower and equipment to wipe out the isis . 
  but not the will to use it . 
  swiss has money . 
  you imply that swiss could take on the soviet union and the us . 
  if we would have let the swiss do the counting you would have even more accurate numbers . 
  the problem is that if we pull out then some arab nations will probably try a '73 and attack israel . 
  or some terrorists will . 
  either way israel will face war and israel will win it . 
  afterwards they will try their solution for the problem .
