  so lets assume that there 's a private jet flying around over turkey . 
  it is the presidents plane . 
  you can even track it on flightradar.com . 
  if you plan a coup you make sure to know where the president you are revolting against is . 
  and if any civilian can find that out without confidential information at their disposal a couple high ranking military commanders can know too . 
  so the `` rebels '' decide to get rid of him . 
  they have at least 1 f-16 , usually armed with some sort of sidewinder ( ir guidance ) and sparrow or amraam ( radar guidance ) . 
  so the rebels use either ground radar or an awacs to guide their fighter to the presidential plane . 
  the rebel fighter ( s ) are flying very low to avoid radar detection . 
  upon reaching effective weapon range the fighter jet pulls up and locks its ir weapons on the presidential plane . 
  ir weapons do not alarm the target that there 's a lock so you have the element of surprise . 
  alternatively you just fire everything . 
  there should be enough time to fire at least ( 4 * number of rebel fighers ) missiles , nearly guaranteeing a hit . 
  if erdogan has escorts you engage them afterwards . 
  you then activate all your countermeasures to get away . 
  that 's the textbook example of how to shoot down a plane . 
  the willingness of the pilots is a different thing . 
  but i think that there 's more than enough blood on erdogans hands to make people who are in open revolt against him pull the trigger . 
  it is easy to shoot down a plane when you know it 's exact location . 
  this absolute display of incompetence and the lack of security after erdogans `` return '' make this smell like a false flag to me . 
  so what part was unrealistic ? 
  flying at ground level with disabled radar and ground ( or awacs ) guidance ? 
  using ir weapons to reduce the reaction window of the loyalist pilots ? 
  moving in from behind and below the escorts ? 
  going for the escorts first ? 
  using countermeasures to confuse possible return shots ? 
  i completely agree . 
  so they had the jet and its escorts in their sights . 
  it would n't be that hard to get a jump on them . 
  the loyalist f-16s could maybe get a couple quick shots of , but the `` rough '' pilots could simply bail their planes or try to evade the badly aimed missiles using countermeasures and jammers . 
  the turkish military cared more about the constitutional rights than the elected leaders . 
  hence the frequent coups . 
  we will use the broomsticks like lances and use the apcs like heavy horse back in the day . 
  since we are allies let 's just `` move '' some jets to a turkish airbase . 
  1 laser guided bomb later erdolf is a footnote in the history books . 
  you know , let 's team up with the russians and borrow some of their missiles . 
  within 1 hour erdolf would be gone for good with relatively low collateral damage . 
  one can dream ... 
  or europe should have given a shit . 
  half of europe marched to relief vienna in 1683 . 
  the russians should help the turkish democracy the same way they helped us . 
  was n't it a single guy who was caught ( who probably did light the fire ) and they abused the shit out of the situation ? 
  fuck that , it 's time to restore the roman empire . 
  \\ #make istanbul constantinople again, 
  if that happens putin will be happy equip the kurds with state of the art russian equipment , from anti tank weapons to advanced air defence systems . 
  germany is supplying the kurds for quite some time , although only with infantry weapons to fight isis, 
  yes . 
  children getting parts of their body amputated should only be allowed in medical emergencies . 
  this law would protect children . 
  if your religion finds it essential to maim children then you have a shitty religion . 
  it is about historical accuracy . 
  if you skip major events in favour of smaller things you are not depicting things right . 
  more soldiers from the 6th army died in soviet camps after surrendering than people were imprisoned for being gay . 
  in the warsaw uprising more people died than during the initial `` jew hunt '' around kiew . 
  but guess what we were n't taught . 
  if you ignore the bigger picture to talk about minor things you are not depicting history right . 
  around 7500 people were killed for being gay . 
  more people died fighting for iwojima , a really small island in the middle of nowhere . 
  i am no longer in possession of any textbooks but i remember that the part on `` operation barbarossa '' and `` 1940 '' being a paragraph . 
  and the problem with that is that for example many things happening during the wartime like japanese and soviet atrocities ( besides the rapes 1945 ) were not included . 
  likewise there was no mention of a war in the pacific besides pearl habour and the nukes . 
  events like the warsaw uprising were completely ignored too . 
  each of them were more important than what hitler did to a small number of homosexuals or which color had which meaning in concentration camps . 
  considering german history a-level textbooks have about half of a page about wwii and around 100-150 about other stuff related to hitler i seriously doubt this . 
  besides , it was leaked weeks ago ( and no one thought it was real ), 
  he 's right tho . 
  he had a gas pistol and wounded no one . 
  the injuries are due to cs gas . 
  so nothing would have changed . 
  i have been to france and have no idea what it means . 
  that 's why you need condoms, 
  of all the beautiful buildings and especially castles we have we get the reichstag . 
  you are all the north . 
  you probably mean ulm . 
  how many jews live in the world ? 
  how many muslims ? 
  spoiler nearly 100 times more muslims . 
  i am not saying that russia is great or has a good judicial system . 
  however they seem to be as good as the land of the free . 
  so it 's just like the us and their crazy shit like civilian forfeiture or their random executions without trial in foreign countries ( using drones ) ? 
  maybe you need to impale a lot of turks first . 
  like some sort of blood magic . 
  if by history you mean the russian winter then you are right . 
  there 's always siberia . 
  / r/eu4 is leaking, 
  try standing in front of it . 
  i dare you . 
  i beg to differ . 
  you do n't need the auch . 
  i just remember being at the iaa in frankfurt and there was a ford gt . 
  it had ecoboost engraved on the engine and the given specs for that car was a 5.0 l engine . 
  guns do n't kill . 
  idiots with guns do . 
  and if they had no guns other items would do . 
  ford also puts the ecoboost slogan on their 5.0 engine in the ford gt . 
  as a german i disagree . 
  my car has 140 horsepower and although you can get 220 kph out of it it accelerates really slow after 160kph . 
  the best aspect : i can legally drive that fast on public roads . 
  so come back to us . 
  actually the caroleans were used against russians , polish and danes ( and some saxons ) .
