the decision is on a per-municipality basis , as far as i know . 
  municipalities tend to renovate the lamps when they renovate a particular street ( new tarmac/sidewalks etc ) . 
  common street lights come in a range between yellowish or orange-ish depending on the manufacturing . 
  maybe we just use a manufacturer that produces more orange lights ? 
  regarding leds , new street lamps posts now use white led bulbs , older street lamps will also be replaced with newer ones . 
  efforts to replace older bulbs for led bulbs are on a per-street basis . 
  i do n't know the criteria . 
  but there 's definitely an ongoing effort to replace every lamp for led lamps in the next few years . 
  the city center around here uses all-led . 
  a town closer to mine also changed everything to led . 
  another reason might be the fact that older fluorescent bulbs dominate led bulbs in light pollution . 
  led lamps have really low upwards light propagation , meaning they are virtually invisible when you have a bunch of incandescent lamps a few kilometers away . 
  that kinda makes sense . 
  they allow you to continue with your plan as if you were in your own country . 
  or at least that 's what 's supposed to happen . 
  prices are almost definitely combined , but there 's also the possibility they 're not . 
  every major company tries to match the competitors in some ways . 
  with this i can side with anacom . 
  packaging and similar prices do not directly correlate with combined market . 
  but ... coming up with her the same pricing brackets at the same time is sketchy at best . 
  so yeah , they most likely have secret meetings to discuss packaging and consumer screwing stuff . 
  they made a huge deal announcing back in november that they were the first portuguese isp to implement the new roaming laws . 
  my money 's on the fact they found a loophole and they 're exploiting it , and that this will actually be what they will have by june 15th . 
  anacom simply falls for lobbying . 
  there 's a huge circlejerk between the 3 major telecom companies and anacom on an unprecedent scale . 
  like letting isps not share their fiber infrastructure ( which would provide competition and therefore low the prices out ) . 
  i get that the isps invested in their networks and whatnot but there are ways to make that sharing fair ( like equal part sharing or compensation ) . 
  oh you used a portion of the spectrum without a licence ? 
  better drag your ass to the court . 
  net neutrality violations ? 
  isp 's fair use . 
  i 'd be satisfied by that , actually . 
  vodafone in portugal does n't offer a single unlimited data plan ( aside from the zero-rating apps that are a huge attack to net neutrality anyway ) . 
  my plan currently has 5gb/month . 
  outside the country i 'd have just 100mb included . 
  after that , they bill 0.9 $ per 100mb or per day of use . 
  here , for my plan , vodafone will only offer 100mb for free . 
  after that , they offer 50mb for $ 0.90 , billed per day ( you use a single mb , you pay , and then you 're done for the day , or until you reach the cap ) . 
  this is not the `` use your plan while roaming '' vision i had . 
  this is `` we 're forced to flex a little due to eu laws but will still find a way to screw you '' . 
  in comparison , aside from the zero-rating apps ( because screw net neutrality ) , here they offer 5gb/month . 
  our government ca n't find stability/growth due to not only poor management , but also corruption . 
  10\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 $ vanished into thin air to offshore accounts ? 
  and we know about it a couple of years later ? 
  this happens too often , and i believe it 's the main problem with us . 
  there have n't been many investments in the past couple of years , yet public debt is increasing . 
  no tax cuts either despite some advertising . 
  portugal 's problem will only be solved when younger ( and hopefully , more honest ) minds reach power . 
  we have a lot economic potential and we 're not exploiting that at all . 
  but i 'm hopeful this changes in the next couple of decades . 
  until there we shall survive . 
   and his statement was n't about corruption it was about that you ca n't live like a big spender and then have to beg for money by other countries the thing is , there was no big spending . 
  even recently it was found out a large sum of money `` vanished '' . 
  it is corruption . 
   greece with the economy another reason to spend vacation time there . 
  good for you ( greece is fucking gorgeous ) and good for them  spain and portugal hating our dutch minister dijsselbloem he 's a dickhead , but we still welcome you people . 
  he said it out of his mouth alone , i doubt he represents the majority , judging by the backslash . 
  better sense of humor too , jajajajajajaja . 
  checking in . 
  rotterdam police seems way cooler than what we have around here , really cool . 
  i 'll really consider rotterdam . 
  from what you told me and from what i could assert myself , seems really awesome . 
  thank you so much for providing such useful information . 
  take care !, 
  one of the guys took advantage of the fact that i 'm portuguese ( and thus , low wages here ) , by offering me `` a big wage increase '' by working in amsterdam . 
  the wage was enough to live in a tiny bedroom outside amsterdam and after factoring in the other expenses , you had around 30 $ to spend . 
  that 's far less than my current spending budget . 
  i 've noticed a lot of recruiters doing this to southern countries engineers , as if we ca n't factor in living costs . 
  i also prefer rotterdam . 
  i 'm currently working in porto ( the second largest portuguese city and tech center ) kinda for those same reasons . 
  the city is older , but far less congestion and overall the people seem nicer . 
  also biased as i 've lived in the porto district all my life . 
  rotterdam is far nicer and attractive to me than amsterdam , really . 
  seriously considering there . 
  i 'm in the software engineering field . 
  i 've been approached by a few recruiters in the last couple of months to work in , receptively , rotterdam and amsterdam . 
  i 'm willing to learn dutch , even though i 've always had difficulty learning newer languages aside from english . 
  but given enough type i 'd probably catch the hang of it . 
  that 's seriously terrifying ... 
  as someone thinking about moving out ( and seriously considering netherlands as a destination to settle in ) this is great info on the subject . 
  thank you !, 
  you did a good job keeping it neutral . 
  i 'm also with the left wing opinion regarding your health service for that manner . 
  poorer people should also be able to access affordable or free health services . 
  tax increase might be a trade-off for it but general wellbeing and welfare of the population is something a government should seek . 
  but i also admit i might be biased as i view myself as leftist . 
  in portugal , the health service is usually free aside from a moderator tax you have to pay ( up to 15 $ i believe ) . 
  families can apply for exemption of this tax , which is usually granted of your cumulative annual income is lower than a target amount . 
  but not everything is a sea of roses . 
  while the health service is usually free or cheap , and actually quite good , you 're bound to priority queues which can be long , or life threatening if your condition is not diagnosed correctly . 
  this does n't happen often but it does happen sometimes . 
  there 's also private health services , but only the wealthiest can afford those . 
  usually no queues there . 
  uptated the comment to remove the term . 
  updated shots are also free for adults here . 
  it 's just there are some shots that are n't 100 % covered by the national health service yet . 
  the tendency is to gradually make them fully covered . 
  the shots you need to take for traveling ( malaria prevention , for example ) honestly o have no idea . 
  i believe there 's partial coverage , in which you just pay a fraction of the total price . 
  quick question regarding the netherlands : is the health service payed directly through a small cut on your wage ( like a government - provided insurance ) , or indirectly through general taxes and government budgeting ?
