  most vaccination is free of charge for either adults or children for most common preventable diseases . 
  other vaccines are administrated on a case by case basis if needed at a low cost . 
  the health services here are really good and i 'm stupid for not really taking advantage of it regarding vaccination . 
  i have n't taken my 20 year tetanus shot yet out of laziness . 
  this made me schedule to take it . 
  we 're nice people . 
  but there 's trash in every country . 
  edit : to clarify , not reiterating what the dude said . 
  saying that we also have trash in portugal as you could see . 
  we are generally nice people , but as you can see we also have white trash . 
  after trump is finished you can dispose of it in your local garbage disposal site . 
  we do n't want him . 
  not fair comparing it to real espressos , but i once tried spanish capsuled espresso ( you know , the nespresso-compatible ones , but dia branded ) . 
  i do n't know which one is better : ash or burnt rubber . 
  i think i got traumatized . 
  our espresso capsules from delta , nicola or even some white brands ( like continente ) are great , though . 
  a little bit of trivia : a espresso in porto is typically named after the italian espresso machines , the cimbali . 
  we also make it instead . 
  really great . 
   but stuff still costs the same as in rich counties tech stuff , media and whatnot it might be . 
  everyday goods , it 's largely cheaper than richer countries . 
  good luck finding an espresso for $ 0,50 elsewhere . 
  meat is cheaper , vegetables ? 
  cheaper . 
  and let 's not talk about fish . 
  almost . 
  which is easier , if i 'd guess , depends . 
  i think there are a few sentences in spanish which you can directly translate to european portuguese , while others will come close to brazilian . 
  in the end , directly translating spanish to portuguese will sound a lot more like european portuguese with a more prevalent use of gerundive ( will probably resemble a lot like southern european portuguese , alentejo region , like someone replied earlier ) , as brazilian portuguese also differs in vocabulary . 
  spanish and portuguese vocabulary is similar . 
  but i 'm not really a linguistics expert , just a eu pt native speaker , so i ca n't really assert which of them is easier for an foreign speaker . 
  for english , i recognize brazilian portuguese is easier due to the more prevalent gerundive ( and because vocabulary does n't matter , as you 'd have to learn them anyway from scratch ) , but for spanish speaking individuals , i have not much of a clue . 
  gerundive , the equivalent of the english present continuous , is virtually not used in european portuguese . 
  `` fazendo '' ( doing ) in brazilian portuguese is replaced to `` a fazer '' . 
  `` comendo '' ( eating ) becomes `` a comer '' and so on . 
  english can be almost directly translated to brazilian portuguese , but not so to european . 
  we 're not that poor , and some stuff like groceries can be quite cheap compared to other eu countries . 
  do n't feed into what some media sources say . 
  iirc purchasing power is the amount of regular , everyday goods ( like groceries ) you can purchase with minimum wage . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  the portuguese government also announced yesterday they 're studying the viability of a portuguese space agency . 
  iberian space race ? 
  translating for those who need :  for all this , mr. deputies , today , before you , before the portuguese people , i want you to know that as a spanish person , as the king of spain , my heart is with portugal . 
  thank you very much . 
  same . 
  scheduled vacations from the 26th through the 30th . 
  considering taking some time of in the new year 's eve 's week . 
  i think you mean ww2 . 
   i remember reading about one guy who thought it was a good idea to do the nazi salute in front of the reichstag building . 
  some people really do n't help themselves . 
  two chinese tourists did that there last week according to the building 's wikipedia page , seems a real common occurrence . 
  i 'm friends with the guitarist of nami . 
  they 're pretty good if you 're into melodic metal . 
  edit : guess he plays guitar for persefone now . 
  probably not so much . 
  there are not that many active fires in the rest of the country that caused a shortage of personnel on this one . 
  it 's nearly impossible to control a forest fire when it 's 40\u00bac outside , strong winds and dry soil . 
  proper forest cleanup might have helped hugely , but most land is privately owned . 
  bumped up to 57 now ... :(, 
  i would , yes . 
   nobody thinks about portugal at all . 
  unless it 's summer , then `` algarve '' suddenly exists . 
  22 % of all portugal-born portuguese citizens are expats , not exactly because the country is poor ( it is though ) , but it seems to be a cultural thing , coming from the xvi century or so , we 've always had a higher expat rate compared to other eu nations . 
  and it 's pretty much scattered around the uk , spain and france , countries that gave 12 points each . 
  so in a sense , / u/loulan is right . 
  not that expensive to host considering the infrastructure we already have . 
  meo arena and the area around it is already prepared . 
  we do , yes . 
  built for expo ' 98 , meo arena , previously known as pavilh\u00e3o atl\u00e2ntico . 
  more than enough to host esc18 . 
  well more because we won . 
  spain is like a brother for us , we tend to vote for them , but being honest , i did n't like their song this year , at all . 
  this should be reported ... 
  holy fuck , i thought it was just packs of zero-rating for certain apps , not packs of which apps are allowed to be used , and all of those outside of the plan pay extra . 
  that 's utterly fucked up if true . 
  they lobby on other aspects , zero rating is legal , but traffic shaping is not , yet a few of them are doing it . 
  they 'll probably excuse it on `` network qos '' , which is allowed on set terms , but those terms need to be regulated to ensure it is not being overdone . 
  the regulator job is here . 
  but they 're paid to keep their eyes shut regarding this . 
  vodafone so far seems clean , but not so much for the other big two . 
  in portugal : http://www.yorn.net/yorn/tarifario/yorn-x/index.htm#apps yorn is a vodafone plan targeting the youth . 
  they 're still doing it around here . 
  the regulatory agency is hugely lobbied and no one bats an eye . 
  vodafone 's example : http://www.yorn.net/yorn/tarifario/yorn-x/index.htm#apps, 
  at least they did something . 
  portuguese telecommunication regulatory agency ( anacom ) is too busy counting the money they got from vodafone , nos and pt telecommunications to do something . 
  meanwhile , the operators boast about their 0 rating as a marketing strategy . 
  meo ( pt ) even launched an app that allowed you to pick packs of zero rated apps . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure at least nos does traffic shaping over p2p data . 
  the service is not bad for most people , but man ... 
  it 's a shit show of illegal practices . 
  `` it '' refers to the council . 
  what prevents uk from negotiating it 's own treaties right is the fact that the withdrawal agreement needs to be ratified . 
  uk needs to renegotiate treaties with the eu as part of the withdrawal agreement before being able to do treaties with other foreign nations . 
  so right now , uk has no veto rights , nor can sign it 's own treaties . 
  uk citizens can still do another referendo and if they change their minds by june 8th , the article 50 trigger will be void as if nothing had happened , as long as the remaining 27 allow uk to remain ( which they already voiced uk would be welcomed back ) . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-6-final-provisions/137-article-50.html ) paragraph 2 refers to the notification of the withdrawal request and paragraph 3 refers to the fact all treaties cease to apply after the withdrawal agreement has been approved or 2 years past the article 50 has been triggered . 
  with this info , do you believe uk still has veto powers over decisions concerning the remaining members or not ? 
  iirc , after article 50 has been triggered , uk loses it 's veto rights on subjects impacting existing member states , but do n't quote me on that .
