  impact and rush seems so likeable to me . 
  great plays dude !, 
  definitely better than what i expected from a d4 player !, 
  video itself was good and clean . 
  there were n't any overediting . 
  however i hated the song . 
  there is no useless advertisement . 
   it 's his style, 
  well sorry but flaming is n't a style , it 's a bad habit . 
  that guy should n't even play this game if he 's a well known toxic player let alone casting a game . 
  i do n't follow lck but you 're telling me that easyhoon 's azir is even better ? 
  korean mid laners are scary . 
  i do n't follow lck but you 're telling me that easyhoon 's azir is even better ? 
  korean mid laners are scary . 
  now they 're equal with turkey !, 
  damn that was obvious . 
  2nd group seemed harder to me with tr , oce and sea 3 strong wildcard regions . 
   boring azir/viktor farmathons, 
  eu matches are a lot better in this matter . 
  they at least can gain and use early advantages . 
  what does it mean ? 
  `` kaka '' means poop in turkish by the way , is it any related to this ? 
  yeah you better care about what do we say deficio !, 
  as a turk , using turk word as an insult kinda hurt my pride but that 's a good story so it 's okay :d, 
  thanks for the explanation , they earned one more fan just now . 
  i think he meant dlg . 
  maybe it 's a word came here with turkish workers who learnt it there since there are a few more words for poop in turkish . 
  d\u0131\u015fk\u0131 < kaka < bok in the order of rudeness like vagina < pussy in english . 
  eu hate on na is getting out of hand ? 
  since the 2014 worlds na fanboys shat on eu fanboys and now it 's getting out of hand ? 
  cmon guys you can do better . 
  i 'm not a geography expert but do islands count for the mainland continents ? 
  if so he is wrong but not retarded , otherwise he is correct . 
  being an american sounds complicated . 
  they would still be able to judge the players better than us imo . 
  he does n't . 
  he shined with fnatic because it already was a good team but he sucked balls with elements . 
  not saying he is a bad adc but he just does n't carry like forg1ven as you try to make him sound . 
  i 'm not saying forg1ven  rekkles , both have their different strenghts . 
  i 'm saying rekkles is n't able to carry as hard as forg1ven does because of his playstyle . 
  and he is a support main . 
   because a good adc can not hard carry in soloq anymore, 
  this is actually a good thing . 
  no role should be able to carry alone . 
   a bad adc is far more impactful than a good one . 
  this applies to every other role maybe with the exception of supports . 
  good supports just make a huge difference . 
  i saw many supports carrying the game in high plat-low dia mmr . 
  why it 's harder to carry in higher mmr ? 
  is it something related to narrowing skill floors so supports having a hard time to make a difference or ? 
  i always wondered this . 
  i think he meant the buff to his earlier nerf of ult . 
  yep . 
  let 's pretend like 5-0 draven , trist or graves does n't impact the game at all . 
  i was almost going to believe what you 're saying then i remembered 1-shotting fed draven crits . 
  visually it 's hard to compare but i love the sound effects of glacial malphite . 
  they are not removing it , they 're making it a legacy skin . 
  if you stay at the backline , that move would make riven isolated from her team so your support can capitalize on that by cc-ing/exhausting her . 
  so that flash-w move is actually pretty foolish in a teamfight if you can position well . 
  and of course you ca n't 1v1 a riven as an adc if you were meaning this . 
  she is obviously designed to kill ad carries in 1v1 situations like many other high damage-low durability champions but to have problems with reaching the backline and surviving after that . 
  when you say that i think i should 've understood what you meant as it actually was obvious but it 's 4:38 am here and i 'm really sleepy . 
  i think toxic players should n't be rewarded so i agree with riot this time . 
  toxic players should n't be toxic . 
  that 's simple as that . 
  there should n't be any `` i had a bad day '' excuse since every people on this planet sometimes have a bad day but not all them are reflecting this to other people playing an online game to have fun . 
  this game has some rules against these players and riot has the right to change them any time they wanted to if they think it 's appropriate . 
  saying `` hey but they said they will give rewards to toxic players '' is n't valid because riot is a company that always seeks for a better revenue hence a better community , they can always change their opinions if they think it 's better for the community . 
  and all of us actually know that timing of this announcement would n't change anything , it would n't make toxic players any better . 
  just like the last year ... everyone here was complaining about toxic players until riot announced that they wo n't give mystery skins to toxic players . 
  then everyone started to riot because they 're actually toxic and they wo n't get their rewards for being toxic . 
  maybe because even in the poke meta lux was n't being played . 
  now it 's more like a control/poke mage meta but still lux is n't being played . 
  she is always a risky pick even in solo q. 
  i think this means lux is actually up . 
  completely irrelevant : ceylan = gazelle in turkish . 
  not so common but there are girls named ceylan . 
  i do n't any male ceylan though . 
  no , they do n't . 
  we all get reported sometimes but the system checks if that reported player deserved the report but even if he did deserve it , system does n't punish him if that 's the first report of him . 
  my solution to this problem is , do n't be a dick and get rewarded . 
  i think it 's better and more fair than be a dick and get rewarded . 
  i think people who improved their behaviours should be able to accept this as this punishment is n't random but because of they did something wrong over the time . 
  most retarded and childish meme reddit ever created . 
  you mispelled dark passage !!, 
  it 's been a while since last i saw this thread ... 
  bjk also bought a strong and new team named aces high . 
  that was so beatiful . 
  and i think rekkles is n't the passive pussy he used to be . 
  this split and especially this series he made so many high risk high reward plays . 
  he also made many risky plays this series , not only this pentakill . 
  feint is the best . 
  it was n't like that a long time ago ... 
  nice play , upvoted . 
  however you made me remember why i hate yasuo so much that i was almost downvoting . 
  wow . 
  it 's been so long since i last saw an aatrox . 
  even pre-buff elise or leblanc was more popular . 
  damn nice !, 
  i want to see more of xpeke ^ ^,
