  improving starts with accepting the wrong . 
  edit : when we see translations from inven reactions especially after a match that a korean team lost to a foreign team , korean community really seems like shit . 
  no better than turkish community . 
  flaming when they lose , praising when they win is n't the way . 
  that dragon kick was awesome . 
  intz threw better than dignitas at baron . 
  props to thaldrin though . 
  turkey needs a slot at worlds / s, 
  do n't believe yourself thaldrin !, 
  believe in the rumble who believes in you !, 
  so mad . 
  how does intz deserve it while bjk does n't ? 
  he is czec ... oh wait, 
  actually it 's a gamble for us . 
  no one knows how they will play . 
  today 's bjk was a completely different team from day 2 's bjk . 
  that 's why we do n't hype them . 
  i mean they lost every early game then they cameback with their teamfighting and objective steals . 
  i know the rules are rules and all but i do n't see how bjk could 've gained advantage with their cell phones . 
  they got ganked , they lost the early game , they warded , they fighted , intz threw , they won . 
  you sound hateful not mad . 
  do n't know why though . 
  thaldrin is n't scummy . 
  not sure about dumbledoge , nardeus and energy since they still are new faces in turkish scene . 
  theokoles on the other hand is a known flamer in solo q but he is also loved by fans for some reason . 
  making this offence an excuse for losing is a different thing though . 
  i 'm telling that they won without cheating . 
  seems like intz team is also agreeing with me . 
  well this seems like an excuse for losing to me . 
  bjk won , even though they lost every early game , with their teamfighting . 
  i do n't see how a cell phone can affect their teamfighting . 
  i had some respect for br community . 
  not anymore . 
  telling `` hey they broke the rules , not sure if they intended but this should be punished '' is different than `` hey they 're carrying cell phones so it 's obvious that they used them . 
  1 vibrate for gank 2 vibrate for baron omg cheaters '' . 
  ultimate ! = legendary, 
  comes from an ex-muslim atheist , i think muslim world needs change . 
  things are n't going well for them . 
  judaism is a religion , jewish is a race , islam is a religion . 
  does it even matter ? 
  people do get offended by this kind of things . 
  edit : `` this kind of things '' = this kind of team names etc. 
  `` this kind of things '' ! = religions, 
  i was wondering why i was getting downvoted . 
  let him finish the sentence dude !, 
   we 're using abbreviations for this now ? 
  ftfy, 
  what happened to him ? 
  for a game with league 's graphics , 4gb is more than enough . 
  ohmy, 
  it 's good to see that the rules will be standardized globally . 
  it 's just that in the last few days ( i mean during iwci ) br community 's attidude here was n't that good . 
  just check some post-match threads if you already did n't . 
  and when i saw the `` they have the phones so they cheated , i told u dude intz is lcs caliber bjk sucks '' comments here i just got angry . 
  but , yeah , you are right . 
  judging an entire community based on these is foolish . 
  gon na be downvoted but i do like them being unprofessional . 
  i do n't osu !, 
  to be a srs bsns so it 's better this way . 
  the problem with essence reaver is the item itself does n't give a big power spike . 
  for ad carries there are bt , ie , statikk shiv or triforce . 
  ad caster who depends on mana builds muramana because of it 's active . 
  it just gives way too much damage than essence reaver while being cheaper . 
  even if they do n't build muramana , they build some arpen items because it 's cheap and gives a big powerspike considering their price . 
  i think essence reaver 's build path should change and item should cost less . 
  brutalizer build path sounds good to me . 
  i meant their talking style being unprofessional . 
  it 's just i do n't want osu !, 
  to be a aaa-like game . 
  it 's free , it 's indie so there is no reason to pretend like professionals . 
  pls, 
  scumbag yeah but his aim and timing was perfect . 
  because they could n't play against brazil dude . 
  some people were starting pd on vayne before botrk and others were telling `` if you aa 's wont hurt what 's the point of building as ? '', 
  it 's not like botrk made this build path possible , botrk made people realize how strong vayne is with high as . 
  i think same can go for ms. 
  i did n't try it though . 
  nice to see them drinking monster \u2122 energy drinks . 
  by the way when will our flair be updated ? 
  all right , thanks !, 
  that 's ... unexpected . 
  please stay as a caster/streamer krepo . 
  you were the man who made me love clg.eu along with froggen . 
  i started doing fitness thanks to you . 
  fuck this hit me so hard . 
   passive - way of the wanderer, 
   shield strength 60 - 470 \u21d2 100 - 510, 
   flow charge rate 100 % at every level \u21d2 78/89/100 % effectiveness ( at levels 1/7/13 ), 
  not sure if it 's a buff or nerf ... 
  i do n't why but i got downvoted for telling this ... 
  holy fuck . 
  seems like a weird subreddit name . 
  ama requests ... 
  b-but how does ignite deal damage to brand then ... 
  what the fuck rito ? 
  i told myself i 'm not going to buy any skin and you release this ? 
  definitely not going to buy ... 
  i like this change . 
  but i do n't like this change being undocumented . 
  riot pls .
