  so , yeah , you better keep muslims under control or they will try to control you in a one way or another . 
  it 's just how islam works . 
  you ca n't change that until you change quran and it seems impossible . 
  source : an atheist turk living in turkey . 
  i 'm pretty sure that turkey is still better than other muslim countries ( maybe with the exceptions of singapore and malaysia ) in the terms of freedom of religion but still it sucks . 
  to be fair , it 's better to call that city greek to respect their history . 
  2000 years ago turks were still fighting with the chinese , mongols and themselves in the middle-asia . 
  city is turkish atm but we are talking about a piece of time that the city was greek back then . 
  but yeah it 's confusing sometimes . 
  so it 's okay to jump on the hate train when he has a bad game but it 's not okay to jump on the hype train when he has a good game ? 
  all right then . 
  well if you consider beating people who does n't fast , pressing women to wear hijab and insulting women who do n't wear it tolerant all right then there is no point to argue . 
  do beating up people because they drink alcohol in their own place in ramadan seem tolerant to you ? 
  holy shit, 
  i 'm a big fan love your youtube videos keep up the good work, 
  better read the article first before saying it 's not going to work . 
  i mean russia is the stronger side but difference between turkey and russia is n't far too big since turkey also has a strong military ( they 're considered to be one of the 10 strongest militaries world-wide ) . 
  for one thing , they ca n't use nukes on turkey because nato . 
  and without the nukes it 's not even for sure that they would be victorious against turkey since defending is much easier than attacking in * real * wars as we 've seen before with finland against soviets or vietnam against usa . 
  it 's not about comparing numbers . 
  well if we take them literally one of them is literally telling the other person to die , other one is a well known racist joke . 
  i feel like telling a person to die is a lot worse . 
   you got ta put it into perspective . 
  many angry players automatically start the death wishing whenever they 're angry . 
  is this how we normalize things now ? 
  he should either be banned for at least 1 match . 
  or if riot does n't do anything i hope the crowd booes him . 
  flaming a person is understandable up to a point but wishing someone to die or stuff like that ( get cancer , hope ur mum dies etc. ), 
  are totally not okay . 
  and if riot leaves this as it is it will be normalized in many people 's eyes . 
  i 'm 23 years old , born and lived in a small village in turkey ( we do n't have that `` think about the children ! '', 
  vibe going on here ) until i was 18 so `` coddled '' does n't really fit here , thank you . 
  lol dude . 
  til that zarya ult actually deals damage . 
  it 's not much lol but i thought it does n't deal any damage . 
  i did n't watch the game so i ca n't comment on the other positions that people say were % 100 penalties but this one is n't a penalty , that 's for sure . 
  who is the first ? 
  if let 's say h2k or splyce fails like g2 did , they would n't get even half of this hate . 
  they 're also new teams ( well h2k is n't really new now ) but they are not hated and this is important . 
  not to say that these comments are deserved but it seems like g2 as a organization and as a team deserved not to be liked at least . 
  it 's up to them how to change things . 
  seriously . 
  that must be the best caitlyn mechanic play i 've ever seen . 
  at first i did n't even realize what he was doing but then when i saw the replay holy shit he actually calculated that . 
  sick play . 
  yeah lol you seriously believe that all of team and coach staff forgot to hand shake . 
  something that they do ever since they 've become a pro player . 
  they were mad as fuck they left the stage then they realized wtf they did so they 're going for pr . 
  top 8 team ( top 4 according to the team itself ) but chokes on the most important matches , mmkay . 
  this is like saying g2 was a serious contender but they * choked * . 
  hard group means nothing since you got ta beat them in order to prove yourself . 
   tsm    c9 , anx and arguably h2k, 
  overall , yeah . 
  tsm seemed much more promising coming into the tournament and they delivered in the week 1 . 
  but if we compare week 2 , it 's not even close between tsm and c9/h2k . 
  in all fairness i feel like tsm was n't that good and we overestimated them . 
  i mean being consistent , not choking under pressure etc. 
  are qualities of a good team and tsm did n't have any of these as they have shown in week 2 . 
  when they play they seem unbeatable but that alone does n't make any team really good . 
  before jumping into conclusions i 'd say we should wait and see how good these teams are and how they compare to each other . 
   it was pretty well known that they have been wrecking people in scrims with zyra . 
  now that 's interesting . 
  seems like * some team * shared info and it became a public knowledge . 
  it 's like they do n't even try to hide it . 
  one thing to change ,, 
   perkz on the other hand , has a habit of running to social media to gloat , and every time , he is shut up in game . 
  his most notable comment is `` sweet , we got two wildcard teams in our group '' . 
  it was zven who made that comment . 
  i feel like rng is going to surprise us all and win the whole thing . 
  it 's like they were almost unbeatable in the last 2 worlds but this year some western teams actually have beaten some korean teams so we say that the gap is closing . 
  there is still a huge gap though which was your observation i guess . 
   i gave her a sneaky castro last night and now the place smells like a cuban whorehouse . 
  uhh ... 
  and i 'm not claiming that h2k is a really good team . 
  they managed to get past the groups but lol how it was much more easier than tsm 's groups without even seeing how the teams will rank up against each other ? 
  it just seemed like they performed when they have to and when they perform they seemed like unbeatable . 
  if they can manage to beat skt somehow they actually have a decent shot at winning . 
  beating skt on the other hand is a challenging task and skt is the favourite of that match-up but what if rng surprises us ? 
  they have the potential to do that , only thing they need is to perform . 
  defeats against spy and ssg were just they were getting outplayed . 
  spy and ssg did better and they won but that was a bo1 . 
  i 'm not saying rng would definitely beat them in a bo3 or bo5 but i feel like they would . 
  in the end it 's just a feeling of mine without any real proof . 
  you realize that na stands for north america and latin america is n't north america except mexico so unless you meant claiming a mexican team your comparison is meaningless . 
  edit : a better comparison would be if canada had their own region you could claim canadian teams as na because they would actually be a north american team . 
  thanks for telling me what to do . 
  as a clg.eu / eg/alliance/elements / echo fox fan ... you did n't experience the true hell . 
  i was a clg.eu fan then when they split up i chose froggen 's team to support and ever since i support his teams for some reason . 
  it 's just when you support a team and that team splits , changes name or disbands you got ta follow the team or whatever left from it i guess . 
   circle of cats - fire a global rocket that can be reactivated to spawn a donut of gas that turns people into cats if they walk through it . 
  i just realized that i need this . 
  if you place ssg 1st , you can also place rng higher since they were the only team that could truly challenge them in their group . 
  my power ranking would be :, 
  1 - skt, 
  4 - rng, 
  5 - h2k, 
  7 - anx/c9, 
  8 - c9/anx, 
  of course these all are based on group performances and there is no doubt that bo5s will be different . 
  i also feel like c9 are going to play better than they did in week 2 .
