  eu needs to end the process and turkey needs to get close to shangai five . 
  i feel like this can work for both parties since shangai five actually promotes dictatorial democracy just like erdogan . 
  well , this comment justifies the turkish minister 's comment . 
  i mean with everything aside , constantinople ? 
  really ? 
   but anyway , after being told that he is no longer in the plans at man utd , he could have left to go to another club where he would make slightly less money , but he wants to milk his contract and that is fine but that is not going to happen in the first team . 
  precisely . 
  i also think that schweinsteiger needed to leave in the first place to show his `` respect '' to the club . 
  it 's a new manager and new rules , if you 're part of them it 's good but if you 're not then you need move on . 
  or of course earn your money and do what is told . 
  i find it funny that after signing a 140k per week contract and doing below average the whole season he expected to be treated with respect . 
  it was called konstantiniyye and islambol in the official records in the ottomans era but the common folk called it either islambol or istanbul which derived from greek phrase meaning `` to the city '' . 
  before 1928 all 3 names were still in use because everyone had their own reasons but in 1928 the newly founded turkish republic made it clear that city to be called istanbul . 
  oh and since we own the city for like 600 years it is our right to decide the name for it . 
  but some people were still using it in the 60s-70s . 
  by the way , afaik the city 's first name was byzantium ( byzantium empire 's name derives from the city 's older name ) named by some colonists in the 600 bce . 
  after constantine of the eastern rome conquered the city he named it nova roma ( new rome in latin ) . 
  but byzantian citizens did n't like the name and they started to use constantinople . 
  to provide more insight , turks were n't against the use of constantinople before we fought against the greeks in the turkish independence war . 
  after the war people were angry against the greeks so we started to use the turkish names ( at least more turkish names like izmir instead of smyrna , iznik instead of nicaea ) instead of greek names for many places . 
  many districts of istanbul got renamed maybe the most famous of them is pera , now beyo\u011flu . 
   only one thing , constantine ruled both eastern and western rome after defeating the tetrarchy at milvian bridge . 
  he did n't conquer byzantium , it was already part of the roman empire for centuries . 
  he only rebuild it as constantinople with the intention of making it the capital of the empire , closer to the richest and safest provinces , and the rich cities of antioch and alexandria . 
  til . 
  my knowledge comes from the history lessons i took 7-8 years ago , seems like i got rusty . 
   i see . 
  thanks !, 
  is it the same with pergamon and bergama and antioch and antakya ? 
  are these names direct translations ? 
  antakya is in the use but the official name for that city is hatay . 
  but , yeah , you are correct , antakya derives from antioch . 
  another example i know of is silifke derives from selefkos . 
  and that guy who ate a dick . 
  that would be a huge nerf though . 
  to compensate that you either have to increase her hit points or give her more damage/longer freeze time and i do n't think that would be less frustrating then the current mei . 
  just increasing the ice block or ice wall duration is n't enough for that nerf . 
  that depends . 
  some of my friends prefer black sails over got . 
  well this is politics . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  as a pm or the president of the country you have to back up your soldiers before anything else . 
  or you can just send soldiers anywhere and say `` oh i did n't know anything about that must be gulen 's doing '' . 
   little sweet warning ? 
  that coup attempt was real as fuck bruh . 
  they died for it . 
  they died for it because they thought the coup would succeed . 
  probably they had limited information about the coup 's progress and they were promised with more back up but they did n't get anything . 
  i mean who would start a coup by blocking bridges and not invading the parliament/government buildings or capturing the president himself ? 
   its the communications between the officers over whatsapp, 
    whatsapp, 
  this is getting better and better . 
  `` hey chill out ! '', 
  is my favourite from her and my 2nd favourite voice line in the whole . 
  nothing can beat `` winky face '' right now . 
  because with roadhog you have to hit the hook in order to be effective in the game . 
  there is no other way because his scrap gun is a melee oriented weapon but you know what happens if a roadhog gets close enough to someone with his hook on cd . 
  that 's not the case with ana . 
  even if she misses the sleep dart she can still deal damage , heal people and provide utility . 
  ana does n't completely rely on the sleep dart but roadhog relies on the hook . 
  that 's why it 's fun . 
  they 're rebalancing her with buffing , it 's not that hard . 
  qol is something like adding the range indicator to the anivia ult . 
  it does n't add damage , add utility or remove them it just makes it easier to use for the player . 
  jinx got damage so it 's definitely not a qol change . 
  being able to kill those 100hp guys who would otherwise live by the increased damage is a buff , there is no other explanation . 
  kog ` maw is scripting obviously . 
  he had no ward in the bush yet he dodged the bard q like he saw it was coming and that 's what some scripts do . 
  add to this the fact that he said `` i had a ward in that bush '' which is a lie to cover up his scripting . 
  also when they made jayce gate an untargetable minion but some champs were able to kill it over and over again . 
  he is so cute . 
  and seems to be doing pretty well with his roster . 
  but you guys need a midfielder like atiba . 
  if you had lucas leiva today the normal time would n't be a draw i 'm pretty sure . 
  fuck him . 
  and his presence . 
  it 's almost unfair that you had muslera and we had tolga in the penalties . 
  and this time it was against muslera the undisputed king of the s\u00fcper lig goalkeepers . 
  i always thought japanese people migrated from the middle-asia as a proto-turkic/mongolic/japonic nation since their language structure is similar to turkish not chinese and we share many similar words like black = kuro ( japanese ) = kara ( turkish ) , water = misu ( japanese ) = su ( turkish ) . 
  i think i now have a question to ask to the historians of reddit now . 
  and does n't work with mobile . 
  or i 'm not able to make it work dunno . 
  toprak comes after these imo . 
  maybe there are more that i forgot to add . 
  edit : damn guys , this is not a really well thought list pls stop with `` yo remove stones '' , `` sokratis where '' , `` gg fifa ranks fm stats '' stuff . 
  same . 
  please get kjaer from fenerbah\u00e7e even if you get mustafi too . 
  kjaer is obviously much better than the s\u00fcper lig standards . 
  he did really good under bilic in the 14/15 season but not as good in the last season so he wanted to work under bilic again and of course playing in the epl is much better than playing in s\u00fcper lig . 
  be\u015fikta\u015f is under ffp rules so selling him would be a smart move to strengthen our squad but apparently west ham did n't offer our price so we sent him on loan for 3 million $ . 
  he is greek !, 
  jokes aside i 'm not sure if sokratis is better than toprak , i 'd rate him equal with toprak more or less . 
  s\u00fcper lig is easier for cbs to shine especially if they play for one of the big 3 because anatolian teams play defensively against them but still kjaer seems to be on another level . 
  he has been solid whole year and i 'm pretty sure he would be a great sub for arsenal if not a starter if he keeps the same level of play . 
  not top 10 but better than toprak . 
  more than 15 millions i believe . 
  considering what he can do and his age this price seems reasonable but he played in the epl before for chelsea and could n't shine there so i understand why west ham wanted to loan him first . 
  * bug fixes and performance improvements . 
  kick them out of nato amirite ? 
  fuck that referee .
