  `` i want to smoke what leviathan used before tweeting ` alliance is even with koreans if not better than them ' '', 
  no need for salt dude . 
  kog ult dealt damage so maw of malmortious activated . 
  but , what matter is that kog ult dealt damage to activate item passive . 
  so , kha was in combat . 
  i ca n't remember when maw of malmortious gets active but let 's say % 40 hp . 
  kha should have more than % 40 hp so his maw of malmortious stays passive . 
  kog ult deals damage and gets him to % 40 than item activates . 
  tried to explain , suck at english tho . 
  edit * `` v1 .0.0.120 : will now mark you in combat for receiving/dealing any damage , even if it is absorbed by shields . '', 
  maw of malmortious was n't active before kha gets hit , it got activated by the damage of kog ult . 
  so , kha got damage and was in combat . 
  `` v1 .0.0.120 : will now mark you in combat for receiving/dealing any damage , even if it is absorbed by shields . '', 
  so true . 
  i think it 's impossible to not catch any spoilers in reddit . 
  but , it 's worth to watch even though you know what 's going to happen . 
  a western team has beaten a korean top team with a perfect game for the first time if i 'm not wrong . 
  edit * damn , i did n't complain about the spoilers , stop advising me . 
  i just said it 's impossible to not catch any spoiler in / r/leagueoflegends since he is here . 
  so , it seems that ;, 
  * if a champion with homeguard gets hit just before he recalled to the base , homeguard works . 
  shield or magic shield does n't matter . 
  * if a champion with homeguard gets hit while moving to the base , homeguard does n't work . 
  shield or magic shield does n't matter . 
  seems like a bug to me . 
  a bug about recalling & combat mechanics . 
  i feel like unfortunately riot is afraid to remake this match , because of chinese community rage . 
  yeah ... and also there is a thread about korean reaction about that match like yesterday . 
  how can i remember this ... 
  take it easy guys . 
  riot wo n't react . 
  they ca n't face with the chinese community 's rage so they will stand silent . 
  he is xpeke . 
  kr mad eu salty, 
  kr mad eu jelly, 
  holy shit , i did n't expect that i would be sad this much after seeing alliance out . 
  gg wp c9 , i will support you now . 
  we will never know if it was an accident ... 
  it just worked in this great play . 
  most satifying :, 
  * animation : mafia graves ( damn crits baby ), 
  * sound : hired gun lucian , vi, 
  least satisyfing :, 
  * animation : karthus , blackfrost anivia , janna, 
  * sound : soraka , janna , zac, 
  i will root for only for c9 . 
  i want to support a western team but i do n't like tsm so that leaves only c9 to me . 
  big respect to fredy122 . 
  i ca n't imagine how did he play aatrox at scrims to make every team scared . 
  asides from this , i hope lee sin gets nerfed so hard . 
  i got so sick of lee , it 's been more than 1.5 year since he is fotm . 
  he is n't balanced , no one buys that anymore . 
  eu  kr confirmed on worlds stream !, 
  bota 's concept was fine but format was shitty . 
  i actually want a new bota with a better format , not `` korea vs. world '' or something . 
  it would only be mini-worlds but i 'm actually against this because worlds should be special . 
  only the best teams should advance and they should n't get any 2nd chance like mini-worlds . 
  that 's how it works . 
  i 'm sorry for alliance screwed up i want them to face it like all of us do , not a consolation . 
  that 's some montecristo level korean dick sucking . 
  there is no doubt that korean teams are better but , you know , everything is possible . 
  and korean teams hiding their strength ? 
  lol, 
  i 'm not sure if picking/banning meta champs counts as trolling but whatever . 
  that nick though ... oh , it hurts . 
   sion : free hp , but nerfed his bases and scaling . 
  on an average game , he 'll have roughly the same hp as his peers . 
  what 's the point ? 
  old sion had huge scaling and free hp . 
  why ca n't new sion ? 
  because , it 's rework . 
  they are n't the same champion anymore so there is no point in comparing them . 
   azir : free as , but low base and scaling . 
  why ? 
  you are pretty much going to commit to cdr anyways , so forcing him to actually buy cdr is moot . 
  it only serves to tunnel his build path . 
  because , azir is an unique champion . 
  you need to build what he exactly needs . 
  you do n't have to build full cdr or go for athene 's - rabadon 's build but build what you need at that game . 
   cassiopeia : free ap , but at the cost of laughably low ap ratings . 
  what 's the point of raising the ap when you lower the ratings ? 
  it only tunnels you into either ap builds to use the passive , or non ap builds ( rylai 's , lyandris ) which waste the passive completely . 
  because , her passive gives her way too much scaling for an ap champion , it 's pretty crazy . 
  i think she is pretty weak right now but with a few little buffs she will be in a decent place . 
  same applies to thresh too . 
  his passive gives him free armor but his base armor is really low and he does n't have armor per level . 
  but , he becomes really tanky thanks to his passive . 
  nasus ' q does n't deal much damage , you need to stack it . 
  veigar q is the same . 
  there are some unique champions and instead of bitching , you need to embrace what makes unique them . 
  their base stats are nerfed because they need to be played according to their design . 
  every champion is a different one . 
  saying `` thresh should have a armor/lvl like other heroes . '', 
  is like `` elise should have her a targeted stun because taric can . '', 
  they are n't the same , they wo n't be the same . 
  thresh is designed this way so asking for something else is absurd unless it becomes too op or outdated . 
  if sion becomes weak like cassio or azir , riot buffs him . 
  that 's just it . 
  thresh was op so he got nerfed . 
  cassio and azir 's ap scaling and base damages are n't good right now , so they will get buffed .
