  still i have to practice positioning but since i play adc if i have to , i do n't practice at all . 
  * and use the fucking zhonya 's god dammit . 
  diana with nashor 's tooth - greaves - zhonya - abyssal - randuin 's and banshee 's . 
  i use armor/ap/as runes and 21-0-9 masteries . 
  i usually go mid but sometimes i go top too . 
  i usually do this against ad assassin mids like talon , zed , yasuo since diana is so strong against them in lane . 
  just do n't try this against a heavy ap comp since you will be forced to build abyssal to stay alive and this delays the very core of this build , zhonya 's hourglass . 
  i tried running mr/ap/as runes but it 's not enough at all . 
  you basically can duel almost anyone after buying nashor 's and you will become a fucking unkillable damage machine who sticks to her target with her q-r-e in late game . 
  but the most important thing is using lunar goddess skin . 
  wait , what ? 
  holy shit man !, 
  i think since jinx is n't a highly intense outplay champion like other montage champs , this is the best montage we will ever see . 
  being from turkey and watching this is so confusing . 
  [ steins ; gate - believe me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ryi2eg3duq ), 
  [ anohana - secret base ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we6jzp2fliu ), 
  secret base itself is n't really giving me feels but it also reminds me of the anime so ... :'(, 
  page 10 . 
  holy shit . 
  ost of the most heart breaking endings . 
  shinsekai yori . 
  there was a similar warcraft 3 map named aos , it was fun to play thanks to the idea but it did n't get really popular because it was actually poorly made . 
  edit : this is one of the many variants . 
  we have been lied !, 
  there was xj9 then weeaboowarrior then vvvortic came up . 
  but why only vvvortic does have copy accounts ? 
  well , i 'm not an expert about them but my question was why only vvvortic has copies ? 
  xj9 was more famous at some point . 
  i had a few holes even before the ending ... [ spoiler ] ( / s `` maria and other :( '' ), 
  [ must not correct ... ] ( http://b.imdoc.fr/1/humour/internet/photo/1028005102/19955789754/internet-must-not-correct-img.png ), 
  we still have adobe air client with a prettier design . 
  they did n't release the new client yet . 
  ryu is the unluckiest pro player in lol scene . 
  even when he was performing as one of the best , he could n't shine because of other star mid laners like dade , faker , ambition . 
  and then that infamous zed outplay happened , kt bullets started to suck ass etc. 
  he was a good player , he still is a good mid laner but there really is some bad luck about him . 
  oh i did n't know that . 
  when azir uses ult on enemy turrets , he disables them for the rest of the game . 
  they were kinda loaned to riot by esl . 
  they actually were contracted to esl . 
  infinite stratoss . 
  without a doubt . 
  mindless harem with a stupid plot and mentally retarded characters . 
  and ursa and skeleton king . 
  yeah , they were cute . 
  and this is the only good thing about that series . 
  dat ass . 
  do n't tell us what to do !, 
  here , have an upvote !, 
  my first anime was freezing . 
  `` ca n't you read the title shitters ? '', 
  wow that 's some good commentary . 
  edit : i do n't understand a shit but they managed to hype me . 
  time to start following cs : go scene . 
  inb4 thread deleted, 
  jibril from no game no life and issei from highschool dxd . 
  or maybe they should meet ... 
  awesome scene lol . 
  seems like a good series , added to my list . 
  this . 
  whining like a bitch is n't really like qtpie . 
  earlier changes were like nerfs to ap seju and buffs to her early jungle clears . 
  enchantment : warrior, 
  * now grants `` unique passive - weapon specialist : +10 % physical damage to champions '', 
  * no longer grants 10 armor penetration . 
  welcome back lee and kha ` zix and vi and whatever physical damage dealer you are !, 
  no one missed you !, 
  item is pretty balanced when compared with other item upgrades . 
  ww 's retarded sustain and on-hit ultimate is making it broken . 
  otherwise , devourer is perfectly fine with nocturne , xin zhao , yi etc. 
  right now . 
  yes pls . 
  orianna 's skins are n't really something special , so i really hope this skin to be good . 
  seems like no one is missing galio . 
  good . 
  kassadin is always strong . 
  some skins are banned . 
  for example , steel legion lux because light effects are pretty different from the original . 
  and urfrider corki because that skin 's ultimate projectiles are thinner . 
  that support ap ashe though . 
  i know , i know ... 
  but , damn it 's good to see cj winning . 
  if you mean that one lee is running away from rammus and his team , he was link before he joined clg . 
  he was known for being a solo q god . 
  here you go : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tfs5p7shno, 
  indeed , that skin got banned later . 
  that ending was unexpected for me . 
  god bless . 
  i do n't get this much downvote when you actually said a right thing . 
  `` many champions do n't have those . '', 
  hey , we call them unmobile champs . 
  and they actually exist . 
  katarina , kha ` zix , akali and ... tristana ? 
  that 's a lot dude . 
  actually every champ can press r. . . 
  that 's not reset at all . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  beatiful . 
  except being fizz ... 
  yep , that 's better wording .
