  i did n't watch any eng dubbed anime series , are they always like this ? 
  i mean , should they dub opening as well ? 
  bronze 4 yasuo main and i approve this . 
  i guess right now dade is better than faker on some champs which he was n't , but overall i still prefer faker because of his huge champion pool and overall skill . 
  yasuo vs zed was completely faker 's fault because he should 've watched yasuo 's passive shield . 
  also dade played really well with baiting faker in and coming back after a lost lvl 1 . 
  riven vs ryze on the other hand , is n't really fair . 
  faker had to go all-in when he got a tiny chance and he did go all-in but he lost with 20-30hp . 
  i would say faker played this one better . 
  he baited dade 's ignite-heal really good , that was an amazing move in my eyes . 
  i think faker is n't the `` only '' best anymore , but if i were going to choose between dade and faker , i would still choose faker . 
  and yeah i follow ogn scene , pls no circlejerkerino, 
  edit : my grammar sucks , fixed a few things . 
  i mean , that was n't really professional . 
  but if it 's a fan-made dub , it was quite good actually . 
  and he replied to a comment which states `` pink ward nerfs made stealth champs op , their nerfing process is a result of the vision system change . '', 
  with a comment consists `` they are ` currently ' balanced . '', 
  so , yeah , he actually agreed with first comment . 
  they were n't balanced in the beginning of s4 but they got nerfed multiple times and now they 're more balanced than what they used to be . 
  you are so right . 
  i was about to quit lol a few times because of this `` riot thing '' , but then i could n't find anything to play besides lol . 
  i do n't like dota 2 . 
  actually i was a dota player for like 6-7 years , but when icefrog slowed down patching dota before dota 2 came out , i quit dota . 
  do you remember that time when there was only 2 patches in a year ? 
  lol was a completely new game , i adapted quickly because of my moba experience and since then im playing it . 
  problem is , i ca n't play dota anymore as i used to play and actually i do n't like it anymore too . 
  edit : uh , im just a lol player who is wandering in dota 2 reddit as you can see . 
  great model , look beatiful . 
  2/10 - ign, 
  riot should have still had the same stance since that situation basically forces everyone to use curse voice to see jungle timers while game itself does n't provide them . 
  split screen dominion : 2 fast 2 fun, 
  `` can go to '' and `` will go to '' are different things . 
  i do n't think tsm will make it to worlds . 
  i 'm actually happy . 
  i hope they understand somethings from today and fix their issues , however they would be hard . 
  look at samsung blue and naijin white shield . 
  they were 2 weak teams like 6 months ago and now they 're two of the strongest teams of korea and world . 
  cj teams can make this too i believe . 
  but ... 
  i had hope in them with their starting of last season ... 
  i do n't understand why i still support 2 teams who did n't win a single shit for like 1.5 years , but keep supporting them . 
  they really need to fix the issues . 
  it 's not like impossible , look at samsung blue . 
  this dude is right . 
  edit : actually , amazing 's death stat is pretty amazing considering his volifeeder game . 
  but again this stat really is n't relevant for a jungler i think . 
  i 'm not really able to follow the japanese scene , but is japanese voice pack out ? 
  i really want to give it a try . 
  turkey server is n't unnecessary man . 
  what if that server did n't exist and all of toxic/cancer/whatever turkish kids play on euw ? 
  you would n't want to imagine that . 
  source : i play on turkish server . 
  ca n't wait to try alistar at jungle !, 
  actually i 'm hyped about alistar changes , wan na play him so badly . 
  orianna does have weaknesses . 
  her mid game is weak . 
  unless you buy deathcap at 20-25mins , you wo n't be hitting hard unless you get a few good ultimates at teamfights . 
  but , is n't this the case with almost every champion ? 
  play katarina , be underfarmed and underleveled but at 25mins mark get a triple kill . 
  you will carry the game . 
  her damage is n't really high or something . 
  she ca n't oneshot people even in late game like lux , syndra , brand , anivia , malzahar unless she is really fed . 
  but , her late game is really good because of her utility and shockwave . 
  that skill alone can make orianna viable as support even if her damage nerfed to the ground . 
  her laning is good , but not the best . 
  she is open to ganks if she pushes a little bit . 
  and while trying to harass your opponent with q-w combo it 's not easy not to push . 
  and that 's where player 's laning skills come in . 
  she does have counters . 
  syndra , lux , xerath , ziggs , any champion who outranges her and can punish her for a mistake like getting stunned . 
  also , non-meta mid laners like pantheon and morgana can beat her quite easily . 
  i played a shit ton of orianna games in s4 and can say clearly she is n't op . 
  i picked pre-nerf kayle into everyone and carried most of them , because she was op . 
  same as pre-nerf lulu , soraka , gragas . 
  i do n't play orianna anymore because there are easier champs who can carry the late game like orianna . 
  i play karthus nowadays , unless you go 0-5 at lane phase you will carry the game after 30mins mark . 
  and it does n't even require a skillfloor like orianna . 
  is karthus op ? 
  what does make a champion op ? 
  being versatile makes a champion op ? 
  why was lucian op and caitlyn was n't ? 
  whatever , after all this is reddit , where some d1/challenger guy says becomes the truth instantly . 
  dat aviator irelia splash tho . 
  sorry to say but shitty list . 
  froggen should be higher than # 10 . 
  arrow , xiyang should n't even be on this list . 
  wickd 's irelia , shy 's jax/shen , oddone 's maokai , hsgg 's nidalee , toyz 's orianna are the first ones which comes my mind , heck they are n't even in the list . 
  also , madlife 's iconic champs is alistar , not thresh . 
  he made many flashy plays with thresh , but he is the one who re-defined how to play alistar support . 
  that 's what i would call `` iconic champ '' like insec 's lee sin . 
  angel beats !, 
  trivia : it 's froggen 's favourite anime series . 
  so much feel . 
  lilly route , best route . 
  which means hitboxes are broken . 
  watching this in 1080p with this shitty internet was the best decision i 've ever made . 
  fucking worth it . 
  we knew it !, 
  we fucking knew it !, 
  let 's say i 'm reginald .
