  but they are n't / were n't as organized as korean players and what keeps them organized is the * good infrastructure . 
  it 's fucking cold here in istanbul dude ... or maybe that 's because i used live at antalya so it feels like colder than it is to me . 
  i did n't say there is no reason for a infrastructure ... 
  i said a * good infrastructure * is what keeps them organized and being organized means training efficiently . 
  that 's something western pros were n't used to do since western teams were way more unprofessional in this matter . 
  in the end * good infrastructure * was the thing what made that big difference . 
  is this a pun on `` citizen '' word like `` shitizen '' or ? 
  just wondered since i do n't get it . 
  that q-flash-r with sejuani was definitely something to admire . 
  thanks . 
   this girl , whom i will call michelle, 
  never calls michelle . 
  also you are an ass . 
  brazil , turkey and ocenia it seems . 
  [ be\u015e\u0130kta\u015e ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtlxpmyh13g ), 
  it 's a new devoloping scene and they have a completely different meta . 
  people were playing darius top in turkish championship league 2 years ago . 
  darius was good at the end of season 2 , but he never became a fotm pick for competitive play . 
  yet he was a contested pick in s3 spring in turkish championship league . 
  referee 's and techical squad are n't from turkey though . 
  even when they changed 3 picks they could n't make it any better . 
  i was expecting more from them ... 
  they practiced since they arrived here . 
  source : turkish commentators . 
  they were admiring their passion . 
  not flashy but solid play by bjk . 
  hope they can continue in this tempo !, 
  nardeus is also pretty solid but i have to agree that thaldrin is the star of bjk . 
  yeah , whenever he 's in doubt he goes with rumble and usually do well . 
  that was an intense match . 
  for a moment i thought besiktas is going to lose when spookz stole the baron . 
  but then the skirmishes happened ... \\ #kebabstronk, 
  i remember it was n't about that champ select but something else ... not sure what it was though . 
  commentators just mentioned it and moved to another subject in turkish stream . 
  weird since it 's not like scrimming with good teams makes you instantly better . 
  we all know what happened to clg . 
  i really should n't have read this ... 
  i was n't afraid of spiders but i 'm not sure about this anymore . 
  they trained though . 
  they started to train asap after they arrived here . 
  but i 'm not sure how these train would work out since they should be so tired right now . 
  source : turkish commentators . 
  they were admiring intz 's passion and hardworking . 
  0:56 cut the tape !, 
  quick !, 
  that salty enemy team though . 
  jesus christ guys ... 
  reddit is a wonderful place . 
  whip it out, 
  how the fuck did you guys do this ? 
  i grew up with people who thinks new york is the capital of united states . 
  that 's not really bad since ny is more heard about than washington d.c. but when another girl tries to make them correct and says `` hey new york is the capital of england '', 
  every country has those types i think . 
  they were always good but dp was always better . 
  this year was the same except this time bjk was better than both . 
  i do n't recall that hwa being the best though . 
  it 's besiktas ( be\u015fikta\u015f ) dude . 
  and it 's not a celebration . 
  we mostly pray for the fallen anzac soldiers here in turkey . 
  original turkish text . 
  this is like internet cencoring in some countries ... 
  so dissappointed in the moderation . 
  not a few but a few thousands . 
  you are sounding like turks made all of armenians criminal just because of a few people joined to russian . 
  i think i need to explain the turkish view of point here . 
  first of all , at that time many other nations founded their other country after they rebeled against ottoman empire . 
  greece , bulgaria , romania , macedonia are the examples for this . 
  the main reasons of this were the nationalism trend/movement with the french revolution and to reduce the strategical power of ottoman empire . 
  as you know ottoman empire was really weak at that time and different countries at different times tried to take advantage of this situation with invading some ottoman states like french invading of egypt , russian invading of balkans , italian invading of tripoli ( older name of libya ) . 
  armenians were living at anatolia . 
  armenian population in bigger cities like izmir and istanbul were high but their main population was living at eastern anatolia . 
  since ottoman empire was a multinational country this is pretty natural . 
  in ww1 , most of the armenians who live at eastern anatolia sided with russia because russia gave them weapons to found their own country . 
  i 'm not sure how other armenians ( people who live at western anatolia ) reacted to this since after the foundation of turkey republic there were still many armenians here . 
  many conflicts happened between turkish villages and armenian villages in eastern anatolia . 
  and mostly because turkish males were attending to the ww1 , armenians were stronger than turkish people with their weapons from russia . 
  at that point ottoman empire decided to move all of the armenian population who lives in there to syria because they were n't able to fight them since they were fighting with bigger countries and since armenians wanted to found their own country in eastern anatolia , moving them to syria means that this action would be supressed/delayed . 
  many civil armenians died while moving to syria mostly because of starvation and diseases . 
  i ca n't recall the numbers but i believe it was around 500k to 1m . 
  after this , armenian population was spread in syria and eastern anatolia . 
  they fighted against turkish army in turkish indepedence war at southern anatolia . 
  they were getting weapons from france to found a country in cilicia ( older name of a part of southern anatolia ) . 
  turkish civils started to fight against them after a few incidents and eventually they won without the help of turkish army . 
  today 3 cities in turkey known as kahraman ( hero ) mara\u015f , gazi ( war veteran ) antep , \u015eanl\u0131 ( renowned/glorius ) urfa while their names were mara\u015f , antep , urfa in that time . 
  after the foundation of turkey republic , there were many armenians who lives in turkey . 
  there are many beloved turkish/armenian actors/actresses , singers , writers and many other here . 
  while there are some nationalist people who hates armenians here , most of us do n't hate armenians . 
  instead we do n't like armenian government , i believe the same applies of most of the armenian people . 
  it 's possible to think that population movement was a genocide . 
  there are some documents claiming armenian people were getting protected while traveling but these documents are ottoman documents so i 'm not sure that these documents are n't biased . 
  there are some turks who thinks it was an intended genocide while there are some armenians who thinks it was n't a genocide . 
  i do n't think it was a genocide . 
  we killed many armenians while they killed many turks . 
  the thing to consider here is while we made monumental graveyards for anzac soldiers who fought at gallipoli even if they were our enemy , we ca n't simply be genocided a friendly/neighbouring nation . 
  sorry for my bad grammar , just wanted to express my feeling/thoughts about this matter . 
  edit : forgot to say that i do n't think armenians wanting to found their own country is a bad thing . 
  i believe every nation should have right to do this . 
  edit2 : my question in this matter would be , while ottoman empire was fighting at most of their borders ( and they were n't able to defend their own country ) , how are they able to kill 1.5 million armenians while there are many armed armenians amongst them ? 
  edit3 : if you do n't agree me , instead of simply clicking on the downvote button please tell me what i do n't know or how can i improve my view of point in this matter . 
  my mother is a history teacher here and she gave some conferences about armenian genocide , my knowledge mostly comes from her instead of goverment 's history books .
