  good times ... 
  i actually have completely forgotten about it until you made me remember . 
  was that the game when reginald played teemo mid ? 
  you know , when i read the title i could n't remember bengi so i thought it was kkoma you were talking about . 
  the way you describe samsung players almost sound like they 're the miracle generation ( kuroko no basket ) of the league . 
  i think fnatic did well with p/b, 
  qu1ckshot with the mk references . 
  god dammit that soaz face is just too awesome for me . 
  froggen setting up the meta of worlds he wo n't play in . 
  hai is the best shotcaller west . 
  that baroncall is simply genius . 
  that seemed so asian for some reason . 
  221k at the moment . 
  tagged . 
  holy shit that retarded fiora damage to leblanc, 
  practice ? 
  tied with febiven on azir and marin of fiora imo . 
  you wan na talk about this with alliance ? 
  that was a really nice game until edg 4-man dived bottom . 
  be\u015fikta\u015f fans do n't usually like their coaches but we fucking loved bilic . 
  he has an awesome personality , sometimes he makes mistakes but you always know that he is the man you want to see behind the team . 
  fw looking so much better than ahq so far . 
  not sure if clg is worse than rumored or flash wolves is really as good as rumors say . 
  not sure about that . 
  flash wolves ' late game seems as strong as theirs if not better . 
  yeah there is that . 
  but i think if maple is as good as rumored he will be a big trouble for clg in the late game . 
  fw is playing really smart . 
  baiting lulu ult then engaging on doublelift . 
  they gave 1 kill but they got 2 kills in return . 
  actually their teamfighting was n't really good . 
  but they always had the advantage since their early game was probably the best in the west . 
  same . 
  i think i 'm cursed . 
  cheers from turkey !, 
  at first his speeches like `` fenerbah\u00e7e / galatasaray seems stronger but we just got ta do our best '' got some hate because you ca n't just say things like that here . 
  i mean they 're our rivals . 
  respecting them is okay but saying `` they seem stronger than us . '', 
  is a big no-no . 
  but in time people realized he was talking only what he has been thinking so he was just being honest which is a rare thing in this industry . 
  there is a term called `` be\u015fikta\u015fl\u0131 duru\u015fu ( be\u015fikta\u015f supporter stance ) '' in turkey which means a neutral and honorable stance ( deprived from be\u015fikta\u015f 's neutral and somewhat more close to earth people stance compared to galatasaray or fenerbah\u00e7e ) . 
  bilic was the guy who executed this term only with his personality . 
  he naturally gained support of nearly all of be\u015fikta\u015f fans . 
  of course he got some hate because we never won a derby with him and got eliminated to club brugge last year mainly because of some mistakes he made but it was nothing compared to what other coaches like carvalhal or tigana had to face . 
  i hate you . 
  and what 's wrong with being in competitive play ? 
  a normal solo q player wo n't be able to cancel animations like boxbox so overall this is still a nerf . 
  even so her passive 's on-hit part got nerfed from a scaling % 20-50 to % 20 flat without 3 stacking part . 
  edge mechanic may be enough to make up for this since it apparently increases the damage from his abilities but that 's still not a buff . 
  actually i 'd still consider this as a nerf because she needs to aa 5 times to get full edge bonus and 5 aa is a lot for a squishy melee champion . 
  she wo n't be op . 
  mark my words . 
  [ ] ( #face - eww ), 
  what ? 
  this game lol, 
  i mean you 'd guess tsm learned a few things from their msi performance . 
  damn bjerg is fed . 
  if he can make up the fact that santorin-dyrus fail tsm may win . 
  i mean both teams played according to the expectations . 
  but even so i was expecting tsm to play better early . 
  yeah , it was such a soaz move . 
  im about to fucking scream in public holy shit, 
  im about to fucking scream in public holy shit, 
  xpeke soaz pls have my babies, 
  i mean do n't you see that og and fnc are the only rivals of skt since they both thrashed their chinese enemies ? 
  i 'm happy they won . 
  but if you think they 're better than every team except skt and maybe edg based on only 2 days results or if you think lgd and ig got overhyped and they actually suck , you are being delusional . 
  upsets happen . 
  basicly see what happened to alliance after they perfect gamed njws . 
  exactly . 
  now that the western teams showed some resilience i think rest of group stage will be even harder for us . 
  now spam them everywhere [ ] ( #face - yeah ), 
  [ ] ( #face - support ), 
   by far the best caster, 
  not really . 
  but there is no denying that he is the best colour caster . 
  all of his analyses were on point , some of them were really enlightening for me . 
  this is something no other caster managed to accomplish imo . 
  marin and his renekton carried this game . 
  and the fact that they failed the lane swap and left amazingj with a pushing wave . 
  i actually feel sorry for that guy for the backlash he will suffer from chinese fans . 
  what other colour caster have n't *, 
  my bad , i worded that badly . 
  it 's one of the oldest lol related twitch memes . 
  lmao, 
  that is if tsm does n't beat lgd . 
  what concerns me as a og supported is that tsm actually looked better than lgd against kt . 
  i think region wise standings are totally wrong at the moment . 
  fnc and og looked better than cn but h2k actually looked pretty bad . 
  clg is looking solid but tsm looked so shaky and c9 did n't have a real test yet . 
  same applies to cn , edg looks solid but other chinese teams looked lackluster . 
  skt is on another level , kt looks better than chinese teams but it 's not sure if they 're the 2nd best team in this tournament . 
  koo on the other hand looked just bad . 
  e u v s n a b o y z, 
  i just hope that og does n't lose . 
  i ca n't even imagine the post-match thread . 
  doa is the best lol, 
  why not both ? 
  yeah , a year after he left and clg is the best team from na . 
  shaping up the roster is also one of coach duties .
