  you need to play around his passive . 
  it 's the same with renekton , if you do n't care about his rage bar he just hits you for 1/2 of your hp in a single rotation . 
  also rune prison only roots you so you can still use skills . 
  if you play something like cassiopeia , rumble , annie , morgana you can trade back easily . 
  or you can just play renekton and abuse his weak squishy no sustain early game . 
  well twitch was like tabzz 's signature champion so we can make him an exception . 
  i mean every champ has some strong part . 
  i recommend you to not cry about them but try to find a solution like rest of us do . 
  you need to adapt your playstyle against some champions , you ca n't just all-in and kill all of them . 
  ryze kites good , so do n't get kited . 
  just trade and back off . 
  another example of a good kiter is lissandra , you really would n't want to trade too long with her . 
  i do n't think they will . 
  they would change to a strong european team however since 1/4 of fnatic flairs at the moment were alliance back then . 
  ryze 's weaknesses :, 
  - no sustain in lane, 
  - squishy early game, 
  - mana problems before tears/catalyst, 
  - his main spell is a single target skillshot , so you can dodge it or just hide behind minions, 
  - his early damage is low except his passive uptime, 
  - his low range, 
  - his low mobility especially when he starts to machine gun you he just stands in a place, 
  - he ca n't push before 6 so you decide where the minions will fight which means he is open to ganks, 
  with strong early game bullies like renekton , cho ` gath , yasuo , wukong , annie , malzahar , pantheon or with higher range champs like lissandra , cassiopeia , azir , ahri , orianna you can shit on him . 
  you can out-trade him and since he does n't have any sustain except potions you can pressure him . 
  or if you coordinate with your jungler you can make laning phase a hell for him . 
  he on the other hand can shit on other champs with weak early game like jax , irelia , vlad since ryze scales faster in the first 9 levels . 
  i mean i never had problems with ryze , partly because i do n't like playing champs with weak early game . 
  edit : i forgot rumble . 
  you can run early mr with rumble without messing with core build and use harpoons and flamespitter whenever he roots you to trade back . 
  your lvl6 is also much stronger than his so you can always have a kill pressure in lane after 6 . 
  that was actually pretty smart . 
  my 5th or so game : managed to kill baron 1v1 with warwick and i was like `` what ? 
  i fuckin killed the biggest monster on this map and it only gives 300g ? 
  where is the aegis ? '', 
  then i discovered it 's buff but even so i was so frustrated without aegis . 
  and then we lost the game because as a former dota player i was trying to farm all the time . 
  i mean i was so fascinated by the fact that his ult procs on-hit effects 5 times i proceeded to build wit 's end - madred 's bloodrazor ( rip ) - malady ( rip ) and stuff like that . 
  then when we tried to def they just blowed me up . 
  in my first game i played twisted fate because he seemed cool with all that card stuff and i did n't know what ap was so i built what our ashe built , manamune - phantom dancer - madred 's bloodrazor etc iirc his ult was global back then , good times . 
  how did that annie died 20 times with that heavy heavy tank build ? 
  miss fortune . 
  sometimes when i 'm going to pick a marksman i just see her and `` oh i forgot that i own her ... '', 
  it does n't seem possible to me with their adc banned and ahq-fw performing really good . 
  it 's obvious dude . 
  people are just salty and like to downvote . 
  richardium lewiosa dude . 
  my last time was with cdr lucian before they removed slow cleanse from his e. 
  adc is the role like mid laner . 
  marksman is the champion type like fighter or tank . 
  well if he is the best mid laner in eulcs , this means he is the best in the west . 
  and it 's the same situation for every team in worlds . 
  last week however og and h2k were able to prepare for fnatic mostly since they could just use their usual strategy for the other team . 
  this article gave me the feeling of fnatic winning all of their games with luck factor . 
  then i remembered how they played which means this article is completely biased and probably bullshit . 
  prince ! = queen, 
  so why would edward get mad ? 
  shame on you op !, 
  so that 's how an in-depth bug testing looks like ... 
  huni is a bad example . 
  skt got him for tryouts after impact left the team and huni passed the tryouts only to leave skt for fnatic . 
  iirc huni said it would be like faker-easyhoon thing between him and marin . 
  is n't that the guy most of challenger players in euw changed their nicknames to mock him ? 
  scarf brotherhood . 
  well they got h0r0 and airwaks as subs so i believe they have a plan b. 
  faker is also better than easyhoon but sometimes easyhoon gets playtime . 
  huni refused offline tryouts because after he passes online tryouts fnatic contacted him . 
  these are also his words . 
  iirc he talked about this matter before their skt matches at msi . 
  yes , that 's what i mean . 
  overall faker is obviously better but easyhoon has his own things going for him . 
   huni is n't better than marin in any aspect , and not as good as marin on at least one single thing . 
  i smell skt butthurt fanboy . 
  it 's not about davutoglu . 
  erdogan was n't any different either after he got such power via elections . 
  most of erdogan/akp voters are the uneducated people . 
  they do n't use internet , they do n't know any 2nd language , they only watch akp supported tv channels so they actually believe what erdogan says . 
  besides the uneducated people there are also corrupted people who gets something from akp and votes for them in return . 
  it 's completely fucked up . 
  11.99 $ mate . 
  if i dc and lose my lane , sometimes i do n't reconnect even if my internet goes normal because euw plat players are scary . 
  saying `` u mad bro '' to an all chat whiner is my biggest pleasure . 
  and usually my teammates also join me after that all chat whiner gets mad and more mad . 
  seriously though what the fuck was this game ? 
  it was n't a random nerf . 
  people started to r-e-botrk-r to burst ad carries for their 3/4hp ( if zed was fed he was even able to kill him only with this combo , his damage in late game is retarded ) in late game teamfights without any risk so riot decided to put 1sec cd to his ult . 
  this is a nerf to his late game , not to his early so reducing it as 1-0 .5 -0 also wo n't happen . 
  his damage in late game ! = his usefullness, 
  read again . 
  * century, 
  i just lost my fantasy lcs match-up with 4 points because adrian did n't play this game ... oh well . 
  i do n't follow br scene , did revolta leave intz for keyd stars ? 
  turkish casters mentioned his name a lot as the best br jungler , not sure if it 's true though . 
  joe `` do n't call me joe `` joe miller '' miller '' miller, 
  oh god i missed this . 
  our flair speaks for itself . 
  `` overpowered '' means a champion is seriously stronger than every other champion in that game . 
  it 's not some kind of a `` strong '' adjective . 
  this op situation can be caused by many reasons , overtuned skills , lack of counterplay , core items being too strong etc. 
  some examples would be s3 kassadin , s3-s4 lee sin , cinderhulk sejuani , devourer warwick , lucian bolt .
