  i 'm switching to koo flair from my beloved elements till the end of finals . 
  i feel like south korea and japan are slowly catching up in football . 
  oldest japanese/south korean football clubs are only 20-25 years old while some of european clubs are 130 + years old but japanese/south korean players started to play for the biggest clubs in europe such as manchester united , dortmund , inter . 
  seems like a turkish angora to me . 
  you are my 2nd favourite caster ( deficio too good , sorry ) . 
  just do n't mind the haters and keep up the great work . 
  much love . 
  yeah , it 's a natural breed but nearly 1 of 2 angora has deafness in at least one ear . 
   but why is the mana gone ? 
  i love you / u/riotscarizard, 
  that 's why it does n't make sense . 
  what the fuck, 
  what the fuck, 
  this is solo queue , you know . 
  forg1ven could play ad ahri and would wreck people with it in dia1-master mmr and that would n't mean anything about his adapting ability . 
  greek alphabet looks so nice ... 
  outlaw torn , bleeding me and call of ktulu performances managed to make their studio versions look almost bad . 
  that 's called rekkles-style of playing lol aka being a pussy . 
  can confirm , am atheist and registered as muslim in turkey because i 'm too lazy to change it . 
  you got it pretty much right . 
  you forgot the parts where most of anti-erdogan people in turkey are against him not because of his islamic statements since there were many like him before but because his non-democratic actions . 
  currently in turkey most of the media is in control of erdogan so whatever he says they immediately follow him however that statement may be ridicilous . 
  other thing is turkish people love strong and aggressive personalities so erdogan is like the savior they waited for them . 
  easiest way to describe how erdogan acts : pick a random redneck and change everything about the united states to ottoman empire . 
  other than that he is actually a smart politician as he controls half of the turkish population like it 's nothing . 
  turkey is part of european , asian , mediterranean , black sea , aegean and middle-eastern . 
  come back deman . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  yeah it 's easy for 2 champions out of 127 so it 's actually not hard . 
  same . 
  she was pure torture to play against in the lane . 
  are you serious ? 
  i saw different variations more than the original * the gay guy from shushei 's ama * comment . 
  maybe it 's because people downvote the original one , i do n't know . 
  pkk is the acronym of kurdish workers ' party in kurdish so yeah they 're socialist . 
  turkey also assasinated jfk , did horrible human experiments in china and murdered thousands of jews . 
  nonono , you 're so wrong . 
  turkey supports al-qaeda , pkk , isis and eta , they also occupied half of ukraine because why not . 
  nevermind . 
  i believe the real hypocrisy here is the fact that the west ignored isis till they attacked paris . 
  western countries supported pkk for years and made them a real threat to turkey but when turkey supported isis to make them fight kurdish rebels they 're guilty . 
  saudi arabia supported every islamic terrorist organization that 's hostile to shia 's including al-qaeda but the united states attacked to afghanistan because they were n't an ally of them . 
  now this is hypocrisy . 
  edit : but these are all not even important . 
  because no one will talk about these and media wo n't even cover facts like these . 
  instead they will present isis as the enemy of the western world and turkey as the creator of the isis to destroy europe . 
  they even managed to make turkey the wrong side on the cyprus situation while they had the right to defend turkish cypriot 's rights which is stated in london and zurich agreements dated 1959 . 
  but when turkey actually tried to literally defend turks on the island , they became the villains . 
  whatever man , it does n't even matter who does what anymore since the stronger side is always the more righteous one . 
  i want to believe that you are n't serious . 
  the west does n't want to involve to middle-east yet isis has all that warfare ? 
  who they got them from ? 
  turkey ? 
  a country which has a military that is even weaker than that `` minor '' military like france ? 
  cmon now . 
  a few billion dollars , some missiles etc. 
  are n't even something to laugh at when considering they 're an illegal organization so no law bounds them . 
  which means they can do whatever they want including war crimes . 
  also relevant , who do you think pkk , a kurdish terrorist organization formed in 80s and recognized by un , nato and many western countries except the likes of france and the united states , gets their weapons from ? 
  why do you think france did n't return any known pkk member to turkey until now while they 're a member state of un and nato ? 
  i 'll tell you why : no one even cares about pkk but they also killed ( surprise ! ), 
  thousands of turkish with the weapons they got from russia and some western countries but since they were also hostile against iraq and iran * that * western countries continued to support them . 
  it 's just so disgusting to see that no one , i mean no westerner gives a flying fuck about terrorism until it hits them yet they talk about `` hypocrisy '' . 
  seems like the west were n't pleased with the increasing power of russia and their recent heroic acts so they 're sending them a warning via turkey . 
  i do n't like this . 
   it 's simply not a large concern as it happens so rarely . 
  yet , pkk killed more than 300 turkish people since this june . 
  in october , there was an explosion in ankara where more than 90 turkish people died caused by isis targeting kurdish citizens . 
  after that another attack happened in beirut and more than 40 lebanese people died . 
  i do n't even count the events before these caused by pkk , isis even boko haram . 
  i remember a comment here in reddit right after the paris terror attacks reading `` why always paris ? '' . 
  i could n't be sure if it was hypocrisy or pure ignorance which is n't any better in this case . 
  it 's not that `` it happens so rarely '' it 's more like `` the west rarely gives a shit , i mean they rarely attack us '' . 
  and they rarely attack the west because no sane man wants to piss off the people who feed them . 
  the man flew from turkey to canada then honduras then el salvador , then flew back here again and played for be\u015fikta\u015f . 
  more than 20.000 kilometers and 4 flawlessly played matches in less than 2 weeks . 
  he also played for be\u015fikta\u015f like every fucking game he 's not injured or booked and he always did his best . 
  i do n't care if the other best canadian player canditates are messi , pele or pirlo . 
  hutchinson is the best . 
  life steal is `` can \u00e7alma '' in turkish which can be translated as `` soul stealing '' but it makes sense in turkish and people were using `` can \u00e7alma '' since the dota times . 
  one of the cool things they did was translating b.f. 
  sword as a.m.k k\u0131l\u0131c\u0131 ( k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7 = sword ) . 
  they did n't just translate the b.f. part but they made it turkish . 
  i believe most of the europeans would know what does amk means . 
   arm kurds, 
  they already do . 
   down ~ ~ every ~ ~ turkish jet in syrian aerospace . 
  they already did . 
  first one , there is no source . 
  there have been turkish officers saying pkk getting support from western countries and there have been photos of them with us made weapons but there is n't any reliable source on that . 
  i think it 's because turkish side did n't want to worsen their relationships with western countries . 
  second one , here it is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/june_2012_interception_of_turkish_aircraft, 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't blame americans for this . 
  every nation in the history tried make themselves seem mightier and more righteous with any possible way , in the current world that way is the media . 
  did you know that turks blame greeks for their independence war and greeks blame turks for the same thing ? 
  it 's mind blowing when i see how efficient is media and education at making people believe whatever the government want to . 
  it 's just when i see people like `` muslims should just die '' or `` fuck turkey/russia , kick them out of nato/un '' or `` palestinians are evil they kill jews '' it disgusts me because middle-east became like this in the past century mostly because of the western countries but no one cares about that . 
  as an atheist i also hate islam itself as a religion but that does n't mean muslims are all bad people or something like that . 
  erdogan is actually russian and putin is actually kurd . 
  source : an anonymous us official .
