  if they somehow manage an early lead maybe they can take a few games against kr or edg but i do n't think they can win a bo5 series . 
  change is ... binding . 
  japan will get their own server soon ^ ^ tm, 
  seriously , if i 'm not wrong or they did n't cancel it , japan will have server probably next year . 
  uh ... that would be imposibble for a couple of years . 
  top japan players are challanger at na tho but korean teams are a different level of course . 
  woah , that was my wallpaper for like a month ... 
  thanks for the nostalgia . 
  also , there is burger queen from hataraku maou-sama . 
  welp . 
  i did n't say `` na did n't improve . '', 
  just answered the comment about trashtalk-playoffs . 
  edit : i do n't recall any eu coaches shittalking the other one . 
  also , i think trashtalking makes lcs more interesting but as long as it does n't concern some people 's job like monte at the moment . 
  does n't matter , he will be played as support soon . 
  his cc , lane harass and that beatiful disengage ultimate are enough for him to become a support i think . 
  yeah , azir seems like a better zyra right now . 
  * turret passive, 
  * cdr to as passive , support items provide way too much cdr so it would be quite op, 
  * probably best disengage ultimate, 
  * knock-up and slow, 
  * high lane presence and good harass potential, 
  i do n't think his damage will be low for a support but it depends on scalings like you mentioned . 
  believe or not , trist 's mid game is one of weakest of adcs . 
  trist is a aa reliant adc and her skills scales with ap except q which is a as stereoid . 
  so , as long as trist does n't snowball lane phase she will be quite awful in mid game compared to other adcs . 
  if she loses lane phase , she will be non-existent until 30mins or getting a few kills . 
  but , fuck it let 's hate trist all together because she if fotm at the moment . 
  lustboy is a fucking god, 
  lustboy with 13/14 kill participation , uh . 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  it would be like `` even if you play like shit we want to reward you for playing our game . '', 
  bad thing is they 're right ... 
  wtf namiboy playing braum, 
  pick lucian over trist  lose lane hard  expect to win late game ? 
  it 's a 4 secs cd skillshot with a little health cost , so of course he will hit a a lot cleavers . 
  but , that does n't change the fact that his aiming a bit off this game . 
  every pro player use maphack , koreans invented it . 
  did n't you know this already ? 
  dyrus smash, 
  holy shit this game, 
  dyrus goes where he pleases !, 
  dyrus have my fucking babies plss, 
  even if they win finals , they will get stomped by koreans at worlds . 
  no worries . 
  dyrus smash, 
  i was thinking about sleeping early and this series happened ... fml, 
  it 's relevant right now . 
  [ of course he is . 
  just a gif to me , do n't know the source . 
  that 's why you should download all of them ... because , fuck privacy . 
  lulu - shyvana was so good but lulu mid fell out . 
  shyvana - zilean is also good but it 's kinda risky . 
  top laner meta changed , shyvana is weak against maokai , alistar , ryze and lulu . 
  hence , the answer is small nerfs along with meta changes . 
  same as jax top and wukong/pantheon jungle, 
  i do n't know if i have low mmr because i never had a lose streak longer than 3 loses in this summer as my memory serves right . 
  when i lose exact same amount i thought that maybe something is bugged and someone else could experiencing same thing . 
  but , i think you are right . 
  so , counter a hyper carry with another hyper carry . 
  i remember the days when `` even if you remove thresh 's damage he will be viable because of his utility . '', 
  was a popular opinion . 
  community is the reason why lee never fell out of meta/leblanc got fucked/nidalee got buffed for no reason after her rework . 
  so , community can be biased sometimes . 
  it 's story and storytelling way was the thing what made that game awesome and unique along with soundtracks . 
  otherwise , it was n't so much different from other indie games . 
  that story telling dude with deep voice ... 
  i love that kind of voices ( no homo ), 
  i swear i saw this thread before ... 
  i do n't know his name ... 
  but , his storytelling hooked me to the game before story gets interesting or we hear some good soundtracks . 
  these were some literally wild cards . 
  i like the fact that teemo builds only tears . 
  it 's ignite mastery dude . 
  why did n't dyrus and amazing lose ? 
  bench bjergsen fucking newbie . 
  i 'm an alliance fan myself too and i see alliance as the best western team at the moment . 
  the thing is , alliance can mess up sometimes but they won eu lcs quite easily and they seemed so strong against fnatic at finals . 
  other western teams do n't look this strong right now . 
  c9 just lost against tsm and tsm barely won against lmq and c9 . 
  of course , lmq and c9 are good teams but fnatic is also a good team as you can at their arguable weakest point in allstars . 
  but , it 's worlds after all . 
  last year samsung ozone seemed as # 2 contender for first spot but they could n't make it out of groups . 
  another tl : dr - faker really good , samsung still win, 
  `` i like anivia and kanade . '', 
  froggen , no . 
  yuri is the best girl . 
  not only euw , it started in tr like 4-5 days ago . 
  i made a thread about this but no one did n't really care . 
  whatever , i think some servers established master ties earlier . 
  i dropped a league thanks to this situation . 
  madlife is mine !, 
  if it was n't a weekly style like lcs i would disagree with that . 
  but , if there will be a match every week , lcs format is better . 
  i mean , s2 tournaments were good because of some surprise tactics like gambit 's . 
  most teams had a unique style . 
  they were n't playing every week , so they would come up with some surprising strategies . 
  nowadays this is really hard to hard to accomplish because of weekly style . 
  both formats have their downsides . 
  in lcs format , every match does n't matter as much as ogn format , so some teams can go slumps and get away with it .
