  seems like h2k was our best team all along . 
  lol same . 
  and i was pretty hyped to see top 4 tsm and they kinda delivered in week 1 but then they returned to their roots i guess . 
  and a whopping eight of them !, 
  that 's not trashtalking but pussying out though . 
  i ca n't remember who they lost to ? 
  interner still amazes me . 
  quick !, 
  burn this blasphemer !, 
  the shitpost that we do n't need but we deserve . 
  turns out sports interactive was right all along . 
  my butthole also clenches when quaresma gets the ball , what a coincidence !, 
  better than tolga , that 's all we ask for at the moment lol, 
  not his fault . 
  edit : holy shit he saved it !, 
  italian girls ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  we need talisca there . 
  what ? 
  take it easy old man . 
  it seemed like marcelo was offside and aboubakar was on the line . 
  i may be wrong though since i 'm watching a sd stream . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/otkwmpiwqau?t=24s ), 
  it 's in the same place . 
  i think it 's because napoli is the stronger team on paper so any other result except winning is like a disappoingting score for them . 
  napoli with gabbiadini seemed better to me . 
  maybe it was because of the penalty goal momentum dunno . 
  no , it 's raining all right . 
  once upon a time in anatolia, 
  am turkish . 
  i disagree . 
  he said `` miss '' not to `` get ptsd '' . 
  that 's what he said . 
  god dammit i miss it especially when you had some attack speed it would look and sound awesome . 
   solokills are n't really a thing, 
  tell that to bjergsen . 
  that toxic guy has a few pocket picks . 
  well they 're not meant to be free or easy . 
  i choose to believe that this is a shitpost . 
  he is russian armenian , no ? 
  and soldier 76 . 
   i want h2k to win because imo forgiven is the greatest player who has n't really been that successful and a lot of eu pros shit talk him , he 's the hero we need and deserve . 
  i mean being the only western team that made the semi-finals in worlds counts as a success in my book . 
  of course i want them to go even further but even now they 're successful enough . 
  yeah well lol good morning i guess, 
  it 's not random . 
  every unit has a unit collision . 
  uhm ... vladimir is not exactly known for his lane pressure yet he was a contested pick during the group stages and quarter finals . 
   non korean, 
  same applies to ziggs , xerath and veigar but i thought we were talking about lane pressure . 
  better than ziggs and xerath ? 
  i 'm not saying he is utterly shit in mid lane but to say that he is getting picked in a meta where people favor lane pressure above anything else is bullshit . 
  thanks for the only reasonable answer . 
  all other answers i got were saying the same thing over and over without even thinking . 
  this one makes sense . 
  can vlad win the game all alone if fed ? 
  use your brain , it wo n't hurt . 
  guaranteed is exaggeration here and even vladimir ca n't win the game all alone . 
  i feel like you forgot what a fed ziggs can do , winning the game might be a stretch but stalling the game long enough to let your teammates get items is what ziggs can do and this certainly is a big plus than vladimir . 
  besides , which champion is guaranteed to win the game when fed lol, 
  because they are raised in turkish server and it 's worse than hell there mostly because of incapable riot turkey . 
  they only punish scripting , leaving the game etc. 
  but they do nothing about the toxicity so people get the habit of flaming . 
  and when they get sick of other flamers in turkey they transfer to euw and flame you lol, 
  it seemed like i 'm defending flamers but in fact i 'd like riot turkey to be much more strict like muting or banning flamers more actively . 
  i have a german friend in euw . 
  when me and a friend of mine transfered to turkish server because of a minor tournament for some reason he also came with us . 
  he managed to endure the endless flame only for 2 days and transfered back to euw . 
  when his teammates realized he ca n't speak turkish they started to flame him in english so there is no escape lol, 
  it seems like every other region than na , kr or euw is fucked up by flamers from what i heard here . 
  tr , br , garena , ch , eune , cis all of them are unplayable according to players ( i tried only tr , eune and ru ) . 
  that 's why when people complain about the flamers in euw or na it just feels funny to me because these 2 are the best that riot can offer . 
  because of the same reason as why tr server is in germany . 
  best idea here . 
  jesus christ dude . 
  probably yeah . 
  it 's easy to piss off nationalist people . 
  i think if you belong in diamond you should be able to carry your team . 
  maybe `` carry '' is the wrong word choice here but you should be able to do at least better than plats . 
  if you play better than the rest of the players you should be able to climb in the long term . 
  you know , consistency is also important . 
  you can play like a god in one game but if you shit the bed in the next one how do you expect to climb ? 
  also , maybe , i mean just maybe , when you win hard you win because of the * stupid shit heads * on the other team . 
  it 's stupid to completely deny it . 
  but in my opinion it 's also stupid to define it strictly as a genocide . 
  a genocide is something done to people that done nothing wrong like jews , manchurians etc. 
  in this case there was a huge rebellion by the armenians before the desert march or killings in their villages . 
  in my opinion it was a war between armenians and ottomans , armenians started the war by attacking ottoman garrisons and killing villagers , ultimately they lost , ottomans made them pay the price . 
  it was an extreme price and it 's hard to defend it but before anything it was war time . 
  a war that cost ottomans their country . 
  a comparison would be the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  japanese attacked the united states first , they lost , in order to make them surrender the united states dropped the bombs , killed thousands of japanese people instantly . 
  although iirc obama apologized a few months ago . 
  i think we also should apologize . 
  it was an extreme act and even though in my opinion * genocide * is the wrong term here it does n't change the fact that we killed those people . 
  anyways , just one more thing , when people talk about the proofs of armenian genocide i find it kinda funny because there is no mention of the definite proofs about the turks that killed by armenians beforehand . 
  it 's easy to call turks * brainwashed * , it 's not wrong though , but when you deny that you are also brainwashed on this subject it gets even funnier . 
  edit : case is closed boys , it 's well damn genocide . 
  that song is mostly about the mount ararat in the eastern turkey . 
  it 's a very important area for the armenians and they blame turks for stealing their holy region with the foundation of turkey republic . 
  lyrics : http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/systemofadown/holymountains.html,
