so true , i just created this reddit account to reply this :, 
  i 'm playing in tr server and i can confirm , there are a lot of euw or eune players in tr who ca n't grind in their own servers . 
  so they are looking for `` fun '' games where they can play whatever they want to play like adc leblanc or smth . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't know why but it seems like eu mid laners do n't improve as na mid laners . 
  i mean mid laners like reginald , scarra , bigfatlp were definetely worse than froggen , xpeke or alex ich but at the moment i ca n't say that these 3 are better than top na mid laners . 
  only one i can say better is froggen i guess . 
  better rematch, 
  my guess : they probably coded vision as a minion . 
  yeah , same thing happens with genja . 
  why do n't they let him to speak european ? 
  he plays in eu lcs after all . 
  so he replaced hai only for this tournament and played mid for best team na named c9 . 
  it was a really good opportunity to prove himself in such a big international event and he did so good which is approved by faker himself . 
  i really want to ask him a few questions if this becomes a thing . 
  `` we ultimately fear what spawns from within us . '', 
  - aonuma shun ( shinsekai yori ), 
  similar thing happens in here turkey too . 
  turkish parents tell their little son who is yet 4-6 years old to show his penis to `` uncle '' . 
  `` uncle '' is a turkish term of someone who really is close to kid 's family . 
  so embarrasing . 
  even without a proper main story there is character development , requester should know this i guess . 
  freezing is a really good action/ecchi , if you consider watching ecchi . 
  quality production , not so original but interesting characters , really good fiction and meh plot . 
  i actually value plot too high , so maybe you should n't care about my opinion in this one :d, 
  if i remember correctly according to lemonnation , first week they lost every single scrim vs na lcs teams with link . 
  so , yeah new team/new midlaner should be difficult to adapt :d, 
  and that is indeed impressive . 
  yea , that was so hot . 
  ( no homo ), 
  same thing happened with me but reverse . 
  i liked angel beats !, 
  so much that lead me to watch some anime similar to angel beats ! . 
  which resulted in , i liked anohana a bit lesser than angel beats ! , but i did n't like clannad/clannad : after story at all . 
  i do n't why but it did n't get to me . 
  there were n't a really solid character development in angel beats !, 
  but i guess character development is n't a must-have in some series . 
  some characters should be side characters and bad thing is if you watch a 12-13 episode anime you should prepare yourself to watch only 2-3 character 's development . 
  and you should judge by this to love this short series . 
  sorry about my english , not native language whatsoever . 
  edit : btw i see the reason why you dropped series , until i saw otonashi 's past i thought the same . 
  but i really loved the rest . 
  i dropped steins ; gate a few times because of this reason , well you know it 's an amazing anime but first episodes just arent . 
  i already can see trolls in this mode . 
  for example , i started as master yi and followed this build : zeal - bilgewater cutlass, 
  then it swapped to a troll and he sold them then bought needlessly large rod . 
  i know i 'm so negative and my english is bad . 
  well dprox was n't diamond 1 or smth . 
  but he is dprox after all , so yeah you are right i guess . 
  is it just me or should n't junglers be pointed upon objective steals as well ? 
  like 1 point for a buff steal , 2 points for dragon steal and 5 points for baron steal maybe ? 
  and if their opponent steals an objective they lose some points too maybe ? 
  edit : sorry about my english , not native language . 
  it 's not like they are n't keeping these stealing stats but i guess they would need to enter them manually . 
  but is n't it important ? 
  stealing an objective should be more important than killing 100 minions imo . 
  i believe it 's far more important when you think about no one died because of aatrox 's w bug . 
  i guess eg is the new `` potential '' king . 
  i believe it 's gon na be orianna . 
  but i would n't be suprised if kha'zix gets it . 
  i do n't think it will be swain , i just do n't feel like it i guess . 
  this is so true . 
  if you are into the japanese language you should get what i mean i guess . 
  turkish and japanese sentences have the same structure so we can easily learn japanese actually . 
  what i mean as structure is :, 
  in english structure : `` i drank water . '', 
  in turkish/japanese structure : `` i water drank . '', 
  we use noun and object before the verb in formal sentences . 
  and that 's why english seems kinda hard for us . 
  i 'm into gaming for like 6-7 years and watching some tv series/movies in english but i still have some problems with english especially when i have to talk in english . 
  building a sentence while you are talking is harder than it seems , just because of this structure difference i believe . 
  joe `` do n't call me joe ` joe miller ' miller '' miller, 
  if we are going to blame someone , it can be thresh too . 
  he did n't interrupt safeguard . 
  or orianna could have waited nearby the minions . 
  jinx 's flash was n't the best but this type of mistakes happens to everyone . 
  and this mistake is what makes this an outplay . 
  same here . 
  `` yeah , instead of nerfing too strong one let 's buff other adc 's ! '', 
  what you are saying is like `` do n't nerf kassadin because he does his job as an assasin . '', 
  or `` do n't nerf lulu because her late game damage is n't as high as karthus . '', 
  we all play adc 's and when i have doubts about what to pick i always pick lucian without hesitation . 
  this should n't happen . 
  even when i pick renekton i worry about his late game scaling , but that 's not the case with lucian . 
  i think this should n't happen . 
  rengar 's empowered abilities does n't have cooldowns but champions who you mentioned have cooldowns on every ability . 
  so , it can be very tricky in some situations , there is n't a guarantee that this will help these champs i believe . 
  also , i do n't want this to happen because i want these type of champions to be difficult ones . 
  that should mean players should know approx . 
  cooldowns and when to use abilities etc. 
  great power comes with great responsibility after all . 
  just my opinion . 
  i have to admit , this was one of the most boring matches i 've ever watched . 
  what riot says : `` we want to make all of evolutions equal , so players will be able to choose between them instead of evolving them like everyone else or pros do . '', 
  what riot does : `` let 's nerf ult 's evolution to the ground so no one evolves it , let 's make q thrash without evolution so everybody will be have to evolve it . '', 
  i really do n't think they 're doing their best to balance this bug . 
  it should n't be too hard , i mean kha'zix is one of the most versatile champions ever in lol , mainly because of buffs/nerfs to evolutions . 
  so they can control how we should play kha'zix easily , just like they did in the past . 
  but what they 're doing at the moment is n't right according to what they say . 
  and adc 's should be weak at early to midgame .
