  '' , `` wtf y no reward to me '' next time double think before flaming . 
  i actually speak a lot in games and i did n't get chat restricted even once . 
  there are many people like me . 
  and also , riot stated that people who got restricted 1 or maybe 2 times wo n't get affected . 
  usually i 'm the one who gets flamed and i learned mute flamers instantly . 
  except this , i 'm very talkative in games and i do n't believe that every people who got reported for being toxic gets restricted . 
  if a person gets reported many times , that means he is a toxic player , nothing else . 
  this . 
  also ;, 
   why is everyone acting like chat restricted people are the victims ? 
  being toxic is natural ? 
  riot is to blame here ? 
   holy shit reddit . 
  i did n't get chat restricted ever and there are many people like me . 
  rewards should be given to players who do n't ruin other people 's game experience , so i support riot in this decision to the fullest . 
   `` i quit this game . 
  '' , `` riot sucks in this decision . 
  '' , `` wtf y no reward to me '' next time double think before flaming . 
  a comment of mine , could n't stop from sharing here . 
  i actually got threatened , got reported but never got chat restricted . 
  i do n't flame people . 
  i mute flamers . 
  i do n't troll . 
  i do n't assist the enemy team . 
  sometimes i feed unintentionally . 
  just like an average lol player should be . 
  i want to play my lane , not survive it . 
  give me my old cassio back pls :'(, 
  there is maybe only 1 champ who has to survive laning phase and it 's karthus . 
  if i want to compare them ... 
  karthus has a better laning phase since he can play safer with his lay waste . 
  also , he can set up ganks before 6 and he can get kills/assists just with his ult freely . 
  and karthus carries hard . 
  really hard . 
  harder than cassiopeia ever can . 
  true that . 
  mor da real mvp, 
  omg , gambit and fnatic won against s3 worlds , so i do n't think so . 
  that 's mean dude . 
  i think it was edg vs ssw 1st match . 
  why are you using fnatic flair then lol, 
  spoiler tags are n't forced . 
  also , i comented to a spoiler comment so it does n't really matter if i gave anyways . 
  usually eu teams screw up at first day . 
  i hope they can recover . 
  i still have hopes for alliance but lmq seemed really strong against fnatic . 
  just tried new viktor . 
  rushed for perfect augment , then bought zhonya 's - void staff-rabadon-rylai 's . 
  i did n't buy lich bane , because i was facing with zed and wanted to upgrade augment as fast as i can . 
  oh , i also got 2-3 kills in early game , so got the perfect augment and zhonya 's quite early . 
  result is ... 
  this shit is fucking op !, 
  that q spam , e poke , w-r teamfight presence ... 
  i had so much fun . 
  he is just the viktor i imagined before playing him . 
  in my opinion , he is more like orianna . 
  orianna also can clear waves really fast and has a big teamfight presence just like viktor . 
  also , both can farm safely , strong against assasins , strong aa 's , good utility , good poke , good burst , ability to turn the tides in a teamfight . 
  ** tl ; dr : viktor is actually orianna . 
  rework is great . 
  i think that should be the reason why fnatic went 9-1 while their only loss is the one they lost at first day . 
  `` usually '' = / = `` every other team '', 
  skill order : r - e - q - w, 
  augment order : q - e - w, 
  i was laning against a melee opponent , so movement speed boost from q was so useful . 
  if i was playing against a ranged champ who can wave clear really fast , i would augment e first though . 
  my bad , should 've written `` every other eu team '' which i meant . 
  i mean , i said `` usually '' . 
  so , it does n't mean `` every other eu team '' will screw up first day and recover at later . 
  gambit is known for this habit , happened to fnatic a few times and maybe this time happens again to fnatic and alliance . 
  it 's actually a different year , hence i said `` i still have hopes '' . 
  i just do n't get why are you still at this with picking only the first sentence from i wrote . 
  i do n't think i meant anything mean to na or eu but just my hopes and a known habit or eu teams . 
  please :'(, 
  i was so hyped ... and i fucking knew that this much hype can blow up instantly but could n't help it with all the things going around in reddit like leviathan 's tweets , korean opinions about froggen etc. 
  i still believe in them , but not as sure as i did today :'(, 
  `` i hope they can recover . 
  i still have hopes for alliance but lmq seemed really strong against fnatic . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure what i meant clearly is exactly as it sounded . 
  i remember the first time they showed this on ogn stream ... 
  it was so awkward and funny as hell . 
  it 's not about their awful performance at worlds . 
  there were some conflicts between teammates , it was like fabfabulous & holyphoenix vs. naru . 
  it was n't a known fact but only some other team 's players were know this , that 's how i heard . 
  their new team will be stronger in terms of player skill but i 'm not sure about their teamplay yet . 
  it 's a turkish team after all lol . 
  edit * i actually was n't expecting them to leave . 
  i think these conflicts which i mentioned earlier grew bigger with their performance at worlds , i 'm not sure tho . 
  riot is an amazing company in terms of listening to players and providing good content . 
  maybe they do n't release many champions but when they release a new one i always get the hype because every one of them are a different experiment for me . 
  i 'm not a big fan of skins with many new projectiles and textures like project yasuo but for example atlantean syndra was an amazing skin for me . 
  it 's kinda amazing how they can approach many people with many different skin preferences . 
  only thing i do n't like about riot is their e-sports department i think . 
  they 're kinda rookie and i ca n't blame them but i just do n't like their handling in many situations . 
  that lore . 
  actually i remember many threads about this but riot did n't react yet . 
  downvoted . 
  it 's eu not euw . 
  edit * also , as the downvoting started , eu  na . 
  in my book , beating a crippled sk does n't count .
