  same . 
  actually i like it more than youtube because it loads faster for me . 
  what happened to your team liquid flair :(, 
  i love it when canada is n't america . 
  why are the icons there so blurry ? 
  united states of america is n't actually the continent named * america * which canada is also a part of . 
  he could at least google his name ... 
  i say na teams wo n't win a single game in the quarter finals . 
  oh this thread again ... 
  [ ] ( #face - eww ), 
  card draw . 
  so it 's * confirmed * but you did n't even read that article which you only think exist . 
  seems legit . 
  you realize that this roster is from their last match , right ? 
  they 're able to change it however they like before the match begins so it 's not * confirmed * by any means . 
  oh i know the link he was talking about , i just wanted to point out it was n't confirmed just because he saw it in the front page . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
   `` we should 've lost this game , '' says febiven . 
  `` they could 've just ended the game if they wanted to . 
  they could have gotten two or three barons for free . 
  next week if we play like this then we 're probably going to lose if the [ opponent ] is better . '', 
  he did n't do much but he fought the most . 
  i fucking love him . 
  [ ] ( #face - flip ), 
  damn that was brilliant, 
  that tp start from deft lol, 
  not really . 
  yeah , every non-secular muslim country . 
  febiven is the best player in the galaxy . 
  do you also pay taxes ? 
  in turkey we have trt as the state tv and we pay tax to fund them and we pay nothing else to watch . 
  and the biggest upset . 
  we need / u/martinuggla back . 
  even faker makes some misplays sometimes . 
  he even got soloed a few times by his opponents ( i know it was a hard matchup for faker but still ... ), 
  who was the best performer mid laner then ? 
  it 's dickriding if you say `` faker performed the best because he is the best player we ever had . '', 
  instead of `` faker performed the best because he contributes to his team the most . '', 
  i did n't see him since forever . 
  i last remember a lotr reference gif made by him where gandalf and frodo sails away farewelling sam , pippin and merry . 
  it was a retirement related gif i believe . 
  no one is saying he did n't contribute to his team at all . 
  he carried the game when he played ryze against ahq yesterday . 
  i 'm saying febiven did better in this worlds so far . 
  he carried some games , he did n't lose any lane and he did n't got camped like many other mid laners . 
  he made some mistakes ( mostly in ahq game ) but overall he is doing great . 
  even in the first week febiven was the best performer on fnatic maybe alongside with yellowstar . 
  when i last followed dota scene , cn actually was the strongest region with teams like ehome and lgd . 
  image did n't load for me , can you reupload at imgur please ? 
  i think it was because of the global pressure by edg with 3 teleports ( one of them only used for getting back to lane by deft ) and tf ultimate . 
  whenever reignover tried to do something , pawn always interrupted him . 
  thanks . 
  this guy getting cuter and cuter with time , is this even possible ? 
  the last match i watched was the alliance vs. navi finals of the international 2013 . 
  i was a dts supporter back then when artstyle - was their captain then i started to support navi when they bought dts roster and seeing them getting fucked only by furion-wisp-chaos knight picks in international 2013 made me really sad . 
  ever since i did n't watch a single dota 2 game . 
  yeah , no doubt about that . 
  i just hated the way they play . 
  believe in europe !, 
  we will see that lollipoppy tattoed ass . 
  i never saw a kassadin getting rolling since they nerfed his ult range . 
  even if he gets a few kills he has to wait for the late game to do what an assassin should . 
  he is so item dependent that he ca n't snowball before he gets his expensive core items . 
  i saw a few kassadins getting double or triple kills with ganks but i never saw a kassadin able to snowball after that . 
  it 's almost like it 's a bad idea to give kassadin early kills despite being him a mid laner and assassin since he wo n't do shit anyways till the late game . 
  an assassin that ca n't snowball or deal meaningful damage before late game , it 's a pretty stupid design if you ask me . 
  username checks out . 
  they do n't need to try to find bugs , reignover either did n't try to find the bug . 
   not with sk telecom, 
  so you and many redditor do n't expect skt to lose and that 's why it will be called an upset if skt loses . 
  being useful with blitzcrank is n't that easy but i agree with you . 
  `` the riot will put the leventis in place lite . '', 
  according to google translate . 
  i bet it 's some kind of a bash to turks :p, 
  it was a joke about the youtube comment section wars between turks and greeks mate , sorry if i offended you . 
  and yeah i still do n't get the context :(, 
  and the always changing unstable lore does n't help with this . 
  sounds like a mobafire build . 
  / s is for pussies . 
  no disrespect to sjokz i think she is also great but i liked seltzer better . 
  he is the hero we need ... 
  vvvortic , where are you when we need you ... 
  telling someone he is stupid being bad maybe can be argued but telling someone you do n't know he is stupid is bad , that 's for sure . 
  i feel like we actually won now ... 
  we / r/circloljerk now ? 
  i 'm on to you . 
  that was `` kassadin no mana '' dude , you probably got it mixed with `` riven riven riven '' calls . 
  just tuned in and i 'm honestly amazed by the fact that fnc has more golds than koo with being 11 kills and 6 turrets down . 
  because more bans actually brings more champion diversity . 
  at the moment there are 3-4 must pick/ban champs ( gp , morde , elise and tahm kench ) so the other 2-3 bans go to specific conditions such as target bans or eliminating a strategy ( like banning out lulu or shen ) . 
  these 2-3 bans are n't must pick/ban so they provide diversity and that would be even bigger with more bans . 
  thank you so much for these threads . 
  they 're providing so much insight . 
   koo were literaly trolling those games ... 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  * after 2 days of worlds *, 
  # \\ #westisbest, 
  * 3 weeks later *, 
  this is it .
