  not sure if sarcasm ... 
  holy shit , this is great !, 
  please keep doing this kind of videos !, 
  and shy ... 
  oh god ... 
  i want froggen flair instead of elements . 
  perhaps, 
  i actually want a froggen flair . 
  this is bullshit . 
  fuck doublelift too . 
  i tried azubu a few times before and that wo n't happen ever again . 
  i tried azubu and streamwise it 's not that different . 
  website is a bit different but i think it 's not in a bad way . 
  the thing i missed is of course twitch chat . 
   is n't that bringing disrepute to a company that has long outgrown that with new leaders etc ? 
  that azubu just dmca 'd that guy * illegally * . 
  so , no . 
  new leaders , same shit . 
  that guy changed his mind before this statement . 
  it 's not contradicting himself , it 's just fighting till the end . 
  he is just a person against azubu ( and prolly riot ) . 
  that 's why people are supporting him . 
  what he does is n't rebroadcasting . 
  he is streaming from spectate mode , there is n't any content of faker in his streams except faker is one of the players in the game he spectates . 
  it 's not any different from riot 's spectate mode , hell you can even spectate anyone from challenger league any time you want to . 
  that guy is broadcasting this , something anyone already is able to access . 
  faker being * discomforted * about being spectated is some pr bullshit because people * always * spectated him . 
  and faker said he does n't care about streams that broadcast himself before . 
  so what 's your proof to call him * using everyone * ? 
  just wondering . 
  that 's e-stalking dude . 
  you are right . 
  he is n't the player reddit makes him to be . 
  but , at least he carried some games in eg and he is overall a solid support . 
  i prefer krepo over nyph even if he was n't support for clg.eu / eg . 
   a weird transfer happened to my account, 
  yeah , well stuff happens . 
   now i 'm trapped in turkey, 
  holy shit this is dead serious !, 
  i did n't call it correct . 
  what he does is moral ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but i think he is trying to fight with illegal dmcas , big companies shady things and tryndamere 's retarded tweets all by himself alone . 
  that 's why i support him . 
  what he does is n't illegal after all , maybe it 's not moral but can you call what azubu did/trydamere wrote moral ? 
  \\ #keeppiglet, 
  til, 
   communication between azubu and twitch, 
  that 's pointless since what he does does n't break any rules . 
  seems like you are calling `` being a bitch over it '' what i called `` fighting '' in my previous post . 
  he changed his statement before skt did . 
  of course that does n't mean he did the right thing . 
  from my pov he ( and most of us ) got angry at tryndamere because he lied ( aka poor pr ) to his followers on twitter . 
  i think the reason of changing statement is probably this . 
  this is probably a childish thing to do but i really ca n't call it wrong at all . 
  thanks for this . 
  i did n't have time to watch the whole 50mins . 
  i know and i probably will watch this tomorrow . 
  i need to sleep now . 
  people say he builds fh when the enemy team has a double ap comp . 
  welp . 
  i like how you did n't even mention riftwalk . 
  people said it was an overkill on pbe boards but riot went with the nerf anyways . 
  i do n't get why pbe exists if riot wo n't care about the feedback . 
   he was distustingly buggy, 
  ftfy, 
   people just trying to make a big karma ca $ h out of nothing . 
  ftfy, 
  i feel the same for na lcs . 
  i think it 's more about the teams you root for . 
  i do n't root for any na lcs teams so it 's boring for me . 
  because what you have suggested is the same as being a dick . 
  if i was n't too broken right now , i would give my first gold to you . 
  he does n't . 
  well , at least do some research before talking . 
  that 's the coast way . 
  rito does n't give a shit turkey for some reason . 
  i 'm actually surprised that they decided iwc to be held here in istanbul . 
  he could 've just edit it ... 
  battle bunny riven is one of the best skins in this game . 
  i also cs riven but i do n't even use it . 
  and faker could n't even make it to iem ... 
  got ta try that cassio build . 
  a difficult that is n't made by the beatmap set uploader/owner . 
  * rekkles using flash & heal aggressively . 
  * elements forcing aggresively baron fights . 
  * elements winning a game . 
  * most importantly wickd did n't die . 
  is this the real life ? 
  who the hell do you think i am ? 
  poor brad : ^ (, 
   tier 5 : new mappers -- it 's never too late to quit :3, 
  time to make connections then !, 
  wasting time ? 
  why ca n't you just enjoy the game while playing ? 
  it 's solo queue and no game is n't so lost unless you think it 's so lost . 
  fishy . 
  too deep . 
  `` kawaii kereste '' is my nickname . 
  kawaii : i watch anime .
