  who told you these sanctions are n't double edged ? 
  putin ? 
  he told you everything is going to be just fine and you believed him lol ? 
   living in a dictatorship such as turkey, 
  implying russia is the sacred country of freedom and secularism, 
   with no free press and no competing opinions available to general public, 
  implying russia has many different opinions available to general public seeing the same titles in every russian news websites, 
   has obviously brought upon some interesting and unexpected consequences such as absolute degradation of debating skills, 
  you could n't even answer my earlier questions but , hey , i realized that you are n't even capable of having a conversation . 
  sorry for asking something you ca n't lol . 
  umm ... by the way , how much a single tomato costs in russia right now ? 
  i did n't say you are russian or you live in russia , read again . 
  my question implies if you know how much the sanctions affected russian people 's wallet by simply asking a product that grows in turkey and banned with the sanctions . 
  apparently you do n't know . 
  but you try to seem like you know . 
  no , tomatoes are n't a turkey-only vegetable and turkey is n't the only country russia buys their tomatoes from . 
  do n't ask the questions if you already know the answer just to make yourself high and mighty , it 's pathetic . 
  but if you had the desire to know something before you make a statement you could clearly see the raise with vegetable prices if you had checked them . 
  but no , you wo n't . 
  instead you 'll just say `` but they do just fine !!! '' . 
  i 'm not saying russia will go bankrupt , i 'm saying they got affected and they 're looking for better markets than turkey . 
  that 's why it 's a double-edged sword . 
   top : kfo, 
   jungle : hard, 
   adc : keith, 
   support : baby, 
  we , all of elements fans , waited for froggen to join to/build a good team for months ever since alliance got rekt and this is the result we got ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i 'm done . 
  i love froggen and i will support him till he retires but i wo n't support an organization that is n't capable of building a good team . 
  edit : dammit i 'm so mad . 
  i do n't know man ... 
  it 's just i was n't expect a team full of no-namers and challenger players who did n't prove himself in lcs . 
  only one with the lcs experience except froggen is keith and he was n't a top tier adc even he overperformed himself . 
  i 'm hyped because i want to see how the league will sound with the vas who also give their voice to my favourite anime characters . 
  people also believed in a lightning throwing old man sitting at the top of olympus and watching the shit you do only if he wants and fucks so many girls that in the end his wife who also happens to be a magically strong supposedly marriage protecting woman goes mad and tries to kill them all by making them suffer and suicide . 
  weird that i had to scroll this down to see ataturk 's name in this thread . 
  the man took his nation and gave them an identity to live for . 
  turks before him were doomed and if it was n't him they probably would 've end up with islamic state just like every other muslim middle-eastern country . 
  so let me get it straight ... you 're saying that greeks were fighting turks but you also blame turks for purging greeks from turkey after winning the said war . 
  it 's weird man . 
  what were you expecting the turks to do after everything greeks did in turkey to turkish people ? 
   everybody is wondering , rightfully , with whose authority turkey wants to get involved in this conflict . 
  they want more for themselves , just like every other country . 
  maybe that 's why they do n't like america . 
   and the secular turks are on a losing streak for the last 15 years, 
  it hurts when you say it that way . 
  if you want to know the official portion of non-religious people in turkey , do n't even bother . 
  it would probably be something like % 0,5-1 because most of non-religious people including me do n't bother to change the religion part in our national ids . 
  and yes , in turkish national ids we have religion statement which is almost always muslim . 
  but in truth there are more than % 5 non-religious people in turkey . 
  it 's like an unofficial fact known here but there is no way to prove it . 
  secularism in turkey is more common than you 'd think . 
  akp is like the least secular party at the moment but most of their supporters are secular afaik . 
  have you ever read about something called * capitalism * before ? 
  that 's a weird way to spell inaba . 
  i expected some `` holy shit !, 
  `` s between the laughters tbh . . 
  it obviously is a bug . 
  jhin is n't anywhere near to a sniper in arabian mythology lol . 
  this concept seeks like a badly designed sniper . 
  and what the fuck is that e ability ? 
  a stealth tied to a skillshot that only if kills an enemy ? 
  seems like a total useless bullshit to me . 
  knowing riot they would n't name him jhin just because they thought it 's cool . 
  there have to be something similar to jhins in arabian mythology in his gameplay elements . 
  5.22 preseason patch notes . 
  it should be under the mechanics or system headline . 
  iirc it 's dome collapsed several times before . 
  but it 's only natural for a building as old as aya sofia . 
  fresh pistachio alone is great and also awesome with beer . 
  we kinda got used to it because of pkk . 
  especially this summer there has n't been a single day without losses against them . 
  just like they did with the hagia sophia in iznik ( nicaea ) . 
  so i have to wait for 14 hours from now on because i live in gmt +2 timezone ? 
  this is why murica is hated !!!!!!!!, 
  similar things happened in turkey . 
  we get good speed but we pay the highest in the world afaik . 
  that was an explanation to why turks do n't act in panic in this kind of situations . 
  it 's because in the last 15 years pkk massively increased their activities and killed hundreds of civilian and military . 
  we have conscription here in turkey which means every male civilian require to do a specific amount of military service ( depends on some factors mainly education level , 6 moths-2 years ) pkk killed hundreds of them . 
  they 're as civil as we are . 
  aya sofia also stands , that 's not the point . 
  erdogan supporters here in turkey are n't any different either . 
  most of the turks in germany came from the central and eastern anatolia and these places are the worst so i feel for you . 
  erdogan supporters here in turkey are n't any different either . 
  most of the turks in germany came from the central and eastern anatolia and these places are the worst so i feel for you . 
  you are not the only one . 
  in fact most of the player base like the new mechanic and graves saw a popularity rise after the rework ( even after the nerfs ) . 
  it 's just that you ca n't please everybody and some people do n't like different things . 
  happened today . 
  literally right after you tried to defend them . 
  when i watch ozil videos i always get jealous of germany . 
  such an awesome player . 
  note : a salty turk . 
  yeah , i hope he gets back in to form quickly and just when he recovers from that slump he does n't get injured like nuri . 
  it 's not that i 'm objecting for him to play for germany . 
  it 's just he is such a great talent and i 'd love to watch him with our red-white kits . 
  him , arda and hakan calhanoglu would make an awesome trio . 
  he is really honest and has a good way with words .
