  even so you remain right . 
  in the near future turkish economy will remain like this with steady growing but for them to reach the bigger economies ... 
  it 's too hard for them and even if it 's possible it will take a long long time . 
  or turkey . 
  add israel , turkey and saudi arabia to the evil side and we 're good . 
  and why should turkey not let syrians to go to europe ? 
  why should they work for europe if europe wo n't give them anything and make them take care of every syrian immigrant by themselves somehow ? 
  there are millions of syrians who are n't terrorists or rebels or assad supporters . 
  they are the people caught in fire . 
  what turkey does is actually what europe and other countries should also do , taking syrians in and letting them * live a fucking life * instead of getting shot for no fucking meaningful reason at all besides borning to the wrong country . 
  or maybe they were ready to give russia permission if they were to ask for it before violating turkish air space multiple times despite multiple warning by nato and turkey itself ever since they got to syria . 
  ca n't be sure about him but i would change my flair , many other elements fans would do the same . 
  no you wo n't . 
  it 's reddit , you never know . 
  good points . 
  about kurds ... it 's complicated . 
  % 20-30 of turkish population is estimated to be kurdish , most of them are living a peaceful life just like other turkish people do ( there are kurdish ministers in the current cabinet ) but some of them want a seperate state . 
  they are like the catalans of turkey but with a terrorist organization supporting them . 
  it 's been 30 + years since the pkk terrorism began , there have been many casualties on both sides . 
  of course this ca n't justify everything the turkish goverment does but making kurds innocent and blaming turkish goverment is n't also just . 
  anyways , you see , no sane man can say `` with their current state turkey definitely deserves to be an eu member '' that would be retarded . 
  but saying `` they do n't deserve it so we should n't give them a chance to prove themselves '' is also equally retarded . 
  it does n't help anyone and it actually would have a negative effect on a promising country . 
  edit : i wanted to give an example for kurds ... let 's say black people in usa wants their own country and forms a terrorist organization to achive this . 
  they kill many innocent american , they threat the goverment , they deploy mines on commonly used roads , they also prevent the goverment from investing where they 're populated . 
  the goverment tries to negotiate with them and provide better living standards for them but in the end it does n't even matter and they want more . 
  the goverment starts to fight them with different ways , they also start to kill innocent citizens . 
  how would united states goverment fight with this ? 
  by giving them their own state ? 
  but does n't that mean that they ca n't fight with terrorism and what if everyone who wants something from the goverment starts to do terrorist acts ? 
  it 's complicated . 
  yes . 
  erdogan is n't the reason , he 's the result . 
  how a pentakill should be like to make it * legit * ? 
  1v5 , full hit points , full summoners ? 
  i 'm not surprised that sputnik news delivers this bullshit . 
  i 'm surprised people hate turkey so much and apparently love russia so much that they upvote even most utterless bullshits . 
  there is no definite proof . 
  but still people assume it 's % 100 true . 
  i also believe that it 's most likely true but i 'm still not % 100 sure . 
  yeah , he should go watch his interview because obviously that pilot is the most unbiased person here . 
   for the 1st time, 
  yeah , sure . 
  but i 'm not sure what would that make that previous locked down thing of a russian jet in 5th of november ... 
  am i the only one who actually liked this ? 
  they 're also blurring the pictures so the purpose is made very clear . 
  it 's something like `` selamun aleykum '' . 
  it actually means something like `` may allah greet you/watch over you '' but usually it only means `` hello '' . 
  i know . 
  i only tried to give an example from the real world about * what they are getting at with it * . 
  [ uzun adam ( remix ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26b0nv5whky ), 
  ahhh ... 
  i thought you were n't asking in context so i gave a general answer . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  `` but , the fat russian . 
  he knows . 
  agents always watching . 
  sneaky little ruskieses . '', 
  say her name !, 
  elia martell !, 
  or maybe they were ready to give russia permission to use their air space if they asked for it before/after getting warned several times by nato and turkey itself ? 
  or maybe they just gave france the permission because they are also a nato member and they actually have a clear purpose and they use diplomatic methods with other countries instead of `` yeah , fuck your airspace and borders '' aka russian style ? 
  or maybe they gave permission to france because they got 3 billions from eu and maybe this is one of the main reasons of it ? 
  or maybe they only agreed to it because united states wanted so ? 
  if turkey gives permission , it 's to cover their acts . 
  if turkey does n't give permission , it 's to cover their acts . 
  reddit circlejerk at it 's finest . 
  get out with your logic if you do n't wan na get crucified . 
  turkey is the evil itself and putin is the gift of the god . 
  i mean people made russia the sending of god forgetting everything they did including all those shady deals , invading crimea , invading georgia just because they started to fight for assad who is a dictator and happened to kill isis terrorists while doing that ... 
  but i do n't think turkey is as lucky as russia . 
  circlejerk is too strong this time . 
   we 're talking about countries , there is no such thing as an absolute when talking about the morality of a country . 
  yes . 
  no country is doing things for the morality . 
  russia did n't help assad just because they hate isis and do a favor for the mankind . 
  turkey did n't fund syrian rebels or isis ( ? ), 
  to fuck everyone else . 
  captain orianna also seems good to me . 
  that ship-ball ... 
  because last episodes could n't deliver the hype it built before . 
  but still it 's one of my favourite series . 
  farting women of the dingle bay, 
  earlier episodes were my favourites because i simply loved every character in that series . 
  but , yeah , different people different tastes . 
  i think she is surprisingly calmer than i would be if i got targeted by a rengar like that . 
  god dammit that was so painful to watch . 
  yes . 
  and thunderlord 's counts every damage instance so for example if lux binds her target and aas once she will proc thunderlord 's because her passive will be counted seperately . 
  so far thunderlord 's has been my favourite . 
  i use deathfire only on dot stuff like brand , rumble and heavy poke mages like xerath , ziggs . 
  it 's not our culture . 
  i do n't accept that as our culture . 
  no sane person does . 
  but there are many insane and uneducated people , you would be surprised . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  cabo : yes, 
  from be\u015fikta\u015f , with love . 
  yes please . 
  quaresma is making the plays .
