  yeah , i also am a big fan of her . 
  also jibril 's va would be perfect for lux . 
  these vo 's are the only reason why i am so excited about riot japan lol . 
  actually naru said that . 
  it 's too late in na right now . 
  uzi laughed in the whole game . 
  holy shit that ending, 
  holy shit deman, 
  holy shit kobe, 
  amazing is a go ... nvm . 
  sk is n't a weak team . 
  they really gave many hard times against alliance . 
  i 'm not sure if nrated got caught the most or amazing ? 
  holly molllyy, 
  how dare you forget busujima saeko from highschool dxd !, 
  holy shit that ending, 
  saeko is the best girl , so of course she does voice saeko . 
  her can be so seductive sometimes , you know . 
  so , what will alliance do bro ? 
  it 's a running joke about the `` x 's english is really improved ! '', 
  / `` i really loved x on the analyst desk '' / `` props to x for his dedication '' / `` x is so cute while talking english '' threads which were popular some time ago . 
  many people believed they were only karma whoring . 
  and why is that ? 
  if someone is playing an exact champion like a beast , it 's only smart to ban if you are n't sure how to deal with it . 
  what you mentioned , sounded just like gambit 's old playstyle ... 
  edit * oh also darien was a big fan of aatrox and drew many bans against him . 
  ahq 's bot lane got crushed so hard . 
  jinx will be non-existent until at least 35min mark . 
  what did they say , i missed that part :(, 
  ** league o ' legendo **, 
  i fucking love japanese pronunciation . 
  also , if i did n't know what league was , after seeing this video i would n't be able to wait for japanese server . 
  rofl i love joe !, 
  the smallest player base you say ? 
  tsm fans made fun of dp and probably will make fun of kabum too while they have `` the smallest '' qualified player base . 
  they could pick shiphtur instead of bjergsen , any other na junglers instead of amazing as he is n't the best . 
  i hate regi and loco and do n't really like tsm fans . 
  but i like c9 , lmq , all , fnc and i support all . 
  edit * [ that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5moeykj.jpg ) 's why i do n't like tsm fans . 
  i did n't say `` hate '' . 
  i said `` do n't like '' because i 'm probably neutral against tsm . 
  it was just an example i just saw in this thread . 
  not any other team but a tsm fan . 
  i do n't say all of tsm fans are like that , however my point remains . 
  as it sounds biased , there are many tsm fans like i gave an example more than any other team has . 
  probably reason of this is tsm being the most famous lol team in the na and probably world . 
  i did n't shit on na for that , it 's only natural to have international transfers in sports/e-sports . 
  tsm executed this pretty good . 
  i said `` they could x player from na instead of tsm player . '', 
  because you said `` na has the smallest player base . '', 
  no , na 's player base is actually good and promising . 
  but , big teams does n't like to take risks of course . 
  i do n't think there is any reason to hate all/fnc/c9 / lmq and many other lcs teams . 
  maybe you can hate players individually but the team organizations is n't anything like reginald or locodoco . 
  oh , maybe some people can hate leviathan ( all coach ) for his statements before worlds , but that 's unlikely . 
  no , i 'm giving an example about why i do n't like tsm fans . 
  generalizing a group basen on a few subjects would be plain wrong . 
  joe miller + deman + kobe/riv, 
  my perfect trios . 
  seriously , these do have many memorable moments like `` i do not believe !, 
  '' , `` lulululululu '' , `` bananas . 
  '' , `` guys are you still with me ? 
  '' , `` holy shit they win the game ! '' . 
  especially i really love deman and joe miller . 
  also , many memorable moments of league were casted by them like xpeke 's backdoor , clg.eu 's comeback against m5 , we vs. clg.eu match . 
  if it was n't these guys , i 'm not sure if i would get the same hype . 
  let 's say you do n't like nudist people . 
  one day you saw a nudist family and said `` fuck this , that 's why i do n't like nudist people ! '' . 
  is this generalizing ? 
  it 's not like i do n't support tsm . 
  i support tsm since they represent western scene in worlds . 
  but , i hate regi and loco . 
  and i 'm biased towards tsm fans , let me give my reasons . 
  if a team gets really big , it 's only natural for them to draw hate . 
  why is tsm 's fanbase is bigger than any other team ? 
  because of their success ? 
  their good attidude ? 
  are they doing some social works ? 
  no , their players were having fun and smashing people at some point , so many people liked them . 
  but , why are they still have the biggest fan base ? 
  because of bandwagoners , some immature people who does n't really follow e-sports scene with a tought about tsm being the best team in na . 
  in my opinion that 's why tsm has the worst fanbase in lol . 
  of course , there are many good guys and i ca n't generalize something over them . 
  but , there are also enough immature fans to make me biased towards tsm fans . 
  edit * oh , forgot to say , other reason why i do n't like tsm fans is they support an organization owned by the person i hate . 
  there are always some fans who will support no matter what regi & loco do/say . 
  even if they do n't support , being a fan mean you support that organization by some means . 
  you can buy stuff from them , you can advertise for them or you can just support them over reddit and twitch . 
  and by supporting , you accept their managers . 
  by accepting them , you indirectly give them the right to shittalk etc. 
  believe me , regi can be an asshole as he wants , because he would n't lose anything . 
  yeah , eu v na was just a joke at twitch , but some people got it serious and now here we are . 
  but , i think it 's good to have a competition between two western regions to make them better . 
  so , eu v na all the way !, 
  lol, 
  i will of course support tsm over ssw as they represent western scene in worlds , i hope they can accomplish the impossible . 
  also , i like tsm 's players , they have nothing to do my hate towards their management . 
  reginald whining to dyrus while he streams was the point for me to hate regi , anything after that point just added on top of that . 
  he can be a good guy sometimes or maybe he behaves really good behind the scenes , but the image he is giving us is n't convincing . 
  thanks for the conversation .
