  ummm ... my grammar actually sucks but i think both usages are correct , are n't they ? 
  negative * negative = positive, 
  all right , i got it . 
  thanks . 
  which is actually the only country that needs to accept before every other country . 
  it 's american controlled in the bigger picture since they 're the only true superpower but your point stands , america does n't control every action it 's allies take unlike russia seems to think so . 
  you can just have saudi arabia instead since western world seems to be on really good terms with them despite every isis-like action they make . 
  it seems they do n't know that dailysabah/sabah entirely belongs to erdo\u011fan . 
  he needs a stylish haircut to act like kim jong un though . 
  the idea is awesome though . 
  many countries could use variations of it . 
  not really . 
  there were many different names for the city because conquering istanbul was such a big deal at that time that they wanted to make city completely theirs including its name . 
  common names were konstantinopolis , konstantiniyye , islambol , istanbul , bab-\u0131 ali , dersaadet and many more . 
  ottoman sultans used everyone of them as they used every title they got such as caliphate and roman emperor together . 
  turkey only chose istanbul as the only official name . 
  fun fact : constantine the great actually named the city `` nova roma '' meaning `` new rome '' but people did n't like it and after his death they changed the official name of the city to konstantinopolis . 
  one of the 3 bridges over g\u00f6ksu in my homecity , silifke , was made by roman empire and it 's still looks solid as fuck . 
  it 's also the best looking one lol . 
  edit : i live in \u0130znik and last year we found remains of a basilica made by romans under the lake . 
  it 's actually unbelievable . 
  you 're welcome . 
  no , because according to the treaty of lausanne greece agreed to istanbul being a part of turkey . 
  turkey also agreed to greece sovereignty over dodecanese , rhodos and many other aegean islands but there are many smaller islands which were n't named in the lausanna . 
  turkey claims them because before lausanna these islands were belonged to ottoman empire and they were n't mentioned in lausanna . 
  greece claims them because these islands are part of the cluster islands which belong to greece and greeks see aegean sea as their own . 
  an example of an island which is claimed by both parties : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak, 
  so it 's pretty different and complicated . 
  turkey is n't georgia/ukraine . 
  they ca n't just * invade * them and get away with it . 
  you see , if things get out of control and russia tries to invade turkey they would probably be succesful in the end if they commit their everything to this . 
  so they also lose . 
  fighting with turkey is pointless for them and they know that . 
  so if br plays good it 's because br is a good region and if br plays bad it 's because of some bad conditions ? 
  sounds perfect . 
  i 'm turkish and i also do n't like turkish delight ... 
  i have no idea why its so popular . 
  yes . 
  these sanctions will definitely hurt turkey but not so much . 
  they will also hurt russia in the long term since turkish people invest less in russia . 
  there are ongoing boycott russian products campaigns here . 
  russia knows that they ca n't hurt turkey without damaging themselves as turkey is a big trade partner of russia so they chose a way to make a point and do minimal damage . 
  2nd biggest but only 5-10th strongest army depends on who you ask . 
  still i do n't think russia can invade turkey without committing everything which is quite pointless and harmful for them . 
  putin is aggressive and all but he is n't a retard , field war is not gon na happen . 
  hope so . 
  i think they will meet in paris , i hope they can find a way to make things better . 
  erdogan and putin are very similar leaders . 
  we had unstable goverments in the 90s and the last of them caused the biggest turkish economic crisis in our history . 
  then people voted for erdogan and ever since half of our nation see him as the gift of god . 
  he is a dictator-like , antidemocratic , scummy person but he is charismatic , smart , brave ( sometimes retardedly brave ) and actually managed to led turkey for a better way somehow . 
  i do n't support him because i think anything he did for the country ca n't justify the things he did to innocent journalists , soldiers , teachers and many others but even so i ca n't deny the thing he has done . 
  edit : by saying similar i did n't mean `` erdogan can also ride bears ! '' ... 
  i wish he could though lol, 
  finally someone who understands me !, 
  turks have a lot better delights than turkish delights such as k\u00fcnefe and baklava but the most famous one is turkish delight . 
  seeing every comment here ... only 20 years ago ex-yugoslavia countries were on the verge of war , bulgaria had major domestic problems . 
  greece was on the verge of bankruptcy just a year ago and still they are yet to recover . 
  i 'm not saying turkey is better than newer eu countries or turkey is % 100 worth the chance . 
  they probably wo n't even get the chance to join eu which is total bullshit to me because they spent millions of dollars to apply eu criterions just to be rejected in the end . 
  i 'm saying you people just hate turkey for the sake of hating . 
  turkey supported isis ? 
  they probably bought oil from them , used some of it and sold the rest to other g20 countries . 
  immigrants using turkey to go to europe ? 
  what were you expecting , turkey to hug all of the immigrants all by themselves ? 
  turkey started the war in syria ? 
  well they did n't , western powers did but turkey also supported them and currently they 're one of the biggest supporters of syrian war . 
  but that does n't make them the only responsible for this bullshit series of events . 
  it 's disgusting to see people here excluding themselves and blaming turkey just to make themselves innocent . 
  yes . 
  you should ignore all of it and pretend it never happened and you did n't do anything wrong . 
  they do n't completely deny it . 
  they accept that they killed armenians but they say it was a war and armenians also killed many turks so it does n't count as a massacre since both sides suffered lots of casualties . 
  turkey can also clear their act . 
  if you do n't give a chance how can you say `` well they 're bad so they will stay bad '' ? 
  i actually agree with this because of that `` jihad '' bullshit . 
  turkey has an increasing atheist population but it 's % 5-10 depending on who you ask but in the end most of the country is muslim . 
  but still better education makes better people . 
  turkey 's shooting russia indicates russia being disrespectful to to it 's allies more than anything . 
  i think turkey should n't have shot the jet , instead they should 've open fire with a warning intend . 
  but still i ca n't say russia did n't deserve this because of the earlier warning given by turkey and nato to them to not violate turkish air zone . 
  they still did it multiple times , in one of them a russian jet locked down to a turkish jet for more than 5mins . 
  it 's like you enter a person 's home and point a gun to his head . 
  this is not how an ally would act . 
  turkey actually has a steady and fast growing economy . 
  they also have 11th biggest gold reserves of all countries . 
  there is big gap with them and bigger european economies but turkey 's grow rate is bigger than almost every eu country . 
  tl ; dr : turkey can and in my opinion should get the chance but they need to improve and prove that they 're worth it . 
  with their current state eu in no way should let them join . 
  edit : now that i think again , erdogan should go to let them join . 
  he is too unstable and over aggressive . 
  they are joining your neighborhood because there is a fucking civil war in their country , they live with isis and many other terrorist organizations just because western countries did n't like assad and wanted to overthrow him . 
  but , yeah , whatever man , it 's not our problem let 's just ignore it all . 
  turkish people voted for erdogan ... 
  i agree with almost everything you said about erdogan but you ca n't ignore the fact that half of turkish nation voted for erdogan . 
  turkey is a weird country economy-wise . 
  but their economy is n't small . 
  they have the [ 18th biggest gdp ( nominal ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) ) and [ 17th biggest gdp ( ppp ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) ) which is higher than countries like sweden , switzerland , thailand , poland , netherlands etc. 
  of course this does n't indicate that turkish economy is better than the countries i mentioned but at least it means turkey is n't a 3rd world country and still growing fast . 
  maybe that 's why arabs and russians started to invest more and more in turkey , i do n't know .
