  shame i ca n't link since i 'm on mobile . 
  yep , this is it . 
  got it , thank you for explaining . 
  wish you best luck !, 
  and i 'm guessing you are one of the `` support mains '' op is talking about . 
  i agree with riot on this one . 
  sona was pretty much yorick of bot lane unless she meets with leona or alistar support which is unpopular as they mentioned in the changelogs . 
  i 'm not sure how this nerf will affect her laning phase though . 
  nice changes . 
  ahri buffs are on point , i do n't think they will buff her any more . 
  cassio nerfs were needed and they nerfed a good point . 
  without reducing her damage they 're trying to make her build tears/roa to define her weaknesses as weak early/strong late . 
  i was also expecting buffs to veigar . 
  edit : when i wrote this there were n't any indicator about removing damage amp from charm and i was n't expecting something like that . 
  up until i watched hanasaku iroha , i did n't like slice of life . 
  then i watched many slice of life series but hanasaku iroha was just so good in my opinion . 
  and [ that soundtrack ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhh4ziv0-zs ), 
  i tried this one but first episode made me sleep ... 
  does it get better ? 
  she was n't a high tier pick for a long time . 
  you sound so salty ... but you are so right . 
  riot is doing some weird things this time . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's % 36 of the time . 
  you monster ... 
  well olaf has cc immunity and true damage . 
   if j4 lands on xerath , he 's done . 
  tell this to froggen . 
  yeah !, 
  time to build rylai-hextech on her again !, 
  her laning was good . 
  and it will be better after these changes . 
  but her game after laning phase will become worse , maybe much worse . 
  q-w base damages are buffed . 
  he made it sound like olaf has nothing , i did n't say olaf/aatrox is better . 
  huh . 
  tagged . 
  i used to play osu !, 
  to warm up myself for lol/cs : go . 
  though i quit both of them but i still play osu ! . 
  they were affecting my grades . 
  here , take this . 
  sometimes i bite my lips softly . 
  seems like he did it on purpose since 2nd gif does n't really show who is running . 
  uhh ... so ? 
  we do ? 
  rurouni kenshin was pretty good though . 
  i really want this gif as 500x200 but i do n't know how to adjust it without losing quality . 
  can you do this for me please ? 
  or teach me how to adjust it , that would be so much better . 
  oh i mean when i adjust a gif to a different proportion it loses color quality for some reason . 
  is there a way to prevent this ? 
  a free man . 
  i think it was if not the best , one of the best live action adaptation from an anime , but that does n't mean it was better than the anime . 
  it gets better after you watch it for the 5th time . 
  be\u015fikta\u015f is atletico madrid of turkey . 
  inb4 liverpool e-sports 8 - 0 be\u015fikta\u015f e-sports, 
  i thought people would forget about it except turkish football fans ... 
  is n't the right translation for video 's title `` the change shall begin '' ? 
  anyways , being a be\u015fikta\u015f fan and hearing this feels pretty good . 
  well , turkey could n't have any player in lcs but we had 4 players in worlds . 
  i 'm still wondering if there was n't turkey server maybe we could have maybe 1-2 turkish players in lcs . 
  she sucks anyways so your build worth a shot . 
  kinda embarrassing to say because i 'm a be\u015fikta\u015f fan since my childhood . 
  e-sport was n't a serious business here before riot turkey opened up . 
  it 's getting better since then and i 'm hope you are right . 
  it was so obvious that i missed it . 
  title is n't misleading so it 's actually misleading for / r/leagueoflegends, 
  so na  eu ? 
  i like playing balanced champions . 
  i 'm gon na start playing ahri after they remove dfg but of course they should n't destroy her . 
  i want her balanced not shitty !, 
  they said lol is free to play ... 
  first of all , riot does n't do these to make happy us but to gain some $ $ $ . 
  it 's a business in the first place . 
  riot is doing their work pretty good actually . 
  it 's not like they made the new summoner 's rift to please us , their aim was of course gather new players . 
  anyways , i bought 150-200 skins , 3 ward skins , many other things with rp . 
  i think i 'm showing some gratitude . 
  c9 because they 're keeping na good without getting foreigner players . 
  and i fucking love sneaky & meteos . 
  elements because alliance because evil geniuses because clg.eu . 
  it would be better if they got krepo but anyways they still have froggen & wickd . 
  wickd is n't doing really bad . 
  edit : oh come on !, 
  i take back my words after this fight . 
  he really did well in the laning phase but getting caught a few times in a row is n't something good . 
  pick & ban phase lost the game for elements * again * . 
  they really need to work on it . 
  it 's okay to play passive early game or lose hard early game as long as they have a plan . 
  this comp 's plan was teamfighting while providing hard peel for graves but that does n't work against liss & rengar & xerath & annie . 
  even if they did better in the early game , they would lose anyways . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  you could always ask twitch chat ... 
  try elise . 
  i thought justicar syndra skin was banned in lcs . 
  which makes less image quality . 
  i respect froggen the most . 
  pretty much the same reasons as you mentioned . 
  well , he did n't change his role but he is a hardworking guy for sure . 
  his innovator style , i do n't mean sunfire cape on anivia i mean ghostblade-ie zed , first items morello-rylai 's ahri etc.
