  as for the real answer you are looking for , i think people are biased towards anime because it 's actually cartoon . 
  but , i do n't really care . 
  actually non of us do since we watch them anyways . 
  if you feel like you should n't watch it , then do n't . 
  everyone needs to be open to at least themselves which will eventually lead to being open to everyone . 
  `` planetes and shinsekai yori . 
  it will worth it . '', 
  5cm per second . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` 3rd part . 
  it told me that guy will never find a love like that again . 
  maybe it 's depressing for me because of a similar affair of mine , i dunno . '' ), 
  that ... that was unexpectedly good . 
  it was n't too much to complain imo . 
  erza vs. minerva was the fight what made me realize this . 
  up until then i was a fairy tail fan . 
  i still like it tho . 
  sakurasou no pet na kanojo . 
  error 404 not found . 
  beatiful . 
  doublelift 's reactions made this clip lol, 
  i usually do n't like shotcalling in solo q because i have so many bad memories about it . 
  i ca n't help but listen to shotcalls tho . 
  literary girl . 
  by the way , that part 's soundtrack is kinda emotional but it just becomes a `` attention !, 
  you will be laughing your ass off in a few minutes , get ready ! '', 
  track after watching 2 literary girl scenes . 
  being fed as fuck also helps . 
  when lee lands q `` cut cut cut ! '', 
  [ sjokz pls ] ( http://youtu.be/kqew_mkna5u?t=5m2s ), 
  beatiful . 
  nice stuff . 
  swag cards . 
  i think we all knew that alliance is n't the perfect team in terms of player skills . 
  yes , every one of them are good but not perfect as you said . 
  to be honest , no team can be perfect . 
  every team has their downsides in terms of player skills i mean . 
  every other problem you mentioned can be worked out with a coach . 
  maelk ( owner of alliance.lol ) said that they 're getting a experienced dota coach so i have full confidence with the team this season . 
  they everything to be succesful , they just need to adapt . 
  edit : from what you said about s5 changes , clg will be the best adapting team since both zion and dlift likes to split push all day long . 
  her ult does n't move with lee but the ball . 
  that 's how you are able to r-flash while the ball on yourself or how you fail the max range ultimates when the ball holder goes out of range . 
  so it should 've hit syndra . 
  edit : watched again . 
  the ball was in the opposite direction of syndra and it seemed like out of range with 1/10 teemo when thresh flay 'd lee so it should n't have hit her . 
  orianna 's ultimate is n't centered on the ball holder but the ball itself . 
  it 's boring in the beginning . 
  shinsekai yori 's strongest point is background story/world while providing good characters , a thrilling plot . 
  at the very start non of these are there . 
  watch more , you will like it . 
  some good points but overall i disagree . 
  ahri icon looks good actually . 
  i was n't following but did they also change her splash art 's derpy face to this ? 
  i mean updated version of her canceled splash art . 
  where is teemo ? 
  freezing . 
  you managed to upload it dude . 
  it 's okay . 
  i never thought i would ever see a comment like this in this subreddit after dark passage incident in worlds ... 
  instead how about practicing more and getting the control of axes ? 
  if riot is to give blood rush ignore unit collision just because of this reason then orianna , gnar , olaf , etc. 
  all of catching something champions should also get it . 
  solution is n't giving champs ignore unit collision abilities but fixing minion block to be more consistent . 
  to a grill : kimi no iru machi 's [ spoiler ] ( / s `` hospital scene where the girl and boy meets again but they pretend to not know each other '' ), 
  worked for my old gf . 
  all of them are girl . 
  i read `` matoi isshin '' as `` matoi ryuko '' ... 
  yellow things , blue things , a swordy thing , a shieldy thing , a skirty thing , 2 feet and 2 hands ... 
  seems like saber indeed . 
  first spoiler is exactly how i felt while watching . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` i did n't laugh to be honest but i felt like it . 
  it was just in the last couple of episodes i got so angry against that guy , ca n't remember his name , and when he said `` we are humans ! '', 
  i just went like fuck you . '' ), 
  zetsuen no tempest 10-11 [ spoiler ] ( / s `` where they argue about hakaze and time travel , it was so mind blowing '' ), 
  other are as everyone said shinsekai yori final , code geass r2 final , angel beats !, 
  3rd episode etc. 
  froggen cosplaying ryu . 
  seems like r = reignover . 
  i do n't have an idea about `` h '' tho . 
  froggen was the only player shining when alliance was losing everything in spring split . 
  same froggen was the only consistent player when the whole team was incostistent as fuck . 
  same froggen continued being consistent for the whole spring and summer splits . 
  he did n't make flashy plays but he did n't fail either . 
  his lulu , orianna , yasuo , ahri , gragas and even karthus was the best in eu . 
  he kinda likes to play supportive mid laners , he does n't go for kills but he deals the most damage . 
  i just do n't get how this `` froggen sucks on assassins , froggen ca n't play zed , fizz '' when he showed he can play them in summer split . 
  his fizz was bad in kabuum match , but their lose was n't his fault . 
  really weird . 
  i finished 1st season but it was boring . 
  i thought maybe it would get better as it goes on but 2nd season was more boring so i stopped watching it . 
  i think it 's not that bad but it 's just so boring . 
  if you stopped at first 2-3 episodes , try watching it again . 
  it gets better as it goes on . 
  but if you do n't like `` fuck logic , if you believe it will happen '' mentality ( aka ttgl mentality ) then there is nothing to do , you wo n't like kill la kill . 
  in the anime you are watching if there is an asshole , he is an asshole . 
  in the anime you are watching if there are 2 assholes , you have a bad luck . 
  in the anime you are watching if everyone is annoying assholes , you are asshole . 
  jokes aside , if you dropped it at ep9 , i recommend you to watch it again . 
  edit : i mean , it 's only a fan service-moe-comedy anime in the first episodes but it gets better and quite different at like 16-24 episodes . 
  but then again there are always fan service-moe-comedy elements .
