  could n't recognize him . 
  thanks . 
  he looks so different with his hair but i found a [ picture ] ( http://i.eurosport.com/2015/07/14/1639712-34792088-640-360.jpg ) that looks like his younger days . 
  if we go there russia and usa also supports is since is did n't get those weapons for free . 
  you ca n't control the individuals and there is no point blaming a whole country just because of some fucked up individuals . 
  we were non-existant in europe if we do n't count the last 2 years . 
  in one of those 2 years we could n't make it out of groups once ( our gk . 
  ) and in the other one we got eliminated against club brugge ( our gk ... ) in the quarter finals . 
  i mean we got into the champions league for the first time in the last 6 years . 
  but we have a nice team and a most of them are still young so we will probably rise in this list in a few years . 
  edit : we are going to play against benfica tonight . 
  they 're no barca or juventus but they 're pretty strong and experienced in europe and i think our performance tonight will be the biggest indicator of our team 's strength . 
  that did n't seem like an offside to me . 
  him , tosic and marcelo are doing pretty fine . 
  the rest seems lost though . 
  made me happy but i can understand where you come from . 
  buy option is 25m afaik so i 'm not sure if we can afford him . 
  oh come on how can you blame him for celebrating such a goal ? 
  was he supposed to apologize to you for scoring ? 
  that 's his job dude . 
  sounds like calhanoglu huh ? 
  tell that to cenk , hitting the ball with his leg instead of his foot ... 
  i mean every hero is good if you know how to get most out of him/her . 
  the things you said also goes for mor so i 'm curious which one of them you see better . 
  go job yourself . . ? 
  nice play !, 
  a few more samplings from old turkish songs then :, 
  [ mos def - supermagic ] ( https://youtu.be/wepcwexvjh8 ) sampled from [ selda ba\u011fcan - ince ince ] ( https://youtu.be/l2ew6jzfzc8 ) . 
  i guess dr. dre also used this song as a sample in one of his songs , probably a song called issues but every video of that song is muted on youtube . 
  [ fashawn ft. busta rhymes - out the trunk ] ( https://youtu.be/wm6gaivabu4 ) sampled from [ mo\u011follar - obur d\u00fcnya ] ( https://youtu.be/5qayxxnf0pk ) . 
  edit : a few more , but since i 'm on mobile and i 'm lazy there wo n't be hotlinks this time but you can find them easily . 
  the weeknd - often =  n\u00fckhet duru - ben sana vurgunum ( this one is almost unrecognizable since the effects ), 
  nelly furtado - wait for you =  muhlis akarsu - allah allah desem ( it 's actually a religious poem written like 550-600 years ago ), 
  and ugly, 
  you usually get the idea though probably because most of the people already use broken turkish . 
  jesus christ dude chill the fuck down . 
  seemed like a penalty to me but i 'm still not certain because they did n't show a closer angle . 
  consistency . 
  dembele , mor and pulisic on the same team . 
  not to mention other great young talents like weigl , guerreiro or passlack . 
  it 's almost like the guys at bvb are playing fm . 
  2002 to 2008 , yes , erdogan 's biggest success . 
  2008 to now , not really . 
  our economic growth gets worse each year . 
  in fact many economists predict thay we will have a big economic crisis in a few years due to this decline and spending on wrong targets that wo n't help us grow in the long term . 
  i used to feel bad for the people living under dictatorships . 
  now i 'm one of them . 
  lol no . 
  still too hard since people always pick rein , winston , lucio , zarya or mei on their team . 
  it 's becomes more like a luck thing after that . 
  money stuff . 
  basically him and some senior players like burak , sel\u00e7uk had an arguement with the officials and between themselves because of money issues . 
  it 's not that they were n't paid , our team actually had the biggest bonus payments in the entire tournament . 
  but they wanted to get paid more to perform better and disturbed the team . 
  oh and also arda got booed by the crowd in our 2nd match 's 60-65th minute in the groups because he was playing like shit . 
  he was n't pressing as usual , he was almost holding the team back . 
  he stopped playing for real , then after the match he made some statements like `` i 'm gon na find who booed me and i 'm gon na make them pay for that '' . 
  we expected him to lead the team , he held the team back . 
  there is a reason why a inexperienced no-namer like emre mor became the most liked player here while there are players like arda in the squad . 
  hard to not to agree with terim on this decision . 
  edit : in my opinion unless arda publicly apologizes it 's right to exclude him . 
  national teams are more about the spirit than the names as we saw with iceland , 2008 turkey , 2002 turkey , 2004 greece , 2002 south korea etc. 
  skill wise , yeah . 
  character and service wise , not by a long shot . 
  it 's not about form or about you . 
  national team is something that players should want to play in . 
  it 's not something that you play for money . 
  we do n't have any other forward talents than enes . 
  i just hope that he can carry that pressure . 
  yes . 
  and this is why he is n't called this time . 
  we had him in our squad even when he was underperforming . 
  emre is more of a winger , i meant that we do n't have any striker talents except enes \u00dcnal . 
  same here . 
  but i 'm happy that he 's back . 
  he 's a good player and it seems like germans rate him pretty high and we lack good and consistent defenders lately . 
  in fact mehmet topal who played only a few games as a defender in his entire career ( and those were some shit performances ) played as defender in the euros . 
  nobody blames him , he did what he can but we needed and still need someone better for that position that 's for sure . 
  this is not a small buff but agreed it 's a nice and probably a needed buff . 
  it can redefine the most common turret places and it can change how you play torbjorn . 
  but since torbjorn does n't see higher level of play i 'd say that this is a needed change . 
  and this also kind of increases torbjorn skill cap . 
  i like that . 
  i think we can try enes since cenk in the national team is usually worse than cenk in be\u015fikta\u015f . 
  not sure about mevl\u00fct though . 
  this is probably why boris johnson is n't promoted in turkey . 
  we like to talk about succesful turks who live in other countries like dr. oz . 
  yeah . 
  totally makes sense . 
  i mean , who would put his country 's interests in front of his own dead ancestor 's even when that said country made him who he is ? 
  not boris johnson apparently . 
  this . 
  erdogan is n't talking out of his mind this time . 
  he wants what is promised . 
  that said , i do n't think that he will get visa-free travel , not that i mind though . 
  but it will be interesting to see how europe reacts on something they promised but do n't want to deliver . 
  my cousin went to america to study as usual a month ago so there may be other reasons but i ca n't make a claim . 
  tell that to muslims . 
  oh , and good luck with that !, 
  current islam is kinda like the christinanity before the reform .
