  welcome to the sewer skewers for everybody !, 
  you know , they actually seem right to me ... 
  if you are n't informed or educated enough about what you 're voting for , democracy fails . 
  this is what is happening in turkey . 
  this is what happene in brexit . 
  now i get why our media presents hillary clinton as a better canditate than donald trump . 
   your football team was terrible . 
  ouch . 
  the thing is we do n't completely deny it . 
  we see it as the armenian rebellion and the civil war afterwards with ottoman supporters as the winning side . 
  this is great . 
  well ... op ` nin ana means op 's mom in turkish . 
   kremlin says, 
  i do n't have a grudge against england but seeing iceland winning against one of the lesser favorites makes me happy . 
  dracula untold . 
  it was cringy all along but still at least if you name your god damn movie `` untold '' then make a movie about the things that actually happened and never made it to the dracula movies before . 
  but no let 's portray dracula as the best father and ruler possible and make him a vampire because all he wants is to save his family from ottomans because they wanted his son . 
  for fucks sake at least portray this better , ottomans didnt especially go for high borne children it was up to them . 
  anyways , one of the worst * historical * movies i 've ever watched . 
  the program that made me quit winamp . 
  only downside is the nerdy look of it otherwise it 's awesome . 
  a friend of mine : where is the capital of the us ? 
  other friend : uhmm ... new york i guess . 
  we burst into laugh . 
  while we 're laughing :, 
  another friend : lol smartass it 's the capital of england . 
  this happened when i was a high schooler . 
  no , of course not . 
  i mean , for example utorrent is also very simplistic but it does n't look nerdy . 
  tixati on the other hand looks nerdy as hell . 
  it 's better than utorrent in every aspect except the looks though . 
  it was the injuries though not the bad transfer choice . 
  i 'm still wondering if he can perform as good as his peak level just like he did before he got injured . 
  i just hope that portugal wins this . 
  it 's impossible for me to like this france . 
  so much antipathism in one team it 's almost a success . 
  after all the comments from french people that call people `` salty '' this comment seems like the best comment on this thread to me . 
  salty . 
  because most of the country wants to make it better and since this is a subjective thing it does n't usually work out . 
  and there are some powerful people that want a worse country to stay powerful . 
  and obviously that does n't help . 
  if you do n't have a good flow of cash through oil , gas , minerals and/or foreign help from the likes of economically better european countries helping each other or usa helping japan and south korea to keep them strong against ussr and china threats it 's almost impossible to maintain a healthy growth . 
  basically the wealth is limited globally and to make a country wealthy other one needs to be poor . 
  of course there are many other criterias to define a good country but in my opinion most of the criterias that define a good country comes through education and a strong economy is a must have if you want to provide a good education . 
  why is this even news worthy ? 
  is there any other country without an organization to restore it to its older glory ? 
  oh please . 
  this is reddit . 
  if you do n't generalize reddit in an instant and make bullshit statements you 're seen as a crazy person from / r/aww . 
  everyone does . 
  but there is a difference between wanting the team you support to be successful and supporting the successful teams just because they happened to be successful . 
  / s is for pussies . 
  now that 's a name i did n't hear in a while . 
  sabri sar\u0131o\u011flu you mean ? 
  well i guess a show match does n't hurt a professional player . 
  he does n't have to play his ass off . 
  the star you do n't need but you deserve . 
  hope they mind ffp . 
  let 's say you are thinking of doing a coup with a small part of the army to make all of the army side with you . 
  would you block the bridges and waste your limited manpower ? 
  or would you go straight to the heads of the state to make the most of your soldiers ? 
  i do n't get how people still say that coup was n't a false flag . 
  lol, 
  the most important leader was erdogan but there are plenty of others too like the current pm . 
  what i 'm saying is that blocking bridges and all seems luxury when you have only 2000-3000 men against the police forces and the rest of the army . 
  % 3 is n't exactly a significant portion though . 
  most of the turks do n't consider themselves as europeans . 
  not even the secular kemalist turks such as myself . 
  yeah , we know that . 
  i do n't know why but i always felt a sympathy towards nz . 
  wellington seems like a great city to live in . 
  when i try to go abroad after i 'm done with university ( only if turkey does n't fall into complete chaos before that ) i will definitely try to go there . 
  that and the perception is that eu is associated with modernism so erdogan is milking it to get votes . 
  what he 's doing is pretty good politics though got ta give him that . 
  he is pretending to be interested in eu membership and the fact is that eu ca n't ignore the countries that want to join makes people here think that eu needs us because they show interest in turkey even when we 're not sure about joining . 
  to simplify it : erdogan is kinda like putin in a sense . 
  they both made their country wealthier but also less democratic . 
  similar to erdogan then . 
  they followed the economic patterns of the older government and they succeeded with it because they did n't have to deal with things like 1999 marmara earthquake along with indirect advertisements of turkey with 2002 world cup , 2003 eurovision and 2004 olympics successes . 
  the thing is if they did care in the past we could be in a much different situation than today . 
  with past i mean like 15-20 years ago before erdogan came into power . 
  you see , there was a lot of anger towards the western nations because people thought eu is a christian organization and that 's why they will never accept turkey so that 's one of the reasons why erdogan gained lots of supporters when he started his campaign in the earlier 00s . 
  i 'm not blaming eu because turkish people are proved to be unstable but i 'm saying that turkey would be much different with support from eu . 
   now erdogan has too much political capital to be stopped by words . 
  we will wait the next opportunity to exclude turkey from the west . 
  it will undoubtedly then turn to russia , and will live to regret it . 
  i do n't know how you came into this conclusion but apparently you do n't have any idea about how the turks see the russians . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  not even with this retarded madman aka erdogan . 
  inb4 liverpool becomes the champion . 
  well he has got 1 from my fair share of downvotes i do n't know about others though . 
  i still do n't get it ... 
  his reaction makes it even better . 
   she should have instead reacted with mass deportations dumped on turkeys doorstep plus troops to secure the border , build the fences . 
  great idea mate . 
  i ca n't believe that merkel could n't think of this . 
  you seem like a really smart guy you really should pursue a politics career i 'm sure you would do much better than merkel . 
  it 's the turkish spelling of `` football '' too . 
  you forgot konyaspor and osmanl\u0131spor . 
  both sides need a new path .
