  this is something most of the pro players are afraid of . 
  ever since the worlds , he does n't seem as the best mid laner in eu to many people but still he is the best in my eyes . 
  edit : englando, 
  what the fuck happened ? 
  [ it 's still 30fps here . 
  oh ... my internet is too shitty for that ... whatever i think i would n't be able to watch it smoothly even if it was 480p60 lol, 
  i remember snoopeh trying malzahar jungle once ... 
  the game where alex ich got his infamous kha ` zix pentakill . 
  i was listening some music while watching lcs . 
  i guess i have to listen to the casters now , i fucking love getting hyped by casters !, 
  getting camped is what happens to wickd in every fucking game but no one mentions that here . 
  from what i see here it 's more like `` he gets camped because he is so bad bench him omfggg he started 0-2 so fucking bad wtf '' and that 's not a criticism at all . 
  poe 's got all 3 kills just by hitting the final hit . 
  he missed shockwave pretty badly and got double kill there . 
  then nyph did something i do n't even get , poe got the final hit there too . 
  do you remember his slick flash from lissandra e-w yesterday ? 
  in that 40mins they did n't let njws to get any objective . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  and he lost his lane pretty badly , worse than wickd . 
  wickd was at least ahead at farm and pretty close at gold . 
  morellonomicon - rylai 's rush iirc, 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  seems legit . 
  that 's what i understand too !, 
  everytime i see a janna , i 'm gon na remember this ... and i do n't know what to feel about this ... 
  fucking vigoss dude . 
  i still remember his crazy ass builds like rushing necronomicon on akasha or rushing dagon on puck . 
  i have full trust in maelk . 
  he knows how the works are done in e-sports , he is in this business for more than a decade . 
  i think what you are saying defines reddit better . 
  everyone has an opinion about everything they do n't even know . 
  so much gold ... 
  i think judgment kayle is the rarest skin i have . 
  actually many people do n't even know what that skin is . 
  hey hey i 'm from na too but i still got ta say tr is the strongest region . 
  undeserved ? 
  coast took a huge risk and it failed badly . 
  tell me how they deserved to win after they made this horrible mistake . 
  upvoted because of that reference . 
  obviously . 
  lol, 
  i 'm in love with this bot . 
  no one gave me a penta before so i do n't even know if it 's the worst feeling ever ... 
  obviously it 's not sarcasm . 
  pc games are the reason why i 'm able to write in english . 
  i ca n't talk in english fluently though . 
  especially warcrat 3 and wow . 
  quinn is an adc and this post is about ad carries . 
  her optimal lane is irrelevant . 
  i think there are only 2 of us . 
  quinn is designed as an marksman and her intended role was adc . 
  she is also a very succesful bot laner but she falls off pretty hard in teamfights compared to other ad carries/marksmen . . that 's why she is played as an split pusher assasin . 
  that 's because of her ult . 
  right now , no one is picking ashe even when they need an engage because sivir does that so much better than ashe . 
  seems like they already lost the game . 
  being behind in kills , multiple levels , 3 dragons , 10k + gold basically means you lost the game even with that wombo combo . 
  if you ca n't fight them there is no point in that wombo combo . 
  probably zion was also aware of this but he was just too salty so when seraph sold his items he blamed him for the lose . 
  i 'm using smarcast except some aoe or click & drag abilities . 
  i do n't use smartcast on rumble ult , viktor e , cho ` gath q , heimerdinger q-w , vi q , varus q , gragas q-r and mostly abities like these . 
  relevant flair . 
  first 2 years would be interesting . 
  it would be a romcom then it turns to a more dramatic way . 
  last 2 years however would be boring as fuck . 
  classic university life with anime & pc games . 
  i like tails . 
  he started to stream again . 
  i just want to try vladimir against fizz . 
  fizz could out-trade him , out-burst him , out-damage him in the early game . 
  just because he could dodge the shark with the pool does n't make him strong against fizz at all . 
  but now grievious wounds has gone , vlad can go toe-to-toe against fizz maybe . 
  rolling your dick across the keyboard is a bit far but i agree that xerath is problematic champion to lane against . 
  laning against xerath is a problem but not because of his long range abilities but because of his passive . 
  his mana sustain is too good and after he gets a mana regen item he can just spam q on you for days . 
  and then he gets blue buff ... 
  still you can dodge them but after getting hit by 2 qs , it becomes a survival lane . 
  not funny at all . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i tried to say since you said `` vlad was strong vs fizz pre-nerf already . '', 
  i do n't think that dodgeable q is a bad idea . 
  but , i think dodging q should be harder than just walking away . 
  if the target uses an escape ability or flash , then it 's fine . 
  people always bitched about e but in my opinion fizz 's most problematic part was urchin strike . 
  an undodgeable hard nuke with w-lichbane - ( sometimes ) dfg with short cd and low mana cost is just bad . 
  maybe they hit too hard to it 's damage , but i think it should be dodgeable at least . 
  username : satellizerlb, 
  reason : freezing was the first anime i 've ever watched back in 2011 . 
  i also really like satellizer word alone . 
  results though ... 
   do n't hold back . 
  that 's the problem with me . 
  you can win the lane so hard but you ca n't kill him whatever you do . 
  and after getting to 15-20mins mark he just 1 shots you . 
  i think i 'm doing something wrong against veigar but could n't figure out yet . 
  took me a while to understand . 
  for my nickname i would 've picked kurousagi though ... 
  i was a big fan of guitar hero and always loved rhytm games . 
  one day when i got bored of lol i searched for a new rhytm game and found osu ! . 
  it was n't the type i wanted at that time and i hated hitsounds . 
  but i liked taiko mode so i started to play taiko only . 
  after 2 years , i wanted to try classic mode again and installed a skin .
