  they deleted meta posts along with every comment includes a link to riotfreelol subreddit . 
  this is the only one i made a comment : http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/35ak0l/metamods_deleting_comments_criticizing_them/, 
  i do n't get why you made an example of an shitpost and told `` this is a shitpost so others are '' , no sense . 
   it 's a drastic thing to change , but if the community wants to give it a shot , we want to show them how it will end up so they will want us back . 
  ftfy, 
   spam spree, 
  they were about the removal of threads which were n't exactly transperent . 
  people were mostly asking about what is a joke/meme thread because some of them stayed at the top meanwhile you deleted some of them . 
  yes , you do n't usually delete them , you only delete them when they include some serious criticism . 
  maybe that 's the intention of mods . 
  `` you will be free to post porn , hentai , memes and any other shitpost to / r/lol but rick ronaldo ruiz content will still be banned cause reasons . 
  by the way , if you want us back just modmail xoxo . '', 
  after seeing how you deleted every comment that includes richardo ruiz or a link to a other sub when c9 incarnati0n was announced , i find deleting meta threads because of some comments that harass/insult the moderation nonsense . 
  i do n't exactly know how i 'm sounding but i do actually trust our moderation . 
  except the behaviours like i mentioned or this thread . 
  it feels like mods do n't respond to the things they do n't like yet you are now responding to my bitching . 
  i think we just want more consistency and trasnparency . 
  well most of us know that modfree sub with nearly 700k subs will become an awful place . 
  i ca n't see any other reason for this thread except that `` hey you need us like it or not '' meanwhile the majority ( i think it was the majority ) just wanted you to be more consistent and transparent . 
  it was already like this with patch 5.8, 
  sorry , i edited `` rick ronaldo ruiz '' to `` rick ronaldo ruiz content '' which was my intention . 
  i know that he should stay banned unless you decide to unban him which i actually do n't want . 
   adapt or shut up . 
  first of all , thanks for giving the most valuable advice to ever exist . 
  building mr is n't any different for tanks in the early game because they need to farm up and get the mr-armor-hp items and they can still purchase some armor-hp before midgame since spectre 's cowl is cheap . 
  building mr for fighters is optional because they can very well still build their core items and fight rumble . 
  building hourglass for mages on the other hand is a build delay because they need to purchase mana regen item first to do their magic stuff continuously . 
   we 'll do our best . 
  that 's all i wanted to hear , thanks . 
  i 'm against to what they 're doing , not the people behind it . 
  i actually respect our mods and like most of them . 
  yeah , it 's almost like / r/lol has thousands of subs !, 
  `` agreed '', 
   can i just make something clear ... 
  yes . 
  yes , you can . 
  i allow you to make something clear . 
   it 's time consuming, 
  not really . 
  all they have to do is writing the nickname that got banned with the reason . 
  it 's not like they 're banning people 7/24 so it 's not really time consuming . 
  [ tagged . 
  reason can just be the rule it broke like '' \u2718 content unrelated to league of legends . '', 
  i am a wizard . 
  what the fuck lol, 
  here you go mate :, 
   super silly drama, 
  well yeah . 
  even if he ghosted that does n't change the fact that he is a good player . 
  but he should n't ghost , that 's not ethical for anyone . 
  team name : we tilt, 
  and the tag would be : wet, 
  i think what annoyed him is the fact that americans are calling it * foot * ball but playing it mostly with * hands . 
  relax man , that was just my opinion about what he said at this part :, 
   i hate the fact americans call ` football ' a game where they take the ball with their hands most of the time . 
  one for the sports club other one for e-sports club . 
  no idea why there 2 of them but i like it . 
  is messi spanish ? 
  or robben is german ? 
  they 're imports for a reason . 
  they 're playing for na but they are n't north american players . 
   and it seems like the common believe of `` tsm wins anything related to fan votes on reddit '' turns out to be so wrong . 
  i think it 's because most of the non-na users here voted for c9 . 
  well it 's not that easy . 
  for jungler there are svenskeren and dexter . 
  i 'm not sure how dexter will perform was he was a beast with clg except the 2nd half of the summer split but that tilt was because of team environment . 
  for mid laner there are poe , xpeke , froggen , ryu . 
  for ad there are forg1ven , freeze and tabzz . 
  i did n't say they won though ... 
  and [ yellowstar ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyal8amxp3u ), 
  it 's the same with sejuani for me . 
  sejuani on my team : does n't have any idea about how to jungle and usually goes 0-2-0 for 20 minutes . 
  probaby because they just pick her because she is op . 
  sejuani on enemy team : snowballs all of his lanes and wins the game with some good ultimates . 
  religion stuff is something sensitive in turkey especially for young people . 
  probably they banned naru because calling someone `` heavy muslim '' is a suggestive negative thing . 
  as an atheist who lives in turkey we also suffer from this `` sensitive religion '' stuff . 
  i do n't think he should 've been banned for this . 
  maybe he could make a sorry tweet but banning him for 6 games does n't seem justified to me . 
   only an atheist could interpret negative but a truly atheist should n't give a fuck about religion so i do n't see the offence . 
  as i said religion is sensitive in turkey , please do n't compare it to a truly secular country . 
  it 's not a completely negative thing but suggestive . 
  many arabic words are seemed by muslims as holy words meanwhile their turkish/persian meanings seem as normal words . 
  even `` allah '' word comes from `` el ilah '' which means `` the god '' in arabic . 
  but the word for the god in turkish which is `` tanr\u0131 '' considered a normal word while allah means something else with more holy meaning . 
  yeah . 
  we were probably the only secular muslim country in the world before erdogan . 
  that irelia splash art is beatiful . 
  he is saying wickd & froggen could be there too if they were n't to get reverse sweeped . 
  how is this any related to lustboy ? 
  this thread is about the players who accomplished a unique thing ( deft , lustboy ) and the comment is about another 2 players who were so close to accomplish it ( froggen , wickd ) . 
  and op is pointing this out with mentioning the reverse sweep they got from cj entus frost . 
  seems like a winking girl whose mouth is taped to me . 
  i think he plays viktor . 
   that 's for someone who 's a good trader . 
  how about a bad one ? 
  take karthus :, 
   safe :, 
  i love farm lanes !, 
  why get closer ?
