  kereste : kereste means `` timber '' in turkish . 
  it 's also a slang word for `` dense person '' . 
  mostly used for male people . 
  so , kawaii kereste = a dense male who watches anime while being cute . 
  they knew faker was going to play it so they played it earlier . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  it 's funnier for me because `` hewal '' is kurdish word for `` friend '' which we use in some jokes in turkish . 
  literally god, 
  which part of youtube 's ui is bad may i ask ? 
  gives sexual meaning to the content . 
   needs to, 
  downvoted . 
  and i will have my exams from march 30 to april 13 . 
  fuck my life . 
   edit : holy shit , why are so many people on when i post at 6 am o. o, 
  mostly because it 's not 6 am in the whole world . 
  i hate you ... 
  obviously sao . 
   urgot has always been viable . 
  come on ... 
   a lot of you are wondering why i did n't separate bot lane into adc/support . 
  there was a separate question about which role people wanted to play and i did n't want to combine the roles ( marksman/support ) with the lane ( bottom ) because i know there are people who play bot lane with atypical champs . 
  there are also many people who likes to play tanks no matter top or jungle . 
  same with mage players who do n't care about mid or top with the champs like liss , vlad , lulu etc. 
  just cc him when he ults ... 
  no fucking way . 
  by that logic , get a big lead then ddos yourself to guarantee your win . 
  it 's not about a lead or something , it 's more about a fair battle . 
  ever since dade showed respect to xpeke at s3 worlds i always thought he is a respectable guy . 
  i believe him . 
  yeah . 
  many korean/chinese players did n't even shake hands after they lost while dade was respecting his opponent . 
  edit : not korean but chinese . 
  thanks for the correction / u/ladybaron, 
  a trade got out of hand . 
  so now we hate voyboy too ? 
  i started to play normal drafts instead of ranked just because of this . 
  then read again . 
  there are many comments from the users of wtfast . 
  do you think you and edward are the best bot lane in europe ? 
  it 's because while speaking english you need to think english and this is hard for someone whose mother language is n't english . 
  huni is thinking korean and translating it before he speaks therefore he is n't fluent at all . 
  but his english is good if you consider he never left korea before . 
  being cute or funny is irrelevant in this matter . 
  xwx is also a cute guy but his english was n't good when i last listened to him . 
  in my opinion , saying `` his english is n't good because there are koreans who speaks better english . '', 
  is nonsense . 
  needs more \u00c7alhano\u011flu . 
  i 've only watched from 37 ' to the end of the first half . 
  call me biased but this referee is as blind as my grandmother who has cataract . 
  as a non-native english speaker what is bipolar ? 
  i think he already is one of the best western junglers . 
  oh the times when froggen was easily the best mid in eu . 
  thanks ^_^, 
  i first thought it was a common thing as a reaction to / u/hubertoi 's reply . 
  i think it `` manik depresif '' in turkish and i know what it is . 
  thanks . 
  woah . 
  xdddddddddd, 
  shinsekai yori final scene ? 
  come on man [ spoiler ] ( / s `` they are human . '' ), 
  i watched freezing . 
  not my skin, 
  there is a counter-play . 
  it 's called dodging . 
  same thing happened with my laptop too . 
  it 's able to run lol with 60fps , probably would 've been higher if it 's screen lets higher than 60 , but when i use lsi it gets dropped to 10-20fps . 
  diamond 5 is worse . 
  / u/trollabot - satellizerlb, 
  alright !, 
  it 's like turkey has some players with potential but riot turkey does n't do anything about it . 
  i believe dark passage or maybe team turquality 's old line-up could be so much better . 
  the best loading screen concept , hands down . 
  i do n't know ... as a be\u015fikta\u015f fan it feels pretty good to me . 
  because http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fotmpia0-eq, 
  if this was football , br would wreck us tho . 
  i want revenge !, 
  i know since it 's a wildcard region it does n't count but darius was played in tr . 
  unicorn tuckers, 
  i think you got it wrong ... 
  this is perfect . 
  and ? 
  indeed , it definitely was n't udyr . 
  i feel violated ... 
  i think in that case he would n't comment about it . 
  i think you also ca n't take forellonlord 's case and apply it to everyone . 
  nukeduck was a top 3 mid when he was playing with lemondogs , pobelter is the one who carries winterfox usually . 
  meteos made cloud 9 to the best team in na . 
  and i bet incarnati0n knows what to do and what not to do with a lcs team since he coached 2 teams before . 
   it 's fun , other people think it 's fun , and balance updates come almost every month or so, 
  you almost made it sound like they 're doing a favor to us . 
  we are playing their game and we buy their stuff so they naturally have to do these to keep us playing at least . 
  it 's a business not a charity . 
  updating client/replay system is important because lol is an e-sport . 
  i mean maybe the biggest e-sports game does n't have an official replay system . 
   rekkles ' great positioning, 
  well i would n't call `` staying safe so dealing litte damage or bitching out '' as `` great positioning '' . 
  expensive level : bullshit, 
  he was good with fnatic , one of the best in the west . 
  mostly because of soaz and yellowstar 's playstyle though .
