  for example , fnatic 's 7 match lose streak at spring split . 
  but , you are right . 
  mage top like lulu/leblanc , alistar top , irelia top , ahri mid etc. 
  innovated by eu lcs players . 
  also , trist mid innovated by voyboy . 
  actually , korean players innovating more than western players but if it was n't ogn format maybe they would be more reckless . 
  i was expecting this music since you used original one in 1st video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uddhtpokciq, 
  music ruined the title ... 
  otherwise amazing video as always !, 
  i dropped from d3 to d4 . 
  that 's not funny riot ... you could 've warn us or something . 
  i 'm not saying these tracks are bad or are n't fitting . 
  they 're amazing and your editing is the best i 've ever seen in lol montage videos . 
  but , i naturally expect ca n't defeat airman when i read the title ... 
  please make a 3rd one !, 
  why do you call people who are n't good at this game stupid ? 
  play osu ! . 
  that is madlife 's and only madlife 's decision !, 
  yep , music was good . 
  it just did n't fit with the title . 
  `` ca n't defeat the mafia graves '' originates from `` ca n't defeat the airman '' a japanese song which is made for a game but somehow became a meme . 
  he used it in 1st video as music and i expected he would use ca n't defeat the airman 's best known remix/cover this time . 
  i do n't know what i expected ... not dissappointed . 
  i 'm not sure about this , why do n't you make a topic about this at riot 's forum for example ? 
  we also have balls in c9 tho . 
  i think riot does n't care as long as players do n't choose their name absurdly . 
  quinn already is so strong at top lane and her split pushing power does n't need to be buffed . 
  quinn does n't need to be a viable pick , she is n't designed to be one with that range in my opinion . 
  but , she can be very strong with the right composition just like vladimir , miss fortune , diana etc. 
  til, 
  [ do n't lose your way . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vygfm5cgnoo ), 
  poor lucian :( almost got one shotted . 
  holy shit alliance hype is fucking real . 
  tournament ? 
  that was n't a tournament . 
  just a compilation of showmatches where teams did n't give a single fuck . 
  that 's why we love twitch chat . 
  i know crystal meth nick is somewhat immature too . 
  riot turkey does n't give a fuck about player 's names if they do n't choose something a verbal harassment or like . 
  maybe riot did n't want to interfere with riot turkey so they ended up with applying that name . 
  source about riot turkey 's policy : i 'm turkish . 
  bastion voice pack swiftrage, 
  i did n't even know that . 
  i think that should be the reason why newly formed alliance roflstomped dignitas . 
  ocelote was streaming that game so dp kinda trolled according to their official announcement . 
  but , even if they were playing to their best , would they win ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i 'm a turkish and i also do n't see dp making out of groups . 
  but , this thread is wrong . 
  there are 5 players in that team and they 're about to play in worlds . 
  dp won the wildcard tournament against the teams worldwide including oce winner which i expected to win . 
  i mean , that was their dream all along . 
  before circlejerking think about people 's feelings . 
  making jokes or criticizing people/teams should be all right but saying `` no offense '' with that kind of thread does n't make it just a `` funny '' thread . 
  edit : there always are some teams like that in world championships like fifa world cup . 
  remember when senegal eliminated france in 2002 . 
  no one expected it , but they managed to do . 
  if they can take 1 win or more , this can affect the outcome of whole worlds . 
  that 's what it makes a big tournament in my opinion . 
  seems like fnatic wants to be a contender . 
  well , according to ** reddit ** they 're not . 
  but seriously , fnatic will make a surprise this year too . 
  i believe in them . 
  considering their past , they being the 2nd seed is a surprise . 
  considering their s4 performance however , it 's not a surprise . 
  what i meant is , even if they underperformed this season they have the potential and experience to surprise everyone this worlds . 
  ottoman empire was the most powerful empire once upon a time , but they are n't even present anymore . 
  history means nothing if you ca n't improve yourself while others do . 
  i never imagined the day when we will talk about my dick 's size will come in reddit . 
  thanks , sir . 
  it 's not that big so i ca n't join the big dick club . 
  never gets old . 
  is that the same thread we are talking about ? 
  if so , 2 of 3 most liked comments were exactly like / u/rafal _ t5 described . 
  people are just waiting for alliance to fuck up since leviathan said `` we are even or ahead of koreans . '', 
  actually loco said `` we got a game against all . '', 
  1 game does n't mean winning or losing right ? 
  rip dp, 
  i can see the comments if c9 makes it out not alliance ... and that 's not a low possibility . 
  people are underestimating c9 for some reason . 
  group c seems like the death group but in my opinion group d also has no favourite . 
  shield seems the strongest but surprises happen as happened to samsung ozone last year . 
  rip alliance hype ... it was nice to have hope ... 
  in my opinion : challenger  diamond  gold  platinum  silver , in terms of borders . 
  plat borders seems like a gold border colored to some blue tone . 
  funny thing is , gold color is more beatiful . 
  most of their fans are 12 years old kids in turkey and people who do n't follow e-sports scene . 
  so , yeah , you are so right . 
  so we have morgana mid players , morgana support players and morgana top players . 
  there also are some morgana jungle players . 
  anyone tried morgana adc ? 
  i started to feel like morgana is the kayle of this era . 
  lulu : started to playing in mid/top lane , got nerfed hard . 
  this also effected her support abilites . 
  alistar : started to playing jungle role in s2 , got nerfed hard . 
  this also effected his support abilities . 
  wukong : started to playing jungle role , got nerfed . 
  this also effected his top lane trading . 
  soraka : started to playing mid role , got nerfed into oblivion .
