  zetsuen no tempest ep10-11 [ spoiler ] ( / s `` where yoshino and samon argued about time travel and hakaze . 
  the whole dialogue was godlike . '' ), 
  11th is goddamn legendary . 
  everytime i see it i giggle . 
  yeah , they made me feel like retarded . 
  hey that 's cruel :'(, 
  spoilers in titles are forbidden . 
  so , using `` epic meteos kick '' title is fine but `` epic meteos kick that won the final game against uol '' is forbidden . 
  which means , actually no one really went against the rules here with the titles , yet there are lots of people who says `` omg why spoiler meteos kick uol so alliance lost '' . 
  i just wanted to give an example about this subreddit 's ruling . 
  i know even the title is spoiler-free , you can have some ideas about who will win etc. 
  i 'm not even surprised since most of the voting people do n't even really follow e-sports scene . 
  it 's like they only remember the kabum vs alliance ( which is n't forgettable ) so they vote for it . 
  it would be cool if the title was `` biggest upset of the year '' . 
  but with so many better games , voting a big upset for the best is n't appropriate . 
  he is in a good way though . 
  i ca n't say i 've never skipped it tho . 
  shinsekai yori . 
  i was n't aware of that anime and while i was browsing through some series , shinsekai yori 's theme made me interested and i started watching it . 
  that was like 3 years ago and still shinsekai yori is on my top 3 . 
  custom skin with simplistic gameplay , anime shit menu and spinner , custom hitsounds ( similar to taiko hitsounds since i was a taiko player ) . 
  try it out . 
  i did n't make any of these materials myself . 
  i did n't even change the name of the main skin i use . 
  it 's not like they 're supporting fnatic because they love fnatic , they 're supporting fnatic because fnatic is succesful . 
  fnatic was the best team of eu in s3 and they finished in the top 2 in s4 , so it 's only natural that some people are supporting them because they 're succesful . 
  if fnatic becomes like , let 's say , old eg or gambit i 'm afraid these people will start to support alliance or maybe sk . 
  so , do n't be ashamed . 
  if fnatic ca n't replace xpeke , cyanide and rekkles , they will become our fanboys which sucks . 
  they lost because of pick/ban phase and overall worse game strategy . 
  their team synergy was beatiful . 
  in game 1 their team comp was worse in teamfights , but they managed to ace c9 a few times . 
  not frequent but the most embarrassing : amumu . 
  frequent and embarrassing : orianna . 
  especially when you use it on yourself because of shield ball range . 
  seems bad , but i think that 's what makes it work . 
  well done . 
   hotshotgg was featured in the anime the unlimited - hyoubu kyousuke at 4:29 in episode 12, 
  wait , what ? 
  i 'm just so surprised to see an e-sports icon in an anime . 
  i think yasuo q crits are count as normal crit . 
  otherwise , it 's really weird . 
  pogchamp geniuses and residentsleeper hyperx, 
  did n't expect this 10/10, 
  this thread is so evil . 
  oh god , pls not here too ... 
  not the boobs !, 
  this is the first visual upgrade i do n't like . 
  they should 've kept the same walking animation ... 
  alistar 's walking animation was the first thing we made fun of about this game , i mean me and my homemate . 
  since then i always liked alistar 's walking animation , especially with his passive . 
  that 's just me tho . 
  infinite stratoss, 
  green green, 
  they should watch in this exact order to appreciate the greatness of code geass . 
  i do n't any redditor will defend this one ... 
  well met !, 
  that ass slap tho . 
  everytime he sucks teresa 's boobs ... 
  sucking boobs to gain power ... every girl tries to make him suck her boobs ... 
  likable main characters , by likable i mean they are n't morons ... 
  some good action scenes powered by boob sucking scenes ... 
  fan service everywhere ... 
  let 's see ... not really a quote but [ angel beats !, 
  ] ( / s `` i finally found it ! / yatto mitsuketta - iwasawa , just before she dissappears '' ) is still giving me chills . 
  i 'm not a fan of fan service but ngnl 's fan service was just too good . 
  not exaggerated , i mean . 
  it 's dota for sure . 
  source : i played it for 6 years . 
  hey , that 's really easy with 150ms !, 
  when i tried to tell this to my friend , the response i got was `` it 's brainlag dude '' . 
  for some reason it reminds me [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhc4pleealy ) . 
  you can spam your abilities with xerath with a chalice . 
  and as long as you hit 3 + enemies , spell vamp is better on aoe abilites . 
  it makes sense to me , but i did n't watch the game . 
  i was going to shout `` wtf no snake eyes ? '', 
  up until i read the last line ... whatever . 
  / thread, 
  edit : you might as well may add [ receptor-redstar ] ( https://osu.ppy.sh/s/184301 ) and [ b.o.b ft. hayley williams - airplanes ( feint remix ) ] ( https://osu.ppy.sh/s/83494 ), 
  [ topkek ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dfjktuitsm ), 
  if this is true , i really want tabzz for fnatic . 
  alex was always better with tanky/melee champions or sustained damage dealers of mid lane so i guess he really will do good at top lane . 
  play with storyboard on . 
  i like roit . 
  vayne 's 1 aa to blue golem cost her life . 
  yorick has some good sustained damage but can not burst , so nasus can just sustain his damage . 
  problem is , galio somehow falls in late game even with that ultimate . 
  i do n't even understand how this happens . 
  it 's clg dude , what were you expecting ? 
  why, 
  turkish maybe . 
  `` kaka '' means poo in turkish . 
  posts like this should be removed . 
  edit * i meant the original post , not the one i replied to . 
  now we harass . 
  well played son . 
  so happy to hear him happy . 
  i worried about the community hate getting into him since he deleted his tweet . 
  the way he talks is clear and explains the situation really good . 
  it 's pretty much like how we expected but hearing from the person himself is helpful .
