  one of the most retarded reasonings i 've seen recently and this is coming from an atheist turk , i 've seen lots of retarded reasonings . 
  did you not know ? 
  hating x ( insert brazil , turkey , russia , burkini or whatever the fuck here ) is the new norm here . 
  you hate , or you get hated . 
  this and faking fouls should be punished in game . 
  we want to watch football not some goddamn drama . 
  wtf is this headline lmfao, 
  i 'd love that but i 'm not so hopeful . 
  there are players like mario gomez or sneijder who would give their best in s\u00fcper lig then there are players like simao or manuel fernandes who play when they want to . 
  nasri falls on the 2nd category it seems considering his behavior beforehand with arsenal and man city . 
  uhmm , yeah ? 
  there are lots of progressive and modern youngers but there are sick fucks even more than them . 
  it 's sad to watch knowing what could they have been and what they 've become . 
  same in turkey . 
  probably because of them artificially colored things such as tiptacs , gums , drinks like blue pepsi seem like unhealthy chemical mixtures to me . 
  blackish brown feels like the natural color of cola for me . 
  and any color other than that seems artificial like golden pepsi or blue pepsi . 
  what is cola 's natural color anyways ? 
  literally unplayable . 
  yeah because japanese . 
  imagine playing lina without the animation canceling . 
  yes and no, 
  this is the thing about barca . 
  when you watch each player individually they seem like they all do average but as a team they 're the best . 
  i 'd be more than happy if peopls stop wearing burkinis , turbans or whatever . 
  i 'd give anything to remove islam from this world as i hate the religion itself . 
  but this is wrong . 
  they might as well ban crosses since they also represent religious values . 
  this is the european hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  it worked both ways . 
  i knew he was n't a turk because if he was the headline would begin with `` turkish pervert '' . 
  i thought that was normal for footballers since almost all of turkish players do that too . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm all for purging gulenists and i support the government on this matter but it 's funny that they act like every shady bad thing happened in turkey is because of gulenists . 
  afaik most of the akp supporters believe this despite the fact that they were like high school lovers not long ago . 
  hopefully one day we get to purge them too just like the mighty gulen movement . 
  he wanted to say `` funded pkk '' as you already know . 
  seems like the most intense group to me . 
  benfica will probably be the strongest if napoli does n't surprise without higuain , we and kyiv will be dark horses but the strength gap is n't too big so i would n't be surprised if one of them ends up in the first 2 place . 
  very nice draw imo . 
  we super power now bois / s, 
  hearing things like these is so embarrassing as a turk . 
  there are n't that many turks on reddit in the first place . 
  because i only comment on the things that i feel like i 'm qualified enough to comment and being turk makes me qualified enough for turkey topics to provide inside knowledge and lately there are shitloads of turkey topics here . 
  anyways , it 's hard to believe for an average redditor that someone actually does n't shit on the things he does n't know enough , right ? 
  source ? 
  same . 
  i prefer hybrid/payload/capture maps in competitive mode but they 're unbearable in qp . 
  one of the worst choke points in the game . 
  yep . 
  religions , especially islam . 
  what do you mean by respecting their culture ? 
  they already get their primary education in kurdish , there are kurdish everything like books , songs , singers etc. 
  we had kurdish ministers , prime ministers . 
  i mean what do you expect that we should 've done more than this considering they 're a minority ? 
  they still participate in the parliament , even though the party they vote for openly supports pkk , they still have their seats in the parliaments . 
  in the last 2-3 years some of the immigrants in europe did some terrorist acts and almost all of europe has changed their stance against them and we 're dealing with this shit for 30 years . 
  no its not, 
  all according to the keikaku . 
  seriously . 
  and i did n't know we shared that many words . 
  precisely . 
  `` attempts on target : 3-3 '', 
  really ? 
  i know . 
  i know but seeing how croatia is playing it felt weird that we have same attempts on target . 
  no idea . 
  he 'd be much better than cenk or even if he struggles at the moment i 'd still call him because he is still too young . 
  hopefully erdogan too . 
  people go crazy over erdogan but his son does n't have that support and it seems like he will never have . 
  he does n't even participate in active politics and knowing erdogan he would make him a bigger face , easily even . 
  so even if rig the votes most of the akp supporters of today would object , not only us , the opposition . 
  or at least that 's what i want to believe . 
  let 's say black people of america wants to be independent from the usa because in past they got mistreated and to achieve that they founded a terrorist organization which killed thousands of your citizens over 30 years . 
  recently they have a chance to found a country but it 's right next to your borders and you know that they wo n't stop terrorist acts because they want your territories . 
  in fact , they will probably become even stronger . 
  not evey black person support this idea but a significant portion of them does support so you ca n't ignore it . 
  just to provide a simple example . 
  there are more to it , like how that said terrorist organization kills their own people to make them support the organization . 
  you get the idea . 
  only a few months ago a farmer found a mausoleum . 
  a year ago someone found a [ basilica ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcs-nqx9i2hr0vouirgjwch09hcti_mthkzstzhmwi11dqkviflddqfdxx0yva ) inside the iznik lake while traveling with it and saw it by chance . 
  yep . 
  you get virgins and there is no number so it 's practically infinite . 
  also your dick stays erect as long as you want . 
  source : ex-muslim, 
  our coach has something for him it 's unbelievable . 
  hire the best fitness coaches , best physio , try to rotate every few games , try not to buy injury prone players like mario gomez . 
  i 'm in my 5th season at tottenham and i had 4 at most injured guys on my side . 
  does that means they will dominate the game tomorrow and wo n't leave it to luck ? 
  the game has a different algorithym for injuries , some players are more likely to get injured than others . 
  you can see some of them [ here ] ( https://sortitoutsi.net/articles/player-list/19242/football-manager-2016-wonderkids ) for example . 
  also if a players gets injured he may get injured again in a few matches after healing completely even if you wait for him to get fully fit . 
  i bought willian from chelsea when they transfer listed him for 17m $ and he did n't get injured even once whole year but next year he got injured in the beginning of the season and after that he got injured several times . 
  then again even if you hire the best staff and rotate the squad it all comes down to luck in the end . 
  it 's an argument in a comment . 
  some people say turkey funds is with some half assed evidences , everyone and their mother believes that . 
  turkey officially starts an operation against is and ypg and they actually achieve some things , but still people say turkey funds is . 
  i do n't even ... 
  who is the guy on the left ?
