  it 's just there are some words in turkish which ca n't literally translate into english . 
  we have many words for dark hair & dark skin tones but we only have 1 for blonde people so i feel like i need to learn what they exactly mean before using them . 
  thanks . 
  kill secured !, 
  japanese server is only `` possible '' ? 
  are n't they working on it ? 
  last time i heard about that they were started with vo . 
  looking forward to see those vo , i just wan na miyuki sawashiro to voice kayle/diana/quinn . 
  she is the voice of iwasawa from angel beats !, 
  and inaba from kokoro connect . 
  hmm , when you say like this ... 
  even though there were some guys from japan and riot saying stuff but there still is n't an official statement so it 's not guaranteed . 
  i hope they do n't cancel it , japanase vo pls, 
  once against dp is doing fairly well at laning phase . 
  i have * a bit * of doubts about their mid game though ... 
  that janna laugh though . 
  that vision and jungle control sealed the deal even before 10min mark . 
  they were doing well at lanes but that vision control by ssw and dp 's jungle crippled crystal and dp could n't do anything against this . 
  they really need to work hard if they do n't want to be mineski . 
  edit * also , fabfabulous really impressed me so far . 
  his laning mechanics are really good . 
  i think riot would want them since they got some famous voice actors for english vo and turkish vo , only 2 vo i 've used so far . 
  i just want miyuki sawashiro , aya hirano and kana hanazawa to voice some champs , kana hanazawa for soraka and aya hirano for caitlyn maybe . 
  yeah , mineski got destroyed by most of the teams but they had some good games . 
  dp 's laning phase is good but it is so hard to call them good games . 
  amazing is being amazing and bjergsen is being bjergsen as always . 
  lulu still 1 item ... 
  that 's why i 'm afraid to buy osu !, 
  tablet lol, 
  kills *, 
  yeah , she voices lucy heartfilia , haruhi suzumiya and also amane misa from death note . 
  diana actually is very strong against talon . 
  2 x dorans - armguard - nashor 's tooth is my build but i think other builds can work too . 
  `` b-baka ! '', 
  but ... 
  but what about pentakill ? 
  since the pentakill album , i always wanted to see them live . 
  imagine dragons is good also but pentakill pls rito . 
  kebabs are ready - twitch chat, 
  dp giving false hope once again . 
  failfish, 
  i did n't watch turkish stream but i can undertand what they 're thinking . 
  this is quite shameful . 
  we expected them to lose but not to get stomped in every single game . 
  however , blaming naru is childish . 
  they just got outclassed so hard . 
  i also expected them to get stomped by ssw . 
  but , against edg and ahq they just made many big mistakes and lost the game even before 10mins mark because of these mistakes . 
  it 's not like i had hopes for them to make it out of groups . 
  but , they should be able to at least go close in some matches if they 're there in worlds . 
  so , they got stomped again . 
  it 's not like they 're bad players . 
  their laning mechanics are really good . 
  but , they lack the shotcalling , teamwork , vision and objective control . 
  did n't i say `` they 're just outclassed . '' ? 
  i also said `` we expected them to lose . 
  '' , `` i also expected them to get stomped by ssw . '' . 
  i 'm happy with them . 
  they went to the biggest event of lol . 
  but , the gameplay they showed was awful . 
  their skill level is n't bad as you can see from their laning . 
  but , their map control , vision control , objective control , shotcalling , teamplay was really bad . 
  it was like a 5v5 challenger ranked team and there is only one explanation for this situation : lack of practice . 
  * this * is shameful . 
  i hope they can learn something from their losses and s4 worlds can be a good experience for them , but when i think about their ego in turkey , it 's not very likely . 
  i think that 's the reason why many turkish fans are upset about them . 
  i just can imagine how hard it is . 
  i mean , these teams are the best of their regions and dp 's group was maybe the hardest for them with 2 # 1 contenders . 
  so , expecting them to win even 1 game is a bit unrealistic . 
  they 're quite arrogant in turkey because there are n't a real competition between teams . 
  most of the teams are n't consistent with their rosters , there are some players who switch to a other team in a month . 
  it is very amateur compared to other big regions of course , but dp really dominated turkey since the beginning . 
  and they were doing good at tournaments they went to . 
  also , as there are n't a e-sports building , there are n't many sponsors to support a team so some teams lack funds . 
  lol is the first game in turkey which tried to build a e-sports organization so we are still learning things . 
  i mean , dp really honored us , turkey region . 
  but seeing them getting stomped every game is n't comforting . 
  so , there are many fans who are upset at them , mainly because of dp 's situation in turkish scene . 
  their behaviour is n't really bad , they are just being arrogant and no one can blame them for this . 
  i mean , they really are the best team of turkey . 
  but , this attidude is giving the fans false hope . 
  they do n't follow bigger scenes so they think that dp is really good at this game . 
  and they blame the team members . 
  well , i think you should 've heard about chinese scene , turkey is n't really different in terms of fan attidude . 
  as you said , i doubt that alliance or fnatic would bother to scrim with them , but many teams at eu lcs gave them hard times even though they were at disadvantage in terms of player skill . 
  that 's what i expected from dp . 
  i did n't expect them to win naturally , but they could fight at least . 
  i just do n't believe this is everything they got . 
  look at sk gaming , they are n't the most skilful players at these games , there are at least 2 players who are better than them at their role , but still they managed to make it into worlds . 
  sorry about my grammar/spelling mistakes if there are , still practicing writing and speaking english . 
  i think we are on the same page but you misunderstood me for turkish fans who does n't really follow e-sports scene as i mentioned earlier . 
  just seeing dp votes should give you an idea about turkish community . 
  i 'm upset because i think they did n't give this their hardest . 
  but , i want them to improve their teamplay , not some roster swaps or something . 
  i should 've made my point clearer at my first post , sorry about that . 
  also , go alliance !, 
  same here !, 
  she still voices lucy from fairy tail , but yeah i think you are right . 
  she was so talented . 
  iwasawa from angel beats , celty from durarara and inaba the best girl from kokoro connect .
