  there will be people waiting for alone girls like you to abuse . 
  i know this sounds very dangereous but this is a known issue in turkey and the police tries to prevent people from get uncomfortable but still it sometimes happens . 
  you just got ta be a little careful . 
  edit : but i 'm sure that places got a lot worse after the syrian refugees came here . 
  i remember one night i started to think about hell , cried and prayed for hours when i was only 9ish . 
  i still get mad whenever i see someone scaring people with fear of going to hell . 
  tifu is leaking , 
  ooohhhhh now i understand , 
  it 's the alliance syndrome . 
  it 's probably anemia . 
  i had a friend with anemia and she was also fainting whenever she gets mad or emotional about something . 
  you know , many people have that blood veins visible on their hands but hers were n't visible at all . 
  she was n't aware that she had anemia , when she found out she started to use some medicine and did n't faint again i guess . 
  also the fact that you did n't bleed that much is n't normal and it 's probably an effect of anemia . 
  i believe some people have anemia in their youth , especially women because they have periods with lots of blood lose and they do n't usually eat that much in order to stay fit meaning some of them ca n't replace the iron they lost . 
  anyways , good luck !, 
  2 days ago i saw a really skinny kitten and took her home . 
  i went to buy kitten food and when i arrived back home i found her sleeping . 
  she slept for like 6 hours straight and i thought there was something wrong and tried to wake her up . 
  she woke up , ate some food , then slept again for 10 + hours . 
  it both feels good to provide her a good sleep that she probably never had in her short life but it also feels bad that i have to release her again because my parents are against her . 
  but it 's so funny it should be everywhere !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  ** who do you think i am ??!!!, 
   it 's not like they put checkpoints for every truck and car that enters the city, 
  this is actually what they should have done . 
  this is the 3rd bombing in ankara in the last 5 months . 
  that 's what % 50 of turkey wants . 
  the rest of turkey on the other hand ... 
  i guess we are the terrorists erdogan wants to get rid of . 
   if they do n't change ryze drastically, 
  that 's exactly what they did with the last rework . 
  well it was a miracle win for you after 1-0 loss in turkey and 1-1 half time score . 
  not to take away that , it just does n't feel right after getting gutted by the referee like that . 
  no one does n't blame the crowd . 
  they do n't see replays , zooms etc. 
  they probably do n't even care about referee . 
  they deserve to celebrate this win . 
  by the way , i hope for you to get rid of that josue guy . 
  i hated him when he was playing for bursaspor , i still hate him . 
  he is a good player that 's for sure but his character on the other hand ... 
  it 's really hard to not to hate him for me . 
  yeah . 
  thanks for ruining my bet you dumbass with that stupid penalty . 
   there is no sense in trying to reason with the faithful, 
  well if they were actually seeking for reasons they would n't stay faithful in the first place so ... 
   it appears to us ( americans ) that your leader is a twat, 
  it 's probably because he really is . 
  % 50 of turkey thinks that way while the other % 50 keeps him in power . 
  it 's just saddening how ignorant people of the country can destroy most things the country is built on like secularism . 
   if you blame your enemy for being tryhard , you are n't any different . 
  albert einstein, 
  til allah is actually a d\u00f6ner knife . 
  my bad . 
  should 've double checked the headline . 
  none . 
  they 're making much better money in turkish league , some of them got lcs offers before ( naru , dumbledoge , thaldrin ) but none of them went with it . 
  well if they pay better they can get them i guess :d, 
  it would n't be complete without the soaz face , thank you . 
  tldr : apparently only solution is to buff cassiopeia lol, 
  if you miss your q that means you fucked up . 
  and you should be punished for that so asking for a 0 range miasma if you miss your q is like asking game to fix your fuck ups which is complete bullshit . 
  some champions have better lane presence some do n't . 
  what 's wrong with new cassiopeia to have little lane presence ? 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean that it 's bad for the game . 
  cassiopeia is still a beast is the late game and little lane presence is necessary for this so they actually made a good decision with increasing her early mana costs . 
  itemisation is up to you . 
  you ca n't blame riot for your build . 
  if you want mana , build mana . 
  do n't expect mana if you buy rylai 's . 
  simple as that . 
  same with cdr . 
  it 's like asking for for example jinx to have better defensive stats because you do n't want to build any defensive items lol, 
  i 'm also hopeful . 
  if this team sticks with it 's roster and manages to attend to the worlds i only want them to advance past the group phase . 
  that would be huge . 
  the difference between stixxay of yesterday and stixxay of today ... 
  damn dude . 
  right , but it wo n't probably end as it is atm . 
  i would n't mind visa-free travel to europe as long as eu makes erdo\u011fan less a dictator . 
  yeah , no . 
  not really . 
  muslim countries are fucked up and we are about to get fucked up so no , there wo n't be any muslim union in the foreseeable future . 
  but hey everyone can dream , go on . 
  i 'm from turkey and i 'm telling you there wo n't be any muslim union in the foreseeable future . 
  in fact there is a muslim union actually but it does n't do shit so we better do n't count it . 
  i 've had enough of erdogans today , pls mercy, 
  it felt more like the shock of betrayal and death , not the freezing . 
   the only reason to pick her would be her e , with which you can over get 100 % damage when building full damage, 
  you realize that she needs 700ad to get % 100 damage ? 
  well , they 're not football clubs in the first place . 
  sure , their most known teams compete in football but they have many other teams as well . 
  be\u015fikta\u015f competes in 17 different sports branches including e-sports , chess , wrestling , box , table tennis , bridge and woman teams of football , basketball , handball , volleyball . 
  they used to have some other teams as well including archery , billiards , hockey , fencing and more . 
  fenerbah\u00e7e competes in 12 different sports branches , now it will be 13 apparently with the addition of e-sports club . 
  [ gon na build that wall up to the sky ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz8c17upewm ), 
  i released her after a week but we still feed her outside . 
  she grew to be a one beatiful , fat and lazy cat . 
  i actually had to release her after 1-2 days but she got an infection on her eye and i did n't want to release her without curing it . 
  my parents actually agreed on that , they did n't want any pets inside the house but i guess they could n't let her go with that half-blind eye . 
  good .
