  i think coach was beneficial for them . 
  classic circlejerk is that froggen refuses to listen coach or something but when they had a real coach they shined so i find it hard to believe that circlejerk . 
  you remember that 2014 summer finals between c9 and tsm ? 
  after a disappointing whole season dyrus was the god of the top lane with only 2 games where he actually played good . 
  i mean even if he gets some criticism ( and this criticism was never on the level of amazing got ) he never gets to thrash status , majority here still likes dyrus not to mention fanboys . 
  when amazing underperforms it 's his and only his fault but when dyrus underperforms there will always be excuses like `` he got camped '' , `` santorin/amazing did nothing '' , `` bjergsen lost his lane so pressure was on dyrus '' etc. 
  they also won against njws and c9 in that same group . 
  he was gambit 's first choice before betsy . 
  but he refused that offer because it was temporary since niq760 was expected to return . 
  what if you play vayne top with smite ? 
  it would take longer to get sated but maybe it would be viable . 
  together these tiny things make the game better . 
  if you do n't wan na see this , move along , do n't click the link , you do n't even have to appreciate the idea . 
  since they did n't fix knowing this bug , seems like this will end up as a feature . 
  the true rito bug fix way . 
  warning : this guy is a karma whore :, 
  i did n't main any champ till my 2nd year with this game . 
  i mained orianna because she has everything i needed to master like skillshots , teamfight positioning , ult timing , fastpaced gameplay with % 40 cdr , keeping an eye for the teammates cause of shield and the enemy all the time etc. 
  she was really fun so i spammed her like 200-300 games then i got bored of her . 
  at first i was feeding like a madman so i started mastering her on a friend 's silver acc . 
  this was back then when assasin meta was rising and kassadin was op as fuck . 
  i was able to win againt them easily after like my 50th game with orianna . 
  i still have her as my pocketpick . 
  i think we , elements fans , also know that feeling pretty well ... 
  i do !, 
  w active activates strut , so when you get hit strut deactivates immediately . 
  i doubt if you call 80ms boost for 1 aa * kiting * . 
  it does , manga still continues . 
  i did n't like vibrations much and i do n't actually expect a 3rd season though . 
  agreed . 
  when azir first came out i was so hyped because he seemed like a control mage with high dps and high skill floor . 
  then he turned into a burst/poke machine , then 5-man insec machine . 
  qthe oburning lcrusade, 
  so i 'm supporting cj entus only and i have to buy all icons ? 
  people buy those icons to show which team they support/like , what 's the point of buying 10 icon bundle i mean what the fuck rito . 
  good guy rito made bundle 2000rp instead of 250 * 10 = 2500rp , i knew that they are n't greedy . 
  oce & cis icons also sold as bundles . 
  tr & br icons can be bought individually . 
  dae froggen so passiv only farm amirite ???!!? 
  we all saw what happens when you hype a region more than they deserve at msi so relax buddy these `` omg fnatic so good '' comments mean nothing currently . 
  and none of them adress the problem with elise . 
  elise ' problem was n't her early game but her late game . 
  making spiderlings deal physical damage is a nerf to mpen build , increased ap ratio is irrelevant if you build her tanky which is probably the only legit way to build her except mpen/tanky build . 
  increased stun duration in early game is good but as i said her problem is n't her early game . 
  she is currently strong in early but after that she either becomes too squishy weird mage with mediocre damage or a cocoon bot with too low damage . 
  shurima ?? 
   also if he 's so bad then why was he even picked 11 times ? 
  yea pls someone eli5 ? 
   it 's almost as if arenanet when developing they game took all of the annoying parts of tradtional mmos and made a solution to it . 
  the thing is every wow-killer tries to do this and all of them , except gw2 , fail for some retarded reason . 
  arenanet actually managed to do this but they could n't kill wow anyways . 
  not like it matters , they probably making too much cash with gw2 and they deserve even more . 
  game is fuckin amazing . 
  oh and they have a really friendly community . 
  much better than other mmos i 've played so far . 
  tabzz lol, 
  what ? 
  tabzz carried half of the teamfights . 
  edit : it was his flanks what was winning the teamfights for elements except last one . 
  blaming him for this loss is pointless . 
  jwaow does n't seem like a strong laner so dexter is trying to give him a lead . 
  he does well in teamfights though . 
  other lanes are able to capitalise their lead to a point but their mid game strategy is pretty much non-existent . 
  their teamfighting also is n't really good unless tabzz & froggen gets fed in the late game . 
  i do n't know what they 're scrimming for but this was the main problem of 2014 spring alliance , 2015 spring elements and now . 
  they gave her watery animations back though . 
   have to, 
  superior team, 
  / s is for pussies who are afraid of getting downvoted !, 
  why do people write that ? 
  thanks . 
  edit : i just tried out the bot and it seems so useful . 
  but i do n't get how it works , actually i do n't get why it recommended me to play vayne . 
  championsuggest : euw kawaii kereste, 
  i feel like a terrible person now ... 
  and rekkles is a passive farmer who pussies out every teamfight . 
  i mean he is good . 
  we all saw that in 2014 season and this summer , he had crazy kdas every game with solid mechanics . 
  but shining in a good team does n't mean he is the best . 
  last split elements had issues and even in the first weeks only player who carried a few games was froggen . 
  forg1ven on the other hand played for sk last split and carried literally every game they won so people eventually started to ban forg1ven since he was unstoppable . 
  we all saw what happened after that , sk went into a slump . 
  he also carried cw with amazing before that . 
  i think what freeze really meant was `` rekkles is the best because he plays for the best team '', 
  because forg1ven was actually able to carry a bad team . 
  rekkles was n't . 
  he also got so much farm , hell some people were criticising him as `` all he does is farming and pussying out in teamfights '', 
  it 's not like rekkles played the support carry role in elements , a few games elements ran mid lulu - top maokai - jinx but it did n't work out . 
  it would work out if forg1ven was playing that jinx instead of rekkles , that 's all i 'm trying to say . 
  do n't care if he is the main carry but he is for sure making a lot of points for my fantasy team . 
  so you mean that old olaf had a high skill floor ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  12 year old kids deserve to be `` smited '' if they 're ruining the game for others . 
  i do n't play this game to babysit some spoiled kids . 
  there are alternatives for flash engage like thresh lantern , kallista ult , sivir ult , tahm kench devour , righteous glory etc. 
  renekton is powerful against ryze . 
  ryze is a short ranged mage who can duel really good but he lacks hp sustain and he is squishy in the early game . 
  you can easily abuse this with renekton . 
  my other comfort picks against ryze are cassiopeia and rumble . 
  it 's not absurd .
