  for a moment i thought bjk got this ... then late game jinx & tf happened . 
  he is getting target banned and camped every game . 
  i want to contribute . 
  should i agree as well ? 
  because , voldemort . 
  and mods are literally cornelius fudge . 
  they are deleting the comments that include links to this subreddit . 
  they are also deleting meta discussion threads . 
  that 's pathetic for any subreddit . 
  he did many things . 
  in general he was the best journalist we had but he also was a douche . 
  being permabanned from reddit is well deserved for him . 
  his content is also banned and this does n't make sense to me . 
  forg1ven and tabzz have similar playmaker playstyles . 
  seems like he still would n't be the best in eu . 
  poe killed him 4 times in the lane and febiven held his own against him while being countered . 
  twitter linked threads are already forbidden so why do you exactly care about his twitter ? 
  and richard got banned from reddit for these childish acts of him . 
  what i 'm wondering is how these tweets affected you to ban all of his content ? 
  i mean you already did something and banned all of his current/future accounts . 
  and you also can delete any league unrelated article by him like you are currently doing with all of comments and threads mentioning his name/nick/article . 
  what is the reasoning behind deleting everything related to him including league related some well written articles ? 
  to me it seems like the only reason behind this is he tried to pick a fight with / r/lol mods and you decided to show him who has the power . 
  seems childish when i look at it this way . 
  is there any other reasoning behind this ? 
  i hope incarnati0n can provide him a real competition ground . 
  xwx is also a really good mid laner but their lack of communication which mentioned by impact in his inven interview prevents him to be a real contender . 
  i 'm not sure if content ban could provide your goal . 
  anyways , these were the some of the questions i had in my mind . 
  i want to believe you but after seeing deleted comments that links to this subreddit ( and some people claiming they 're banned because of this ) it 's hard to believe . 
  thanks for your answers . 
  then do n't watch it . 
  no one is forcing you to watch be\u015fikta\u015f matches . 
  team solo top, 
  usual jatt . 
   crushes your skull, 
  you raped her !, 
  you murdered her !, 
  you killed her children !, 
  considering bjk got the first blood from faker in his birthday , i do n't really think so ... 
  in the tsm vs bjk game there was a scene like lustboy hit the death sentence to dumbledoge and meanwhile just before he was hit dumbledoge also hit lustboy with dark binding so lustboy could n't activate death sentence to him . 
  caster 's reaction to this scene :, 
  ** oh my god what a death sentence by lustboy ** !, 
  he always finds some picks !, 
  ( * meanwhile lustboy is still snared * ) and a decent dark binding by dumbledoge . 
  what a death sentence it was !, 
  king in the north . 
  please have my babies !, 
  seems like na people woke up . 
  huni being upcoming talent does n't make him not a rookie . 
  skt is a team full of koreans and the champion of lck . 
  meanwhile fnatic was so close to win against them . 
  in my opinion they lost because of a throw triggered by a bug but let 's say it was just a throw . 
  following your logic , that solo q god rookie huni and best korean jungler to ever exist reignover carried 3 eu shitters but they failed to win . 
  am i right mate ? 
  you sound so angry at the redditors but how the fuck people should 've known this ? 
  from our perspective it was like some tsm chants and nothing came from the audience . 
  then people booed fnatic after they won against besiktas . 
  tell me how we were supposed to know what was going on ? 
  tell me if people did n't booed fnatic . 
  or did riot just hold a mic on top of the people who booed ? 
  what i 'm truly wondering is will he say the crowd did n't boo at fnatic . 
  or did riot just hold a mic on top of a few people who booed . 
  is this the first tournament you 've been watching ? 
  if it 's not did you watch older tournaments muted ? 
  i 'm so in love with this guy . 
  did you even follow reddit in the past few weeks mate ? 
  ever since monte thrashtalked eu finals most of the tsm fans here thrashtalked eu as well . 
  meanwhile fnatic fans here stayed silent because they were afraid to thrashtalk since fnatic was an unproven team in the international stage and last time we had high hopes for sk gaming , they got rekt . 
  after all these thrashtalks tsm got annihilated by every team except bjk . 
  meanwhile casters & crowd ( arguable maybe ) were biased towards tsm . 
  these made people more eager to shittalk tsm . 
  anyways it 's always fun to thrashtalk tsm so screw the reasons . 
  i knew that something was wrong ... 
  thanks \\ ^ ^, 
  deficio is known for supporting eu teams and danes but he is able to cast neutrally i think . 
  qu1ckshot is biased towards eu teams and he casts biased like jatt . 
  so yeah , you are right . 
  my intention was n't to say that eu casters are any better . 
  it 's just biased na casters affected people . 
  i think thrashtalking is fine as long as you are able to back-up . 
  you should be ready for the backlash if you ca n't back-up . 
   between taiwan and the other asian regions . 
  ftfy, 
  i did n't say it was unjustified dude . 
  we did the similar thing after alliance won eu summer split 2014 . 
  then kabum happened and we are still being mocked . 
  trashtalking or hyping your team is natural but you should also be prepared for the backlash . 
  it 's too good . 
  just too good . 
  yellowstar what the fuck man have mercy !, 
  thoorin have some mercy lol, 
  and febiven, 
  did you just ... 
  replied to yourself ? 
  so salty . 
  tilted because cassio, 
  i want to believe ... 
  edit : this was a joke guys . 
  you are a brave man .
