  because an act of war can be only be done by a participant of that war . 
  and a group of people without a country ( even a self-declared country would count for example american civil war , but pkk/ypg/tak still does n't have a country and they did n't declare one ) ca n't do an act of war . 
  because they ca n't officially participate in a war . 
  so whatever they do , even if they fight with turkish soldiers , is terrorism . 
  turkish pm said that it was done by ypg , i did n't believe it completely . 
  then tak actually took the responsibily , this time i completely believed . 
  but still there are people like you who are trying to make them innocent . 
  i do n't know what has to be done to make people like you to believe that . 
  then i suddenly realize that if that was proven that it was n't done by ypg/pkk/tak by the same way ( an announcement from all of them ) you would n't even question it . 
  western media is biased . 
  rt is even more biased . 
  at least western media sometimes criticize their own mistakes while rt does n't even try that . 
  or maybe they did but i did n't see when i checked there a few times a long time ago . 
  last time i checked nazis did n't bury people alive . 
  we are worse than nazis til, 
  because it was a war zone between pkk and turkish army . 
  pkk casualties are said to be over 500 , official numbers are a lot lower though . 
  and , yes , we killed those terrorists . 
  but not like * burying innocent people alive * but seriously killing them like the terrorist they are just like how any other country kills other terrorists such as isis militans in syria . 
  mostly correct , kinda biased but correct . 
  to add to this :, 
  there are several kurdish terrorist organizations with the biggest being pkk which operates in eastern turkey especially near the iraq and syria borders . 
  the news you hear are about the kurds that is a member of pkk . 
  with that said more than half of the kurds living in turkey do n't support pkk . 
  actually many turkish movie stars , singers etc. 
  are kurdish , we had many kurdish ministers , even now there are several kurdish ministers . 
  it 's not like turkish people are hating every single kurd . 
  lately though some turkish youngs became more and more racists , so things are more complicated now . 
  so , this pkk/ypg/tak wants to found their own country and i do n't see anything wrong with this . 
  but they killed innocent people to make themselves relevant since 70s ( well they 've become succesful at this ) and obviously this destroys any chance at them taking any land from turkey . 
  if you followed kurdish news you surely would have heard apo , abdullah \u00d6calan . 
  apo is the man that organizated kurds , one of the founders of pkk , first leader of pkk and a symbol for kurdish people . 
  on the other hand , he and his organization killed countless turkish people including kurds . 
  turkish media calls him `` baby killer '' because in a few of pkk attacks there were babies killed . 
  they also commonly attack schools ( lately increased for some reason ) to supress the people . 
  to summarize , kurds at the moment are a seperated nation . 
  some of them are happy in turkey , iran , iraq or syria , some of them want to found their own country , some of them do n't even care . 
  for more information you can check [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish%e2%80%93turkish_conflict_%281978%e2%80%93present%29 ) and [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdistan_workers'_party ), 
  edit : they also have a political party which became a strong movement in turkey and has the 4th most seats in the parliament . 
  they kinda started to support pkk since the 6 june elections ( i voted for them in that selection because they looked very promising on the subject ) and because of that they get a lot of criticism but still kurds are being represented in the parliament . 
  most of the turks think like me on the kurdistan subject but most of us would reject to give them any province mostly because of the terrorist activities they did in the past . 
  so , yeah , we support a kurdistan outside of turkey . 
  our government on the other hand do n't want any kurdistan close to our borders because they do n't trust pkk/ypg/tak ( terrorists also do n't trust our government rightfully ) . 
  i ca n't blame them for that . 
  and the fact is that turks would reject the idea of giving provinces to kurdistan is so strong that would make akp lose a big chunk of their votes so that will probably never happen . 
  unless if we lose a war of course . 
  i think kurdistan will exist in a near future . 
  and i really hope kurds to find peace without pkk . 
  i have and had many kurdish friend and they were like the best people i 've met and they were hating pkk even more than me . 
  seriously , eastern anatolian people including kurds are my favourite guys in turkey . 
  so obviously i do n't agree with our goverments recent activities such as bombarding kurdish towns in syria , there are turks who agrees to that bombardments though . 
  one thing to add ... every country in the history began with * freedom fighters * . 
  mustafa kemal ataturk rebelled against ottomans , george washington rebelled against great britain , byzantine rebelled against rome , syria rebelled against france . 
  but they did n't kill innocent babies , tourists , normal civilians or relatives of soldiers . 
  they fought for freedom , with soldiers , and they succeeded . 
  this is why pkk is n't and never will be an organization of freedom fighters . 
  no problem man . 
  but still do n't take the things i said as the certain facts . 
  i researched many things over the years but there are still a lot to learn and there are still opposing ideas on the subject , these are only my opinions . 
   pkk has absolutely nothing to gain with a attack like that , and everything to lose . 
  it would be playing right into erdogan 's hand . 
  i 'm sorry , is that the only reason you question this announcement ? 
  like , `` hey it 's not logical !, 
  i do n't have any proof and they actually made an announcement , but it 's not logical !, 
  because they should be the freedom fighters i thought of them . 
  not some kind of terrorists !, 
  you know , turkey is n't doing that just for fuck 's sake but for their own interests just like any other country in that region . 
  it 's even season dude , you ca n't stop froggen anymore !, 
  xd\u00e9, 
  this seems weird . 
  i use lvoc and it works just fine , there is n't any additional things like he suggested . 
  even if it 's a 3rd party program i think riot should declare it legal . 
  if they wo n't do it , then they can just release a small app of their own to let us safely change our vo ? 
  i mean a single guy is handling lvoc and it works , so why ca n't riot do that instead of staying in the gray line ? 
  it 's a voodoo shit !, 
  best thread ever . 
  nice work detective !, 
  to be fair , it only works on enemy champions now so it will be just fine i think . 
  i always tried to use it on enemy champions , in every possible hit and this new passive does that for me and it also does n't work against minions which is great to preserve mana . 
  countless times i forgot to toggle off it 's active , or i thought i toggled it off but it did n't go off for some reason . 
  hey krepo , where is your special flair ? 
  ohh how i missed these gifs ... 
  same with f. 
  you lost . 
  if your national pride is about someone else ' actions , then do n't support us dude . 
  actually i thought volkan \u015een did pretty well . 
  well , of course . 
  inmates are there for a reason and they 're not actually supposed to escape you know . 
  no , it 's still too much for a stacking item . 
  tear of goddess is % 63 gold efficient without stacks and archangel 's staff is % 80.75 gold efficient for example . 
  i think only jax got nerfed because of rageblade and it was a deserved nerf even before rageblade in my opinion . 
  but still that wo n't stop people from ranting . 
  dude i 'm turkish and i 've been there ... 
  i could n't agree more !, 
  we went there without any thought when i was a student in a neighbour city ( denizli or pamukkale i do n't know how foreigners call there ) to stay in a motel for a few days but after seeing the whole mess and smell we went straight to fethiye . 
  that place is a lot better , a bit more expensive though . 
  one thing i remember about ku\u015fadas\u0131 is when we went to the beach to smoke i was surprised that even the winds that come from the sea stinks . 
  i heard that it 's only bad in summer because local municipality could n't handle all that people but still ... 
  an advice from a turk ... next time if you come here just try not to stay alone . 
  especially when you 're swimming in a public beach or if you go to a night club .
