  do n't watch it . 
  do n't believe it anyone who says `` it 's a good show '' . 
  it is n't . 
  boring and mindless harem , nothing more . 
  how many episodes have you seen ? 
  yooooooooooooooooooo, 
  it 's better this way . 
  na lcs is going too late for us and i ca n't stay awake up to 3:00 am or 4:00 am in weekdays . 
  [ do n't watch an anime called boku no pico ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdjv_afhmv4 ), 
  fairy tail ? 
  the light shall burn you, 
  at first thought i disliked but after seeing new icon i think i like `` elements '' brand . 
  after all amount of time does n't get followers . 
  i did n't watch him but i 'm not sure if his stream is `` good '' . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  i do n't like his stream anymore ( because he plays same champions again and again ) but there is no reason to hate . 
  [ shhh ] ( http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/27068016/images/1378509669258.jpg ), 
  yay !, 
  upvoted . 
  i answered all of them but i do n't know any video examples for my skin since i use a custom skin and i ca n't uplaod atm so i trid to describe everything . 
  good luck !, 
  i think taking ranged minions only a lvl1 special move to get lvl2 faster and to position himself to engage . 
  otherwise cannon minions or melee minions are better for more gold . 
  edit : and yeah , at lvl1 i usually wait for me or my adc to get harassed to use stacks because of the sustain they give . 
  good guy krepo teaching us how to lvl1 . 
  kotonoha no niwa as a whole movie . 
  well , of course , everyone here are osu !, 
  gods as you mentioned . 
  just like league of legends subreddit as everyone there are challenger . 
  i suggest / r/koreanadvice for you to get challenger . 
  and diana . 
  what you said is like `` you can remove lich bane and since twisted fate has double attack amplifiers and fizz-diana-kayle also have attack amplifiers there is no need to buff them to compensate . '', 
  it does n't work like that . 
  ahri is completely balanced right now and removing dfg will definitely hurt her so it 's a indirect nerf for sure . 
  same for other dfg users . 
  in late game q-r-e kills you . 
  she does n't even need to land stun first , hell hitting the stun is so fucking easy . 
  just q , if it lands use r and e. 
  only one i 'm worried about is ahri . 
  tagged as `` liar salty kid '' . 
  i mean every other dfg users will be affected but they can live on . 
  leblanc can still 1-shot people , many leblanc players do n't build dfg at all . 
  veigar can still 1-shot enemy ap carries , dfg was just letting him to 1-shot without ult . 
  in syndra 's case it 's even worse , she can just dfg-ult-e-q as you can do nothing about it as a squishy . 
  same for fizz , katarina and many other dfg users . 
  maybe they will get compensate buffs but i think riot wo n't go overboard with the buffs . 
  ahri actually had to hit charm first then she could 1-shot with dfg . 
  if she was extremely fed she could 1-shot without hitting charm but still it 's an extreme situation . 
  you can still play her as a mage with morellonomicon-deathcap-hourglass-void staff-rylai 's build . 
  i had a ryze before he got nerfed and he was landing every skill of him . 
  he did n't miss any of his skills !, 
  that letter did n't do it for me but [ spoilers ] ( / s `` seeing maria 's child as the weapon made me teary eyed for some reason . '' ), 
  it just hit me so hard . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` when ryosuke says ` what i truly wanted is that i want to live with you . ', 
  or something just before he passes . '' ), 
  i never expected to cry while watching that anime . 
  i mean it was just another ecchi ... 
  edit : dusk maiden of amnesia also made me cry like a baby but it was n't unexpected considering the nature of that anime . 
  syndra has some absurd base damages . 
  iirc her ult 's base damage is 540 at max rank which increases with balls and ap . 
  her q deals % 15 more damage to enemy champions . 
  you can have ~ 600ap with defensive item so , yeah , even with defensive item she can 1-shot you with q-r-e combo . 
  this guy likes true tears so he knows his shit . 
  try watching dusk maiden of amnesia , i think you would like it considering your list . 
  i like samurai champloo but i dislike it 's opening yet many people like it . 
  i do n't care about other shows but you are missing one true great show named code geass . 
  you are right . 
  nisekoi has an average setting for romcom/harem but shaft made it actually good somehow in my opinion . 
  death note . 
  i do n't hate the show itself but mangaka 's efforts to make yagami light a bad person deserves my hate . 
  oh and the live action movie ... 
  same . 
  - monkey d. luffy, 
  exactly what were you expecting ? 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  well , that 's what people here always do . 
  you should 've linked 10 hours version . 
  this one is n't enough ... 
  [ nisemogotarai op 3 - mousou express remix ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrervevygr0 ), 
  i enjoyed accel world . 
  but it would be so much better if main character actually developed some guts instead of getting mind reset in like every 4 episode . 
  but overall it was pretty enjoyable . 
  this is why i play osu ! . 
  i used to watch some 4 star insane map plays and think that that map is impossible for me to play . 
  yet i can play 5 star maps now . 
  feels too god to me and knowing that i will still improve makes to want to play more . 
  lane against tryndamere . 
  get hit by 2 lucky crits in a row at lvl1 or lvl2 . 
  then he hits you a few more times since you have to retreat to stay alive . 
  lose trade , lose lane . 
  lane against yasuo . 
  get hit by a lucky crit q at lvl1 or lvl2 . 
  then become a free target to trade for him . 
  lose trade , lose lane . 
  do i need a better reason for this complete luck bullshit ? 
  downvote me !, 
  wtf why did this comment get downvoted ? 
  so ... uhm ... what 's that golden reel award ? 
  cobra 's theme is also really good . 
  everytime i hear of it , it pumps me up .
