  unfortunately most of the community wo n't watch this and probably there will still be many hate comments on twitter , youtube , twitch etc. 
  anyways , who cares ? 
  wish you best luck rekkles . 
  you were one of my most favourite personalities in lcs along with froggen . 
  there are people like me and we are so happy to see you together . 
  edit * and please do something about your appearance , you were like a talking zombie at iem ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  oh god why ... 
  some good points , but mostly bad points . 
  asking the community about the balance was the worst tho . 
  there already is a solution which is riot already doing . 
  when ahri got nerfed , everyone stopped playing her and now she got a few little buffs , she is decent . 
  but not op . 
  which means , riot balance team actually knows their shit . 
  yeah and most of nidalee players are using/abusing this in lane . 
  maybe . 
  lately most of them trying to spear from fog in mid lane tho . 
  like every spear they send from bushed near the mid lane is invisible . 
  i like rng and do n't want it to be replaced . 
  this needs to happen !, 
  immediately !, 
  i can not wait god dammit !, 
  loading times before 5.84 c were pure torture . 
  mostly because my pc was a pentium 4 with 512mb ram at that time and i was n't able to alt-tab while loading . 
  op means overpowered and i 'm sure that ahri is n't overpowered right now . 
  she is an average mid laner and fun to play since she is both mage and assassin . 
  what i meant was actually what you say . 
  riot did n't buff her damage except that little buff on her q ( +0.05 ap ratio ) yet when people started to play her again they discovered that she is n't actually in a garbage spot which said by everyone when she was nerfed . 
  of course this is more about the nerfs to the other champs like ziggs , nidalee , gragas etc. 
  but what 's important is they made ahri actually balanced . 
  i 'm so happy for amazing !, 
  sounds reasonable . 
  but downvoted because of `` confirmed '' . 
  old ahri splash art was so much better . 
  i really liked her facial expression back then . 
  this one is just derpy . 
  yeah , pretty much this . 
  nail details , bigger ears and more asian face are all good but it just feels weird because of the eyes i think . 
  ahri at late s2 to mid s3 . 
  i was building hextech - dfg on her for some reason and it was working really well . 
  then she became discovered and people started to play her which is the reason i stopped playing her . 
  then i started to play gragas but he became the same ... then i started to play orianna because she is always there but not a fotm . 
  actually karma 's binding gets thinner as she gets away from her target . 
  one can tell when it will be broken i mean . 
  but , leblanc does n't have any indicator like this . 
  also , i think it should be like morgana 's . 
  so leblanc 's enemy should also see when the chain will be broken . 
  limited skins probably like football related ones . 
  this team probably will be better than dp in a short time . 
  still a dissappointing performance from dignitas since both teams played with subs . 
  too deep buddy , muricans wo n't understand this joke . 
  they played with 2 subs . 
  maybe if they were a constant team they would play in low level lcs teams or eu challenger teams . 
  but , i ca n't be sure at all . 
  downvotes what seperate youtube comments from reddit comments . 
  edit : are *, 
  works dude . 
  [ caster - fate/zero ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1m6cbamczsi/tpzqzymdq-i/aaaaaaaaije/xtd3owkw6ze/s1600/fate%2bzero%2b-%2b02%2b-%2blarge%2b27.jpg ), 
  why no one did n't mention him before ... 
  is this the history they teach in us ? 
  first of all that `` acceptance to eu '' joke was n't about history but turkey 's efforts to join european union which resulted as failure . 
  i think this whole history conversation here actually proves me right . 
  reasons of turkey hate in some eu countries , turkey 's resistance to become more western , french words in turkish , german and japanese love in turkey are all about history . 
  my intention was n't to dodge , i actually could n't give less fucks about that question . 
  now tell me more about your historical `` free trade agreements '' . 
  actually i really love p.a. 
  works animations and character drawings . 
  most of the animation studios does n't make animations as lively and realistic as p.a. 
  works . 
  this , for example , is the best animations i 've seen up until 2011 . 
  i ca n't argue with this . 
  as much as i love p.a. 
  works , kyoani did a beatiful job with clannad and clannad : after story . 
  and as you said , their older works like clannad and haruhi suzumiya no yuuutsu were better when compared to their equals at that time . 
  only angel beats !, 
  animations were as beatiful as these series in my opinion . 
  but in terms of adding something to the series , kyoani probably wins . 
  shinsekai yori definitely . 
  especially when compared to thnigs like [ steins ; gate spoilers ] ( / s '' ` this micowave is a time machine , because it is . ', 
  but even the weirdest things in shinsekai yori has an explanation which actually makes sense according to the background . 
  wait for finishing shinsekai yori . 
  background and story telling are the strongest points of that series . 
  your montages are actually good and satisfying . 
  there is no overediting , poor clips , `` ward hops insecs much outplay and stuff '' or shitty dubstep songs . 
  hope you keep doing this with this way . 
  this is more like a compilation on dodgedlol videos . 
  this video is the reason why i am here , in this thread . 
  just wanted to check . 
  2:27 got me lol, 
  just downloaded it with your recommendation and this is fucking amazing . 
   le fertilization - sivir, 
  pls halp, 
  it 's not really a winning matchup but whatever . 
  another 3-0 ... 
  because everyone has to speak and write english perfect , right ? 
  yet another 3-0 . 
  thanks for the help dude . 
  what the fuck . 
  this look better than mine battlecast prime cho ` gath . 
  1585 beatmaps with favourite being yousei teikoku - wahrheit by saten . 
  one thing you are forgetting is this is n't solo queue .
