  yeah , it 's a nice surprise to see a turkish name on the front page other than the typical akp shit . 
  watch this : http://tr.beinsports.com/lig/spor-toto-super-lig/ozet/2016-2017/32/besiktas-4-1-kasimpasa-mac-ozeti, 
  last week 's match . 
  he played amazing . 
  he did n't play this week , probably because \u015eenol g\u00fcne\u015f wanted to be safe and keep him for the next week 's match . 
  edit : video might be region locked though . 
  yeah . 
  i like him and he 's a very good player when he 's on his day but sometimes he just vanishes in the pitch . 
  and sometimes he gets his moments like heading a player like he did in the olympiakos match . 
  still i really hope that we can buy him . 
  who cares if they lose ? 
  sometimes twisted fate too . 
  actually turkey is a 1st world country . 
  these 1st , 2nd and 3rd world thing was made up when the world was divided during the cold war . 
  1st world : usa , nato and allies, 
  2nd world : ussr , warsaw pact and allies, 
  3rd world : neutral countries, 
  so according to this for example switzerland is a 3rd world country . 
  the more you know ... 
  it 's located in istanbul . 
  in the announcement they state that they had to build a server in istanbul because that 's where most of the players live . 
  and all of pro players . 
  you can use this : https://lexwah.com/lvoc/, 
  yeah , people use those terms as developed , developing , undeveloped nowadays and there is nothing wrong with that in my opinion . 
  turkey would be a 2nd world country then . 
  fenix was a great azir player though . 
  probably still is . 
   i had played dota since 2005 and there was n't standard keybinds then ( or i was n't aware of how to access them if there were ) . 
  no , there was n't a standard keybinds back then . 
  only shadow fiend 's raze hotkeys were designed in a closer fashion ( not qwe or asd though , zxc iirc ) . 
  still , i could n't get used to qwer or asdf in dota because of years of experience with other hotkeys . 
  i mean fissure should be f and echo slam should be c. 
  i only used autohotkey to set item hotkeys to 123456 because numpad was impossible to use in time . 
  what ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  we loaned talisca and we got benfica . 
  we bought g\u00f6khan \u0130nler and we got napoli . 
  this time we bought pepe ... 
  it 's in our genes dude . 
  we were destined to be passionate holigans . 
  itt : salty na fans claiming vlad is a op shit and it 's the only reason why they lost while being a non-existing pick before this match . 
  bard mid : works very well against melee champs like talon or fizz . 
  even if you get outharassed you can always heal yourself and your empowered aas provide a constant harass to the enemy . 
  basically you play like a lulu mid except you have a better burst ( believe me , if you did n't see how a full ap bard can burst with stun-1 empowered aa you will be shocked ) . 
  also you can set up ganks in mid lane easily , you can gank bot/top easily with your r or e. i build nashor 's tooth-lich bane and boots of lucidity to maximize cdr and provide a reliable damage to the team . 
  rest of the items depends on the game . 
  lulu top : i know this was a meta pick some time ago but the way i play her is different since her meta playstyle does n't work well in the top lane anymore . 
  basically , i play her like kayle . 
  nashor 's and guinsoo 's are core , sometimes hurricane or hextech too to deal even more damage with aas . 
  but sometimes i go for a more utility style by building rabadon 's deathcap and maximizing cdr after getting nashor 's and guinsoo 's . 
  either way you can pretty much neutralize her weaknesses which are low damage output and being too reliant on her teammates . 
  you can deal damage by yourself and you can make their top laner useless . 
  you got ta have a good iniatiator to make this build work though . 
  if you see the enemy picking teemo top , picking a comfortable and meta top laner can be hard especially if you are n't a top lane main . 
  ap/as lulu top is the solution i found for this situation , she deals damage like teemo and actually works in teamfights too unlike teemo . 
  but you can also pick her into melee matchups because she is ranged . 
  leblanc adc : as troll as it sounds , it works in solo q. 
  too mobile , impossible to kill . 
  with ap leblanc usually you have to dive in to get kills but with ad leblanc you sacrifice some damage but become impossible to kill . 
  if you feel like your team has nothing to protect you as the adc ( for example a comp like fiora top-yi jungle-vlad mid-leona support , all are common for solo q ) , in my opinion leblanc is a solid choice . 
  she does n't have any aa steroids and her base as sucks but here 's the thing : ad carries have to deal damage and to deal damage you have to stay alive . 
  this is where ad leblanc comes in , she 's a slippery bastard . 
  oh , and even if she builds ad , she still has her base damages which are too high for the bot lane so she also is a lane bully in the bot lane . 
  i did n't try this one in ranked though but one day i 'm gon na pull it off . 
  i knew it was soaz . 
  damn , nice work . 
  i already loved all songs i 've listened in graves ' main playlist . 
  i even added a few of them to my favourites in spotify . 
  on a side note , i realized that you have no ads and you actually put a warning for users to use adblock . 
  should n't this be the other way around ? 
  i mean if you do n't earn money from the ads , how can we support you ? 
  now that i 've seen this , i ship it . 
   tornado of souls for yorick, 
  and master of puppets too !, 
  serj tankian - empty walls on taliyah playlist ... 
  i 'm dying lol, 
  edit : and build that wall from bastion ost ... 
  mad ? 
  i 'm turkish and even i 'm not mad , in fact this song is a perfect fit imo . 
  agreed . 
  aether wing kayle and battlecast cho ` gath . 
  they both feel like complete badass . 
  edit : pre-vu rocket girl tristana used to make me feel like i was doing better . 
  but now i do n't even like the looks of that skin . 
  we use surnames for the foreigners though . 
  it 's just that we do n't usually call anyone turkish by their surnames . 
  it already does . 
  there 's this saying in turkish `` k\u00fcplere binmek '' and it literally means `` getting on to/riding the cubes '' but it actually means getting really angry . 
  it 's like `` he rode the cubes '' means `` he 's very angry '' . 
  it never made sense to me . 
  / cast rocket jump, 
  - me with my goblin afflilock, 
  uniqueness = / = higher pick rate, 
  if that was the case asol or ivern would be pick/ban . 
   graves had a shotgun and just shit out a single bullet, 
  meanwhile ashe has a single bow but she shits multiple arrows with her q turned on but no one complains about that . 
  `` i see the lannister army . 
  it 's weird that there 's no snow there but they look beatiful . '', 
  never liked ck series . 
  hoi and eu are the way to go .
