  alliance is n't like that , sometimes froggen shine sometimes tabbz or shook does , but i ca n't tell how they will play if rekkles replaces tabzz . 
  i do n't want that . 
  yeah well they must be looking at other things otherwise they would see wards , right ? 
  he got baited so hard lol, 
  if someone would say `` piglet will play for curse in s5 '' 1 year ago , fuck me i would n't believe . 
  seraph , helios , lustboy made it so i think piglet will make it too . 
  he has months to practice after all . 
  that was pretty obvious by vi , i think deft tried to challenge him . 
  i think they do n't want people to realize that this game is hackable . 
  i ca n't see any other reasonable excuse for this . 
  i 'm afraid to play ranked lol, 
  that 's some next level shit dude . 
  whoa whoa let 's not get crazy there ... 
  unexpected ? 
  are you bob ? 
  oh god ... 
  they were supposed to fight with koreans but they 're becoming koreans ... 
  gambit = darth vader confirmed . 
  i just want a match like where froggen played blitzcrankd support and krepo played anivia mid . 
  that match was awesome . 
  it 's 30secs longer than vi 's ultimate , so i think it seems balanced since nocturne has like 4-5 times longer range on ultimate . 
  vi 's ultimate affects 1 person mostly in early game , it 's her only strong gank option , nocturne has fear so his mid-top ganks are pretty good even without ultimate . 
  i did n't even mention the fear nocturne 's ultimate gives . 
  let 's say , you are trading at top and nocturne used ulti , there is no way of knowing that he will come to you or went to bot/mid . 
  so you have to stop trading in an instant , mostly lose the trade . 
  that seems not really important but actually it is . 
  tabzz said `` if there is a replacement plan about me , i do n't know about it . 
  i just want to play with alliance . '', 
  or smth like that on ask.fm . 
  well , he is kinda right tho . 
  he was the best mannered player in eu according to reddit before this incident and now he is hated . 
  i do n't hate him , but if he has a finger in the tabzz incident , he will lose a part of my respect for him . 
  i just want to learn how is this happening ... 
  read comments dude . 
  people are acting like tabzz is a victim and rekkles is a cruel mofo . 
  i 'm not sure if this is true or not but i just want to trust rekkles . 
  i like tabzz but i actually do n't like his attidude about this situation since his ask.fm answer which was `` rekkles has been trying to take my job since the beginning of summer split . '', 
  this does n't seem professional to me , maybe this answer was the beginning of rekkles hate . 
  showing interest is n't enough in this situation . 
  they kicked the # 2 or # 1 adc in eu . 
  that 's not simple as that . 
  rekkles should 've did something or alliance team/organization is passionate about rekkles . 
  what i meant was if rekkles did something like more than showing interest , that would n't seem as a good manner to me . 
  i 'm not saying that rekkles is wrong , i think he just wants to be on a team that trains hard and passionate about worlds . 
  who said i respect the `` real world '' guys ? 
  faker is faking ^ ^ i 'm ^ done ^ here, 
  just played an aram game with cait and yeah it 's back . 
  ** how do you feel about parting ways with all ? 
  first of all our lineup was inconsistent at it 's core : shook is inconsistent , nyph is weak in lane + inconsistent in teamfights and wickd can only perform on specific champions . 
  froggen is a great consistent player who i never really had any trouble with and could usually rely on , especially on mage-type champions . 
  i did n't like his gameplay on assassin type champions as much though ( fizz , zed , yasuo ) , even though his ahri was really good ( but ahri is n't really an assassin i guess ) . 
  i did n't like how we played out games , we had very little game plan with shook and nyph barely communicating in any game so almost all the early mid game plays we made were never set up but more instinctual and in the moment ( which further added to randomness and inconsistency ) . 
  froggen was a decent shot caller in later parts of the games but only if we were ahead : if we were behind , his main game plan was hope the enemy makes a mistake . 
  we would never try anything risky to get back , although the risk-free playstyle from behind did net us a lot of wins if our enemies stepped out of bounds ( which happened a ton in europe : see our playoff games at gamescom . 
  we should have lost the bo5 vs sk for the combined reasons in this paragraph . 
  they outpicked and outplayed us strategically but misplayed and threw the games ) . 
  go figure why we perfect game nsjw and lose vs kabum . 
  besides that , i was never truly good friends with anyone on our team to the point where i could discuss personal issues comfortably . 
  it was a boring team personal relation wise and that grinds on you a bit in long seasons . 
  they were more colleagues than anything and i felt quite lonely in the house . 
  in parting ways i hope to find a lineup that i enjoy playing in more , and can bring out the best in me both ingame and out of the game . 
  seems like what we ( reddit ) said the whole was the actual truth . 
  edit * i mean , when they play like a team they seem unstoppable as we saw at njws / c9 games . 
  but , when they lose their shit they can be beaten by kabum . 
  sometimes minion projectiles gets changed to summoner skill icons like ignite or flash . 
  that bass sound . 
  i do n't know why but i feel like forg1ven will be alliance 's adc . 
  credits were the best part lol, 
  i love aphromoo 's laugh . 
  she will see some play , then most of people will stop playing her again . 
  quinn is n't the op adc people are looking for so she will stay as a `` fun '' pick . 
  oh god lol, 
  i just happened to think that `` we wo n't pick any koreans this season . '', 
  as froggen said means they wo n't pick any korean this season . 
   do n't upvote this, 
  instantly upvoted . 
  sometimes i 'm having dreams about league . 
  i have higher ping than normal but did n't disconnect yet . 
  also sometimes i 'm having spikes but i 'm not sure if it 's about rito . 
  according to speedtest.net my ping is 1ms , my ingame ping is however is 90-100ms . 
  it was 60-70ms 2 weeks ago . 
  my only pentakill this season is with sejuani and she is ranked 95th . 
  god bless . 
  annie is really strong against low range sustainless champs . 
  she also becomes a walking 1-shot machine after 6 . 
  counters : high range . 
  baiting her ult without dying , outplaying . 
  in lane , sustain is pretty strong against him . 
  barrier/exhaust summoner spells are needed . 
  i recommend for you to play mordekaiser with exhaust or lux with barrier . 
  build early mr. 
  edit * for clarification , i do n't play annie but i played against annie many times in dia2 + elo . 
  you 've never been in plat , have you ? 
  every game everyone whines about everything . 
  dia2 + is actually pretty good . 
  dia3-5 however is n't different from plat . 
  most of them are already challenger but they got trolls/feeders/afkers everytime etc. 
  yep , that 's what i was thinking . 
  pc gaming is still growing at japan , so a game like league can make it happen faster . 
  also , japanese people like the competition and league provides a strong competition feeling .
