  [ let it go ... ] ( http://www.myinstants.com/instant/let-it-go-1st/ ), 
   ps : d\u00f6ner was even invented in germany , albeit by a turkish man, 
  woah . 
  i did n't know this . 
  d\u00f6ner is so common here in turkey so i thought it was a turkish thing invented in turkey since i did n't see any d\u00f6ner in movies or heard about it in the internet until i met some germans . 
  but it makes sense because unlike kebab we do n't have a history with d\u00f6ner afaik . 
  so many skins , rito pls mercy, 
  every minion got stunned while kog ` maw was freely walking away . 
  that should be an interesting camera angle buddy . 
  i also hate syndra but nerfing/buffing or fixing bugs are different things . 
  when i look at all the hate rekkles is still getting , i do n't think the league community is reasonable . 
  it 's more like your first hit has a % 8 chance to crit , next one has a % 25 chance to crit , next one has a % 50 chance to crit and the 4th hit has a % 100 chance to crit with % 25 crit chance . 
  numbers are completely made up by me but it should give an idea about how it works . 
  iirc warcraft 3 was n't using this algorythm so icefrog coded these into dota abilities . 
  lol and dota 2 also uses the same algorythm . 
  it had a name but i do n't remember it ... 
  edit : here it is http://dota2.gamepedia.com/pseudo-random_distribution?cookiesetup=true, 
  i like crit mechanic . 
  i know the league is an e-sport and all but it 's a game in the first place and having a luck mechanic makes it more exciting to play in my opinion . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think they 're making something unique to ashe . 
  like they did with kallista , she ca n't cancel her auto attacks which is something essential with attack-spacing and kite-spacing but gets something unique in return . 
  sometimes they make this bugs a feature like riven 's wall hop . 
  thank . 
  if he was mini-rekkles then why is it dumb to replace him with full-rekkles ? 
  cakeboys represent !, 
  thanks ^ ^, 
  well that still makes him better than mini-rekkles . 
  ever since chromas are announced every 1 of 2 person ( maybe more ) in reddit complained about it in different ways and riot still went with it without changing anything at all . 
  only 100-200 upvoted threads were able to make them change something about a unreleased skin but they did n't give a single fuck about community this time . 
  i wo n't buy them . 
  mfw i realize that dank meme itself is a dank meme, 
  that 's one of the worst feelings i had with the league . 
  clg did n't win anything in the past years and they were about to get relegated last summer split . 
  it 's only natural that fans are losing faith in the management because hsgg gave them many promises and none of them came true yet . 
  bjergsen also ca n't be banned out but zed is usually banned against him . 
  except for what ? 
  i played dota from 2006 to 2012 the year i started playing lol . 
  after playing lol for 2 years or so i tried to play dota 2 since i had a new laptop and i was finally bored of lol or maybe i was frustrated by some bad solo q games . 
  result is i could n't play dota 2 at all . 
  mostly because i was so used to lol gameplay with low manacost spammable abilities , nearly non-existent turn rates , fast paced and objective based gameplay . 
  i miss playing dota actually but dota and lol has so little similarities by the means of gameplay . 
  i tried hots and it 's more similar to lol gameplay . 
  i think i 'm gon na give hots a more serious shot . 
  * sigh *, 
  i remember a reference of baklava ( a turkish dessert ) in tonari no kaibutsu-kun . 
  in anohana while that fat guy was talking about traveling he also mentioned turkey . 
  there was a picture of ataturk in gits . 
  i believe it was stand alone complex but i 'm not sure , it 's been so long since i watched it . 
  edit2 : found the [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/guewzxl.jpg ), 
  in fma , king bradley 's son is named selim , a turkish name . 
  there were a few references of turkish stuff in monster . 
  it 's kinda normal though since it 's taking place in germany . 
  and there was a reference of nicaea in devil survivor 2 . 
  it 's the ancient name of a turkish town , iznik , and the place where i live . 
  it 's the place where the council of nicaea held . 
  edit : and there is this http://i.imgur.com/dac70uq.png, 
  yol ( the way ) is an award winning turkish drama movie . 
  saette guezelle = sait g\u00fczel , a character from the movie . 
  i do n't like taxing because it usually fucks up my hardly earned lane control . 
  shoving the wave together is a different thing , i actually try to let my jungler to get cs . 
  anele, 
  varus ' trades and poke is a lot stronger than jinx . 
  full machine viktor ! = creator viktor, 
  uh that should be bad . 
  got ta farm the sweet sweet karma . 
  please do n't leave we need you . 
  sounds like that skill will be more buggy than azir 's r. 
  it shows tsm has more fans and that 's a fact we all already know . 
  57 child comments . 
  a little bit of rustling , yeah . 
  denmark , germany , sweden and poland are carrying the rest of europe . 
  france , united kingdom and spain are also strong though . 
  so salty . 
  another circle clicker !, 
  well probably everyone knows that except dumbledoge . 
  in an interview he said `` i have a feeling that we 're gon na play in the finals . '', 
  nice that he is holding on his hope though . 
  inb4 cristiano ronaldo challenges faker for zed 1v1, 
   i got pregnant from that, 
  best . 
  coming through, 
  oooohhhh, 
  4head 4head, 
  looool, 
  that was so unexpected . 
  well if you want to compare na champion to the wildcard champion , go on mate . 
  sarcasm part is so bad that it makes your point even worse . 
  i hate tsm because of reginald & locodoco 's bullshit tweets in the past . 
  they just got away with those bullshit because they rode their popularity . 
  eu vs na is a thing . 
  na vs tr is n't a thing . 
  when you make a * sarcasm * about na vs tr it does n't instantly becomes a thing . 
  defending na and blaming eu users with that * sarcasm * is pathetic . 
  gon na run along now . 
  yeah !, 
  it 's almost like reddit is n't only a person . 
  welp . 
  he hard carried bjk against intz in iwci finals with rumble and hecarim . 
  that 's why they 're banned againt him .
