  kebabs take 15mins to 12 hours ( kuyu kebab\u0131 ) to prepare so it 's understandable that germans were n't interested in it since it 's not really a lunch type food . 
  a few different kebab types :, 
  iskender kebab : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/iskender_kebap.jpg ( my favourite and i 'm sure people make this in germany too ), 
  adana kebab : http://www.vermontrestaurantweek.com/wp-content/uploads/rw-adana-kebab-on-skewers.jpg, 
  i guess you mean adana kebab d\u00fcr\u00fcm ? 
  like this ? 
  if so , yeah . 
  `` kebab '' means `` grilled/cooked '' in arabic and in the ottomans era we borrowed that word and started to call some turkish meals kebab ( mostly with meat but there are kebabs without meat too ) . 
  there are iranian , syrian , arabic kebabs too . 
  i mean it 's not something special , it does n't have to qualify to be a kebab . 
  if you cook or grill it , then it 's a kebab but it 's up to you to call it that way of course . 
  edit : oh sorry , i did n't see the link you provided . 
  we were talking about the same thing anyways though . 
  here you go : http://www.turkeysforlife.com/2011/01/bulgur-pilaf-recipe.html, 
  it 's up to you to decide what you will add to the pilav . 
  or pilaf . 
  not sure what it 's called in english . 
  you describe something like adana kebab\u0131 . 
  it 's the one most popular in turkey too and my second favourite after iskender . 
  if it 's not adana kebab\u0131 then i do n't know . 
  it 's kinda like sushi . 
  there many different types of sushi yet many people only know one of them . 
  it 's the same deal with kebabs . 
  i only know eggplant ( patl\u0131can ) kebab\u0131 as meatless kebab . 
  some people make it with meat some people do n't . 
  maybe it was originally with meat but people started to make it without meat . 
  edit : i guess you are right . 
  when i searched for patl\u0131can kebab\u0131 in google every image was with meat . 
  not sure if i 'm happy with this or not . 
  we get great players but it 's like they choose when to play and when not to play . 
  oh it 's more like a k\u00f6fte than a kebab . 
  it 's similar in shape to [ tekirda\u011f k\u00f6ftesi ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=tekirda%c4%9f+k%c3%b6fte&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=775&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiajo-h9q3nahupkrqkhzmyaksq_auibigb ) but cevapi seems bigger and has more than one recipes since the images i see in wikipedia seems different . 
  only better song was australia imo . 
  and with a strike we mean mario fucking gomez . 
  i also blame the coach . 
  when you look at the roster it does n't seem bad on the paper but we play like headless chickens when it comes to the field . 
  i 'm from turkey and every muslim and some ex-muslims believe in genies . 
  most people say some prayers before they sleep so genies wo n't disturb them . 
  coffee fortune is also connected to genies by some people . 
  some say it 's a gift and some say there are genies whispering the fortune to the fortune teller . 
  either way i 'd say it 's paranormal . 
  some trees would seem as cursed by genies , sitting on the door front is bad , peeing in the bath is very bad since genies like dirty places and for some reason bathhouses , being blonde with bright eyes means that genies are more likely to disturb you same with living with a pet . 
  that 's why most of the turks keep their pets outside of their homes . 
  most people believe in magic . 
  dark magic i mean like curses . 
  they believe that genies help some people to cast some magic like destroying marriages , making people abortive etc. 
  it 's pretty common belief i guess . 
  at least almost muslim i know here believes them . 
  weird thing is they seem like voodoo stuff mixed with islamic stuff to me . 
  some people believe in ghosts . 
  graveyards seem as bad places . 
  like cursed . 
  some people believe that sleeping in a graveyard would make a person associated with ghosts so most of them people stay away from graveyard keepers . 
  most of the muslim turks believe that atheists are the devilish people and they serve the satan . 
  but i guess that 's a common thing with religious people in the whole world so i do n't think that counts . 
  i 'm so angry that fatih terim is using him in the most important match and not in the previous games . 
  it 's like if we succeed terim will get the praise because he made the change and if we fail he will blame emre mor . 
  maybe i 'm too pessimistic but knowing terim it seems this way to me . 
  hopefully . 
   if we fail, 
  this is just how terim acts when his team fails . 
  after we lost against spain he blamed the team while it 's manager 's job to prepare the team mentally against stronger teams . 
  turkey did n't look like prepared in any kind to me against spain . 
  especially in the mental way . 
  and terim blamed the players for giving up . 
  i still could n't get used to the turquoise color on our kits . 
  but otherwise it looks great imo . 
  so many yellow cards . 
  damn they 're going hard on mor . 
  it 's still too early to call him that . 
  we are corluka now boyz !, 
  agreed . 
  a czech player hits another czech player and this another czech player hits turkish player . 
  it 's against the goalkeeper and there is no ball about that move . 
  hopefully dortmund will make him a better shooter and passer . 
  his dribbling and vision are already there . 
  mfw the least liked turkish players amongst fans is about to make us advance . 
  lol at the terim moves, 
  miles offside . 
  oh god no . 
  inb4 you get your revenge by making a comeback this match . 
  how many of these teams will advance ? 
  wow . 
  that 's a lot . 
  i thought 3 or even 2 . 
   perfect sex god . 
  good to know that i 'm not alone . 
  i 'd boo the shit out of him after this comment if i were in the stadium . 
  damn i 'm so divided . 
  i love underdogs and dzsudzsak seems like a cool guy . 
  on the other hand i 'm a besiktas fan and i want quaresma to be succesful and happy . 
  what ? 
  they are icelandic ? 
  i love them and i did n't know this . 
  on the paper , they 're not overrated . 
  when i saw the results i thought they voted to leave but % 50.1 would n't be enough and they 'd remain in the eu . 
  this is why democracy does n't work correctly if all voters are n't as informed as the other one or if they just do n't care . 
  and if the population is large enough there is no escape than this dangerous part of democracy . 
  it might drag countries to the downhill like we 're experiencing here in turkey for years . 
  sums up turkey and it 's history with erdogan perfectly .
