  grow up . 
  when someone on your team picks shaco . 
  when someone on enemy team picks shaco . 
  awesome play !, 
  by the way , can you give me your skin ? 
  i could n't manage to supress kiai mode with my skin . 
  i use 2100dpi . 
  of course win :6 / 11 , in-game :1.00 and raw input : on . 
  my resolution is 1920x1080 and fullscreen . 
  it 's pretty comfortable for me , so i do n't think your sensivity is too high . 
  woman i believe . 
  her voice reminded me of [ nano 's voice . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ogxqnwogmy ), 
  i agree . 
  iirc rekkles and tabzz said that they 're the best 2 ad carries in eu before worlds . 
  the reason why they did n't say like `` i 'm the best '' or `` other one is the best '' is their different playstyles . 
  you ca n't completely compare 2 different playstyles . 
  i still am not sure if rekkles will do better than tabzz in elements . 
  honestly tabzz was everything alliance would want from an adc . 
  rekkles proved himself in fnatic but even if he is a godlike adc , it 's not for sure that he will do well in elements . 
  edit : i wish tabzz all of the best luck . 
  but , i think the reason why he is n't on a team right now is about himself . 
  a player like tabzz ca n't stay teamless unless he wants to . 
  yeah , they removed her core item and removed damage amp . 
  from charm , but hey she does n't need any love !, 
  i do n't like riot 's balance team . 
  they buff a champion , it backfires . 
  instead of reverting their * buff * , they nerf that champ 's other parts pretty hard and leave their * buff * there . 
  edit : meanwhile azir , xerath , jarvan iv are still untouched . 
  and the worst part is , ahri was completely balanced before they remove dfg . 
  you forgot ziggs . 
  it 's an easily dodgeable skillshot . 
  olaf also has true damage on a low cd and i do n't think olaf 's deals * good * damage . 
  xerath 's passive is the most op part of his kit . 
  tell me what does * core item * mean . 
  i do n't think he is op but he is currently the strongest and the most complete jungler . 
  previously when a champion has been like this , riot nerfed him . 
  i also do n't like this attitude of theirs . 
  j4 did n't get buffed/nerfed since ages , yet i bet now he is strong he is going to be nerfed soon . 
  bad thing is even if they manage to make ahri a poke/kite mage , she will be a tier3 , at most tier2 pick because there are mages who can offer so much better poke/siege/kite . 
   ahri balanced before dfg got removed ? 
  the problem was that if she got dfg and was a bit ahead , she could easily snowball and murder anybody without much effort , once a single e landed . 
  is n't this the case with almost every champion ? 
  if brand gets ahead and builds rabadon early , he can 1-shot any squishy if he lands stun . 
  he does n't even need dfg to be honest . 
  ahri was balanced because her laning was n't too strong , her mid-late was average but experienced ahri players were always doing their job . 
  i think this is what defines a balanced champion . 
  sometimes strong , sometimes useless , depends on the player and teamcomp . 
  i do n't think ahri needed nerfs , but even if she did , after the removal of dfg and magic damage amp . 
  from charm , this nerfs are overkill in my opinion . 
  edit : xerath is n't problematic except his laning phase . 
  his passive and early mana regen build path makes him untouchable in lane while he pokes you to death with every single q-w . outside of laning phase , he seems balanced to me . 
  my custom skin . 
  especially if you can cover meiikyuu i 'd be very happy . 
  i really like his maps . 
  bakuman series . 
  it was so good . 
  i 'm actually angry at myself as why i did n't watch it sooner . 
  angel beats !, 
  i 've watched more than 150 series and still i consider angel beats !, 
  as a masterpiece . 
  reminds me of lucian aa range and e ability changes ... 
  most of the mages spam their ability * like it is nothing * . 
  orianna , syndra , azir , xerath , ziggs , malzahar , karthus and many more . 
  i do n't get why this is a bad thing , they 're mages they 're supposed to fight with their spells . 
  so ahri was completely balanced before they remove dfg and she is broken right now because they removed dfg and buffed her . 
  and she is getting nerfed hard because they removed dfg and buffed her . 
  and she will be weaker than she was before they removed dfg without buffing her . 
  seems legit . 
  this is important . 
  he said that they still do n't have internet on their apartments , eta 1-2 weeks . 
  i was using 5xas 4xhybridpen marks + 5xflatarmor 4xflathp seals + 9xflatap glpyhs + 2xflatarmor 1xas quints with 21/9 ap/jungle mastery page . 
  it 's pretty good for clearing because as helps diana a lot . 
  i hate sona . 
  i literally hate sona . 
  but i 'm going to buy this skin . 
  damn these songs are fucking majestic !, 
  well played rito you got me !, 
  lucian 's theme music was also made by crystal method . 
  i still watch that live performance time to time . 
  perfect opening for worlds !, 
  aside from code geass and ttgl , my answer would be kill la kill . 
  that 's how you play master yi actually . 
  many turkish players describe euw just like that guy . 
  that 's how bad a community turkey server has . 
  i guess korean community is n't different . 
  cowsep is playing master yi as he should . 
  he farms in the early game , after-6 or sometimes earlier he begins to gank . 
  if they can get ahead or stay equal , he groups . 
  if they ca n't , he split pushes . 
  hell , he even takes tp to have more map pressure . 
  i do n't get why all of you talk like he is a selfish asshole who only farms and never groups . 
  cowsep does n't play this way and anyone who watches his stream knows this . 
  yeah , let 's decide what he should play because we know better right ? 
  just pink the spear with your alley oop, 
  indeed . 
  it 's been years since i played sona , but i will spam her when i buy that skin . 
  i will play her in every role including bruiser sona . 
   stfu, 
  most of the snowball champs are nerfed .
