  bad thing about rekkles is when his team gets behind in a teamfight he tends to bitch out . 
  that was n't the case with fnatic last season since the only was better than fnatic was alliance . 
   by a mile, 
  not really . 
  shook just needs to be consistent . 
  when he plays , he plays like a fucking god but when he does n't he looks like a average solo q jungler . 
  if he does n't get consistent he needs to be replaced though , just like link 's case . 
  then do n't change your username . 
  nobody is enforcing you to change . 
  even if hai tilts hard , he still gets his caller job done pretty much perfectly . 
  i really see no reason to replace him . 
  that fucking clickbait . 
  hai is n't mechanically good but i also do n't think he is bad as reddit makes him . 
  that line-up is familiar ... 
  team alternate . 
  that should be the reason why gambit beat sso . 
  and when he engaged with twitch the final fight against fnatic in the play-off final game 4 of summer split . 
  when i think about `` losing a duel vs winning several games by agression '' losing a duel seems unimportant . 
  i mean he was n't perfect but he was the adc who allliance needed and probably elements needs . 
  this is a good play . 
  but this is n't a play that worth a highlight . 
  it 's here because video includes faker . 
  so if there is n't any play that worth a highlight from eu/na does it make this one any better ? 
  i could n't follow your logic here . 
  if sneaky gets a pentakill in lcs that becomes a highlight because it 's a professional match but if sneaky gets a pentakill on a solo q game that does n't automatically becomes a highlight since he gets more often . 
  if the plays were good surely that becomes a highlight though . 
  when shook escaped a whole fnatic team with kha ` zix by running around their half of the map , that was a quality highlight . 
  if it was a solo q game , that would still be a highlight because it was pretty special . 
  what i mean by that is solo q highlights ! = lcs highlights . 
  he did it, 
  obviously http://myanimelist.net/character/8027/noe_isurugi, 
   white and gold, 
  you mean blue and black ? 
  perfect . 
  even if it 's so [ spoilers ] ( / s `` she acted like a bitch '' ), 
  i still get chills when i listen to madder sky or endless story . 
  they did n't a survey to me . 
  of course that does n't mean their data is invalid . 
  but that also means i do n't have to agree with them . 
  food, 
  i do n't care about q beign a skillshot but i think moving cdr passive to the ultimate is weird . 
  % 30cdr is cool but ryze will get some cdr before lvl16 anyways and it will most likely be frozen heart which gives % 20cdr . 
  weird design . 
  i 'm not sure how will people play ryze after this changes . 
  so ryze has mana scaling abilities but only 2 items he can fully use are roa - archangel 's staff . 
  that 's just weird . 
  this changes ryze completely . 
  his new passive should give him some tankiness but i do n't think that would be enough . 
   in solo q , i try not to depend on my team to carry me but , despite being extremely fed , it 's honestly still up to my team to peel for me to win or not . 
  you have a team . 
  use them . 
  my first penta was with elise . 
  she was damn op at that time . 
  they made eu lcs more exciting to watch than na lcs . 
  previously i was watching eu lcs because i was supporting alliance and airing times were more comfortable for me . 
  this year i watched eu lcs because uol . 
  they always delivered . 
  for many times i was about to change my flair , i love them . 
  that 's deep . 
  he was shit though . 
  it 's more about the shifting meta . 
  shield buff has a little effect . 
  3/5 member change is something equal to evil geniuses to alliance change . 
  i think that should solve some problems while creating new ones . 
  i also believe that the changes will be for the better . 
  tpa orianna was the best skin for orianna before her winter skin . 
  i know a lot of people also like her other skins but tpa was the best one for me and i did n't even know what tpa is when i bought it . 
  they both are really good but nardeus was playing for the better team . 
  not saying nardeus is worse but i think they are kinda equal to each other . 
  nardeus plays like tabzz-style while holyphoenix plays like rekkles-style . 
  what the fuck does this mean ? 
  relevant flair, 
  this cho ` gath sounds like christian grey . 
  damn right !, 
  does n't change the fact that it 's a legendary skin like piltover customs blitzcrank and lion dance kog ` maw . 
  yeah he was even using sultan tryndamere skin !, 
  their worlds performance was n't bad except kabum !, 
  game . 
  they won a game against c9 , threw other one while ahead . 
  they destroyed najin in a game , threw other one . 
  then kabum !, 
  happened . 
  considering the difficulty of their group they did pretty well . 
  not a downgrade but a change of playstyle . 
  tabzz was more like a playmaker adc . 
  he won some games with his adc engages . 
  rekkles on the other hand is more like a namei type of a adc . 
  he deals a good damage while being safe . 
  i think rekkles is one of the most emotional pro players . 
  leaving fnatic was a smart choice since everyone except yellowstar was also leaving . 
  leaving elements is , i think , is more about the team environment . 
  froggen is the leader of this team and probably some stuff happened between the team/froggen and rekkles . 
  if he ca n't do anything about the team environment and thinks that leaving is the best for the team and himself , i think this is also a smart choice . 
  i think this way because he put a really solid performance at iem before spring split but he never shined ever since then . 
  he is not average at best . 
  that 's the thing i was talking about . 
  he was the adc for fnatic before s3 spring split began and he was one of the best ad carries in eu , if not the best . 
  he stayed at the top to the end of s4 . 
  in that 2 years meta shifted many times and he still stayed at the top . 
  i do n't think his ability to adapt lacks at all .
