  i think they should keep them at lcs too . 
  i do n't know , maybe something about their recent performances would be good as it would be boring to read their biography every single time . 
   do n't want them to give up pro careers for ( the far more profitable route ) streaming ; apparently similar to the streaming situation in na, 
  this is something na/eu bashers should also learn . 
  by the way , judging western teams based on tsm or sk is n't really healty . 
  tsm was inconsistent and you know what happened with sk . 
  c9-all-fnc and lmq did n't even play yet . 
  i 'm not sure how is riot choosing beta testers . 
  they should have some conditions , right ? 
  like maybe a league condition or 2 + years player condition . 
  also , they should expand pbe to eu or maybe to asia as well . 
  there are thousands of beta tester candidates who are playing this game and every champion/patch is coming with many bugs . 
  more people from over the world should work better . 
  what is love, 
  let 's see ... 
  rekkles and yellowstar did n't lose a lane in spring and summer splits of eu to the likes of tabzz-nyph , candypanda-nrated which is a good bot lane proved at group b. 
  deft and heart is n't known for their good laning phase but their mid-late game impact which is n't something yellowstar and rekkles lack . 
  their teamfighting is also really good and rekkles ' positioning & mechanics are clearly really good . 
  i think , rekkles and yellowstar may really be the best bot lane in the world except ssw 's bot . 
  i 'm ready to get downvoted . 
  they lost to uzi-zero , but they also lost to rekkles-yellowstar so we ca n't compare them . 
  i think uzi is better than rekkles in terms of mechanic but rekkles is a safer player which is valuable for an adc player . 
  i ca n't compare yellowstar and zero , both are gifted players . 
  agreed . 
  zero-uzi , mata-imp , yellowstar-rekkles , heart-deft should be best bot lanes of worlds right now but i 'm not sure which one is the best . 
  i 'm also a big fan of c9 bot lane , even while they 're losing they do their work flawlessly but they do n't shine . 
  why do you hate alliance this much ? 
  i saw you in a thread where you were bashing alliance while praising na teams and now you are yet again bashing alliance while praising rekkles . 
  it seems you are n't some na/eu fanboy but a guy who hates only alliance . 
  i 'm curious . 
  actually it 's reverse . 
  rekkles said in an interview `` i want to be european deft . '', 
  then deft changed his ign to rekk1es in korea . 
  i 'm sure they 're friends , just wanted to correct . 
  i 'm not following their practice times but since tabzz watches anime and other stuff like playing osu ! , it 's likely for him to practice lesser than rekkles . 
  easy boy , i was just curious . 
  i got you wrong than , sorry about that . 
  when you won this contest ,, 
  * reginald was tsm 's mid laner . 
  * alliancelol was n't founded yet . 
  * eg was an eu team . 
  * vulcun was n't xdg and they were seemed really strong . 
  * lmq was playing at lpl . 
  * dade was shit tier at korea, 
  * gambit was one of the top 3 of eu . 
  * piglet was the best adc . 
  * seraph was unknown for us . 
  * dexter was lemondogs ' jungler . 
  * samsung blue was n't a good team and samsung white was actually samsung ozone . 
  * lustboy was cj entus blaze 's support and also he was one of the best at korea . 
  * doublelift & krepo were at analyst desk ... . 
  edit * locodoco was still playing for njws , he left njws at september 2013 . 
  so , i messed up , thanks / u/ealoffer, 
  dade seemed as worse than many other at korea after worlds . 
  i think i messed with locodoco . 
  editing right now . 
  alliance did n't found a lol team yet which i tried to mention . 
  i know they founded their dota team earlier and they won ti3 . 
  [ yes . 
  i did , but did n't want to change the context since there is a reply about that part . 
  do n't give a fuck about downvotes , it 's reddit . 
  last time i said `` diana actually is strong against talon . '', 
  i had like -20 . 
  probably the reason is `` diana sucks '' & `` talon rocks '' circlejerk and i got the wrong side according to reddit . 
  so , fuck it . 
  do n't be like that . 
  this is reddit , everyone is an analyst better than samsung coach . 
  also , there is twitch chat . 
  use these references and you will surely be a qualified reddit analyst soon . 
  the best adc of last year 's world championship is teamless right now , you know . 
  piglet was the best adc of last year 's world championship and now he got fired from skt . 
  furthermore , he did n't get any offer from any korean team . 
  which means , in lol players can go up and down very quickly . 
  dade was the mvp of spring 2013 but at summer he played quite shitty . 
  also , samsung earned their spot at spring 2013 , ssw and njbs are the reasons why ogn changed their circuit points system to give less points at winter and spring . 
  him having a poor performance at summer and worlds makes him shit tier at korea . 
  that 's not just korea , but every region . 
  mancloud was a beast last summer and now where is he ? 
  dade was bad , so he sent to samsung blue which was a bad team at that time . 
  but , that switch worked really well as dade is maybe the best mid laner at world . 
  if you saw ssw coach 's interview , even he did n't expect this to happen . 
  `` dade was n't in form and dade & mata & dandy were fighting so i sent dade to blue . '', 
  why not mata or dandy ? 
  because , dade was the only one playing poorly . 
  `` locodoco was non-existent for tsm . '', 
  `` locodoco was non-existent at e-sports . '', 
  `` locodoco was non-existent as a coach . '', 
  there are many meanings which you can understand as correctly but you really achieved something i did n't expect . 
  congratz sir . 
  same as turkey but with a difference , most of them are flamers :d so , sometimes it 's good sometimes not . 
  but , i think i prefer a small server like this for solo q. 
  i 've never seen this before ... fucking beatiful . 
  why is everyone acting like chat restricted people are the victims ? 
  being toxic is natural ? 
  riot is to blame here ? 
  holy shit reddit . 
  i did n't get chat restricted ever and there are many people like me . 
  rewards should be given to players who do n't ruin other people 's game experience , so i support riot in this decision to the fullest . 
  `` i quit this game . 
  '' , `` riot sucks in this decision .
