  holy shit they win the game !, 
  yeah , froggen was underperforming last summer split definitely . 
  i do n't know what i was expecting but did n't left dissappointed ... 
  alliance vs millenium was okay , that should be the meta . 
  people are getting angry at meta because every meta gets boring to watch after watching like 10-15 games , no exception . 
  it 's not about the meta itself , it 's about human nature . 
  edit : i never really liked the ziggs/gragas/nidalee meta though . 
  stalling games forever , poking without any risk , one shotting adc 's from base etc. 
  not fun to watch or play unless you are the ziggs/gragas/nidalee . 
  that monte 's respond though ... 
  ogn finals are more entertaining though . 
  especially this kta vs ssb series is too damn good , you better watch it . 
  blind pick hypeeeeeeee pogchamp swiftrage, 
  it was ... until this fuckin bo5 !, 
  it 's called `` agression '' . 
  korean teams are known for playing more agressive nowadays , hence their games are more fun to watch . 
  also , korean teams are rotating flawlessly comparing to western teams in mid game . 
  their teamfighting is good but european teamfighting is also really good . 
  they are n't best at everything but they are at least really good at everything . 
  that 's why koreans are the best . 
  their best teams do n't lack a thing like closing games or laning phase . 
  they 're capitalizing upon other teams mistake but at this finals both teams are playing nearly perfect , that 's why mistakes which you mentioned happened . 
  i mean , they are n't pure mistake but trying their opponent to make a mistake but if their opponent is prepared for that move then it becomes a mistake . 
  tried to explain , not really good with english , hope this helps . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  of course , they make mistakes too but not often as western teams i think . 
  no problem , glad it helped . 
  kt fucking arrows holy shit what a series, 
  kt fucking arrows man holy shit what a series !, 
  they better swim with that pumping !, 
  it 's vulcun not vulcan , so i 'm upvoting you and only you !, 
  this promo would be so awkward withouth gambit too . 
  but that 's not the case , they were only promoting s3wc as they ca n't promote s4wc because they lack the fortune-telling ability you know . 
  i was expecting a `` you are not prepared ! '', 
  thing with illidan 's voice of course . 
  i 'm damn hyped already !, 
  alliance got rekkt, 
  yeah , that fight at bot lane where they gave rekkles the first double kill ... 
  they just made trist to skip her weak mid game that way . 
  and rekkles is a fucking beast , carried so hard with that lead . 
  edit : also zilean pick is n't really good against shield/heal comp so froggen could n't shine either . 
  and then there is wickd ... 
  i 'm not a wickd hater but he played poorly this game . 
  oh baby a triple, 
  shook da real mvp !, 
  froggen 's skillshots were always awesome . 
  he plays any champion who relies on skillshots like anivia , lux , ahri or xerath beatiful . 
  wat happened, 
  all hail the new king !, 
  and best ceremony ever as always , thanks rito . 
  nah , they gave the trophy to froggen , then they lifted it up . 
  then sjokz interviewed them but it was an awkward interview at that moment . 
  it was like a lcs after game interview as always , but it was n't supposed to be in my opinion . 
  aaaand that 's it . 
  edit : oh right i forgot the fireworks . 
  fireworks makes everything awesome , do n't underastimate the power of fireworks . 
  2 x doublelift = quadralift, 
  clg will stand for completely lift gaming confirmed . 
  i was expecting a shitty bug with no gameplay effect at all ... 
  but , this seems serious . 
  however unfortunately i think rito wo n't give a shit until some pro made use of this in worlds or lcs . 
  i like you, 
  do n't be silly !, 
  changing kogmaw 's e visual is much more important than confusing visuals . 
  i do n't think tsm deserved to be at s3 worlds too while kt bullets could n't make it . 
  and there are so many bad visuals in this game . 
  but same or confusing visuals for different skills/items should be changed first before fixing bad visuals . 
  uh ... that was 4v5 right ? 
  i refuse to believe that it 's morgana . 
  i just ca n't , i fucking hate that champion . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  alliance did n't split up . 
  it was eg 's decision and froggen & wickd did n't want to go . 
  so froggen decided to build a super team and teamed up with shook firstly . 
  then they got tabzz and after many trials with many top laners like kev1n they finally sticked with wickd . 
  nyph joined weeks later . 
  how is that `` splitting up '' to become a super team ? 
  they still are in contact , see krepo when he visited eu play-offs . 
  rekkles was fnatic 's adc before puszu but rekkles could n't play at lcs because of age restrictions , so they decided to go with puszu . 
  they gave rekkles to cw for the time being . 
  puszu literally was a substitute for rekkles . 
  i hate when people makes up things to support their argument . 
  `` welp . 
  our mid laner decided to build a super team , so we should go to other region . '', 
  makes sense ? 
  owner of eg stayed in europe because eg and allliance are close organizations . 
  their ceo 's were close friends or something , i 'm not sure atm about their relationship . 
  wtf all redditors are challenger . 
  sure . 
  there are some diamond scrubs around ... 
  but , silver ? 
  hell no , this is reddit . 
  wickd and xpeke went for a drink before play-off finals . 
  wickd shared a photo on twitter and trashtalked a bit about fnatic but in a `` friendly '' manner . 
  there are n't many rival players in eu , even when soaz trashtalked other top laners nobody got salty . 
  meanwhile in na ... tsm 's coach is shitting on clg 's coach . 
  because , clg 's coach trashtalked tsm coach first . 
  sorry , but it 's not about play-offs ongoing or something . 
  they have the talent but they need to improve their early & mid game . 
  not only alliance , but all of eu seeds are the same with alliance being best among them .
