  i also readed a few books , searched through the internet , but what i mostly saw was 2 different view of points about the same incident . 
  weird . 
  i mean ottoman empire lost ww1 . 
  they lost nearly every battle except gallipoli and a few more . 
  they lost millions of soldier and citizen . 
  they lost more than half of the empire even before sevres . 
  claiming that ottomans also killed 1.5 million armenians ( many of them were armed with the weapons they got from russia ) while they were fighting to stay alive is beyond me . 
  also banned by bjk against chiefs . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/33erbn/spoilerschiefs_esports_club_vs_besiktas/, 
  to add to my comment , we are not completely innocent . 
  we acknowledge that we killed many armenians . 
  there were many executions of rulers in eastern anatolia in 1919-1920 because they went against the will of the empire and killed armenians while moving them . 
  those executions are probably the reason why there are many armenians who still lives in turkey . 
  but i think while they 're to be blamed , they 're also not completely in fault here . 
  think about it , your country is in war of survival and the people you call as `` millet-i sad\u0131ka '' ( nation to trust ) starts a rebellion to your country and starts killing civilians . 
  turks did n't start this , there is no point of killing armenians all of a sudden . 
  no nation in the history would let this go so easily . 
  let 's say united states goes into a war which they will eventually lose and black people in america ( i 'm using black people as an example because they 're currently `` millet-i sad\u0131ka '' of usa ) starts a rebellion and starts killing other citizens . 
  what would happen ? 
  who is to blame ? 
  if self-defence actions goes out of hand , which side is in the fault ? 
  edit : a armenian journalist who lives in turkey named hrand dink got killed in 2007 by a extremely nationalist . 
  all of turkey obviously standed against this and the motto was `` we are hrand dink/all of us are hrant dink '' . 
  we still mourn and pray for him in anniversary ( this is probably is n't the right word for this , we of course do n't celebrate this but i ca n't remember the word for this ) of this incident . 
  iirc turkey apologized to armenia for this incident . 
   somehow my grandmother survived and landed in an orphanage in europe before coming to america in 1929 . 
  she lived with us when i was a kid ( she died when i was about 13 ) and would never let us forget about what the turks did to her , her family , and millions of other armenians . 
  it was a genocide , regardless of whether turks died . 
  you know why ? 
  because the turkish systematically , viciously , and with careful planning sought the expulsion , torture and death of all armenians . 
  it 's a horrendous insult to make such a silly fucking claim as ` it was n't a genocide because turks also died ' . 
  i fucking dare you to say that to someone like my grandmother , or really anyone who was raised by a survivor . 
  it 's simple - the turks wanted the armenians gone . 
  try saying this to a turk whose grandmother is killed by armenian militaries . 
  i had a friend from erzurum in highschool . 
  believe me , what he told us about his family was n't something you would want to listen . 
  as i said , i did n't say we did n't kill any armenians . 
  i said we killed because they did first and they died within the population movement ( we call it `` tehcir '' in turkish ) because of diseases , starvation and also the hostility of the rulers of eastern anatolia villages/cities . 
  i did n't say `` armenians wanting to found their own country is a bad thing . '', 
  i said `` armenians killing local civilians to found their own country is a bad thing . '', 
  and i believe that this is certain for everyone . 
  i mentioned this in another comment but i think i need to tell this . 
  a friend of mine from my highschool is from erzurum ( a city in eastern turkey/anatolia ) . 
  his grandmother 's father was imam ( a person who is responsible for religious activities at a mosque . 
  they usually are well respected in villages ) at a village during ww1 . 
  their neighbour who was a 16-18yo girl ( according to his grandmother 's father , she was going to get married but her future husband went to gallipoli so she was waiting for him . 
  marriage age at that time was 16-18 so he was assuming she was also 16-18yo ) is killed by armenian militaries after 2 weeks she got raped . 
  the reason how they know she got raped is they could very well hear the screams of that girl . 
  i 'm not here to discuss about this . 
  but since you are talking about `` rapes and murders and all other things '' i think you should also think about what were armenians doing before tehcir . 
  i did n't change the subject , instead i gave an answer when you made turks raped all of them while armenians did n't do anything at all . 
  funny that you are changing subject and want me to apologize . 
  if you kick a dog , the dog bites back . 
  who should apologize here ? 
  lulu is science . 
  same with turkey . 
  they were cheering for naru while bjk was playing . 
  do n't ask me why . 
   armenians are evil and they got what they deserved, 
  this is the exact opposite of what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that evil and bad is n't like white and black here . 
  and this of course will be what i will be teaching my children . 
  good days !, 
  i would move to bombai, 
  ** money talks **, 
  [ more bizarre ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eikowdxcyq ), 
  they are . 
  they still are tied with chiefs . 
  and how he played at the end of the split ? 
  especially at play-offs ? 
  c9 needs no one but faker then . 
   they will its on plans it will be out in 2015 and then i want to see hentai level voice acting, 
  ftfy, 
  what the fuck ? 
  no but i prefer women to bend over as a male mr. respectfulsloth . 
  all right . 
  tagged both of you . 
  edit : justice demands retribution / u/kighte !, 
  nope . 
  oh god pls no, 
  he is czech . 
  energy is norwegian , rest of the team is turkish . 
  he had some derp moments like a melee range culling against cassiopeia while missing all of the shots but in general he played so good in this series . 
  except his lulu game , g4 played a far better series than energy . 
  i think he referenced to `` must be gold or smth '' i thought i should point out he is czech anyways . 
  he still is cocky . 
  he said `` we were expecting an easier series but they troubled us in first and last game '' after this 3-0 series . 
  but muh justice !, 
  tagged as well . 
  they already got their spot mate . 
  worst thing about this is you are telling the truth ... 
  what the fuck just happened ? 
  short circuit happened in my apartment and i could n't watch the last 20mins ... 
  when i left off intz was winning hard when i came back bjk was about to finish the game . 
  i do n't want to imagine that ... 
  how did i miss that ... fml, 
  i can relate to this . 
  if a turkish player was to go to na and said all of tr fans are shit i would just agree with this . 
  actually my turkish pride would agree with this . 
  if it 's wrong , it should be improved .
