  it 's not their base stats what makes them weak . 
  same here . 
  they 're unique , they should be stay unique . 
  i mean , they 're free stats but they are n't actually free . 
  nasus hits like a truck if you can stack your free q stacks . 
  but if you do n't , you will be useless . 
  only free stat passive i do n't really like is diana 's . 
  her as stereoid does n't scale , it 's always there as % 20 . 
  they could just increase her base as i think . 
  well then , if they buff her base as and remove passive 's as part it would be a buff to ap-fighter diana which tried to design i think . 
  she would become a more squishy version of jax with a more pleasing gameplay . 
  lulu : can be played support , mid or top . 
  swain : can be played mid or top . 
  zilean : can be played support or mid . 
  amumu : can build ap or tank . 
  irelia : can build as-ad or tank . 
  i 'm not sure how were you playing but when looking to examples you have given , i think lol has more diversity in this way . 
  build paths can vary also . 
  a few months ago this was a problem but not anymore . 
  even adc 's are building different items as first such as statikk shiv for trist , triforce , ie , botrk , ghostblade . 
  i get it , yo . 
  i do n't exactly know the as maths but i know that base as effects as scaling . 
  that 's why graves relies on his e to deal damage in late because of his low base as compared to other adc 's . 
  i just thought that giving her a little buff about her base as and removing the passive as makes her more a fighter . 
  when they nerfed , riot stated that they wanted to diana be an ap fighter but people played her as ap assasin because of her absurd damage and high tankiness . 
  i do n't get why they limited her as scaling if she designed to be an ap-fighter . 
  edit * i mean she could be ap version of jax . 
  lulu was a support , then became a mid laner and now she is also a top laner . 
  zilean was a support but now people playing him in mid too . 
  there are more examples . 
  but , i think dota heroes are more flexible though . 
  witch doctor was playing at mid lane then moved to support or roamer without any buffs or nerfs to his kit . 
  ember spirit was a mid laner , some people played him as roamer also , now he is a hard carry even though he got nerfed hard when he was a mid laner . 
  dota is strange dude . 
  i tried ap-as runes-nashor 's build and it was pretty good . 
  especially against ad mid laners like talon or zed it works pretty well . 
  but , she becomes so squishy at late game even if you buy 2 defensive items like randuin 's and banshee 's . 
  oh and this build does n't work against yasuo . 
  his passive is way too op against diana . 
  i believe if she gets a buff to her w or base hp stats she would be a viable top laner . 
  maybe a buff to her as could work , that way i can get more defensive runes . 
  actually i just want riot to notice diana . 
  english : star , father, 
  persian : sitare , feder, 
  english and persian is in the same language family , there are a lot more similar words but i ca n't give any more examples as i do n't know persian . 
  also , there are many similar words in turkish and japanese as they share the same language family . 
  when was the last time you saw a mundo jungle ? 
  i ca n't quite remember but it was like in mid-s3 i think . 
  mundo 's recommended items are still for jungle . 
  yeah , it 's been 1.5 + years since that time . 
  * if you opponent misses his most important cc , you can force trade . 
  for example , you are adc and enemy blitzcrank missed his hook . 
  you can trade with enemy adc safely since blitz wo n't do shit unless you let him be near you . 
  or let 's say enemy syndra missed her stun . 
  that moment , you can zone her . 
  in solo q , everyone wants to be hero . 
  so , they will throw their skills in every chance . 
  there is a high chance about missing , you can use this pretty easily . 
  twitch chat best chat swiftrage, 
  yeah , languages are similar but their origin being same is n't certain . 
  i 'm a turkish speaker and i can tell that japanese is really similar to turkish . 
  also , i do n't understand why my first comment downvoted lol, 
  just happened , that 's how i figured out . 
  i think healing minions is n't really bad since there are many skills can also work on minions . 
  but , losing % 10 hp is a big deal . 
  i 'm not sure why they designed her this way though . 
  great job !, 
  i like it . 
  i 'll love it if that lipton is apple flavored . 
  tp , lulu shield or zilean bomb can be useful though . 
  what 's the point of healing a target which is already invulnerable and has a huge hitbox at the cost of your % 10hp ? 
  it only serves as a target to misclick in teamfights and that huge hitbox is making it worse . 
  i mean , losing % 10 hp for healing a minion or a flag is a big deal . 
  i think i fell in love with this guy ( no homo ) . 
  braum 's wall , do n't remember what the skill is called . 
  would n't it be so heroic ? 
  and here i was thinking of getting ddos ` ed ... 
  yesterday , in a ranked game our support got disconnected . 
  we played 4v5 and somehow we won . 
  right after we won last teamfight and destroyed their nexus our support reconnected . 
  it was like `` i 'm here to get my lp bitches . '', 
  he was listening music from spotify according to what he said at after game lobby . 
  today in a normal game my friend disconnected while we were on skype . 
  he did n't disconnect from skype though . 
  same happened to me a few minutes later . 
  then next game which was a ranked , our jungler got disconnected and he said the same thing that he was still able to connect to internet . 
  weird thing is this was n't happening a few days ago . 
  new one is also has a tough look . 
  i think i like this one more . 
  i do n't want to talk about this . 
  nah , let 's be honest . 
  you especially picked this title . 
  i 'm not sure describing it with `` one of the most popular '' is right though ... 
  it 's a meme like rick astley - never gon na give you up . 
  i will never forgive you / u/jcitme for this title !, 
  read title , watch video . 
   i like lemonnation 's play style . 
  especially his nice-looking appearance :d, 
  beard wins . 
  when i started to play at s2 , i was having problems with my pc .
