  i do n't have any logitech equipments so i do n't need their support . 
  gosh i lost a ranked because of this !, 
  i thought it was bad since the passive blobs nerf . 
  can you tell me how you stay alive in top lane ? 
  i had so hard times because blobs are going opposite direction of me all the time . 
  xerath shits on him . 
  best . 
  advertisement . 
  ever . 
  no one is questioning wildturtle 's solo q performance since he is always # 1 . 
   i hope, 
  my first anime :d, 
  `` but lulu is ... '' `` play what the team needs god dammit '', 
  no way !, 
  0/10 fucking awesome - ign, 
  it was na ` vi vs tongfu iirc, 
  probably since most of people buys skins to champions they love . 
  with the exception of faker and genja of course . 
  gragas skin is smoking too . 
  he even has a smoking animation in game . 
  while moving he sometimes give out some smoke . 
  oh god ... 
  my virgin eyes ... 
  katarina is n't sexy but she has a sexy skin like kitty cat katarina so skins can differ . 
  battle bunny riven does n't really fit with riven 's whole theme but it 's an awesome skin . 
  so , they only made slay belle katarina 's recall animation as pole dancing , not the classic one . 
  also , please tell me how sejuani is related to russing dance ( do n't really know it 's name , sorry ) since bear cavalry sejuani 's recall animation is that ? 
  i 'm % 100 serious here . 
  they should also remove reaper soraka since it can give nightmares to me . 
  too spooky . 
  also , battle bunny riven remind me of playboy , i want to play a game not to think about playboy . 
  remove it too pls . 
  nerds may also be virgins you know . 
  they should make more skins like lollypoppy . 
  it 's completely fine , a young lady fighting with a lolipop and chocolate bar . 
  so cute . 
  what i was trying to say with my earlier post is being out of character is completely fine with skins . 
  lollypoppy , reaper soraka , battle bunny riven , all of football related skins , battlecast skins are the first examples i can think now . 
  lollypoopy indeed sounds dangerous . 
  mitch 's bitches, 
  rip headphone users, 
  playboy ca n't own something like that . 
  it 's like `` levi 's owns wearing jeans so you ca n't wear jeans without asking levi 's . '', 
  got ta get the karma !, 
  there are older splash arts with tobacco like gentleman cho ` gath and esq. 
  so , it 's not only one as you mentioned . 
  time to start playing jungle . 
  i feel like sejuani and amumu will be pretty good with these changes . 
  i 'm sick of seeing elise every game so i think she needs to be stay up for a while . 
  from gold 1 to diamond 2 in 1 season !, 
  fuck yeah give me that border !, 
  that was so intense . 
  i had c programming exam today and i could n't leave that game halfway . 
  i made it 5mins late but fortunately exam started like 30mins later i got there . 
  big congratz kiwikid !, 
  you made my morning !, 
  well , there is [ hyuna ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ikv454.jpg ), 
  lol is n't just a game for most of all but in the end lol is just a game . 
  you ca n't generalize this situation based on a few examples like nb3 , gosu etc. 
  hey i 'm still first year !, 
  welp ... 
  being the best does n't mean you wo n't be replaced . 
  remember how xpecial got benched . 
  however , i do n't want to think shook is passive agressive or disturbing other members . 
  oh the infamous reddit hug of death ... 
  thank you good sir . 
  holy shit lol, 
  urf or riot, 
  for some reason this reminded me infamous twitch spams like `` me from somalia '' etc. 
  well done mate , military was my dream but i could n't make it . 
  holy shit . 
  even the amount of downvotes shows the hate of doublelift on reddit . 
  it was a nice video about a good adc with a big ego . 
  do you vote for video or player in the video ? 
  this is so fucked up . 
  country of torrent provider gods . 
  there is like 10fps increase from 70-75 to 80-85 but not really important because my laptop ca n't handle more than 60fps . 
  inspiron 7520 here , still having 60fps with my 3 years old laptop . 
  i 'm using max 60fps since my laptop ca n't show more than 60fps and having a limit helps with heat issues . 
  fuck volibear but this is a good suggestion so upvoted . 
  of course , because gp can burst squishies in 3secs while being extremely tanky . 
  if you build tank , then do n't expect to burst squishies . 
  even melee dps champs like jax , irelia ca n't burst down an adc after like 30mins mark if they are n't extremely fed . 
  ryze is ranged and has a point-blank cc so he needs to deal less damage than the likes of jax and irelia . 
  oh , and i forgot that ryze can also deal massive aoe damage . 
  dealing so high damage while being extremely tanky and having a point black cc is stupid . 
  you can notice you deal less damage but that does n't mean you * literally deal no damage *, 
  it 's a nerf . 
  because ryze was so strong . 
  his late game was godlike and his early game was also godlike because of the current meta . 
  so he got nerfed . 
  his damage got lower . 
  so he will deal 120 less damage in a rotation . 
  also , honestly did you expect ryze 's late game to be buffed ? 
  like , seriously ? 
  trist 's as scaling and q duration also got nerfed . 
  his q got buffed and it 's only 5secs so actually her late game is n't as strong as it was . 
  and her early game is shit . 
  not like ryze 's but really shit right now . 
  you did n't say these .
