  he got disrespected . 
  but then he juked the juke . 
  well , gambit got dominated by fnatic at every lcs too . 
  but that does n't change the fact that every gambit vs fnatic match was exciting . 
  same with clg.eu vs m5 matches . 
  rivals with fnatic ? 
  i would say there was a 3-ways rivalry with m5 , clg.eu and fnatic . 
  fnatic was n't at their best days at s2 but they always were top 3 team at eu . 
  before they fixed it i did n't ever experience this bug but after they fixed it , it started to happen . 
  and seems like only a few are having this bug according to other caitlyn players whom i asked about this . 
  edit : uh , grammar . 
  shook at early game : `` i have no idea what i 'm doing . '', 
  shook at mid game : `` let me steal that baron ... lel jk '', 
  shook at late game : `` enough this game , imma win . '', 
  you know , when naijin black sword went for s3 worlds they were n't one of the best in korea . 
  cj blaze , kt bullets were better than them but they could n't make it to worlds . 
  nyph and nrated was contenders for last split and beginning of this split but recently yellowstar is clearly playing better than 2 of them . 
  i said s3 dude not s2 . 
  at s3 samsung ozone , skt t1 # 1 and naijin black sword qualified but naijin was playing poorly at ogn summer so they were n't one of the best at that moment . 
  but they were already qualified before ogn summer . 
  i remember the reddit and twitch chat circlejerk when you first started to casting ... actually , twitch chat circlejerk is n't something , twitch chat itself a circlejerk . 
  whatever , keep up the good work . 
  i started to support you at may or something because you were improving like early to late game tristana and that 's something respectable . 
  best wishes !, 
  yup , that 's why there was a rivalry . 
  fnatic won prizes but gambit vs fnatic matches always lived up to the hype . 
  ahri 's damage was conditional too but it did n't stop riot from nerfing her ... 
  i mean , q - e skillshot and w - r hits closest enemies . 
  but it was riot 's fault at the first place . 
  i do n't know , i think clg is doing the right thing . 
  there is n't enough time for them to prepare to play-offs because of na play-offs schedule anyways , so they 're creating their time . 
  move aside lolnexus , new sheriff is here . 
  they lost but i must say that froggen is a god on xerath . 
  great game by sk especially candypanda played really good and jesiz 's shockwaves were clutch . 
  they were not underpowered but not overpowered either . 
  they got some little tweaking and it 's fine now . 
  graves w is really good and unique skill , i love it . 
  in my opinion , there is n't any problem with graves . 
  of course , he can take small buffs like last few ones but i do n't think those would be enough to make him viable at the moment . 
  current itemization is n't optimal for graves . 
  maybe botrk - ghostblade is the way to go with graves but i 'm not sure at all . 
  i tried him once with ie - shiv but it was n't good at all . 
  edit : i think the problem with graves , there are adc 's who does graves job but better . 
  a few patches ago it was lucian , now corki . 
  if corki gets nerfed , mf can shine , but not graves . 
  current tanky itemization is also against graves unless he buys lw as 2nd item or something . 
  mobility is n't the problem . 
  jinx and kog ` maw are n't mobile at all but they do so much damage to everyone including tanks and that 's something graves does n't do . 
  even draven got played in competitive scene because of his high damage and draven can be comparable to mf in terms of mobility . 
  smoke screen is actually a surprisingly good zoning ability , better than make it rain etc. 
  let 's say you got hit by a max range dark binding and there is a irelia coming to you while you ca n't move . 
  with a simple smoke screen to her way you can save your ass as she is slowed and ca n't see shit . 
  bloodthirster - statikk shiv was the way to go for me because of bigger power spike and high burst . 
  but , in competitive play i think you are right . 
  this is the only sane comment here . 
  well , sorry but this is bullshit . 
  `` she has to hit q-r to be effective ! '', 
  did you ever play some skillshot champions like lux , xerath ? 
  that 's the basic rule about skillshots . 
  it 's a skillshot and you should hit and if you do n't you should be punished by that misplay/mistake/whatever . 
  `` she is an assassin . '', 
  she is n't an assassin . 
  yeah , she is capable of bursting people down . 
  try to build an ap rammus and you will surprised that you can actualy one shot people . 
  `` her playstyle is n't optimal . '', 
  maybe that 's because you are playing her wrong . 
  kennen adc playstyle is n't optimal either but it 's somewhat viable . 
  and then there is clg ... 
  it 's sad to say but it was easy while gleeb was around . 
  i like him as a person but he was n't enough for tsm . 
  yes . 
  uh wow , this photo is so staged . 
  seraph is in game , dexter is is lobby and link is playing hearthstone while monte stares at doublelift 's monitor . 
  it 's not like they 're scrimming at that moment but i think they did this for fun or something . 
  like `` i 'm studying ! '', 
  photos . 
  also , ( i think it 's quite obvious ) i bet they 're scrim against teams who eliminated from ogn and if we count what susie said too , then they 're scrimming against good ogn teams like jin air stealths , skt t1 s or even samsung galaxy white . 
  which is amazing considering the infamous balls - lemonnation interview with phreak . 
  i do n't have the original interview link but that 's the one what made it famous . 
  quality thread . 
  `` this time it will work guys , leave it to me ! '', 
  * fails with rengar *, 
  oh boy , sadly ? 
  he picked rammus top which is even better . 
  i bey they are . 
  i 'm happy that i 'm not a dignitass fan . 
  throws are real . 
  it 's broken !, 
  any other champs are ** not ** able to use skills until they hit the ground . 
  it seems like a glitch . 
  i 've never seen any vladmir who pools before taking the damage from last breath . 
  na teams to worlds : c9 , lmq , clg, 
  best na players at roles :, 
  ackerman, 
  xwx, 
  sneaky, 
  favourite na team : clg, 
  eu teams to worlds : all , fnc , mil, 
  best eu players at roles :, 
  cyanide ( i wanted to say diamond but he was average until the last,
