  library of alexandria, 
  umm ... yeah . 
  my points is that muslims do n't care about ancient relics or any non-muslim building/book etc. 
  since 10-11th century . 
  not sure but i think it was for cyanide not yamatocannon . 
  yeah we never can live up to the expectations ... look at dp , bjk or even our national football team . 
  * \u0265soo\u0265\u028d *, 
  you are from the netherlands are n't you :p, 
  everyone get in here, 
  a true pbe tester . 
  uhhhhhhh ... ... 
   sounded like they were ready for battle . 
  knowing my nation i think they actually were . 
  i told you we never live up to the expectations !, 
  you better watch it and see for yourself . 
  angel beats !, 
  is an amazing anime . 
  and it 's froggen 's favourite anime iirc . 
  it was a fun fact dude . 
  something something technology, 
  i do n't know if you made this up or not but in case you did n't : that system sucks . 
  why it should n't be ? 
  can you also update elements flair ? 
  we still have the old one . 
   well regardless of what happens , i think this year is going to be more exiting than last years finals at any rate . 
  worlds 2014 was the same , i was so hyped before the tournament because every # 1 team of their own region was looking promising . 
  then edg choked , ssb choked , kabum happened , rest of west and china did n't deliver , ssw sweeped everyone . 
  i hope this year will be different . 
  no matter how unexpected it was , world 2014 was boring after all . 
  we all watched ssw to win it easily since there was no competitors with edg and ssb choking . 
  tldr : i got banned because i was a toxic fuck so i quit lol because my teammates were trolls and i 'm a known content producer so i was rightful to talk shit . 
  first of all , you do n't just get banned for talking shit in a few games . 
  secondly , no one should talk shit because his teammates are trolling him/intentionally feeding . 
  and just because someone was producing some content should n't mean that he is immune to get banned . 
  `` but i put effort into this game , these videos . '', 
  that 's even more reason why he should n't be a toxic player . 
  `` i do n't enjoy the game , my friend do n't enjoy the game . '', 
  yeah , sure . 
  he just realized that after getting banned . 
  `` i said unban me , they did n't . '', 
  oh really ? 
  pathetic . 
  i did . 
  and i still think he is only quitting because he got banned . 
  what the fuck was that e-mails ? 
  should saying `` hey rito pls unban me '' work if you are a content producer ? 
  he is mad at riot and made this video to make himself a victim for some reason , it 's so obvious . 
  but i respect his decision to quit . 
  he was still thinking that being toxic should be normal , so it 's wise for him to quit lol . 
  / r/unexpected, 
  happy cake day !, 
  you want another statistical outlier ? 
  no caster mentioned balls ' ranking other than him . 
  it 's indisputable . 
  criticizing a pro player is okay . 
  an analyst should of course do this . 
  criticize a pro player because of his solo q ranking is not okay . 
  because solo q is n't actually really relevant to that player 's competitive performance especially if he is a top laner . 
  well that 's not unpopular at all . 
  kso !, 
  we all know how good doublelift is at theorycrafting so ... 
  i 'm not sure when but i remember that darius was first time free to play . 
  sometime in 2012 summer . 
  damn time flies . 
  i think i 'm gon na give a try to japanese vo . 
   knock him up, 
  eww that 's so s4 . 
  get in the line after brazil . 
  but for how long ? 
  sorry but i do n't believe you . 
  you said you had to take a shower `` once in a week '' after the arguement you had with the manager for 1.5 months . 
  but the said arguement was had in 17.09.2015 which is only 2 days ago according to the proof screenshots . 
  and then you just said `` he beat me up '' but did n't explain anything about it . 
  sounds fishy . 
  apparently you talked with riot in these 2 days but could n't get anything so you 're here with this thread . 
  not sure why mods did n't remove this post . 
  i mean i cringe everytime people overuse word cringe pls stop, 
  english is my 2nd language and i usually have problems with listening to people with accents but yours was pretty easy to understand . 
  at that point your team deserves to lose pretty much . 
  you need to group early against a rengar before he gets out of control to not let him get fed with free kills like you mentioned . 
  if you group and he is n't so fed , then you can easily manhandle him . 
  i usually camp bot lane if i 'm facing with an enemy rengar to make them win the lane so we can group mid . 
  but yeah you are right . 
  sometimes people do n't care what they 're play against and do n't communicate . 
  it 's solo q after all . 
  clever . 
  never heard of this joke before , very original . 
  in-game wolf looks like spirit wolf icon from warcraft 3 . 
   w-what are you saying ? 
  b-baka ... 
  i feel like they undervalue support players . 
  he would be an average level lcs mid laner i believe . 
  same applies for naru too . 
  yeah , he rejected it since it was a temporary replacement . 
  but betsy managed to get that position permanently with his performance later on . 
  i do n't know man ... 
  but it 's better than what i was able to draw when i was 10 , that 's for sure . 
  `` am '' means `` pussy '' in turkish slang for example . 
  imagine a classroom full of 10 years old boys and girls trying to learn english and first thing they learn is `` am '' . 
  your flair ...
