  `` i fired xpecial . 
  maybe he was the best but i do n't give a fuck . 
  fuck the best and fuck tsm . 
  i can fire anybody except me because i love firing people . '', 
  is that the reginald person in your head ? 
  do you think he fired xpecial because he just wanted to be hated or just wanted a challenge like picking up a unexperienced support to make him one of the best ? 
  holy fuck dude , reginald is making money with tsm , he would want tsm 's best above anybody else . 
  i completed with this order , but i did n't really think about which one to go for , just felt like it . 
  and seriously save lilly for last , she 's the best girl , 
  edit : i also had breaks like 1 week between each route . 
  i guess you eventually will be curious about other routes , as happened to me . 
  pretty good m8 !, 
  oh wow nice one m8 !, 
  lucian is the only adc with cleanse mechanic , i do n't see how is it necessary . 
  exhaust ? 
  fuck it . 
  wither ? 
  no , thanks . 
  lol . 
  outrotated son . 
  still i would n't say all  fnc . 
  fnc played this one badly but no one knows what will happen at play-offs . 
  damn , i want all to win , better than `` no matter what fnc do at split , they will finish first . '', 
  thing i think . 
  yesterday , i lost a game intentionally . 
  i was playing gragas top and my opponent was master yi . 
  i got ganked a few times by their jungler and mid , died a few times too . 
  whatever , when i died to yi alone , my teammates started to flame me . 
  then i proceeded to play solo and leaving my team alone so they lost the fights 5v4 and eventually we lost the game . 
  bad thing is , i did n't do it because of my teammates flaming me . 
  i did it because i was angry at my team , i knew yi was quite unstoppable at that moment and i was on a lose streak . 
  that flaming was only a reason for me . 
  it was like , i was waiting for some bad comment about me and i was ready to feed or troll and i was n't aware of this at that moment . 
  thank you wookie . 
  really . 
  i do n't play since that day and i still am not sure about when i 'll be able to play but your words helped me greatly . 
  you are amazing . 
  wow nice summoner name you got there !, 
  well , umm , blitzcrank or alistar maybe better than nami in terms of playmaking ? 
  so is katarina . 
  assassins without crowd controls are healthier for this game . 
  master yi top . 
  for the record , i 'm d3 . 
  if you can get ahead with only 1 kill or 1-2 assists , there is n't any champ who can stop yi if you can dodge their 1 nuke with your q or w. 
  it 's like fiora but more retarded before 6 . 
  now i regret that i did n't watch this game knowing all will win . 
  i did n't think they would roflstomp like this , fuck me . 
  tl ; dr : `` fine all because they beat us in 28mins with stacking items , i wanted to get smashed more . '', 
  `` surrender is never an option . '', 
  `` they prolonged the game intentionally . '', 
  seems like alliance tried to help cw after all , lol . 
  green darius ( i do n't remember the exact skin name ) has a similar glitch , when he used his w right before going into fow you still can see the animation . 
  same with dragon wing corki . 
  when i had my older pc whenere i play against dragon wing corki , whenever he used his e my pc was freezing for 2-3 secs . 
  battlecast prime cho'gath and aether wing kayle 's aa feels more responsive to me . 
  also , muay thai lee sin 's ult is hard to notice if you are playing with listening to some music like me . 
  i mean , it 's animation is really weird and i never got used to it . 
  youngbuck and unlimited should be fined because of all this drama they 've created . 
  i bet shook is a bit sad right now because of the bullshit they 've been repeating like `` it hurts to see shook buying mejai 's . '', 
  i was expecting selfie to be on the lists , but it 's so impressive anyways . 
  he was an underdog and now he is carrying shc in some of their wins . 
  also , rekkles ' stats shows that fnatic 's main strat is feeding up rekkles . 
  he is superman after all . 
  actually , i loved the na lcs drama before this split and i did n't say drama is a bad thing but this drama they 've created was a bad thing . 
  what they kept saying was like `` we want all to feel bad about their win and especially shook shame on you ! '', 
  with some `` friendship '' words . 
  it 's not sportsmanlike . 
  edit : fuck my grammar sucks . 
  yeah , inaba the real best girl . 
  listen some music . 
  usually depressing ones . 
  and usually emotional soundtracks from that anime . 
  for example , my song - iwasawa ( angel beats !, 
  ) , i will never forget that i was crying like a baby while listening that song after finished angel beats ! . 
  yep . 
  any support with ap ratios benefits heavily from mejai 's . 
  and ... 
  wait wat saeko only 20 votes and placed 22nd ? 
  guys pls, 
  b-but what about wookiecookie the hero ? 
  well , uhh ... 
  thanks ? 
  i 'm not sure how to respond but it 's a beatiful song . 
  you do n't play in lcs dude , it 's solo q. 
  also , more ap = more support with utility/damage/heal scaling . 
  of course , deathcap is a bad choice for ap but mejai 's is good if you believe that you wo n't die often . 
  tagged . 
  golgenglues_mom has just subscribed !, 
  `` read it you filthy pie ! '', 
  snk is another shounen dude , maybe with a little depth . 
  steins ; gate is more like shinsekai yori or zetsuen no tempest maybe . 
  and that 's only about the lane . 
  did you ever play vi against a decent morg ? 
  i did . 
  not fun . 
  are you ... jon snow ? 
  if i 'm not wrong , it happened 2 times . 
  1 at bottom , 1 at here . 
  not sure if a spectator bug but it bothered me a bit . 
  he got juked .
