  for example cassiopeia was n't op , she was part of the stronger mid laners along so she got slightly nerfed and she is quite balanced at the moment . 
  orianna is n't op at all . 
  she is maybe the most balanced champion in this game , neither too strong or too weak . 
  she has some counterplay , she has some damage and utility , she has a low skillfloor and high skillcap , her laning/late game is good but not the best . 
  if she gets ahead , she can snowball , not like a katarina or fizz though . 
  i 'd actually prefer riven mains more than azir mains . 
  fuck that retarded poke with retarded dps with retarded zoning . 
  since you could n't say this , i will : ww and annie are the most easy to play champions in this game . 
  his weakness makes him hard . ^ ^ ^ i ^ actually ^ forgot ^ him, 
  that kayle save was so clutch . 
  i run boots of swiftness with alacrity . 
  her base damages are so good that she still hurts them with every e and by the time enemies got their mr items i usually have void staff . 
  when was the last time orianna got a significant buff/nerf ? 
  i mean i prefer her with these mana costs . 
  she can waveclear so easily and safe , so she needs to be mana gated at least . 
  at least you can spam everything in teamfights thanks to athene 's unique passive . 
  at first i thought these groups were mostly about locations but having cis in latin amerina group and having turkey in eastern asia group seems weird to me . 
  yea , iwci the qualifier for msi was like you mentioned and finals was played between turkey and brazil . 
  tr-br-sea seems like the top 3 regions . 
  tr won iwci but it 's been a few months since then so br or sea can very well be the best wildcard region at the moment . 
  oce seems like 4th region to me . 
  cis-latam 5th and 6th . 
  japan did n't impress me in iwci and i did n't follow ljl but considering they still do n't have their server i doubt that they made a progress more than cis or latam . 
  detonation focusme 's adc and mid laner were pretty good at iwci . 
  they seemed like their only good players but i think they were only standing out because their team was pretty weak . 
   wow her skills look so cool that passive is really creative and ... what the fuck is janna ult doing there ? 
  needs more janna ult . 
  4 autos i guess, 
  why it 's irrelevant ? 
  is your comment a lot more ethic than `` gtfo korean dog '' ? 
   korean 's have their pride, 
   we 're just trying to be one of you, 
  sounds strange to me . 
  rito why you nerf cleavage . 
  but froggen ca n't hard carry his team alone therefore he must suck . 
  he is also the most passive player to ever exist and he ca n't play any assassin for fuck 's sake . 
  i do n't believe in logic , i believe in reddit . 
   that was because the meta at the time fit the team really well . 
  froggen favors mage type mid laners and s4 summer mid laner meta was all about assassins . 
  wickd loves to play irelia , malphite and rumble but none of them was the meta . 
  tabzz shined with caitlyn and vayne but meta was all about lucian , kog ` maw and twitch . 
  nyph played every type of support from janna to blitzcrank and zilean , i do n't think every one of them fits him . 
  only person who loved last summer meta was shook apparantly . 
  so tell me how does 2014 summer meta fit alliance really well ? 
  voldemort, 
   give him an unecessary buff and the possibility to go to god tier status again is high , no matter how small it seems, 
  yeah , adding 10 damage to his q would him % 100 p/b again for sure . 
  different people , different tastes . 
  i miss the gem knight . 
  turkey is a beatiful country to visit , but not a good country to live in . 
  comes from a turk . 
  uneducated people who thinks literally turks  everyone else , corrupted and power hungry goverment , recently started terrorism from pkk and isis , weak economy , low living standarts compared to eu and usa . 
  i 'm not sure how turkey seems to be like from a foreigner 's view of point but to me we just go worse and worse each year . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  grinding can be fun sometimes but i do n't get how grinding and sandbox mode are related . 
  i mean shooting some free kicks with a ball equals to grinding now ? 
  we tend to vote for the most asshole politicians . 
  that part of turkey sucks . 
  i mean it 's almost like reddit does n't mean 1 person . 
  reddit is n't popular in turkey . 
  and it was 5am here when you made this comment dude :d, 
  i think i 'm gon na change my flair to tip till the next eu lcs with my boys elements . 
  i really want this team to be successful . 
  2,736,935 players and 0-10 ping . 
  god bless korean internet . 
  edit : guys even before you told me like a million times i knew that why korean internet is much faster than eu or usa internet . 
  but that 's not the only reason why they are the fastest since they have more than 50 million population and their internet is the fastest in the world which means they have established better structures than other small sized and rich countries like latvia , switzerland , estonia , denmark etc. 
   and they are still so bad competitively, 
  cmon man . 
  switch to fiber mate . 
  well they could at least be the best wildcard region by now since they have one of the oldest wildcard servers . 
  but they are n't . 
  they are always one of the favourites but they never became clearly the best wildcard region . 
  that 's ... pretty good . 
  30 $ = 91.5 and i pay 76 ( roughly 25 $ ) for 16mbps ... 
  i was expecting - __ -, 
  antalya from turkey here , i 'm about to melt ca n't even go outside ... 29 degrees celcius with % 76 humidity ... 
  first of all , i did n't mean any offense to brazil since i see brazil as a kind of a rival to turkish teams every tournament since teams from bigger regions are too strong and teams from smaller regions are too weak compared to turkish teams but brazilian teams always go equal with us . 
  i agree with that brazil is growing faster than other wildcard regions . 
  for now turkish teams managed to beat brazil but i do n't think that will repeat many times . 
  maybe iwci was the last time we have beaten you . 
  if a wildcard region grows to be a major region that would be brazil but i do n't see that happening in the near future . 
  1 game does n't mean anything , relax . 
  i 'm not an expert about the financial situations of baltic countries but are n't they ? 
  agreed . 
  brazil has a bigger player base than turkey and they 're importing some players from na and korea meanwhile turkey has a smaller player base but we are also importing players from eu . 
  other wildcard regions have smaller player bases and they do n't import afaik . 
  i think brazil is going to be bigger than turkey in the near future as we are sort of equal at the moment because you seem like investing more money on lol . 
  i do n't think oce will surpass brazil or turkey , they always hype their teams but never deliver the results . 
  disappeared before kikis . 
  i think that 's one of the reasons why kikis left the team . 
  this time in wildcard tournament turkey and brazil wo n't face-off , right ? 
  if so i think it 's kinda better this way . 
   and the celebration is quickly cut off when valve have a local dj from down the street play a 40 minute concert to entertain the fans . 
  even remembering that was painful . 
  new scoreboard does n't show the dominion points . 
  which is still better than heavy snowball meta . 
   that 's just a personal opinion but for me they are the best team na atm . 
  that 's why i changed my flair to tip from el till the next split begins .
