   did n't you guys see a 1v4, 
  dies instantly . 
  got ta love zion lol, 
  whoa whoa let 's not get crazy there ... 
  i have n't seen for a long time but i 'm definitely going to check it if he ever does . 
  european people are outplaying european people in north america . 
  now that 's interesting ... 
  is this a thing ? 
  sion . 
  sion is the best . 
  so beatiuful . 
   yep your coach suddenly started playing jungle , carry junglers , having stompy scores, 
  yeah well whatever ... 
   and switched the flash key !, 
  it 's horo !, 
   jungle/bot/mid / top decides the game !, 
   do n't flame and you can climb !, 
   play what you can play and do your best !, 
  yes . 
  there is a reason why pro players spam 3-4 champions to climb fast . 
  some of them flame , some of them mute everyone and they play any role but of course they prefer their main role . 
  and they climb !, 
  how surprising !, 
  there is n't a secret . 
  play better , get placed better . 
  lucian was level 14 , his q would deal much higher damage . 
  he expected graves to use ult . 
  same here . 
  watched for like 6 times to see everything going on lol, 
  rip download link, 
  ohhh baby, 
  same applies to alex ich . 
  he had a preference to tanky mages which can also top like mordekaiser , galio , vlad , ryze . 
  he said he likes to play top lane champions more than mid . 
  i have alliance icon too , all satellizerlb confirmed ? 
  i did n't watch the stream but did he buy it while streaming ? 
  i was expecting that he already had it since he always says he is friends with froggen . 
  nah , reaction was perfect . 
  oh god ... 
  well they can promise more since they do n't keep their compensation promises . 
  shit is getting real . 
  4head 4head 4head, 
  got ta love reddit . 
  guys , it 's just a guess/rumor . 
  do n't take it as a confirmed situation . 
  `` why are you leaving pob ? 
  '' , `` not sure if i liked this change '' etc. 
  would n't be surprised . 
  he is a good player but also a terrible person . 
  same here . 
  i 'm 21 now and i feel so different from when i was 18 or 19 . 
  i think it 's something about passing the 20 years mark . 
  maybe you are n't aware ? 
  because it happens so often to me like 2-3 times in a game . 
  sometimes my champion picks a weird way because of a few minions , sometimes my champion gets completely stuck . 
  it happens more often with bigger champions like cho ` gath , nautilus or sion . 
  he is a good jungler and i 'm not saying he does n't think about his team 's success . 
  you do n't need to know someone if there are enough facts which shows that he is a bad mannered person . 
  for example like luis suarez . 
  damn , that 's a lot . 
  i know he is both a player and an icon but 1 million is still way too much for any western team . 
  i remember scarra 's 16 games lose streak . 
  i do n't like k0u but ocelote is kinda improved as a person . 
  i 'm not sure if he is a * motherfucking beast * though . 
  why is this thread did n't get more upvotes ? 
  is your ocelote hate causing to downvote this even though ocelote is bringing insight to some rumors about his teammate ? 
  edit * no . 
  fuck it . 
  seems like he somehow managed to become even more douche . 
  ah , my bad . 
  he is fucking awesome . 
  i would be incredibly mad . 
  it 's pretty refreshing to see turkish is n't the only language who has some long/weird word groups for some foreign things . 
  i know , i watched enough british movies i think :d, 
  turkish people do n't use these type of word groups either . 
  but , turkish language association invents some weird stuff only to become a joke like that . 
  i think same applies to english . 
  i always thought we were the only one ... 
  rip hamster :'(, 
  yo moobeat , did you forget to put ahri 's new splash art or is it cancelled ? 
  i really liked that splash pls, 
  same here ( no homo ), 
  oh , i was so hyped for it ... :'(, 
  his tp was really bad but after seeing his e in to vlad flash i felt sorry for maokai . 
  in my opinion , promo series completely sucks . 
  it 's not really funny to play against a challenger guy while i 'm trying to make it into d2 . 
   but , league does n't matter , it 's mmr dude !, 
  then why leagues exist ? 
  why am i have to play against a challenger guy to decide if i 'm worthy of d2 ? 
  i just do n't like the idea of promos . 
  if i can make enough lp , i should be able to make it into the next division without playing against a dude who is 2-3 divisions higher than me . 
  bad thing is , promos make climbing harder than dropping . 
  if your mmr is below the average of your division , you will drop in the first lose at 0lp . 
  but , even if you make an epic mmr , you must go through promos and if you fail them you wo n't make it into next division no matter how high your mmr . 
  i know , you will get more lp 's with wins and lose less lp but still climbing has a handicap compared to dropping . 
  i think , riot should completely get rid of promos . 
  i think this will make climbing easier since promo matches boosts your mmr but not your lp . 
  so , even if you get 3-0 in your tier promos , you will only get a higher mmr which should n't be the point of promos . 
  elephants guide me !, 
  so she is n't op .
