  it was the best splash art when released imo . 
  would have been better if fans were working too . 
  anyways , great animating . 
  i also really like camera shaking ( not sure if this is the right word ) effect . 
  play taiko , easier to hit but helps your timing . 
  i started playing osu after taiko and did n't really have a trouble with timing . 
  yeah , ryze 's combo is way too hard compared to varus . 
  also , varus is really tanky while ryze stays squishy the whole game . 
  whoa ... 50 is my usual ping and it feels so good to me after playing with 80ms for 3 years . 
  and you called 40 the worst ... oh ... 
  missing icons , borders , enemy team splash arts , honor things ( not really common though ) . 
  i really like the idea of coloring the splash arts instead of percentage showing . 
  also , i love you for putting ahri in the middle , my favourite from latest release of splash arts . 
  morde wrecks leblanc too . 
  endless push is the bane of leblanc . 
  i. . . actually respect you . 
  i do n't like the idea of advertising . 
  but , i fucking love polar bears . 
  so , here 's an upvote . 
  oh , you do n't have to die with mordekaiser though . 
  he is quite tanky with his passive at early game . 
  as they get level up morde becomes able to clear the wave faster so it becomes harder for leblanc . 
  also morde 's sustain is pretty fine with hextech . 
  it was my secret strategy against leblanc when she was a popular pick . 
  whatever , no one plays leblanc anymore anyways so who gives a shit . 
  needs borders and icons . 
  4/5 connected seems unnecessary to me . 
  i think this one looks better than other but it 's still not good enough . 
  also , ahri splash best splash . 
  i do n't see how this is my internet provider 's fault when i got 90ms all of a sudden with 4.18 patch from 50ms . 
  also , while lol is lagging or disconnecting if i can still connect to the internet then it 's riot 's fault . 
  9mbps is n't low . 
  i played with 3mbps and i had 80ms . 
  now , i 'm playing with 16mpbs and i 'm getting 90 to 100ms . 
  no matter how i look at this , it 's something about 4.18 which means riot . 
  so what happened to cassio ? 
  the last one . . got me ... too good for me . 
  no , i mean after cassio rework she was at the bottom , but she is n't even in the list anymore . 
  seemed weird to me . 
  now ** this ** is what i call a ** 1v5 penta !, 
  ** fucking boxbox too good . 
   once you start telling others to kill themselves you need to quit the game . 
  ftfy, 
  why no penta for only once :( i felt sorry after seeing all these quadra kills ... 
  fun fact : with the 3-1 in the finals , the only teams who got 3-0ed are the korean teams . 
  i was only listening some of their songs but after this performance im a god damn fanboy !, 
  korean crowd was n't really into it i think or audio setup did n't record their voices but imagine dragons gave their best , that 's why i 'm amazed mostly . 
  same here . 
  i was only listening some of their songs but after seeing this awesome performace im a god damn fanboy . 
  they earned a new fan today . 
  korean crowd was n't really into it or audio setup did n't record the chants i do n't know but imagine dragons gave their best . 
  that 's why i 'm so fucking amazed right now . 
  edit : okay i get it . 
  it seems crowd was into it but we could n't hear them because of audio setup . 
  amazing . 
  [ toxicity ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwsxelgnshk ), 
  not sure if serious ... 
  i hope you will be proven as wrong . 
  i do n't want tabzz to leave alliance . 
  it 's not like rekkles is so much better than tabzz . 
  i think he is better at vayne , cait , twitch and tristana maybe but tabzz 's lucian , corki are better than rekkles ' . 
  whatever , i do n't want tabzz to leave for any reason unless he does something stupid like svenskeren . 
  shook is also overrated and only looks good because wickd makes the plays . 
  yeah , tabzz is more than enough for alliance 's playstyle . 
  he does his job pretty well . 
  not sure , i always saw tabzz as a better lucian than anybody in europe , may be a little bit biased since i 'm an alliance fan though . 
  yep , just saw it . 
  i think alliance management is n't the type of doing that kind of shady things so tabzz should be safe . 
  but how will they get karma if they do n't say `` confirmed '' ? 
  whoa ... namei was the best adc in the world before worlds and now he is getting replaced ... 
  things change pretty fast . 
  or force of nature . 
  same here , but i made it at 6th promos to diamond . 
  before that , i 've been in every plat league , mostly at plat1-2 . 
  got ta keep trying . 
  at s3 when i was gold 1 , i hit 95 lp then lost a game . 
  i was getting 6-7 lp , but when i lose i lost like 10 lp . 
  of course i got so angry , tryharded next game and won , got the promos . 
  i was so surprised , i think riot likes to fuck with us . 
  i think azir is the best example of an incomplete champion . 
  he is buggy as hell . 
  he does a lot of stuff but they 're so hard to pull off . 
  his early game is too weak because of his mana costs and sloppy nature . 
  he is pretty mobile but he is sacrificing a big part of his damage for being mobile . 
  his ultimate is good but usually it 's usage is zoning people or saving your ass , it 's damage could be higher . 
  in late game however , azir is a monster damage dealer . 
  but he is so easy to focus , because he needs to be pretty close to deal damage . 
  i do n't see any reason to pick azir when there are better sustained magic damage dealers in late game such as karthus or anivia . 
  it 's all right with me . 
  my problem is never ending reddit thing does n't work for some reason . 
  i have to click on it to expand the page . 
  iirc ironstylus said they will fix this . 
  that xpeke plays is too good . 
  i 'm still not sure if it was intentional and i think we will never know it but it seemed just so perfect . 
  i would prefer tabzz instead of rekkles . 
  rekkles ' mechanics seems better but i do n't remember a moment where tabzz disappointed me . 
  dude knows his stuff and always does well . 
  he is n't too passive or aggressive , i just like the way he plays with alliance . 
  rekkles is kinda right about being afraid since he is the one at the center of fnatic 's game style . 
  they were n't like that before rekkles so i kinda blame rekkles for this style .
