  til, 
  yes , some of us do . 
  it was much worse a few years ago though . 
  xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd, 
  seems more like a passive aggressive ranting to me rather than sarcasm . 
  brothers !, 
  time to main miss fortune it seems . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are we good now ? 
   mordekaiser was equally shitty before the rework . 
  no , just no . 
  i did n't know that and that 's why i asked . 
  since when asking something you do n't know is complaining ? 
  anyways , it 's nice that they 've been working on it , i 'm excited . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  nice changes overall . 
  good work guys . 
  it tastes better than it looks . 
  # \\ #clarity, 
  insightful post, 
  he has several buffs on pbe . 
  reminds me of how gezi started in turkey . 
  just for once i want an evidence about turkey supporting isis except that `` satellite images '' because isis oil is for everyone 's interests not only turkey . 
  i know but it 's not only turkey . 
  why do you think global oil prices are going down ? 
  go on ... 
   it 's enough for to believe that they want their empire back . 
  i ca n't blame them/us for that . 
   i 've never met a people more attached to their ethnicity , it 's like being a turk is their whole identity . 
  that 's something i hate too . 
  it 's because our education system teaches us about the glorious things turks did and leave it there and do n't deeply mention the bad things we did . 
  that , combined with ignorance , makes turks what they 're now , stuck in their history and is n't able to progress because they always adore their past . 
  greeks are very similar to us in this matter . 
  they 're obsessed with byzantine , we are obsessed with ottoman . 
  two of the most powerful countries of all time , and the nations built them are now struggling with let alone being a truly powerful country but just progressing forward . 
  but still this is n't a proof that turkey supports isis . 
  i 've always heard this here , but seeing isis making attacks in turkey and turkey openly supporting turkmens in syria who are an enemy of isis , i find it hard to believe . 
  so i 'm asking because maybe someone knows something i did n't know . 
  not everyone has the same play style so they may be worthless for him . 
  i mean maybe he prefers leveling e over w because leveling e reduces it 's cooldown and boosts his kiting kinda like ezreal 's w-e . also , competitive play and solo q are very different so maybe w worths even less in competitive play because of the lane swap meta . 
   except that maxing traps -  abusing them for their siege potential has been proven to be the most effective playstyle in competitive . 
  i 'm saying that he does n't have to value this . 
  i agree with that caitlyn traps are pretty useful but there are different people with different playstyles and judging them over their styles is not fair . 
  maybe both ? 
  probably they pay more for 1rp than you do . 
  sad but true . 
  only 52 upvotes for this thread ... 
  the fountain . 
  i still do n't know what the fuck that movie was about . 
  i mean i get the plot but still it does n't make any sense and the kore you think about it , it gets even more meaningless . 
  apparently it was ... 
  i just saw this on a turkish forum and thought reddit would like this . 
  my bad . 
  so much this . 
  i grew to respect polish and russian people because i love history and while reading about ottomans i saw that the polish and the russians were the only ones that could stand against ottomans in their prime while other nations accepting their dominance . 
  even if they lose the war , this is something to admire , being proud and prefering to fight no matter what . 
  anyways , i was curious to see their capitals since strong countries like that always make their home beatiful . 
  moscow kinda delivered , there are soviet-era colorless-soulless buildings but the rest is beatiful . 
  warsaw on the other hand ... 
  i could n't find what i looked for . 
  at all . 
  it 's not that they 're killing us . 
  they did that before . 
  we defend our country at all costs . 
  it 's about western support for pkk and ypg . 
  keep supporting terrorism and just wait for it to hit you back . 
  and fuck you too . 
  germany ? 
  netherlands ? 
  you do n't know how i was surprised when i hear a german friend of mine cursing in turkish when we played a game together over skype . 
  since then whenever i see someone saying things like `` hey i know that turkish word '' i always think he is german . 
  should we tell him ? 
  turkey has 80 nuclear warheads at incirlik air base , 60 of them are for nato while 20 of them for turkey to use in a war . 
  how about a [ serious ] tag ? 
  this way we do n't lose memes , but we also can have serious conversions in the threads like post-match discussions , patch notes or any other serious stuff . 
  because i think a sub without memes seems super boring to me . 
  but i also think there are too many memes atm and it needs to be reduced somehow . 
  actually / r/leagueofdiscussion seemed like a good idea to me ... 
  yes , because it 's subjective . 
  so what you should say was `` i think he is a good man '' . 
   i can already hear ~ ~ usa ~ ~ ** tsm ** chants, 
  i 'm sorry , no . 
  first time i laugh this hard at any league-related comic , you are the best . 
  i always do . 
   edit : apparently tak took the responsibility for the attack . 
  however it is still not pkk . 
  tak is a breakway branch of the pkk that openly criticizes and strongly disagrees publicly with pkk 's increasingly restrained tactics . 
  wiki, 
  you know , i do n't even care anymore . 
  tak took responsibililty for this one , pkk would take for another one , it 's all the same . 
  they may conflict between themselves but at least for one thing they stand united : killing turkish innocents . 
  by the way , apparently they had like 500 kilograms of explosive in that truck . 
  that 's a huge number and considering the damage , it may not be an exaggeration . 
  i believe they got these explosives from ypg because that 's the first time a kurdish terrorist attack had this much ammunition so it 's easy to link them . 
  but of course it 's not proven , that 's just my opinion . 
  then what makes an * attack * a * terrorist attack * ? 
   but then you could call the english bombing of nazi germany terrorism , or the us bombing of japan . 
  both times civilians were targeted to diminish to their will to continue fighting the war . 
  these are act of wars . 
  act of wars with terrorism intends the fact that these are act of war does n't change .
