  week ), 
  yellowstar, 
  favourite eu team : alliance, 
  there is n't such thing as `` you should have said ... '' it 's called my opinion after all . 
  also , cyanide performed best this split . 
  it 's not about mechanics . 
  all servers are like this . 
  if you get a famous player ( pro player/streamer/rioter etc. ), 
  your team becomes filled with angel-like creatures . 
  any other game depends on your chance about getting toxic people in your team . 
  so there is n't any `` elo heaven '' or something . 
  you play better , they play better but toxicity remains . 
  i 'm not playing for like 2 weeks because of some summer activities but i do n't know if i will start to play again when school starts because of the stress these flamers are gifting me . 
  source : a d1 guy in turkey server, 
  is it about `` korean mechanics '' or the teamplay they excel at ? 
  also , who said koreans have the best mechanics ? 
  they play this game better but not mechanically . 
  that team is the reason why i am and many other people are fan of alliance at the moment . 
  i was wondering why anyone did n't mention this series before . 
  whole series worth to watch and it ends with the famous zed vs. zed duel . 
  rekkles  space, 
  dade  xpeke, 
  questions ? 
  tell you why , valve is a better company . 
  riot is also a good company , better than many others but while riot cares about their game valve actually cares abour player experience too . 
  client sucks ? 
  ignore it for like 3 years . 
  there are bugs ? 
  ignore them until they show up at lcs . 
  implement something new and useful ? 
  also implement some crazy ass bugs because of shitty code base . 
  it 's been 5 years since league 's beta and we still hear that `` shitty code base '' thing . 
  that 's unexcusable . 
  sounded salty , maybe i am . 
  my eyes ... 
  time to switch . 
  i still ca n't forget the fun i was having with custom maps of warcraft 3 . 
  uther party , legion td , ttw , vampirism ... oh , the nostalgia ... 
  ssssshhhhhhhh ... not here . 
  oh shit flame , why are you scaring us ... 
  a pathetic apology caused by the fear of losing reputation . 
  mee too , but this subreddit does n't like him . 
  sk won because they played better in this series . 
  also , millenium played bad if you consider the fact that they won 2 matches and lost 2 matches against each other in summer split . 
  if i was a 16 years old egoist kid , i 'd want to write exact same apology as k0u did . 
  it 's not about apology , it 's about being honest . 
  he did n't write this apparently if we consider what he wrote hours ago . 
  maybe he wrote something , then someone corrected and formalized it for k0u , but as i said that 's not being completely `` honest '' . 
  also , what he did is a big deal , leaving his long time team only 2 days before play-off match . 
  wasting 4 + people 's efforts . 
  `` yeah , well , i 'm sorry . '', 
  ca n't be enough for this . 
  he was threating freeze hours ago and now he wrote this . 
  reason is quite obvious . 
  he was thinking about blaming his teammates for what he did , however after seeing the reaction here in reddit he changed his mind . 
  and said `` i 'm sorry . '', 
  while accepting most of freeze 's accusations . 
  sorry for my bad english , tried to explain myself . 
  if it were n't the earlier tweets k0u posted , i would think exactly the same but ... 
  i do n't know , he firstly denied what freeze said , then he mostly accepted what he said while saying `` sorry . '', 
  and adding some parts too . 
  does n't seem reliable to me but well that 's just my 2 cents . 
  you better share his videos from now on as excuse !, 
  with credits of course . 
  yeah , he said that but did n't mean that much to me . 
  i think i 'm not able to be as unbiased as you when i think about the outcomes for other teammates of k0u . 
  is that a grill kreygasm, 
  you can always watch some educational streams . 
  no one started the game while having these abilities like knowing when to roam . 
  edit : it 's better for you to stay at bronze til you learn these abilities . 
  i 'm using f1 because of dota habits . 
  edit : but , yeah if i was n't familiar with dota or wc3 i would use space , i think . 
  reminds me infamous zed vs zed duel . 
  just when i thought `` ah , he died ... '' he does the faker things . 
  amazing . 
  legion td , ttw , line tower wars and , of course , element td . 
  i think i was more of a person who likes to compete even with towers . 
  also , uther party would n't be bad either . 
  i greet you . 
  ti is much bigger than lcs . 
  i played dota for like seven years and then i started to play lol 2.5 years ago . 
  when i got frustrated because of some trolls , losing streaks or even my play etc. 
  i tried to give dota 2 a chance several times and i could n't make it . 
  camera is different , movement feels clunky , everything seems laggy compared to lol . 
  point is , that does n't mean `` dota 2 mechanics are worse than lol . '', 
  or something . 
  but , it 's definitely different . 
  people who played dota before lol should understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  there are some ways dota 2 is superior to lol like flexible meta , stable client and server , replay system , more balanced heroes . 
  some of them seems pretty op compared to champions but they are n't or they do n't feel like while playing . 
  with these new modes i think i will give another chance . 
  i 'm just waiting for my lovely tower war maps/mods . 
  just wanted to say , i do n't know . 
  bjergsen was like shiphtur of eu . 
  played like one of the best but got demoted . 
  before i was into the league , turn rates were natural for me . 
  but , after playing league for 2.5 years , turn rates started to killing me . 
  so , yeah , turn rates are weird for lol players . 
  i think it was azwraith - phantom lancer , white axe ( grom hellscream ) model . 
  xpeke , alex ich , bjergsen , froggen were the best mid laners at europe last summer split in my opinion .
