  turkey finals were n't any different . 
  they paused the game for like 1.5-2 hours after game 1 started . 
  even in iwci games were getting paused occasionally . 
  still have no idea why riot chose turkey again to host this event . 
  what ? 
  i think that would be for the better . 
  at least people would find another thing to blame instead of turkey . 
  hell i do n't get how riot turkey being fucked up means turkey sucks . 
  he probably just lost a lane to rek ` sai and thought he played better but he was unstoppable . 
  yes . 
  there are always 1 or maybe 2 turkish streamers in the top 10 of twitch mostly because turkish people do n't know english . 
  french and german streamers also seem to be popular . 
  i hate erdogan . 
  but he gets his vote mostly from uneducated muslim people here . 
  it sucks , you have no idea . 
  well , people who vote for erdogan are n't exactly bad guys . 
  they just do n't follow internet or any other media except erdogan 's so they do n't even know turkey 's current situation . 
  and erdogan says stuff like `` we are strong , we will be stronger but * they * do n't let us be '' * they * always change , sometimes it 's some foreign countries sometimes it 's other political people sometimes it 's something different but the main point stays . 
  bad thing is we are n't strong , we do n't get stronger actually we get weaker economically . 
  anyways , it sucks . 
  by the way kayseri is like erdogan 's stronghold , edirne is n't though . 
  economic grow rate in 2001 with turkey 's worst economic crisis : % 6, 
  economic grow rate in 2015 so far without any economic crisis at all : % 2.5, 
  i better be grateful for this decrease . 
  highlights from yesterday :, 
   fuck turkey, 
   turkey sucks anyways, 
  i 'm salty . 
  well maybe because that 's not fault of the entire turkey so blaming turkey country instead of riot turkey seems obnoxious to me . 
  edit . 
  i always thought aussy people as cool guys . 
  please do n't destroy this for me . 
  some posts made front page one of them was `` fuck turkey . 
  fuck you . 
  i 'm salty . '', 
  others were upvoted comments . 
  does it really matter though ? 
  yeah chiefs seem scary . 
  but last time bkt won the game against bjk in the group phase so dp better not underestimate them . 
  according to edward and forg1ven ( ? ), 
  he is the best mid later who did n't play in lcs yet . 
  teams need to prepare dude . 
  pobelter and felix 's viktor is pretty good though . 
  lulu top is there for the utility not the tankiness so i do n't think that 's a logical choice . 
  every utility champ needs cdr badly . 
  rokenia made dfm lose , naru made dp win . 
  also what a throw but you got ta give it to dp how good they played from behind . 
  what ? 
  all right then . 
  wtf your koala dude ... 
  no safe is savage . 
  implying any other wildcard team is guaranteed to win games . 
  what ? 
  dp played this game perfectly . 
  they got triple buff in the beginning , stopped that dive , won the lane swap , got their fizz ahead , naru killed his opponent solo etc. 
  he is a jungle main so yea his positioning sucks . 
  since turkey is out , i 'm gon na support chiefs instead of dp because we gave them so many troubles in the past . 
  raise your koalas, 
  well maybe because it was op as fuck ? 
  not really . 
  in lol you know what you gon na get but in hs packs are random so grinding for a deck becomes grinding for dust . 
  and grinding for dust takes a looooooong loooong time . 
  no , random is better for a newbie player because they would n't exactly know what they 're going to enjoy playing . 
  deadman 's plate is my new favourite . 
  it also gives passive movement speed and a slow , so strong as a 6th defensive item . 
  well sometimes it 's useful , for example when you try to run away . 
  it 's more useful than randuin 's omen 's passive imo . 
  agreed . 
  rengar 's combo abilities do n't have cooldowns so it 's useful for him but elise , jayce and others have 2 set of cooldowns so it 's not useful , it 's confusing . 
  chimp ? 
  who 's chimp ? 
  edit : wow i actually replied to the wrong dude . 
  i can confirm both parts . 
  i have a friend playing for a turkish challenger league team and his main acc is on euw . 
  his turkish account got banned like a month ago because of `` scripting '' however i know that he does n't script . 
  he is an irl friend of mine , we always play with teamspeak sometimes skype and i 'm % 100 sure that he does n't script . 
  for the other part , the reason why he mainly played on euw was the drophacks . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  when i went to his house this july he played a draven game and right after he got the first blood , he and his duo got dropped . 
  i do n't know , i do n't play on the turkish server and i do n't even have a acc there but for me , i saw a game and that game got drophacked . 
  like % 100 of the games i saw in s5 playing in tr got drophacked . 
  anyways , i think you all know that riot tr sucks after seeing many posts about them here . 
  they 're even worse then garena in my opinion . 
  it 's just so unfair for fair playing people . 
  ant is one fucked up organization . 
  i know many bad things about their former players , it 's so fucked up . 
  like ddosing their matches . 
  there was a university tournament 2 years ago and an ant player ( top laner iirc ) was playing for the other team in the finals . 
  we got ddosed , it was so obvious and we reported it to the referee but they said it was n't a ddos because that ant player said it was n't . 
  no idea why but his word was more trustful than what they saw . 
  anyways i do n't exactly remember how that bo3 ended since their ddosing stopped in the 2nd match ( edit : i think we won it actually ) . 
  oh i do n't even count in flaming , trolling etc. 
  they do in higher level games . 
  i heard this one before ... 
  i 'm not sure if the juggernauts are still new . 
  read that ability 's description before whining . 
  somebody has to be poor in order to make the other one rich . 
  why do you think war exists in middle-east ? 
  where does isis or al qaeda get their weapons ? 
  it 's not like arabs fuck themselves , they 're getting fucked by west .
