  she is no longer viable as mid or support . 
  evelynn : alex ich started to play her as mid laner in s2 , got nerfed hard . 
  she was n't viable/a meta pick until s4 comes up with vision changes . 
  kog ` maw : froggen started to play him as mid laner in s2 , got nerfed hard . 
  he was n't viable until adc itemization changes at s4 . 
  hell , koreans started to play him as apc again , but i do n't think riot will nerf kog ` maw this time as hard as they did in the past . 
  so , i do n't see the point of `` nerf morgana support but leave morgana mid pls '' type of arguments . 
  if a champion somehow becomes overpowered in some role , it should be nerfed to keep the balance . 
  morgana is n't an exception . 
  her mid laning will also be effected with the nerfs . 
  oh , i started to play when she was the mid-nightmare at march/april of s2 so i do n't really know the meta before that time . 
  she was the first permaban champion i 've ever known . 
  then i learned to ban amumu and maokai too . 
  those were the times when they were op . 
  it was hard to vote . 
  i mean , after voting all of korean teams i struggled what to pick . 
  and their main roles are also effected by these nerfs . 
  soraka 's lane harass is weaker , her damage output is lower and her e costs mana after the nerfs . 
  kha ` zix 's whole damage got lower if i 'm not wrong . 
  they nerfed them to keep them in their intended role but by doing so they nerfed their intended role too . 
  i 'm afraid this will happen to morgana too . 
  the top lane alistar nerf was the best i 've recently seen . 
  they only did a fix to his w but that was the thing made him so strong at top lane . 
  that nerf was on the exact point . 
  support alistar remained the same after that nerf . 
  but , i do n't see a way to nerf support morgana while keeping mid morgana the same . 
  when i got bored of dota , i actually played lol a week or a few days more before s1 . 
  i remember that i was playing ad tf with global tp ultimate and mid ad tristana with madred 's , i fed so hard with these but no one did n't really care . 
  also , pantheon was n't free but everygame there was pantheon for each side , it was so op or i thought so . 
  good days . 
  i have judgment kayle now , thanks to rito . 
  but , i did n't play ranked and i 've never become lvl20 + before i started to play lol seriously so i did n't know if there was a somewhat meta before that . 
  and i ca n't imagine ranked play without a meta , that 's how strict meta we have right now . 
   no more awkward stopping : movement commands now persist after flashing in the same direction you 're moving, 
  best change ever . 
  i do n't know how many times i failed to hit/run/use a skill etc. 
  after flashing . 
  thanks rito . 
  no one will do that , lol . 
  wickd is good at irelia but irelia is a very situational pick right now . 
  irelia is n't the only champion wickd can play , his champion pool is quite good for meta . 
  also , he is n't able to carry even with irelia , so there is no point in banning irelia . 
  yet 1 or 2 teams banned irelia against him . 
  and that was the time when jax/shyvana top was so popular , wickd used irelia instead in some matches . 
  nami is doing well against morgana with her poke , sustain and counter-engage . 
  braum is also doing well against morgana with his op shield and op peel . 
  but , braum is getting nerfed slowly like thresh and i think it will be morgana 's time after that . 
  i think ca did n't ban orianna on purpose ... 
  liftlift so angry, 
  it 's 3rd game and clg is about to win a game finally ... 
   this could be 3-2 to clg !, 
  - casters, 
  i mean ... wtf ? 
  i think they forgot to wear their clg jerseys with doublelift 's sign . 
  is it just me or did aphro really seem dissappointed while picking janna ? 
  `` woah this showdown is going great ... '', 
   * thanks guys , that 's all we have for today ... *, 
  that was a surprising end . 
  casters knew it all along, 
  dark passage hype train derails . 
  traditional sword of traditional galactic renekton, 
  that 's where he belong unless he moves to na and tries to home coach a team . 
  cloud 9 does n't have a chance wtf they lose scrims vs a unknown korean team omg / s, 
  they also won against legacy gaming and others before qualifying with wildcard . 
  that was the point which i was trying to make , thank you sir god bless . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i know and tried to continue it , but it seems i failed . 
  this . 
  i was also a gold 1 player last season . 
  when i figured out how i should play ranked it was too late because i was earning only 4-5 lp per win . 
  this season i climbed with orianna to plat 1 in 2 weeks with the help of soft-reset . 
  then i got stuck in plat 1 because i failed my diamond promos for 4-5 times . 
  i stayed in plat 1-3 for like 5 months , then i finally made it to diamond and climbed to dia 2 . 
  point is , you should always care about your play . 
  you can have afkers , laggers , intentionally feeder in your team , everybody have some games with these people . 
  you should never give up in yourself . 
  that 's how you can climb . 
  also , when you climb you will realize that you really are a better player than before . 
  playing with better players makes you a better one i think . 
  just play what you are able to play , sometimes fuck meta , sometimes go double adc but whatever you do , do your job with your best . 
  do n't be afraid to pick and play like you want . 
  there are out meta champs like urgot/viktor/shaco mains in dia1 . 
  i tried ap sejuani after seeing that flamer guy at twitch and it works pretty well at solo q. 
  if you get bored of your mains , try new champs like these , believe me they work . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** do n't flame , be a good teammate , play what you want but do your job , do n't get frustrated if you have a bad game or bad teammates . 
  there are always a next chance in lol and you will improve yourself while doing these . 
  these are ... beatiful . 
  oh the burn, 
  also his english is really ... nevermind . 
  this is ... beatiful . 
  pink taric , best taric . 
  i like the new art style generally . 
  especially orianna and leblanc looks so much better . 
  but i do n't like that nautilus . 
  nautilus is a metal giant , not plastic . 
  some parts must shine . 
  i do n't know , i just feel like that style is n't fitting for nautilus . 
  this guy asking a serious question . 
  freddy122 's winrate is lower than wickd . 
  soaz and balls are using adc role to climb .
