  edit : fuck this grammar is too hard . 
  turks from south-eastern turkey are tend to look older than their actual age . 
  they did n't come to worlds with riot 's invite or something you know . 
  they 've beaten other wildcard teams and legacy gaming at finals . 
  so , they 're able to * beat * some teams . 
  sometimes strong team loses to weak one , for example samsung ozone could n't make it out of group last year . 
  i did n't say dp would beat ssw , they ca n't , lol . 
  i just gave an example about how the predictions can be wrong sometimes . 
  dp is able to win a few games considering their skill level and gameplay , but i do n't think they can make it out of the group stage . 
  i mean , what if edg/ssw plays relaxed ? 
  what if ahq wins against edg/ssw then loses against dp ? 
  well , i do n't think ssw will play relaxed after last year 's fail but stuff happens as you said . 
  nah , it was during the failfish reference from qu1ckshot . 
  oh , the spam was so real . 
  and i was thinking about going to school tomorrow , oh how wrong i was ... 
  fuck school and get hyped !, 
  animators of the legend of korra ? 
  i did n't hear about that , what did they make ? 
  i 'm a big fan of the last airbender series . 
  i did n't know that this was made by them ... holy shit , i fucking love riot !, 
  school is for the weak !, 
  lets do this boys !, 
  ^ ^ eu ^ ^ version, 
  and here i was thinking that it would be at least 4 pm if you have a personal rule ... 
  fuck it dude , today is a special day !, 
  start already god dammit, 
  those ori ultimates are n't making a impact at all . 
  he just missed them or hit only 1 person , not really effective . 
  i feel so sorry for sk gaming team ... all of their efforts wasted by a moron for nothing . 
  edit * for everyone who has been asking for what happened , [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://na.lolesports.com/articles/league-legends-competition-ruling-dennis-%e2%80%9csvenskeren%e2%80%9d-johnsen ), 
  inb4 dark passage becomes new tpa . 
  this is different dude . 
  hsgg is also known for being toxic in solo q , but he never would n't do anything like svenskeren did . 
  it 's just being a complete idiot who does n't give a fuck about circumstances and outcomes about his own idiocy . 
  i hope svenskeren would be happy after seeing his teammates got destroyed like this . 
  edit : i think my grammar sucks . 
  did you ever think about that tho ? 
  as a turk , i had hopes about dp can win 1-2 games but with this performance ... 
  that 's always the case . 
  skt/kta is n't there while tsm/ahq/sk / fnc/lmq is . 
  also , asians teams never won a world cup in football , but they many slots for tournament every time . 
  it 's how a world tournament should be done . 
  edit : oops . 
  i forgot to add , let 's get downvoted for stating the truth . 
  inb4 `` riot pls no wildcarderino '', 
  how about both ? 
  roccat also would have been better than sk . 
  last year , kt bullets would have been better than sso . 
  i think i like them ... yeah . 
  that syndra build tho . 
  in the hole baby . 
  `` void staff is overrated . '', 
  - morning 2014, 
  `` void staff is overrated . '', 
  - morning 2014, 
  uh , chinese orianna players did n't impress me so far . 
  first , u and his fail ultimates . 
  now , corn did n't do anything different . 
  after the edg match , it seems imp awakened his inner wildturtle thanks to these scrims . 
  most of them are experienced casters who have casted other games other than lol such as battlefield 2 . 
  others are ex-pro players loved by the community , hence they pursued the caster carrier . 
  riot and we pay attention to casters . 
  you do n't know how much hate deficio got when he started casting ... 
  but right now , he is really good as an analyst . 
  also having a weekly schedule thanks to lcs helps them . 
  greentea 's aimbot is broken i think . 
  he got suspended for 3 matches because of picking a nickname which is racist and offends taiwanese community in taiwanese server . 
  if you listen carefully , you can hear kobe 's laughter . 
  wildturtle - lustboy is n't good yet i think . 
  they underperformed at play-offs , destroyed by uzi-zero and could n't get any advantage against candypanda-nrated . 
  they need to get their shit together before it 's too late . 
  it 's nice to know there are guys like you :p, 
  i 'm an ex-dota player , started to lol when most of the community switched over to dota 2 . 
  since then what i encountered here in turkey is nothing but `` dota  lol '' or `` lol  dota '' crap . 
  in reddit however , this sub is very much like / r/dota2 except that sometimes i see some guys over there saying stuff like `` lol is a newbie game . '', 
  well , this is natural , no one can not control a game 's community after all . 
  there should be some dudes like them but maybe my eyes do n't catch , lol . 
  also , when i watched ti4 i felt like my brain is going to explode . 
  i could n't understand what was going on even though i played dota 2 for a little while . 
  so , i think the same thing should be happening to you if you are trying to watch worlds . 
  in lol , we have a strict meta so if you watch a few games you will see nearly all of the possible picks so you can start to understand what is going on and have fun . 
  sorry for my grammar and good luck !, 
  if i 'm not wrong deficio worked with an english teacher and a voice coach . 
  the things you mentioned also gives riot the right to check their job . 
  they 're full-time casters so they need to care about how they do their job which helps them become better . 
  but sucks in a way , they do n't mention things like bugs in the game or svenkeren incident etc. 
  it was quite similar in lol ranked gameplay until season 4 comes up with the big vision changes . 
  they introduced a free ward which replenishes after some time for every player and limited the ward amount a player can carry with 3 green ward + 1 pink ward . 
  green wards : stealth , ca n't see other stealth units . 
  lasts for 3 minutes . 
  pink wards : visible , can see other stealth units . 
  last until it got destroyed or replaced . 
  that being said , still in ranked gameplay players do n't buy many wards . 
  usually jungler and support shares this burden . 
  but in competitive scene , each player buys 4 + wards . 
  today in a match between samsung white and edward gaming , ssw bought 80 + wards . 
  edit * ssw placed 144 wards total , mata alone placed 84 of them . 
  thanks for clarfying / u/arktoid !, 
  joe `` do n't call me joe `` joe miller '' miller '' miller '' : a joke about lol caster , joe miller .
