  but , 1st point is the reason why i am supporting this thread . 
  this is more awful than i was imagining after reading your comment at megathread . 
  there are a huge amount of players in korea and this decision means half of them will be teamless . 
  also , sister teams were their best scrim partners . 
  the reason why ssb is so strong right is probably sso 's success at s3 . 
  ssb improved with them so they 're the best 2 teams right now . 
  same can be said with skt t1 s , they were quite strong when skt t1 k was the best team . 
  tl ; dr : half of players will be teamless and sister teams provides more improvation . 
   there is no way that the green vlad skin is better than the blood fucking lord, 
  ftfy, 
  i failed my diamond promo series for 6 times before i made it . 
  by that time , i 've been at every plat league mostly between plat1-3 but i 've been at plat 5 too . 
  right now , i 'm dia2 climbing to master league . 
  let 's do this !, 
  we spammed riot when he picked lucian instead of sion and next game he played lee sin then i turned off stream to go out . 
  and he played sion while i was out , huh ? 
  fuck you qtpie :'(, 
  i bought eg and gambit icons at s3 . 
  both of them are different teams now . 
  still using alliance 2014 or gambit s3 icons but feels weird . 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  this is the place where always someone bitches about something for no reason at all !, 
  downvoted . 
  learn to respect . 
  disliking does n't mean you should n't respect the efforts . 
  these are experimental changes but i do n't like the moving shrine/crab thing too . 
  i also do n't like getting buffs for smiting monsters . 
  it 's giving junglers too much power in my opinion , they already are the most effective role in the game and riot is making them more and more important . 
  i know these are experimental changes and riot knows what they do , i just do n't like these changes so far . 
  new items and their interactions with smite are really exciting though . 
  we ( me and my homemates ) were so hyped about quinn before she was released of course . 
  good days . 
  rip 6300ip anivia, 
  tristana =  tristina, 
  these are the most common typo i 've encountered so far . 
  this year 's champions and reworks are the most fun to play imo . 
  not sure if they 're the best champions but i 'm sure that their mechanics and kit are the best . 
  i 'm used to have the chat box at the bottom-middle of the screen . 
  it 's so annoying to move it every game . 
  and the reseting transparency really is the worst . 
  same in tr . 
  people are coming from euw and eune , same type of insults such as `` fcking kebaps '' . 
  edit : what bothers me the most is i was thinking that turkish insults are the worst before seeing death and cancer wishes to my family . 
  i think they did better than dp in the last game . 
  i think he would say . 
  he said `` i do n't like players better than me . '', 
  that 's why he did n't like piglet at s3 and s4 winter . 
  he does n't have any reason to hate piglet right now . 
  i would click everything but flash if i was him ... 
  i think diana is pretty strong right now as a solo laner . 
  she can duel with the likes of fizz , zed , talon . 
  she is also really strong against long range mages after 6 . 
  in teamfights , she can 1-shot the enemy adc or provide high damage & tankiness with nashor 's - zhonya-randuin build . 
  i did n't play diana top so far but i 've seen some people do it and the results were pretty good . 
  i will try your build for sure , it can work against rumble i think . 
  i usually pick her into talon or zed . 
  2xdoran 's - armguard - nashor 's - zhonya is my optimal build against them , i also run ap&as&a rmor rune page . 
  burst damage is pretty low but best for dueling people . 
  also since diana can stick to her target if you can hit 1 q , it 's pretty easy to kill people like jax does . 
  last time i said `` i think diana is strong against talon . '', 
  i got like -19 downvote . 
  shhhh . 
  flow with the circlejerk . 
  quite irrelevant but ... 
  i think it was really unfortunate to face ssw in quarters for tsm . 
  they were looking as strong as royal club or omg . 
  i really hope for a bota to see how much tsm is strong against eu teams !, 
  i just dc ` ed from game at 30min mark i think . 
  strange , because i was able to connect to youtube . 
  yo , rito , you made me lose a game . 
  no more scarra warding !, 
  thanks aranea !, 
  challenger icon is fine . 
  others except diamond icon can be fixed with a colored background . 
  but , i think diamond icon is bad . 
  i 'm not sure if they can fix with a basic background coloring since those diamond stone things are n't appealing for me at all . 
  i think i 'll be using alliance icon instead of diamond icon next season . 
  i did n't know this was a thing ... 
  i like this song but it does n't suit this video . 
  otherwise , good one !, 
  i was expecting a video like this since the condemn-wall changes . 
  i liked her old splash but this one is fucking amazing . 
  ahri splash art , best splash art . 
  i would n't mind to be charmed by her . 
  holy shit seems so beatiful and dangerous at the same time . 
  i want to apologize from amazing . 
  ever since his volibear game and his limited champion pool at the earlier stages of summer split , i thought that he was the weak link at tsm along with gleeb . 
  sometimes he did well but for me his bad performances were on the spotlight all the time . 
  it 's like , if you think that faker is the best mid laner , his above average play seems better than , let 's say , rookie 's better play . 
  being biased i mean . 
  i actually did n't point out my hate towards amazing at reddit as far as i can remember , but after reading this statement i felt like i have to apologize . 
  being homesick is something far away to me . 
  i lived far away from my home for 6 years since i was 14 and i got used to it a long time ago . 
  so , i did n't think it would be this hard . 
  and that we did here on reddit was adding the salt and pepper to that . 
  it seemed to me a dream like transfer to tsm / na . 
  play 1 split at eu with a weak team and next split get transfered to the biggest na team . 
  it seems so good to me , i could n't even think there would be any handicaps for a person . 
  i 'm really sorry right now for being inconsiderate . 
  ahh , i was hoping for 1920x1080 version of the new splash arts ... not dissappointed though , these are fucking awesome !,
