  farmville is fun ... 
  do i want to ult ? 
  i wonder if zynga 's gon na give me a discount ? 
   long :, 
  i hope he does n't get any closer , i can hit him from here . 
  taste the rainbow !, 
  q q q q q. 
  please do n't hit me with skillshots . 
  i still hope he does n't get close to me . 
   medium :, 
  i could hit him at long !, 
  why is he so close ? 
  dammit !, 
  my qs stop me to cast them !, 
  and e costs too much mana !, 
  oh shit he dashed through my wall !, 
  flash !, 
  flash !, 
  flash !, 
   short :, 
  someone make the bad man stop !, 
  this is no fair my q takes too long to fire he just dodges, 
  oh shit i burned flash already, 
  fucking jungler , does n't gank . 
  reported . 
  karthus actually trades really well against melee champions with dashes like zed , yasuo , talon , fizz . 
  he comes in , he deals their damage then you need to try to deal your damage and usually he will be low enough because of your q poke he ca n't all-in you . 
  when he comes to you just open your e and try to dodge their stuff and keep your distance with him . 
  it takes practice and sometimes it does n't work out especially if they 're 6 + . 
  but , yeah , saying karthus ca n't do shit in medium-short range is wrong . 
  you can always see when they killed the drake though by looking to drake counter on the scoreboard . 
   fizz flair, 
  no idea . 
  i do n't use mobile devices , sorry . 
  i lost it there . 
  lol are you lol sure we lol were watching lol the same game lololol, 
  can confirm, 
  you should add `` this chroma requires this skin '' or something like that . 
   was playing vayne, 
   cant really outtrade right, 
  of course you can trade with vayne . 
  what i 'm wondering is exactly which champion is weaker than vayne in trades except other hypercarries ? 
  targeted abilities are n't issues they 're the answers against mobile champs who became an issue over the time . 
  rumble ? 
  vladimir ? 
  i suggest richardium lewiosa, 
  leeg is srs bsns m8, 
  try to focus on enemy minions hitpoints , when one of them gets low enough to be killed try to zone enemy adc . 
  coordinate with your support and punish him everytime he gets aggressive or comes close enough to get cs if he is too passive . 
  this way either he will lose too much cs and farm under turret or he will try to trade with you and you will win with your lead . 
  your support alone can also zone them with some playmaker supports like thresh , annie or some support with shields like lulu , janna . 
  things to care about are :, 
  * enemy support 's position . 
  if he helps enemy adc while your support does n't help you , you will only lose your lead . 
  * this is an aggressive gameplay so your support needs to ward properly . 
  if you get ganked while trying to harass the enemy adc , you will lose your lead . 
  * your support 's position . 
  if he is zoning alone , you need to care about him so if enemy bot lane gets aggressive you can answer back . 
  with draven this can get hard because you need to stack your passive so you will be pushing if enemy adc gets too passive . 
  you can main graves or lucian instead if you like high burst lane bullies . 
  i think nami is one of the most balanced champs in this game along with lux . 
  get a na team flair so i can trashtalk dammit, 
  edit : is this the best you can do na fanboys downvoting me ? 
  what ? 
   it 's nice to know that there are turkish people who do n't blindly believe in the history the way it 's taught at schools . 
  cmon man ... 
  i know the turk stereotype in the internet does n't seem like an open-minded researcher type but some of us are . 
   the problem is that the current turkish government is denying what happened . 
  it 's more about the fact that current government wants to seem strong to turkish people so they do n't want to even talk about this matter . 
  confirming the genocide and apologizing to another country who has been hostile to the turks in the past is n't the definition of strong . 
  to me it feels like our ancestors who lived in the eastern anatolia were trying to protect their territory but then i do n't know why and how but they started to kill every armenian they found alive and this is the point when they past the border . 
  i know that my government should apologize but i expect the same behaviour from the armenian government . 
  think about it , if the united states goes into a war which they ca n't possibly win and the chinese people ( just a random example ) who lives in the united states starts a rebellion and starts to fighting with the local forces/civilians with the weapons they got from the prc , what would you do ? 
  natural behaviour is fighting back , protecting your lands and people and this act does n't involve any fault , unnatural behaviour is killing all of them and this act involves a big fault but this fault comes from another one and if they 're going to apologize so should the other side . 
  just my thoughts on this matter . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  i just do n't want to deny or accept the genocide blindly so i 'm trying to research from the both sides . 
  my point was they did something bad , we did even worse . 
  actually you portrayed the current turkish government so on point . 
  they usually portray anyone except them and their supporters as traitors and liars . 
  in the past there was a armenian terrorist group named asala killing turkish people so i get why the older governments did n't accept anything we did . 
  i do n't know much about asala though but you can find further info from here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_secret_army_for_the_liberation_of_armenia i believe our government shoud at least talk with armenian government in these matters now that terrorism ended . 
  same amirite !!? 
  i do n't know they did n't seem really different from `` rito pls buff elise '' or `` how dare you nerf my zed '' or '' [ insert nerfed champ here ] 's winrate dropped from % 52 to % 49 '' . 
  i did n't say mods were the reason . 
  i just stated they 're similar boring shitposts . 
   also , i was raised christian . 
  but i am a grown man now . 
  i do n't believe in any god , nor any other deity . 
  i do n't believe anything people just tell me . 
  i also was raised muslim but i do n't believe in any god for years . 
  and this actually helped me to become a more open-minded person i think . 
   the nmain argument of turks states that it was a war , sinceboth sides suffered . 
  my mother is a history teacher and her motto for this matter is `` if you kick a dog , the dog bites back . '', 
  to me , it started as a local war indeed , but in the end it was n't a war at all . 
  there are some quotes of enver pasha , a well known official of the ottoman empire 's government of that time , stating they killed many armenians while traveling them to syria . 
  not that they died of starving or something , he is stating that they killed them . 
  that 's not war , far from it . 
  today enver pasha is being portrayed as a traitor in our history lessons .
