  and who is able to get ahead by himself solely in competitive play ? 
  edit : marin won renek vs darius because amazingj was left with a pushing wave so marin was so much ahead in both exp and cs all game . 
  so he actually got help from his team . 
  in fiora vs darius he got a few ganks from bengi . 
  loulex also tried to help odoamne but marin + bengi  loulex + odoamne i did n't watch kt games but i 'm pretty sure he also got help from his team . 
  whole point is , there is no pure 1v1 in top lane anymore so no top laner is able to get ahead by `` himself solely '' . 
  it 's always about the team , sometimes it 's the jungler sometimes it 's the support sometimes both or sometimes it 's being left with a good/pushing wave . 
  not sure if tsm is overperforming or lgd is really so bad that they make tsm look like finals contender . 
  what the actual fuck is this game lmao, 
  so bronzy but so entertaining . 
  i love it . 
  i mean bjergsen just walked up and stunned acorn . 
  dude this does n't happen even in my dia3 league . 
  lgd tilted more than fucking pisa tower . 
  i bet bjergsen said `` fuck this i 'm just gon na pick tf and carry the shit out of this game . '', 
  going into p/b . 
  i feel like og actually won the p/b phase . 
  the game depends on soaz and xpeke though as always . 
  also we 're gon na see niels on another champ from kallista for the first time in worlds . 
  damn that sidestep was beatiful . 
  3-0 kog ` maw before 10mins is so scary . 
  lmao that xpeke bm, 
  because he did n't . 
  is it just me or sjokz look really beatiful today ? 
  they do n't allow , they removed the other post minutes ago . 
  nah , i mean she looks more beatiful than her normal . 
  aaaaand removed . 
  what the fuck honestly ? 
  only na teams were playing her previously but fnatic and origen both have success with tristana from eu . 
  they probably gon na bring her soon . 
  not sure about others . 
  that tp ... 
  kid finally shows up . 
  yeah , also i would n't be sad even if origen lost that game since kt played that game really good . 
   c9 only won a single game on the worlds stage during season 3 . 
  it hurts when you say it like this , you know . 
  you have my vote . 
  that slow-mo dunk looked so sexy . 
  we 're back boys, 
  now that 's a way to be a legend . 
  ummmm ... 
  i got every match wrong ... 
  this is gold . 
  i mean if `` no mom '' means `` motherless '' then how is that an insult ? 
  it 's also a common insult in turkey as with many other mother insults but i do n't get how `` motherless '' can be an insult ? 
  it 's just a normal adjective for me . 
  however insulting someone 's parents especially his mother is the quickest way to start a fight here . 
   shitting dick-nipples, 
  like it . 
  ah no i meant only today 's matches . 
  of course there are extremes in both sides but still . 
  i support every western team except tsm because i hate cocky teams . 
  first one got me lol, 
  o rly ? 
  msi was exciting final-wise honestly . 
  i was n't expecting edg to win that and it was a 5 game finals . 
  okay . 
  i will paint riot games logo with watercolour on my ass and publish it via instagram , facebook and twitter if this happens . 
  you mean / u/3hoho5 ? 
  [ ] ( #face - wink ), 
  it 's been so long since eu vs na died when na became a wildcard region . 
  jokes aside , yeah , i really enjoy the friendship between two rival regions at this worlds and i support teams from both regions fnatic , origen , clg and cloud 9 . 
  1.60 according to lol gamepedia . 
  and caster reactions !, 
  it 's the 5 ap/ad mastery dude . 
  1 of the 3 korean teams is favourite to win them all and the other 2 teams are considered tier 2 based on their results and this means they 're strong finals contender . 
  how is this underrating them ? 
  i mean , fuck troll accounts . 
  delusionaltsmfan was actually funny but it got spread like cancer after that now there are troll accounts every thread . 
  where all all flairs went ? 
  last year there were so many alliance flair here and now there are only a few elements flairs every thread . 
  they 're all fnc or og now . 
  og beat kt just by outplaying them whole game and koo lost a game to a team which lost a game to pain gaming . 
  but , yeah , whatever you say man . 
  i think fnc belongs to tier 3 at the moment . 
  they drafted poorly , huni played cocky and tilted afterwards , they made many shotcalling mistakes , they 're inconsistent . 
  they just have to shake their heads and do their thing but right now they 're tier 3 in my opinion . 
  it 's reddit . 
  there are hundreds of thousands people here . 
  there are kr haters , kr dick suckers and people who do n't give a fuck about kr . 
  do n't take anything you read as a general opinion , it 's only means that person thinks that way when he made that comment . 
  you ca n't make someone think something you want him to . 
  i mean only people who underrate kr teams are the people who did n't watch their games and only heard about them but when they see them underperforming they thought `` hey kr sucks '' . 
  this does n't mean reddit as a whole underrates kr teams . 
  how did you ... 
  febiven have my fucking babies holy shit, 
  ahq played really well , they got their jinx big and tahm kench protected her in every fight . 
  an also played awesome . 
  that 's not about jinx being op or something , it 's just ahq played really really well . 
  now i want ahq to stomp c9 in hai 's last game before he retires again . 
  yeah . 
  right . 
  umm ... yeah . 
  last year it seemed even worse for eu because we were so hyped for let down massively . 
  however with new european and imported talents seems like we managed to improve both skillwise and metawise . 
  i think the problem with na teams is n't that they 're bad players but their meta is bad that teams with better players win . 
  i mean in 1 week every team found a solution to clg 's strong parts but na teams could n't do this in an entire split . 
   im pretty sure turkey took down youtube twitter etc when a recording of their prime minister talking about getting rid of millions off illegally aquired dollars surfaced . 
  happened not only once but a few times . 
  youtube got blocked for more than 1 year once iirc .
