  it was a rip-off after all . 
  i still remember the `` tell me a skin and a color and i make a chroma for you '' threads . 
  voting with wallet works . 
  poor mirage blade :(, 
  get ready to advice rock bands to people now and then now that you said that you know these things . 
  i do n't think that they took the world by storm but alter bridge is a really fine band and i guess they would fit better than coldplay to the last huge rock/metal band . 
  yep . 
  it was all gone in a few weeks . 
  ah no lol . 
  she was/is a stray cat . 
  why did you ask ? 
  damn dude you sound creepy lol, 
  my favourite nidalee skin just got a lot better . 
  do n't you dare say a word about butcher urgot again !, 
  that skin and splash art were so ugly that they were awesome . 
  mfw i never get used to `` turkey '' as a bird name being a turk myself, 
  hindi . 
  it comes from hint which means indian in english . 
  just as you named the bird after us we named it after the indians as well . 
  i would n't be surprised if the indian name for turkey is something like indonesian or something lol, 
  maybe . 
  i do n't know actually . 
  but the turkey bird name comes from ottoman empire because europeans imported the bird from them and simply named it after them . 
  same with us and indians . 
  i have to agree with you that turkish people of turkey is n't a race but a mixture of all of anatolian residents over time . 
  one of them is turkic people came from asia and they are called turks . 
  so , yes , it is . 
  armenians , kurds , arabs and many more else . 
  that 's why embrace them and call ourselves turkish not turks because turk is an etnicity while turkish is more like in a british/american sense . 
   he was supposed to wisely serve . 
  i think it 's the opposite . 
  considering his speeches from 90s i think he was voted for anything else from wisely serving turkey . 
  yeah , well , of course it 's the most common to believe in god just like every other european country or some other country which ruled by a middle-east originated religious state . 
  but atheism gets stronger every day in country . 
  erdogan actually helps it by making islam miserable with his actions . 
  realistically we represent % 5-10 of turkey as atheists . 
  it 's different . 
  there is something called `` gusl abdesti ( turkish ) '' in islam . 
  you * have to * shower yourself completely and take some water to your mouth and spit it etc. 
  after you do any sexual activity including masturbation and sex of course . 
  having a shower after sex is nice but it 's an obligation for muslims . 
  to be fair , isis is arab even though they have members from other races as well . 
  difference is that not every arab is a member of isis . 
  same applies to kurds of course . 
  saying `` pkk ( partiya karker\u00ean * kurdistan\u00ea * ) is kurdish '' is n't racist , but saying `` kurds are pkk '' is racist . 
   directly ? 
  does it even matter ? 
  `` whoopsie we blasted a bomb to kill some officers but we could n't consider civilians in that street , tee-hee '', 
  okay teach me . 
  exactly . 
   racially , turks would be considered caucasian, 
  til and agreed until this part . 
  racially , turks are central asian more than anything . 
  culturally , not that much . 
  there are people supporting him , realistically speaking % 25-30 of turkey mostly the religious parts . 
  and there are people supporting them who gets benefits like money , tax-free business and all . 
  and they think that since he is right and just in whatever he does , anything can be done to keep him in power . 
  this includes rigged votes , insulting people , media manipulation and changing the country topic to something else when it comes to something about how shitty they are . 
  as i said , does it even matter ? 
  can you just erase the civil casualties because they were n't targeted directly ? 
  can you say that `` hey hitler only waged war against states , there were civilians victims too but they were n't targeted direclty so it 's okay . 
  i do n't know much about it , i had a friend from fethiye and he used to organize this stuff . 
  but i know that fethiye is the place in turkey if you want to dive . 
  they recently sinked an out-of-date airbus to make it a place to dive near fethiye . 
  i actually want to see it . 
  guess it applies to like every corrupted country . 
  i 'm sure it 's worse in turkey than it is in the us though . 
  not impossible . 
  harder but still quite possible in a solo q match . 
  [ bela lugosi 's dead ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yqmbq0f1i8 ), 
  i know it 's harder and i did play in s2 but it 's still entirely possible to carry 1v5 in solo q if you are fed enough . 
  there is an on-going joke between me and my friends `` bug\u00fcn de \u00f6lmedik \u00e7ok \u015f\u00fck\u00fcr ( thank god we did n't die today too ) '' . 
  i 'm not sure if i can advise you to visit turkey since we , ourselves , ca n't be sure if we gon na get hit by an attack or smth . 
  these comments are for istanbul and to an extent ankara . 
  you can visit aegean and mediterranean regions of turkey without any fear . 
  at least , for now . 
  but is it bigger than ozan tufan 's though ? 
  damn what a strike !, 
  i do n't know what you are talking about but he should 've save that . 
  hopefully . 
  omg lol !, 
  wow 3rd sub came so early . 
  needs just a baseball cap and it 's complete !, 
  oh please sub corluka already . 
  or semih ... 
  this time wasting is total bullshit . 
  i suppose you do n't count `` iki ayya\u015f ( two drunkheads ) '' as offensive in a % 90 + muslim country then . 
  it 's the homosexual jewish kemalists !, 
  that 's the first time i saw c\u00fcneyt \u00c7ak\u0131r this way . 
  he used to do some stares like that too but today was different . 
  and it was great . 
  still as a turk i 'd prefer hungary to beat austria as our half-brothers . 
  or maybe quarter-brothers . 
  distant brothers i mean . 
  damn right . 
  quaresma is filling up our naughty boy quota already we ca n't deal with them both . 
  guess * mischievous * would be a better way to put it . 
  it was invented by a turkish german in berlin . 
  german people were n't so interested in the kebab types we eat here so he made a new kind of fast food kebab . 
  we call it `` d\u00f6ner '' or `` d\u00f6ner kebab '' here in turkey .
