  i do n't think wickd is doing bad . 
  can someone translate a few thing to give us a little opinion besides screenshots ? 
  google translate is hurting my brain . 
  thooring riding froggen 's dick or reddit riding asian dick , i 'm not sure . 
  you made me remember lily route from katawa shoujo ... 
  i did n't sign up for these feels ... 
  this happens so often . 
  diamondprox starts to play evelynn with tanky-ad build and it becomes meta . 
  gorilla starts to play janna support and it becomes somewhat meta as we see pro players started to play her in solo q. genja starts to play triforce kog ` maw and it becomes meta . 
  he even did it fucking 1 year ago !, 
  remember the days when reddit was cirlejerking about `` dae janna sucks , no kill potential no pick potential no engage potential no poke wtf so bad '', 
  i do n't know why but i love this kind of things . 
  a champion who is considered as weak becomes meta suddenly . 
  like zilean , talon etc. 
  morgana also offers strong peel , but people shifted away from her . 
  it 's also about thresh 's fall with the nerfs but that 5 seconds ragnarok shield is still op especially against dudes like lee sin , shen , vi etc. 
  janna was a strong pick but people did n't use her because her pick potential is so low . 
  but , she can make that up with her peel and disengage . 
  i mean , she is n't a all-in-one pick like braum/morgana but arguably best peel-disengage pick . 
  also she does n't have poke but with that shield , ult and tornado she offers maybe the safest laning phase a support is able to offer . 
  maybe right maybe wrong but i see the recent janna trend wih pro players this way . 
  oh , yeah , how did i forget this ... 
  it 's been quite long since i did n't see annie support but when she was the fotm ... oh , the nightmare ... 
  main some champs who does n't specialize in some meta . 
  for example ; irelia top , orianna mid , amumu jungle , janna support etc. 
  i mostly play mid but mid is , i think , the most popular role so i had to learn other roles too . 
  that 's my solution and i have good results . 
  before ahri was a meta pick , i was playing her with spell vamp build and it was really good in my opinion . 
  i carried many games , it was so strong against kassadin who was the permaban/pick champ at that time . 
  i played ahri a few months this way and then she became fotm . 
  when i tried to build her that way , i got flamed and ultimately we lost that game . 
  i never played her again until she got nerfed . 
  so , yeah , only if you do n't play that champ which becomes a meta pick suddenly , it 's a good thing lol . 
  froggen please do n't say things like that ever again ... 
  i ca n't take a big fail like not making out of groups because of what you said ... 
  go alliance !, 
  you mean / r/circloljerk ? 
  edit : welp . 
  questions are n't enough . 
  for example , i just voted for diana and most of my votes were 2-3 because you asked what she is n't capable of . 
  wave clear ? 
  good but she is bad at siege so i voted 2 . 
  ability to sustain ? 
  there is no such thing , buying doran 's does n't count i think . 
  crowd control ? 
  only 1 spell , but that only spell is very effective and easy to use so i voted 3 . 
  ability to burst ? 
  diana 's base damages and ap ratios are quite bad so she is better as a ap fighter , hence you are sacrificing your burst power , so i voted 3 . 
  i voted 4 because her natural stats make her a tank with a decent ap with some armor-mr build . 
  she also has a shield . 
  ability to carry a game ? 
  got ahead ? 
  build ap and get bursted or build tanky-ap but this time you wo n't have the damage to carry that game . 
  what diana excels is fighting with other assasins , laning phase after-6 , roaming , sticking like a glue to her target , being versatile with builds ( like dfg-burst/nashor 's - fighter/zhonya-abyssal-rylai defensive ) or role ( mid/jungler/top ) etc. 
  i like the idea but i think it 's so hard/impossible to categorize all of champions in 6 categories . 
  i also want to have changing skins when i die . 
  i start the game with midnight ahri , when i die it should become firefox ahri . 
  multiple skins should worth , right ? 
  after seeing q missed , i expected that ult but did n't expect mystic shot . 
  well done , sir !, 
  that meteos swag though ... 
  jayce was there months before riven ... 
  i 'm not sure if jayce was the fotm but some pro players used him at mid role . 
  i 'm also sorry c9 ... go lmq !, 
  removing silence will make talon weaker , that 's for sure . 
  but , i do n't think he needs a beastly early game . 
  i also think the problem with talon is n't his silence . 
  it 's that , if he is ahead he can activate ult from distance and jump to squishy targets to burst them down without any counterplay . 
  but , fizz can also do this . 
  use e to squishies then dfg-w-q will kill them . 
  zed can also do this . 
  use w then ult and burst . 
  even if he misses q , his target will probably die . 
  akali is n't like this . 
  she will try to ult squshies first to burst them , but this gives upper hand to her targets like if she targets varus , he can just ult . 
  ahri is also not like this , she has to hit charm to burst a target . 
  i do n't know , removing the silence from talon seems unfair to me considering other instakill assassins aka zed & fizz . 
  edit : removing silence will change his laning play style completely . 
  most likely , a talon will have to harass his opponent before go all-in . 
  right now , he can just jump to his target , aa-q-w-ult-ignite and kill him if he is a immobile mage like vel ` koz , brand , twisted fate etc. 
  having a condition before killing your target is good , i do n't think this nerf will make talon unviable . 
  lore, 
  lore, 
   edit * woah i seriously thought that at least this time id be upvoted for providing you an insight about chinese scene perspective . 
  i guess the hate is stronger than your fingers , cant even read the comment or think about it before downvoting . 
  feel bad for you guys , rather keep being dumb and ignorant . 
  that 's how reddit works . 
  fanboys who ca n't accept realities or understand other ideas , downvote . 
  last time i said `` i think tsm wo n't make it out of groups '' i got downvoted as well , not surprising . 
  no one said `` disable them for 1 week '' or something , everyone should be able to play new champs when they released . 
  but , not in ranked . 
  that 's why i answered you . 
  disabling for 1 week is improvement as people will learn how to play that new champ in normal games , not in ranked . 
  i think so . 
  even if they can win more than 2 matches , this can affect the whole championship . 
  they 're gifted players and played together for such a long time but this is their first time in a big stage . 
  as you can said , if they can perform good , they can get some surprising results . 
  so , they 're some gifted players and no one knows much about them . 
  reminds me tpa at s2 ... 
  but , they do n't have their starting support player , so i think that they can win a few games , i ca n't be sure tho ...
