  believe it or not same goes to wickd . 
  janna 's w nerf did n't go live , right ? 
  that was a good nerf without cutting her protective abilies . 
  and that makes him op . 
  mundo was op at early s4 because of new masteries . 
  that fucking ult m8 . 
  nightmare of enemy assassins/divers/bruisers / every fucking melee champs . 
  nerf the fuck out of ww rito !, 
  you are comparing them wrong . 
  xaxus ' maokai and alistar was awesome , better than every other eu top laner and maybe na . 
  wickd 's alistar/lulu was on par with dyrus in my opinion . 
  his rumble is a lot worse from what i can see on his stream , i ca n't remember a game where he played rumble now . 
  wickd 's shyvana was better than soaz , seraph , zion . 
  on par with or maybe worse than dyrus , balls , mimer . 
  his gragas was average , worse than many other top laners but he was better than for example freddy . 
  what i tried to mean was every top laner can play champ bad , that does n't mean he is bad . 
  also , please do n't tell me how a cirlejerk got made up . 
  amazing was one of the most hated players , but right after he left he became a saint . 
  same with dexter . 
  a few bad games make a player shit here , so there is no point in defending a circlejerk with `` but da circlejerk bro '' . 
  i did n't play janna since the new patch so i was n't sure . 
  this was reported at bug megathread , a rioter said they will look into this . 
  i only know hussars from cossacks game . 
  agreed . 
  poland , ukraine and ottoman empire were so op at cossacks if you mean that game . 
  different countries used different type of demoralizing methods . 
  i think ottoman empire 's janissary and frontliners who wear shrouds or polish hussars are the most famous ones . 
  wait , what ? 
  i heard that for the first time . 
  holy shit . 
  yep . 
  i think riot is also aware of that and did n't want to nerf her protective abilities . 
  you mean paint , the mighty friend of funny photo montages . 
  hotshot the toilet destroyer !, 
  i feel like fooled ... time to downvote op !, 
  it 's only different in late game . 
  jungle item + brutalizer j4 can actually 1-shot ad carries and squishy mages in early game . 
  somehow that reminds me of release vi mids . 
  shit was so op , she could 1-shot at lvl4 most of ap mages . 
  i was in love with it but since she got nerfed it 's not the same anymore . 
  gon na try this , ready to feed . 
  urgot comes out of nowhere at champ select , teleports one of your carries , destroys not only your health bar but also your hope and then uses e to tako some other objective . 
  all while being almost unkillable , nearly unkitable and completely unchasable thanks to his shield . 
  today , every upper turret was something like minimap and flash icon , i 'm not sure . 
  it was so bright and flashing when it shoots , it hurted my eyes . 
  the last one ... 
  so basicly - aromdm, 
  that rekkles face tho . 
  `` i do n't give a fucking shit if i win or lose because this is a smurf account '' = / = `` i will lose this game '', 
  lee support is as viable as vel ` koz support so there is no bad point here . 
  in my opinion , retarded pick is brand top which he played a few times iirc . 
  but even with that `` retarded pick '' he did his job pretty well . 
  qt never gives a few fucks about the game ( remember nb3 report incident ) so i believe he tryharded as much as his main acc , i did n't watch the game but we all know what kind of a person qt is . 
  difference is , when he lose with his main account he gets a bit upset but it seems that 's not the case with his smurf . 
  and believe it or not that 's the point of most of smurf accounts with the exception of boxbox and wildturtle lol . 
  i really do n't see any reason to hate him here . 
  he picked lee support , played lee support , farming means he tried to win , bad score does n't really mean anything to me especially in a losing game . 
  1-2 years ago you could see the health bars above of the anivia wall for an instant . 
  it 's like people are ready to hate qtpie . 
  riot , at it 's finest !, 
  viable ? 
  since when ? 
  i 'm actually more upset about atma 's impaler . 
  i liked that item on mundo . 
  i belive this guy . 
  or maybe i want to believe . 
  that team looks so fucking good except the communication issues which is n't a certain factor anymore since royal club actually made it to the finals . 
  of course it 's important , but i mean royal club showed that a team can communicate through most basics and smart pings . 
  i do n't think that tp cancels are because of communication problems since i 'm % 100 sure they trained dives with tps . 
  i ca n't remember the game though . 
  he could say `` tp ready bot to dive '' or something like this with basic english or maybe chinese . 
  but , if it 's a quick decision made by insec which is very likely in this situation , you can be right . 
  maybe he was n't expecting dandy to be there so he just communicated through pings with bot lane and then when he noticed dandy is there too it might be too late as you mentioned to communicate even with basics . 
  what an original idea dude !, 
  i 've never seen this before especially in reddit !, 
  * controlling the lane with minions . 
  push so hard = get ganked every minute . 
  do n't push at all = hug your turret and become a free target to be harassed . 
  i think this is n't a must-have at plat - divisions because there are n't many people who can do this and if you can learn this you can easily climb i think . 
  i started doing this on purpose in late s3 when i was gold 1 but it was too late because of my stabilized mmr . 
  in early-s4 i climbed to diamond easily and now i 'm master division . 
  i think this is the main reason of how i climbed easily . 
  * going ad marks with ranged supports especially with janna . 
  helps you with harassing . 
  i was n't really into janna but when in this spring i accidentally started with ad/ls runes and i discovered how it 's powerful . 
  you can basically shield yourself at lvl1-4 and outdamage the enemy adc . 
  your auto attacks will hurt more than enemy adc , if you can position yourself to stay away from enemy support , you can be a big problem in the ass . 
  i think that 's not really uncommon right now since many korean supports run ad marks on janna but i just wanted to share if there are some people who are n't aware . 
  * using targon stacks to heal adc . 
  i simply wait for a trade and use the stacks later . 
  targon 's heal pretty good in early game like 50-70hp for each . 
  you can turn the tides of lane with this simple trick . 
  * attacking the tanks with adc . 
  i was a horrible adc at s3 . 
  i was usually diving to hit more squishy targets than hitting tanks who can soak up my damage . 
  i was wrong of course . 
  just hit whichever the target is closest to you . 
  if you feel like you can absorb the damage of the tank than chase squishy targets . 
  but if you are dealing with a tank who can deal high damages like vi , no matter what you do , do n't ignore them . 
  that made me a average adc .
