  as boots i tried sorcerer 's and mercury treads . 
  both of them are okay i think , last 2 items are situational . 
  lich bane / deathcap / iceborn / spirit visage / banshee 's veil / randuin 's / ga / liandry 's / void staff are all seems okay to me , but i did n't try them all . 
  you better not build as ad/tank nidalee , ap/tank build seems so much better at the moment . 
  i 'm happy to hear they consider to nerf jax . 
  he is a top tier pick since last summer and in solo q he is quite powerful as he is oftenly enough getting banned as a top laner . 
  i do n't think others will receive hard nerfs , maybe exception of yasuo . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  it should be easy to buff an item along with some mana adjustments for mana hungry junglers named maokai , amumu , sejuani etc. 
  they do n't want to make all junglers viable , one rioter said `` if a champion is strong in a meta which is n't viable for him , then that means he is overpowered . '', 
  or something which means they want some junglers to be fotm all the time . 
  what if ... but what if ... they get negative points next game o_o, 
  oh well , there is a serious competitor , dexter . 
  but i do think these 2 definitely are better than other western junglers at the moment . 
  he is better than most supports for gank pre-6 with his stun and slow/zoning . 
  he has a quite high damage for a support . 
  infinite sustain and tankiness , you only have to spend mana for his q so you can poke as much as you want usually . 
  he can protect his lane partner like leona or maybe better than leona . 
  believe me , gragas is quite annoying for opponent bot lane . 
  maybe i 'm exaggerating a little but you need to give it a try to see how well it is working . 
  i swapped vasilii for kerp . 
  fantasy lcs is cruel . 
  crowd was way more entertaining than the actual game . 
  yep , they won against a solo q team but they played like shit . 
  props to riot , wp sir . 
  if they want this game to be a `` real '' sport , then they need to get their shit together . 
  in spring split , they forced gambit to play a rematch against sk gaming , well they played poorly and lost but they played a rematch of the match they won because referees sucked hard . 
  and now , look what happened . 
  i actually did n't give many fucks about what happened at spring split but this one is different . 
  they could 've cancel fnatic vs gambit match at wembley and instead they would play it at cologne like usual , but they did n't cancel and said `` sorry '' . 
  so gambit lost a match for free and probably they will lose tomorrow too . 
  that 's not how i would describe a `` real '' sport . 
  maybe this is just a game for us but to pro players it 's a job which they do properly as rioters should 've done . 
  and if they lose their chance to go worlds or they get to relegations because of these 1 or 2 losses then saying `` sorry . '', 
  would n't be enough . 
  edit : holy shit , i 'm saltier than i expect . 
  i actually hope for gambit to miss their chance to go worlds or get to relegations because of these losses . 
  then i would love to see how riot acts , giving zero fucks . 
  na casters mentioned bugs a few times . 
  i remember phreak talking about the well known lee sin q teleportation bug . 
  it 's not about riot is forcing them i think . 
  but i do n't know what else is it about . 
  if i remember correctly , this bug was n't only about stand united but all teleport mechanisms in the game . 
  just before they teleport , there is a split second when you can use some spells like shadow dash or something to break teleporting . 
  welp i do n't remember properly but it was something like this . 
  i guess that 's why it did n't get fixed yet , not a ordinary ability bug but a global bug like lee sin q or irelia q teleportation . 
  god bless, 
  i 'm an anime watcher for like 2 years and did n't give this one a chance until last week . 
  i 'm dumb . 
  so i was just started to play graves again and it became quite useless . 
  i tried rushing ie but it 's not really effective on graves . 
  fuck this im gon na play tristana and caitlyn all day long . 
  i voted for dexter but i still am not sure about dexter  shook . 
  they 're both performing so well this split . 
  zionspartan, 
  tabzz, 
  after looked to results i guess one could say `` support is so easy dude . '', 
  yagami light . 
  best, 
  fate/zero : lisa - oath sign, 
  also , tamura yukari - endless story ( cube x cursed x curious op ) is really good . 
  worst, 
  samurai champloo , i ca n't remember it 's name . 
  i know , many love this one but i just do n't like . 
  edit : you did n't mention endings but since you are a sucker for good soundtracks bakemonogatari ed : supercell - kimi no shiranai monogatari is the best ending ever . 
  if you like it , you can also like all of supercell 's `` today is a beatiful day '' album . 
  hmm bloodthirster is getting buffed ... riven , anyone ? 
  today , i was going mid and clicking on random champs , i clicked lux on lastly . 
  then i wanted to change ignite to barrier but client stopped working right there . 
  so , i got stucked with last game 's runes and masteries which are ap with some armor and 21-9-0 for vlad . 
  then somehow game started but i was n't lux , i was mordekaiser . 
  and somehow runes and masteries were good for me since my opponent in lane was talon . 
  he picked after i picked mordekaiser ( lux ? ) . 
  then i won my lane and eventually we won the game . 
  thanks rito . 
  edit : uh , that freeze was different tho . 
  client got blackened and i was n't able to click to anything or write anything . 
  i did n't want to leave so i just waited and game started , but i could n't see what happened after i picked lux ( mordekaiser ? ) . 
  i mean client did n't crash but it was some weird freeze . 
  just like aw kayle , battlecast prime cho ` gath makes easier to last hit . 
  when i play with that skin , i 'm able to last hit much more easier than classic one . 
  blackfrost anivia makes it harder . 
  or i felt like that . 
  that 's why i ( and many people i guess ) do n't use it anymore . 
  edit : oh forgot to mention , i also do n't like the aa animation of steel legion lux . 
  i feel like normal animation is really smooth and steel legion is making it a bit delayed aa just like blackfrost anivia . 
  actually because i like watching zionspartan than other top laners . 
  and he is performing really well too , remember his trundle and especially jax games . 
  in spring split , yes balls was the best top laner in west . 
  but , at the moment c9 is slumping and balls does n't seem really good like zion did in the past with coast . 
  i know , their playstyles are different but i guess i like carry top laners more . 
  actually , i think wickd is better than balls now . 
  holy shit this looks amazing !, 
  i wanted a double-elimination , but hey group system is anyways better than last year 's . 
  a stadium with 66k capacity , huh ? 
  they better use sound proof booths lol, 
  just like sao . 
  no matter what you say about it , both openings were awesome . 
  i watched naruto , can confirm as well inaba is the best girl . 
  what the actual fuck ?
