  there is one indirect mention of the genocide in this line : someones mouth said paint them all red, 
   the rebellions happened after the killings started . 
  seriously what ? 
  and may i ask that what motive ottomans had to destroy armenians ? 
  like what triggered them ? 
  anyways , here 's some very very basic information :, 
  russia is in trouble  british attacks ottomans through gallipoli to finish them and send russia their help  somehow ottomans win gallipoli  russia gives weapon to armenians who happened to have desires to break away from weak ottomans to corner ottomans  armenians rebel  ottomans win  ottomans go one step further and massacre the armenians to ensure they wo n't be able to rebel again, 
  same tactic was used by the british in arabia . 
  british give weapons to arabs  they rebel against ottomans  ottomans lose  king of arabia flees to current jorban and a new arabia ( saudi arabia ) is born, 
  i ca n't blame the armenians even without abdulhamid 's massacres . 
  they wanted to form their own country and that 's only natural for a nation to do so . 
  it 's ottomans who did n't like that idea and supressed the rebellion which is also natural for a multiracial state . 
  i mean let 's say native americans , who are a part of a multiracial state , rebel today and start to take over villages by killing the officers , supressing the villagers etc. 
  what would you expect the united states government to do ? 
  native americans were there before the europeans but i do n't think that the united states would peacefully let them be . 
  i 'm not defending the ottoman actions against armenians , do n't get me wrong . 
  armenians deserve their apology . 
  i 'm explaning the reasoning behind them and why it should n't be classified as a genocide . 
   you 're getting downvotes here, 
  that 's expected . 
  and you got some fair points . 
  especially the last paragraph . 
  as i said , my only problem with armenian genocide is that the term `` genocide '' . 
  i always felt like `` massacre '' would be better term since it was armenians who started the whole thing and ultimately lost to a bigger power . 
  i always thought genocide was something done to a people who did nothing wrong in return . 
  seems like i was wrong on the term itself and it 's a genocide . 
  i mean do n't you realize that wikipedia article is massively one sided and does n't provide any explanations to the holes in the context ? 
  battle or sar\u0131kamesh for example more than half of the army dies even before the battle with russia begins , i 'm obliged to side with enver pasha here . 
  article states that `` enver pasha blames '' like it was proved wrong but in fact it actually the only reasonable explanation here in this context . 
  even enver pasha is n't fool enough to lose half of the army to nothing so armenians must have did something as you can see . 
  the quote you mentioned by cevdat pasha belongs to the later events . 
  so , yes , after armenians sided with russians which is a rebellion in it 's own rights cevdat pasha claims that they rebelled . 
  is n't it natural to call something as what it 's called ? 
  i 've got no explanations for the later quote . 
  his own opinion , i 'm in no position to dispute , i respect that . 
  but if we gon na go with the quotes , here 's a few more :, 
   the armenians have been , since the beginning of the war , de facto belligerents , as you yourself have acknowledged , since they have fought alongside the allies on all fronts , enduring heavy sacrifices and great suffering for the sake of their unshakable attachment to the cause of the entente ... 
   we have fought for it . 
  we have poured out our blood for it without stint . 
  our people played a gallant part in the armies that won the victory . 
   in the caucasus , without mentioning the 150,000 armenians in the russian armies , about 50,000 armenian volunteers under andranik , nazarbekoff and others , not only fought for four years for the entente , but after the breakdown of russia , they were the only forces in the caucasus to resist the advance of the ottoman empire , whom they held in check until the armistice was signed . 
  by nubar pasha ( boghos nubar ) from `` merchants in exile : the armenians of manchester , england , 1835-1935 '' . 
  i 'm done . 
  i feel like sometimes it does n't do any damage but sometimes it deletes the enemy immediately . 
  you know that they know that you know that they know that you know where they will be , but they dont know how you know that they know that you dont know where they will really be , so throw where you know they wont be because they will be there because they know you wont be there . 
  my brain hurts . 
  spotify when ? 
  edit : it 's out !, 
  it 's believed to be caused by an islamic/demonic/spritual thing called `` karabasan '' in turkish . 
  * kara * means `` black '' , * basan * means `` something that pressures '' . 
  it 's actually a turkic cultural thing but lately people associate it with islam . 
  it never happened to me but some friends of mine experienced it . 
  i 'm kinda afraid of what they told , it 's not a pleasant experience for sure . 
  show us those * tons of photos , videos , written witness statements and journalist reportings * . 
  and pre-rework gragas with his instaclear barrel . 
  i could n't watch the game 1 but it 's safe to say that most of the korean teams try to punish enemy mistakes so they usually do n't force things to happen . 
  skt especially does this close to perfection , their mid-late is too strong while they usually try to farm and pressure the enemy in the early game without taking risks . 
  this causes a bit boring early games . 
  but their semi-finals were a joy to watch because their opponent was the exact opposite of them , they trived with their early game and took huge risks . 
  maybe he could play for the 2nd best team and make it for the semi finals ? 
  no fucking way lol . 
  if h2k did n't beat edg twice they would end up as the 2nd seed and they were going to play against rox . 
  edg was the first seed chinese team and h2k beat them , meanwhile another western team namely tsm which was the best western team according to redditors lost to rng twice . 
  and 2 western teams clg and g2 finished below anx . 
  a wildcard team . 
  you ca n't just claim that getting anx helped them to reach the semi finals after that same anx beat 2 western teams in a group . 
   they got past g2 & clg because both team did n't do their homework, 
  anx also did n't their homework . 
  they could n't even get any scrims lol this just proves they were the better team than clg and g2 . 
  anyways , i get it dude . 
  the stars aligned , the miracles happened and h2k got to the semis . 
  yeah . 
  just started to listen , i 'm so hyped !, 
  edit : so good !, 
  all tracks are very different from each other yet they are also very similar in a sense . 
  edit2 : after a 2nd listening i think my favourite is hear , smith of heavens . 
  awesome song . 
  [ and it 's brand new !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svzmv4bwg4y ), 
  napoli is pressuring since the start of the 2nd half . 
  it 's the time to prove himself !, 
  damn what a shot !, 
  3rd 1-1 draw in 4 games heh . 
  i like it when my days are 24 hours long !, 
  it just feels so natural . 
  i know dude but i still wanted to be a prick , sorry . 
  it was n't possible to build the stadium without vodafone 's money so we 're okay . 
  also it 's not permanent , but i do n't know how long will the deal last . 
  the original is the manga so ... 
  original one was 10/10 for , lok was 8/10 . 
  it was damn good but it was n't as good as the original . 
  if so , do something . 
  do n't let them go `` beyond what is permissible '' or it will be too late . 
  shut up you fucking support, 
  maybe , i mean , just * maybe * , turkish government arrested kurdish party members for supporting these terrorist acts ? 
  so * maybe * it 's not that terrorism acts happened because of arrestions but it 's the opposite . 
  sometimes i feel like people act like unreasonable retards on purpose . 
  funny thing is , you are so used to that bug you are now defending it . 
  reminds me of the riven q before they made that bug a feature . 
  it 's a bug .
