  you can also add vladimir to there . 
  bandage toss - rocket grab, 
  i would love to see the glitches . 
  boku no pico, 
  [ angel beats !, 
  - my song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl2vlulpytq ), 
  he was playing like 8-10 hours a day for 5 years . 
  that 's a lot . 
  some people ca n't handle this . 
  did you have to use this gif ... 
  right in the feels man ... 
  of course he does . 
  all of the people who followed s1 worlds , who does n't ? 
  actually , azir used w so close to the wall . 
  when he used e there was n't enough place between the soldier and the wall . 
  so , somehow he returned back to other place . 
  that 's pretty weird because usually if there is n't enough place , you teleport to the nearest available location . 
  but , that 's not the case here . 
  i think , it 's about azir 's e skill reposition . 
  it places you a bit behind of the soldier and since there was n't enough place it acted like flash in this video . 
  morgana vs leblanc, 
  push in every way possible and watch her suffer under turret . 
  doubling her cs is n't a joke . 
  we do n't, 
  calculated . 
  and brand . 
  last map was like rrtyui vs south korea . 
  inb4 this subreddit explodes . 
  no , just use whatever is suitable for you . 
  i 'm also using 2400dpi because i 'm so used to it . 
  tried to increase it for a while but did n't work for me . 
  also about the screen resolution , just use whatever is the best for you . 
  some people are using 1366x768 while others are using 1024x768 or 1920x1080 . 
  i 'm still using 1920x1080 for whatever reason i do n't know . 
  well , i 'm still a newbie just like you . 
  i started playing 2 years ago with taiko mode and like 2 months ago i started to play classic mode too . 
  i 'm able to barely beat 5-6 star maps . 
  if you would like to add me in game , my in-game ign is same with my reddit username and i will most likely be online in 15-16 hours . 
  and league, 
  i also play gw2 sometimes . 
  try to fc / ss easier maps with hr/dt . 
  i think every programmer teacher does that , i got programming 2 times and they both started with `` hello world ! '', 
  they were n't at the bottom but they were n't good either . 
  i think they would get out of challenger scene , not easily but they were at least capable of that in spring split . 
  yeah , but after even week curse they had some good weeks and finished 4th iirc . 
  they were n't at the bottom except the first week . 
  0 kills in 25mins . 
  23 kills in 8mins . 
  welcome to the alliance games !, 
  yeah , considering how they played in especially early spring split , it would be hard for them . 
  yeah , he never ganks . 
  oh my god ... 
  and team with soraka always lost . 
  why do you pick xerath into j4 twice ... 
  it 's like if you do n't have flash , you are pretty much dead which happened many times in game 1 yet he picked xerath again in game 3 . 
  so weird . 
  doublelipituuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  why am i not surprised with this post at all ... 
  his xerath on the other hand ... 
  it was good indeed . 
  like :, 
  * that aram game is the best thing to ever happen in e-sports history, 
  * these burns are the best burns ever in the history of mankind, 
  * omg im so happy to see s1 pros again props to esl, 
  his lissandra game was good . 
  and i became so surprised when i saw he picked xerath into j4 again in game 3 . 
  seems pretty weird , it seemed like he did n't practice anything besides xerath and lissandra so he had to stick with them . 
  i ca n't find any other reason for that pick in game 3 . 
  i was hyped to see an ahri pick actually in game 3 . 
  it 's not like they played bad but their pick/ban phase , team comp and overall game strategy was pretty bad . 
  i mean, 
  * xerath-soraka did n't work in game 1 yet they picked them again in game 3 . 
  * in game 1 , they played like they seemed like they had no idea what to do except getting some turrets and teamfighting . 
  * in game 2 , only reason they won despite that horrible bot lane action is their team comp was superior in teamfights . 
  they need some practice it seems . 
  and a full time coach . 
  alliance 's teamfights was better but c9 seemed better overall as a team . 
  my fucking brain . 
  there is no reason to be salty if a team proves that they really deserve to win . 
  but still , eu  na swiftrage, 
  or both, 
  fuck spoilers that 's why . 
  if you are browing this subreddit after a pro match then expect to see posts like that . 
  if you do n't want a spoiler then watch the match first . 
  c9 was prepared for ww pick . 
  i think that 's why . 
  shook 's elise game was n't really bad except that % 55cdr build . 
  when alliance lost to kabum , that post had like 4000 + comments in a few hours . 
  so it was pretty clear that an upset happened . 
  same with tsm vs uol . 
  you ca n't avoid spoilers if you are careful enough . 
  so , if someone does n't want to get spoilers he should n't browse this reddit at all . 
  i simply made a similar point to yours , so i replied to you . 
  [ reference ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/001/593/peopledie.jpg ), 
  try to put a distance between you and monitor . 
  and try to change your skin to a darker one . 
  i had the similar things while i was playing taiko mode with classic skin . 
  then i changed my skin and now i ca n't play taiko with classic skin at all . 
  it 's like my eyes do n't accept that bright colors . 
  anime series also has some yuri & yaoi elements but even that is a part of the fiction .
