  numbers . 
  money , army size , nuclear power . 
  turkey does n't own any nuclear bomb but they have 100 ~ nuclear bombs at incirlik air base nearly half of them are to use for themselves if a nuclear war happens . 
  regional strategic power is also important for example turkey can just shutdown black sea if russia cuts down gas . 
  other than that there are allies to consider . 
  but you ca n't compare military powers % 100 accurately because it 's war after all . 
  the thing is air zone violation already happened a few times before this incident and turkish military warned russia afaik . 
  and this time the said jet did n't have russian flag on it , did n't respond to the calls made by turkish side . 
  still turkish side probably overreacted since they probably knew russia was operating in that area ... 
  but they had the right to do this and when i think about how the event happened i really ca n't blame them . 
  russia should 've ask for permission . 
  edit : actually i think that was a really smart move by putin . 
  they tried to reduce turkey 's international credit to eliminate them in syria situation and shape syria the way they want . 
  of course this is only a theory of mine and i do n't have any source but when i think this way it makes sense . 
  they violated turkish air zone before and got warned , they did n't ask for air zone permission , the jet did n't have russian flag on it , they were acting like heroes in the international media for example putin 's speech at g20 summit and recent russian attacks on isis , they support bashar assad and nato does n't , turkey is the biggest nato force in that area , putin immediately spoke after the incident and blamed turkey for isis and many other things , turkey could n't even respond mainly because of russian gas and winter . 
  the timing and the incident itself seems too perfect for russia or i 'm just being paranoiac , i do n't know . 
  when i was a kid we learned about turkish independence war and as a kid i started to hate greeks . 
  it was so confusing for me because i really liked that tv series and i started to feel like guilty . 
  then as i watch the series i realized greeks and turks are actually really similar but the politics differed us . 
  actually one of my roommates right now is a greek as his family decided to stay in izmir ( smyrna ? ), 
  after the independence war . 
  there are still greek haters in turkey , most of the turk nationalists , well they hate every other nation except turks so they do n't count . 
  turks in cyprus also hate greeks . 
  it 's a different story . 
  correct , there are 90 nuclear bombs in incirlik air base and 40 of them for turkey to use if a nuclear war happens . 
  do n't get me wrong but the shopkeepers in the grand bazaar would do * anything * to lure you in ... 
  surprising thing to me is the greek speaking shopkeepers , i 've never heard any of them speaking greek but then again i 'm not greek so it 's normal :d, 
  beatiful . 
  so ... erdogan was pretty friendly with assad before 2009 . 
  then arab spring happened then western countries and turkey asked assad to be more democratic , assad responded with beheading some rebels . 
  then turkey became the enemy of assad ( probably it 's because of gaining more votes for erdogan since assad killed sunni muslims and turkey is a sunni muslim populated country and of course to gain more power ) and started to support anti-assad organizations unofficially including fsa and isis . 
  another thing turkey got with supporting fsa and isis was that both terrorist organizations were demanding areas from kurdistan which is the country pkk ( kurdish workers ' party-a terrorist organization recognized by nato and many other countries ) wants to form . 
  so pkk and isis&fsa started to fight . 
  nato did n't actually care about turkey supporting isis and fsa because they also wanted assad to fall . 
  they probably thought after the fall of assad , isis and others can be handled easily which is the goal of erdogan . 
  everything was going fine for them , there were some conflicts with assad and syrian troops , turkey was looking for more reasons to engage on syria , nato was supporting them , syrians started to leave their country , pkk got less powerful and they finally started to attack on turkey again because they wanted them to stop helping fsa or turkmens . 
  then russia happened . 
  russia wants assad to be strong because if assad falls united states-turkey-israel will gain more power in the middle-east . 
  russia was n't strong enough to truly compete for afghanistan or iraq oils but this time they realized this is maybe the last chance of preventing nato from having complete power over middle-east . 
  so they came to syria with the purpose of killing isis terrorists because apparently everyone and their mothers hate them but they also killed fsa and supported pkk to make them stop the turkish support to fsa . 
  they started to violate turkish air zone ( there were several violations made the local news here ) which is a message to the turks , they started to broadcast how they fight with isis so they got the people 's support , putin started to talk bravely about the subject which is the thing everyone appreciates . 
  then g20 happened . 
  i do n't exactly know what happened there but i believe some things changed especially between turkey and russia after putin made that `` there are g20 countries supporting isis . '', 
  statement and hours of meeting without any journalist . 
  1 week after the g20 summit and here we are . 
  a russian jet without the russian flag enters turkish air zone without asking for permission and without answering the calls from turkish officials , this time turkish side shoots it down instead of contacting russian officials . 
  after that they immediately call for a nato meeting . 
  putin talks within an hour and blatantly blames turkey for isis and many other things and threatens them . 
  i believe you already heard the rest of the story . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** turkey was friendly with assad then they became enemies because turkey wants more authority in the area considering increasing influence of united states and russia in the middle-east . 
  turkey supported anti-assad organizations , made them fight with assad and pkk . 
  pkk is the enemy of turkey so the situation for turkey was win-win . 
  nato was okay with this . 
  then russia intervened and pissed off turkey . 
  they fought with isis but also the other terrorist organizations such as fsa which was beneficial for and unofficially supported by turkey . 
  they violated a few times turkish air zone before to warn them , turkish side shot down the russian jet this time to warn them . 
  nato and some countries including the united states stated that turkey has the right to shoot down jets entering it 's air zone without permission , some others stated it 's an unfriendly behaviour and does n't contribute on the syria situation . 
  good side : - ( everyone tries to win more , no one truly cares about being good ), 
  evil side : isis ( fuck them ), 
  there may be mistakes , i 'm no expert on the subject . 
  do n't take the things i said as the facts since i 'm just a citizen of turkey trying to look into things objectively . 
  please excuse the grammar mistake if there are any . 
  there were some greek pop hits over the last decade . 
  a few of them are got covered in turkish because they were so popular . 
  i do n't recommend them though , they murdered the original songs with covers . 
  there are many greeks living in istanbul and the western turkey but we call them rums . 
  i once had a sak\u0131z liqueur ( i do n't know what you call it ) home-made by the family of a rum friend of mine and it was awesome . 
  maybe the best drink i 've ever had . 
  yet most of the people here do n't even know what it is . 
  yes !, 
  `` rum '' word comes from `` roman '' , we usually shorten foreign words ( it 's also how `` istanbul '' word originated from '' \u03b5\u1f30\u03c2 \u03c4\u1f74\u03bd \u03a0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b9\u03bd '' and `` yunan '' word originated from `` ionian '' over the time ) so `` roman '' became rum . 
  `` rumeli '' literally means `` hand of rum '' but it actually means `` country of rum '' . 
  as a person who did n't understand a single word , i did n't find the song as rebellious and it sounded quite joyful instead . 
  and yes , apparently it 's called mastiha/mastika til . 
  i heard the word `` mastika '' before but did n't know what it meant ... 
  apparently i remembered wrong , my bad . 
  it seems 2 out of 5 permanent members treat pkk as a terrorist organization but un itself does n't recognize it in such a way . 
  they did twice in the past but military is n't the solution . 
  because turkish people has a habit to vote for who uses religion better . 
  the last pm we had before erdogan was ecevit ( a good secular leader ) and the worst economic crisis of turkey history happened in his time . 
  people are still furious about that . 
  anyways , erdogan knowing military can be a threat in the future eliminated them in the first chance he got . 
  currently military leaders are also erdogan 's men , he has the full control over the country . 
  [ look how sweet he is !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga5boyi3lqc ), 
  it 's more like no one with the power to do anything does n't care . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
   the country has so much potential, 
  we * had * so much potential imo . 
  % 50 of the people literally abandoned secular ideas for erdogan . 
  there were many reasons for this but the biggest reason was inconsistent economy . 
  basicly , turkey went into a shithole of economic crisises in the 90s , they got shitloads of money from imf , just when the things started to get better and turkey started to recover 1999 marmara earthquake happened . 
  1999-2002 was a try to recover period but they could n't be succesful and people voted for someone different , someone more like a leader and strong looking person , erdogan . 
  in a few years economy became steadier , eu and united states liked erdogan 's way and started to support him . 
  as erdogan started to gain more power he became more and more brave in the country and started to eliminate his rivals such as cem uzan ( another promising secular politician ) , deniz baykal ( leader of the 2nd voted party ) , military , lawyers and all . 
  it 's been 13 years since he won his first election and here we are . 
  a country with brainwashed people and a mad president . 
  also polarizing does wonders for him . 
  polarizing is how every dictator in the past who is elected got the power . 
  for example hitler , assad , putin & erdogan to an extent .
