   i know smeb was ill, 
  what they eat ffs it 's like every team has someone ill . 
  it was more about the meta back then . 
  when the meta shifted from assassins/mid-game oriented team comps to late game comps of course it was tristana 's shining time . 
  it 's not like pro players suddenly realized that tristana exists . 
  first of all , his career is n't destroyed or anything . 
  asians may still call him racist but it 's been long since westerners forgave him . 
  he was playing for sk at that time now he plays for tsm , for a bigger lol brand with a larger wage . 
  i 'm not sure how you can call this `` getting his career destroyed '' . 
  also , asians have their reasons for not to forgive him . 
  the players took pr lessons before worlds but even without the pr lessons everyone knows that nickname is offensive . 
  but sven still went with it . 
  he very well knew what he was doing and he still did it . 
  so these are the consequences , he needs to deal with that . 
  it 's not about turning to 18 . 
  even if you tell a 8 years old kid `` n-word is offensive do n't use that against black people '' that kid knows that he should n't use that word . 
  please do n't defend racism with `` but he was n't adult / he was making a joke / it was n't a big thing '' . 
  9x16 for the first picture ? 
  1080x1920 to be more specific :3, 
  we still use the same constitution , gulen organization gained power during 80s , people grew to hate leftists because kenan evren ( main actor of the coup ) acted as a leftist , rightist movement gained power during 80s so much that only 1 leftist party managed to rule this country between 1999-2002 because people loved their leader ( b\u00fclent ecevit ) for many reasons before the coup and even then they could n't get enough vote to form a goverment so it was a coalition . 
  also there is pkk , it was founded in the 80s ( ca n't recall the exact year but even before pkk the same people that founded pkk were active ) . 
  i believe it 's safe to say turkey 's present is shaped by the 1980 coup . 
  but she speaks german !, 
   your device will downsample it to 1080 by 1920 if you use it . 
  yes , thank you very much !, 
  it seems great on my phone . 
   2 ) korean palyers only comes to china to stack up their ` retirement fund ' ( \u517b\u8001\u91d1 ) . 
  the chinese community believes that the korean player 's only interest in lpl is to take advantage of the stacked pay out , and have no intention of actually help improve the competitive level of lpl , and will never make an conscious effort to help china win worlds . 
  i can see why they think that but i mean if you think that koreans are there just for the chinese money then do n't import them . 
  simple as that . 
  if you depend of them , you have no right to complain . 
  i mean turkey supports isis , russia is homophobic , germany loves immigrants and usa smokes weed everyday , no ? 
   kalista and azir are impossible to balance . 
  their kits are too damn good so if they 're viable they 're busted and if they 're weak they 're trash . 
  the same used to be said about thresh and zed and look where they are now , in a balanced spot . 
  he had every right and opportunity to be a dictator but he chose not to . 
  you ca n't judge the past by today 's standards . 
  that was my first thought as well but as the time passed it turned as a really shitty planned big attempt . 
  it would n't be right to define it as a right but you 're mostly correct . 
  what the fuck, 
  he did n't bring only secularism to turkey though . 
  economic advancements , women rights , alphabet revisions , shutting down religious cults , promoting nationalism to create a turkish identity instead of ottoman , giving women right to vote before any other european country are a few that i can count instantly . 
  he made turkey a much better place than ottoman empire . 
  he had every right to be a dictator . 
  you know some people has that aura that people follow him whatever he does because they know that he only thinks about the country itself and not some individuals or himself . 
  ataturk was that type of a man . 
  if he was a dictator people would n't complain , not could n't but would n't . 
  of course he made some mistakes but no one is perfect . 
  after his death some of his most loyal men formed a new party , but only after his death , which means 1 ) they knew that people loved ataturk so much that they did n't have a chance 2 ) they were pretty satisfied with ataturk 's ruling . 
  alparslan t\u00fcrke\u015f , founder of one the most powerful opposition parties ( mhp ) , said that `` if chp was the same chp as they were under ataturk 's leadership we would n't need to found this party '' . 
  you could say that he was a dictator in people 's heart in a sense . 
  and they did n't rework him , did n't overhaul his kit , with some nerfs they made him balanced . 
  so it was actually possible to balance thresh without changing his kit unlike what everyone said before then . 
  nerfs are a way to balance so i 'm not sure what did you mean by listing the nerfs . 
  people talked the same way about zed . 
  their arguments were he was an epitome of an assassin so it was impossible to top him , he would either be too weak/clumsy or too strong there would n't be a middle point etc. 
  now he is pretty balanced . 
     so it was actually possible to balance thresh without changing his kit, 
    aa range reduction, 
    e windup begins after auto attack animation ( charges slower ), 
    w does not shield multiple targets, 
    q windup moved to e, 
   nerfs are a way to balance so i 'm not sure what did you mean by listing the nerfs . 
  do you remember how people reacted to brazil crowd this olympics when they booed other athletes ? 
  people commended the fuck out of them because it 's a god damn international event . 
  i feel like `` it 's a meme '' is the r/lol version of `` dude it 's just a prank '' . 
  oh my god after watching whole video it gets only better lol, 
  you know that 's the best part . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the booers in the yesterday 's crowd condemned brazilian fans for the same reason . 
  what ? 
  pushing a player happens every fucking game and most of them are n't even penalized while rest of them gets yellow card not a red card . 
  no one is saying emre should n't be punished but red card is definitely a very very harsh decision here especially considering that blatant dive . 
  heroes that can counter or escape zarya ultimate :, 
  * lucio, 
  * rein, 
  * reaper, 
  * tracer, 
  * winston, 
  the trick is to either avoid all of these or wait for their cooldowns . 
  either way it 's one of the hardest ultimates in the game imo . 
   * tracer blinks in waves hi . 
  another tracer blinks into view and waves hi . 
  the two tracers do a double take and stare at each other . 
  one gasps and another laughs . 
  * zarya walks in waves hi . 
  reaper teleports into view and makes cutthroat emote . 
  zarya tries to do a double take with reaper but reaper stares in zarya 's eye and sayd `` imma rekt u ruskiddo '' . 
  zarya fears and reaper laughs . 
  oh you are that banana move azir guy . 
  i loved your videos dude and especially the soundtracks you chose for those videos . 
  edit : for those who wonder : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egs_3oivswq, 
  this was back in the days azir was a newly released champion and most people did n't know about this move . 
  then it became a mainstream trick though and riot made it easier to pull off . 
  holy shit i need more of these lol, 
   no opium either . 
  oh i would n't be so sure about that . 
  my mother grew up in a little village of afyon and people were already growing hashish there illegally . 
  now lower the taxes on cigarettes and we will be fine . 
  to combat with pkk of course since most of the illegal cigarettes in turkey are imported by them . 
  i 'm afraid to get hyped god dammit .
