  the people who see themselves as irish will find their country split by a border , hence big change . 
  if you think the nationalists suddenly started accepting the ` united kingdom ' after the gfa , you 're going to be disappointed i 'm afraid . 
  i live in england now , and still write `` ireland '' on all my post home , it 's that ingrained . 
  the second passport suggestion does n't quite work . 
  it 's an either/or/both thing in northern ireland . 
  many people will refuse to get a uk passport , and many will refuse to get an irish passport . 
  about half a million people will never have a uk passport to `` give up '' . 
  exactly , you have n't got a clue . 
  the good friday agreement means the northern irish can choose : irish , british , or both . 
  that means : - the british and irish in northern ireland need to be equal to one another . 
  - the british need to be equal to their countrymen in scotland , england and wales . 
  that means no border . 
  - the irish need to be equal to their countrymen in ireland . 
  that means no border . 
  brexit means : - a border . 
  good fucking luck !, 
  if people ca n't pronounce ch as a hard k , they were never going to get past the cz at the start anyway . 
  you 're forgetting how many english words people have to be taught to pronounce , we 're not just a phonetic language , but afterr a while it does become intuitive to us . 
  rings true as an irishman living in england as well , although he is reaching in parts - `` lager louts '' was just unnecessary , and he becomes a bit of an anxious mess towards the end of the article . 
  but there is something very odd in how uncomfortable the english are with their own nationality , while they simultaneously diminish the concerns of scots , irish , etc , as akin to `` causing a fuss over nothing . '', 
  i was just explaining my laughter , bud . 
  i laughed because the north british republic ( capitalised , implying a name ) displays the standard ( and oft remarked upon ) lack of knowledge british people have about northern ireland . 
  i just found it funny , that 's all . 
  they 're called the british isles everywhere except ireland . 
  i can see that your wee north british joke is just innocently ignorant , but for future ref. , half of northern ireland despise the `` british '' moniker , and the republic is n't too fond of it either . 
   british hahahahahahahah, 
  itt : rest of europe : tally ho old boys , good luck , we 'll miss you !, 
  ireland : fuck . 
  for queues , we 're taught from a young age , and businesses are often organised in such a way that queues are inevitable . 
  but visit any bar and you 'll see that it all goes out the window - we become a swell of people all shouting at each other and the poor staff . 
  primavera sound in barcelona . 
   a subject i 'm rather interested in cool , well it 's a subject i live and breathe being from northern ireland , so i can tell you without checking that the first article you read on britishness will refute your ` clarification ' within the first two paragraphs . 
  british does not only refer to people from the island of great britain . 
  you are wrong . 
  i 'm from ireland . 
  i have an irish passport . 
  the city listed in my passport is derry , ireland . 
  look for that on a map . 
  what you 'll find is londonderry , united kingdom . 
  from my house , i can walk fifteen minutes down the road and i 'll have crossed the border , and the only thing that might give it away is that prices switch to euros . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  businesses in derry actually accept both euro and gbp . 
  a lot of my childhood memories revolve around taking holidays or visiting family across that border , or even just walking to see how far we could go . 
  thankfully very few of them involve the old hard border , with it 's random searches by armed soldiers . 
  but that border remains strongly in the minds of many others , and i doubt a single one wants to see it again . 
  if the uk tries to enforce such a border , there will be an uproar , to put it mildly . 
  it may even violate the peace process , which disarmed the paramilitaries . 
  northern ireland is a complex thing . 
  it 's better to be cautious in your assessment of what is right for the eu , if you ca n't see the people it would affect . 
  wrong . 
  apologies , i edited my comment while you responded . 
  the `` accepted region '' you 're talking about is only accepted by everyone else , because of british political capital . 
  it is n't accepted by the irish . 
  it 's split between people who consider themselves `` irish only '' , `` irish and northern irish '' , `` northern irish only '' , `` northern irish and british '' , and `` british only '' . 
  most people do n't have much of an issue accepting some amount of ` northern irish ' , but the identity tends to be tethered to irish or british . 
  `` british and northern irish '' is the most common i think . 
  trends are moving towards the irish side slightly . 
  the plate is called the eurasian plate . 
  the name covers europe and asia . 
  that would be like calling the islands the anglo-irish isles , i.e. , devoid of controversy . 
  the problem is being called british . 
  people do say we 're from the british isles . 
  it must be so easy on your mind , being able to dismiss the concerns of the second largest island in the archipelago . 
  as long as your view of the world is protected as uncontroversial , so must everyone else 's be . 
  they are an archipelago , excluding jersey and guernsey . 
  for british isles to be correct geographically , it should exclude jersey and guernsey , and yet it does n't . 
  britain and ireland usually . 
  if we need to refer the other islands too we might say these islands or some such . 
  british isles also includes a few british territories not in the archipelago , so we 'd just address those separately in the very improbable scenario they come up . 
  imagine the inverse . 
  ireland brutally oppresses britain for centuries , starves millions of british people , you guys fight a war of independence and eventually succeed but we keep the part we sent settlers to and a few distinctly british counties as well , then we define your culture for all time . 
  after just under a century you 're all good and realise your irish oppressors are dead , and you 're proud to be british , and ca n't we all just get along anyway ? 
  sure , absolutely . 
  but do n't tell me you would n't wince a little when someone insists you 're from the irish isles . 
  but hey , go on if you like , with your former soviet state of , and former yugoslav republic of , and british isle of . 
  enjoy life in the former eu state of britain . 
  exactly his point . 
  edit : for christ 's sake , it 's even mentioned in your link . 
   the term british isles is controversial in ireland , where there are objections to its usage due to the association of the word british with ireland . 
  the government of ireland does not recognise or use the term and its embassy in london discourages its use . 
  in history class , poland is very prominent in wwii with france , uk and germany , but eastern europe is more taught in cold war history along with russia , so that might be one reason we tend to group poland outside the eastern bloc . 
  i 'm not sure we 'd say it 's really western european either though . 
  it 's more like saying `` if i drew a non-factual entirely opinion-based perspective map of belgium , i would write a different stereotype for the flemish than i would for the walloons . '', 
  in ireland , we call english and welsh people brits . 
  we call scottish people scots . 
  we know you 're all technically brits . 
  notice how the map also says `` brits out '' over northern ireland , even though obviously the brits are very much in . 
  notice how most of the rest of europe says `` continentals '' even though we know they 're technically different countries . 
  the map is * entirely * about the perception . 
  it 's in the title : `` according to '' . 
  `` until everything blurs together * around * poland '' then , i should say . 
  well i doubt the other mapmakers are discussing all the european countries daily either . 
  it 's accurate in one way but not in the same spirit as the other maps . 
  there are definitely different opinions on scotland compared to england/wales , on france ( inspired our revolution , designed our flag ) , spain/catalonia/basque country , and there are stereotypes about everyone until everything blurs together east of poland . 
  strangely enough they have a reputation in the uk for being extremely dedicated workers . 
  maybe i had a bit of good luck and you had a bit of bad luck and the truth in somewhere in between . 
  i had a flight to catch , so it sadly stayed platonic . 
  good hour-long chat though , 
  i was treated amazingly in poland . 
  once i lay on a bench in the street with a hangover , and a girl stopped to ask if i was okay .
