which is why my flair says ireland rather than northern ireland . 
  does n't change the legal recognition . 
  pedantic in the sense that the correction detracts from his point , that is , that northern ireland is a recognised legal territory , whereas the only recognised cypriot territory is cyprus . 
  it 's not purely a protest . 
  a large part of it is the idea that remainers wo n't go quietly , even if they accept the democratic result . 
  to show europe that half the country did n't want this . 
  not a country . 
  at best a province . 
  but i 'm being pedantic . 
  speak for yourself . 
  if they do n't , scotland can just declare independence . 
  i do n't even think they 're counters . 
  counters have supervisors staring them down at every station . 
  it really does . 
  practically i suppose it risks being shortened to anglo-isles , and then we 're back to square one . 
  if only our histories were n't so bitterly linked . 
  i reckon isles should stay , because where else are there isles ? 
  [ anglo-celtic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-celtic ) isles ? 
  it 's the independent . 
  they 're a rag . 
  worse , in fact , because you have to manually print it out just to wipe your arse with it . 
  no , it is because they genuinely think it 's murder . 
  i 've seen many discussions and facebook posts and what have you , and it all comes down to `` murder is wrong . '', 
  that 's it . 
  bit of an irish tradition to move away for a decade or two . 
  started with the famine . 
  someone from the german netherlands would say that . 
  i think it comes down to the countries below us . 
  i live in england and my housemates go through like 200 teabags a week , meanwhile i 'll have a coffee in the morning and a tea in the afternoon and be done . 
  i do n't know how they do it , honestly . 
  edit : wait , we 're above america ? 
  wtf ? 
  i think you would have to add a fair bit of sugar to get the bitterness of guinness to sit right with the whiskey . 
  you might be better simmering the guinness with a bit of brown sugar first ( say , 3 teaspoons ) then letting it cool and adding the whiskey . 
  i feel like a smoothie needs a little icecream or something in it as well so prob a blob of vanilla , all blended up . 
  then again what the fuck do i know , bartenders just make shit up and i 'm already drunk so, 
  i 'll admit i actually had to ask my protestant friend just to make sure . 
  but yeah they celebrate it , but with less ireland flags etc. 
  it 's celebrated by both sides . 
  so , not a majority . 
  they 're * irish * nationalists . 
  they want to stick with ireland , which is in the eu . 
  i 'm from ireland . 
  jesus it 's like your brain has warped so much you forgot white people can emigrate as well . 
  i live in england . 
  ireland is n't in the uk . 
  cool . 
  first of all , checked your profile , you 're american ; you 're trying to persuade me , someone who actually lives in the uk . 
  what 's it like in america ? 
  are n't you afraid of being shot ? 
  i read a scary article about america once . 
  anyway , i never said integration was finished , so your articles do n't really counter me . 
  if anything they basically say `` muslim views on homosexuality are lagging by two generations - so let 's work on that . '', 
  ohhhhhh scary muslims , they 're comin ' to getcha !, 
  the uk has a lot of muslims already , so they know it only takes one or two generations to integrate to british culture . 
  reduces the whole fear of `` sharia europe '' quite a bit . 
  it 's nice of * you * to make an effort , even if * the movement * has already failed . 
  i distinguished you . 
  i 'm talking about the social justice movement , which popularised all these notions of privilege and so on , but has left many people bitter , myself included , by their refusal to actually teach their philosophy . 
  many in the left , myself included , are so bitter about being ousted almost a decade ago that we now leave annoyed comments to the effect of `` inb4 sociology is self-evident therefore privilege is definitely real and i do n't need to explain the details lol '' . 
  i used to be curious , say , seven years ago , until i had that well and truly beaten out of me with `` not my job '' types . 
  it 's nice of you to make some token effort now though , even if the movement has already failed because it was n't bothered to teach . 
  next time though , eh ? 
  inb4 `` it 's not my job to explain things '', 
  even in scots it 's wrong . 
  the `` you '' in `` thank you '' is always the fully pronounced version , wherever you are . 
  `` ye '' does replace all the other `` you `` s though . 
  easy mistake for a foreign speaker i suppose - it does seem like a very rare exception . 
  maybe it would be a good idea to take suggestions for questions before the next survey ? 
  would also be interesting to see how responses change from one survey to the next . 
  pacifico is sold in the uk . 
  pretty solid beer . 
  that 's the one . 
  tequila and other mezcals are becoming really quite popular , but we still need more variety and lower prices to put it on par with , say , whiskey . 
  at the moment it 's difficult to keep any sort of stock . 
  not sure of the mexican market share on key limes but would be nice to see a reduction there too . 
  great news as a bartender . 
  shitposts are good for unity . 
  ban is a bad move . 
  if a benefit of vaping is social , it does no harm to align its restrictions with smokers . 
  the social benefit is all about that private smokers `` club '' that non-smokers avoid . 
  in the uk indoor vaping is legal but most people still go to the smoking area to do it . 
  and you 're flying the same flair as me so stop making us look like assholes . 
  there 's a time and a place to attack the brits , when they 're complimenting our country is n't one of them . 
  the image of it is important but probably more for reducing ` terrorist ' accusations i 'd say . 
  happy coincidence that it comes just after accusations of misogyny as well . 
  condescending politically maybe , but you 're being an asshole here for no reason at all . 
  why do you think it has to be their primary nation ? 
  you can feel extremely european but still have it secondary to your main nationality . 
  welsh people do n't have a problem calling themselves british . 
  back in the 18th century , you 'd be the type to say `` ugh stop trying to make british nationalism happen '' . 
  why you have to set it up as this all-or-nothing fight is beyond me . 
  admittedly the nationalist community did n't think too hard about it either . 
  no-one seriously expected it to happen . 
  it 's one of those things that you look at afterwards and go `` hey wait a second , is this even possible ? '', 
  a year ago people said there will be no brexit and no trump . 
  you 're acting like you know quite a bit yourself . 
  but i 'll admit to my fault in speculating . 
  the nationalist community is concerned , we can both agree on that . 
  you see yourself as british so you get to stay in your country , hence no change .
