but ... but ... mitteleuropa, 
  shhh , you ca n't actually talk about the alternative to capitalism , just complain about capitalism, 
  i 'll just wander my way up to wisconsin , should only take 11 days by foot, 
  murdering random people on the other side of the sea for a vile fascist ideology - bad fighting a regime that is killing your family - good, 
  is it really so hard to understand the difference ? 
  really ? 
  or are you playing stupid ? 
  what ? 
  violence is justified when syria , iraq and indeed turkey have all committed genocide against the kurds, 
  i dunno , i think the internet is very educational . 
  the last line is n't 5 syllables but maybe that 's because i 'm a yankee, 
  linke about half as big as spd . 
  so much for the schulzzug, 
  all of the mediterranean is close geographically and culturally, 
  yea it 's okay . 
  it 's not great if you live in a large family though . 
  and it does n't really encourage you to get out of that cycle at all, 
  bahahahahahahahahaha, 
  god i hate this stupid argument . 
  i do n't see what 's so hard to understand about english . 
  it 's like saying `` stop killing kittens '' is exclusionary of puppies . 
  most far right groups are explicitly racist though, 
  no , not really i 'm sure there are individuals . 
  there are lots of individuals that voted leave that are racist . 
  does n't mean the average leave voter is racist . 
  how do you reckon blm is racist ? 
  lol what, 
  yeah but muh feelings, 
  in theory : allows for more consumption which benefits european markets in practice : could ruin domestic canadian food markets , idk, 
  in atlanta \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af we barely learned about ww2 in general though, 
  i really like that italy chose an artist instead of a ruler ( or saint ) . 
  italy is cool . 
  you act like it 's taught here . 
  we do n't learn a single thing about china . 
  you should use paradox colors, 
  just tell them to pay their fucking share . 
  there 's nothing to settle, 
  well the sun set in 1640, 
   communist did you forget your pills grandpa, 
  almost all of the simplification was thanks to the napoleonic wars . 
  or rather the treaty after it . 
  prussia gained the most from the treaty . 
  so i guess you could blame napoleon for the unification of germany under prussia . 
  kinda ironic . 
  is there still confusion over this ? 
  it 's been over a year, 
  i do n't think anything like that is very likely to happen again . 
  there 's already been put in place so many ` protections ', 
   that europe accepts islam ( more or less ) does n't mean it belongs here . 
  oh good , i was n't completely sure you were a racist . 
  now i know, 
  there 's a bit of a difference between what happened here and what 's happened in germany , you have to be pretty naive to think they 're comparable lol, 
  well this sounds innocent if what they say is true . 
  btw . 
  if it is successful in the us ( god forbid ) that does n't necessarily mean it will catch on there , if the workers actually fight it . 
  we do n't really have trade unions you know, 
  uh yes . 
  maybe some people are still banging on about it but it 's not like in the press every day anymore . 
  afd are dead too, 
  wieners sure are yummy, 
  i always wondered how it 's like live . 
  do they have to watch commercials too ? 
  you 're not going to find me disagreeing , i hate nfl . 
  just saying , not everything is a us numba wan conspiracy . 
  and neither should everything be a stupid nationalist wankfest, 
  well , that 's not why it was invented , people just found it fun i guess . 
  that 's why most sports are invented, 
  what even is water polo, 
  why riga ? 
  i do n't think most americans know them either, 
  a president is supposed to be a role model ? 
  to who ? 
  lol, 
  lol wat we once tried to remove our president for precisely this . 
  do n't ask me why . . 
  that was pretty much my whole life when i was 16 . 
  it got really depressing really fast :p, 
  no hobbies ? 
  that 's pretty depressing ngl, 
  so you are saying that , if you were no longer restrained by money and could do literally anything you wanted , you would just ... do nothing ? 
  i do n't think that 's true for most people . 
  some people argue for work certificates that can be traded in for food or something . 
  since they do not accumulate or grow in value like money does . 
  so much revisionism and ignorance of socialism . 
  lol . 
  first of all , marx is not the sole authority on socialism . 
  it 's generally understood today and for the last 100 years that socialism means worker control of the means of production . 
  second of all , even according to that marxian definition of socialism , the ussr was not socialist because it did not take steps to transition to communism . 
  the ussr was capitalist . 
  good were bought and sold . 
  workers did not own means of production . 
  capitalism is private control over the means of production , distribution , etc. 
  the state is a private entity , as opposed to the workers , which is public control, 
  half of them were invaded by the usa other half were propped up by the ussr , a capitalist state, 
  yup . 
  and i do n't see why that should be a problem . 
  everyone is entitled to a good life . 
  wat i 'm not sure how this has anything to do with what i said . 
  the ussr never claimed to be capitalist but they were . 
  nazis claimed to be socialists but they were not .
