  so again , what 's your point ? 
  lol, 
  it was my impression from social media that people are mostly talking about far left . 
  i guess i could be wrong . 
  npd * is not a good example of * rising * extremism . 
  lol . 
  you are still thinking under capitalism . 
   land is communally owned  construct necessary buildings  necessary equipment  necessary materials  how are they going to get it and who is going to pay for it ? 
  no one pays for anything . 
  they take only what they need from those who produce those things . 
   if then assume that their lamps enterprise is not going as planned and not enough people are buying lamps from them . 
  how will they pay salary ( dividends or any forms of payments ) to their workers ? 
  no one is buying lamps . 
  people take only the lamps they need . 
  no one is receiving a salary because that is wage slavery . 
  people make lamps because it gives them a purpose and because they enjoy their craft . 
  nazi parties are already banned . 
  so take a clue what those 46 % are talking about, 
  i think you are misunderstanding the term . 
  means of production is n't just an empty phrase . 
  if the workers owned the means of production , they would only produce as much as there is demand for , rather than whatever the factory owner demanded , which is very wasteful . 
  there would n't be bills , because they own the factory . 
  again . 
  the ussr was just another capitalist state . 
  czarism by another name . 
  imagine if the only liberalism anyone ever experienced was the terror . 
  it 's a similar thing . 
  if : the workers do not own the means of production , then : it is not socialist . 
  it 's pretty straight forward if you ask me . 
  omg i already spoke on this . 
  i 'm not repeating myself . 
  would you rather live in the warsaw pact , or countries victim to us capitalist imperialism like haiti , grenada , nicaragua ... etc. 
  and many people die under capitalism every year too . 
  not to mention all the anticapitalists the us has murdered, 
  you lived through communism or state capitalism ? 
  it 's my understanding that the ussr was a state , for one , and the workers did not even own the means of production , and that unions not under the preview of the state were illegal ... etc. 
  :-) it 's almost as if there is a very long tradition of communism in the west that has always denounced the ussr, 
  this but unironically, 
  very sad to see . 
  but whatever , germany is very keen to adapt the worst parts of america for some reason, 
   super rich  socially equal, 
  this meme is worse than - gate . 
  please stop . 
  please . 
  i beg you . 
  not moving to another country is n't a sign of ignorance , could be they just ca n't afford to move country, 
  i have to admit i do n't know a whole lot about anarchism especially in ukraine but if you look at the catalonia it was mostly union or party militias, 
  well that 's one way to fix the crimea issue, 
  not really . 
  most ideologies do n't advocate destroying the state and capitalism ( unnecessary in the eyes of anarchists ), 
  maybe they have to live up to better standards there, 
  xddd i know nothing about anarchism in reality though , he was an equal . 
  not like the czar and the soldiers under him . 
  besides , anarchism is about eliminating unnecessary hierarchy . 
  military is arguably necessary , especially during a civil war . 
  they 're really unhealthy . 
  but when you are on welfare it 's all you can really afford :(, 
  to me it feels like an old people thing lol . 
  things like can cheese , american cheese and microwave dinners are n't as popular these days but i live in a big city , i do n't know if that 's representative at all, 
  when people are poor and neither party has done anything to alleviate this , or even exacerbated it , that is why, 
  oh you know , ignoring that absolutely enormous flaw , he does n't have that many flaws, 
  the balkans are wild, 
  why not sell to anyone who asks , then ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  lol, 
  oh no :-( was n't higgins a labour guy ? 
  he seems left of blair, 
  how are irish labour compared to say , corbyn ? 
  [ gop data firm accidentally leaks personal details of nearly 200 million american voters ] ( http://gizmodo.com/gop-data-firm-accidentally-leaks-personal-details-of-ne-1796211612 )  the data was amassed from a variety of sources -- from the banned subreddit r/fatpeoplehate to american crossroads , the super pac co-founded by former white house strategist karl rove . 
  hey we did that a few weeks ago . 
  good to see it 's not just us :p, 
  representative democracy , as opposed to direct democracy , is liberal smh it 's also an oxymoron :d, 
  lol half of your post had literally nothing to do with mine, 
  traditional left wing way, 
  i 'm honored, 
  yep , call it what it is , liberal, 
  germany why do you do this ... 
  \\ #notallcommunists to be honest though what i proposed is not communism or even socialism . 
  it 's just taxes . 
  it could have happened before socialism ever existed . 
   username checks out . 
  you know it, 
  money is wasted in the hands of the super rich . 
  they have so much money that so much of the wealth they accumulate never goes spent . 
  think of it this way , 1 billion dollars would go a lot further in the hands of 1000 people than in the hands of just one person , because the 1000 people would probably spend more of it which means more money is going into the economy . 
  a few european countries already do what i 'm suggesting though, 
  probably from before the libyan war , it had the highest hdi in africa before the war iirc, 
  usa though . . 
  wow i 'm sure this nazi cares a lot about haplogroups, 
  european social democracies are okay . 
  but as you can see with france they are n't perfect . 
  worker control does n't even necessitate revolution ( some will debate this though )  you will be hard pressed to find a physically attractive extremist lol this is just stupid and not true . 
  could say the same thing about any group . 
  also since when was socialism extremist ? 
  just so you know . 
  people who are richer do not work harder . 
  people like donald trump do n't work at all ... 
  propped up by ussr , supported by the usa afterwards when the war in vietnam turned out really poorly, 
  you know what all those have in common ? 
  they were all propped up by the ussr after the bolshevik and trot purges .
