  in all reality it wo n't happen soon . 
  northern irish british unionists wo n't vote for it and that would have to change significantly for it to be remotely possible . 
  sinn fein did n't campaign for a remain vote because they are pro-eu . 
  it should go to a neutral country . 
  i suggest ireland . 
  i swear i 'm not biased at all . 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ all ^ ^ honesty ^ ^ anwhere ^ ^ but ^ ^ london ^ ^ and ^ ^ in ^ ^ the ^ ^ eu, 
  sinn fein and aaa would pass a bill proposed by fine gael for a vote . 
   if the 5th largest economy in the world has shit itself to the degree we 've seen so far , how do you honestly think we 'd do ? 
  the first country to leave the eu . 
  the uncertainty is huge because there is no example to follow . 
  who knows where they will be in 5 years time . 
  who says we will be the 2nd to leave ? 
  if leaving the eu is n't seen as a huge negative after the uk leaves it wo n't cause such a mess each time it happens . 
  i do n't know how we would get on . 
  neither did the uk yet they still voted out there 's a reason the eu is trying to prevent a domino affect . 
  because it very well could happen over the next 2 decades . 
  saying the uk will be the last to leave would also be foolish . 
  sinn fein are pretty much anti-eu when it comes to it taking sovereignty . 
  the aaa want irexit . 
  there would be no issue passing a bill mandating an in-out referendum in the parliament in the future if the gov call it . 
  the irish public votes no to most vote the eu , we are pretty much anti-federalisation . 
  so the idea of having the vote would n't cause as much out roar once the uk is fully out and operating outside the eu . 
  the feasibility of irexit completely depends on how great/shit a deal the uk get now . 
  their media is incredible . 
  they 've been pushing this idea that everyone in the eu is either out to crush them or is on a plane to come steal their benefits and jobs for as long as i can remember . 
  now they can go be `` great '' somewhere else . 
  but then you guys will still pay into the eu budget with no rebates , implement eu regulations without any say in their making and have unfettered immigration from the eu . 
  norway had to join schegen so there are no passport controls but there is no way after leaving the eu over immigration that you will join schegen . 
  thats a worse deal than you had . 
  there 's no point leaving if youre basically staying on worse terms . 
  plus the eu ca n't have its financial service hub based in a country that does n't have to follow eu banking rules . 
  watching the leave camp try and argue that there will be no negative effects . 
  right now on sky news someone is trying to say that brexit will not cause 1 job loss . 
  and how the leave in the press seem to think they will get to pick and choose the aspects of eu to keep so everyone should stop worrying . 
  honestly from here it seems they have no clue what they are going to do . 
  they did n't plan to win and i question how eurosceptic boris johnson really is and how much of it was to further his own career . 
  he sounds real odd now that brexit won . 
  tbh if brexit leads to few negatives then the eu is doomed . 
  `` why ca n't we all be outside the union yet still have access to the benefits of it such as the single market without the red tape ? '', 
  will ripple across europe . 
  its going to be crazy to think that the english will be creating a hard border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  maybe with their drive to make britain great again they could use their traditional solution to democracy and partition the uk on the lines of remain and leave areas of their isle . 
  we have a brexit politician in n.ireland telling his constituents to apply for republic of ireland citizenship . 
  this politician 's father made of career in politics out of hating everything irish . 
  the uk has voted to leave but other than that i have no idea what they have voted for . 
  their politicians are rowing back on nearly all the commitments . 
  and to wrap up cameron has gambled stability in europe for the sake of tory party and stealing votes from ukip . 
  i 'd love to know what he is thinking now . 
  im sure it 's full of profanities at least . 
  remember when germany invited unlimited numbers of refugees , then changed its mind and then decided it was in charge of the refugee policy for the whole eu and sent the continent into crisis . 
  good times . 
  i really ca n't wonder but think that this affected the immigration focused brexit vote . 
  seeing as the 3 major politicians of the brexit movement in the uk , gove , farage and boris johnson liked comparing the european union to the nazis and blamed all their internal problems on the rest of us in the eu and on the presence of european labour in the uk i do n't think it is the eu who lit the first match . 
  these politicians are the face of post brexit uk and we ca n't act like they will be replaced by moderates . 
   trade deal could let ** us companies ** challenge eu regs through canadian subsidiaries . 
  wow the us really is a huge boogieman for the anti-free trade activists, 
  since 1690 . 
  still going strong . 
  sunburn hogging the pool table by the swimming pool . 
  really excited looking people inside the airport duty free cigarette and alcohol section loudly telling each other how cheap everything is . 
  gaa jerseys go to an irish pub and normally youll find a couple among all the british people in there . 
  we want your business not your people is the only thing we 've learned about the uks approach the potential india trade deal . 
  it was set up when the english would n't allow native irish catholics a say in local government . 
  when they finally conceded that a new market was set up called the irish market . 
  that market no longer exists . 
  instead trading only takes place outside where it was located at the weekend . 
  i did n't imply it did n't . 
  america loves violating the sovereignty of middle eastern countries while debating at home whether the paris convention on climate change and un membership is a violation of theirs . 
  not americas mission of course to cause deaths of the `` bad dudes '' as your president calls them but they are the experts at this stage . 
  referendum ether this year or early next year most likely . 
  we are supposed to own the constitution and only public votes can alter it . 
  at the beginning of our independent country there was a clause in it to allow citizens to petition and force votes . 
  unfortunately as the constitution was new for a period it could be altered without a public vote . 
  the person who penned the constitution got into power and realised it would be a nuisance and removed it . 
  so now politicians can prevent us from modifying it by just not letting us vote on things . 
  to keep oaps happy all major parties try and avoid a national debate on abortion . 
  people had to die for us to get to where we are now where a vote is likely . 
  who said that ? 
  germany does n't manipulate it but it without a doubt it 's exports have benefitted from it . 
  lol . 
  the uk has far bigger political connections . 
  that 's not a question . 
  tony blair signed the uk up for whatever the us was planning before he even knew . 
  [ https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jul/07/tony-blair-with-you-whatever-pledge-was-not-commitment-to-war?client=safari] ( link ) the uk has to be americas most useful allies for serving their own agenda . 
  it has to or the union is over . 
  the uk is trying the bully us by demanding a golden trade deal or it will try and undermine the union and the usa is trying to fragment the eu into individual countries it can bully much easier . 
  trump is going to buddy up with putin and may is going to sing whatever hum the us wants as they beg for a trade deal from their incredibly weak position . 
  a huge percentage of our exports are high value pharmaceuticals . 
  there 's also a ton of small indigenous firms who employ many but involve far smaller sums of money who would hurt bad . 
  everything to do with agriculture would take a very bad hit . 
  well that would completely destroy our indigenous businesses so unless the eu has a plan to stop that we 'll probably have to veto for our own survival . 
  because the bitcoin market is completely manipulated and the currency is already in the hands of a very small group of people making it useless . 
  agriculture is a massive part and transport plus the lack of any nuclear plants so a lot of carbon emitting power generation . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that when 2016 ends the craziness stops . 
  this is only just the start, 
  people are priced out of dublin because our country refuses to invest in key infrastructure in other smaller cities , so jobs head to dublin and young graduates follow the work leading to working class people being priced out by young professionals . 
  and secondly dublin politicians refuse to allow highrise buildings because that would depress the house value of their voters . 
  you can only vote here if you 've lived here for at least 100 or so days . 
  you ca n't vote if you live abroad .
