  dual citizenship is great . 
  you can build a life in another country far away , safe knowing that you are a citizen and ca n't really lose residency rights . 
  then 10-20 years later you can return and live in same town you grew up in surrounded by family . 
  if the irish government removed dual citizenship , it would be seen as a huge attack on the family unit . 
  making an irishman apply for a working visa to come home and maybe even denying them . 
  it would probably cause the government to collapse . 
  ol' erdogan must have squeaked when talking recently and had to think of a reason to save his manliness . 
  it 's nothing to do with that . 
  the uk is leaving and its alpha politicians are telling their supporters that they may walk from the negotiating tables and pay no exit fee . 
  if youre about to leave the party you do n't get a veto on the music playing . 
  the us president attacked nato , the us conservatives attack the concept of the eu . 
  nato contains both the us and the uk , two nations who 's governments are critical of the eu . 
  this shows that nato is not a long term solution . 
  the eu must have the means defend the eu . 
   `` the irish maggie thatcher '' . 
  the left which includes sf who are less progressive than fg love to call insult every member of irish centre right parties tories . 
  it 's reactionary and is purely pushed by sf to rally their anti-british/actual tories yet non socially progressive core base against ever switching to ff or fg and the only people it actually works on are those who do n't follow in any way uk politics . 
  we did n't expect australian broadband to be able to load a new webpage so quickly . 
  british nationalism good , irish nationalism bad it 's ~ ~ farage ~ ~ a brief summary of british rule in ireland, 
  yes but will it be strong and stable ? 
  unfortunately your politicians decided they do n't want to politic anymore because it might mean doing stuff they do n't want to do . 
  this ban was brought in shortly after independence from the uk . 
  for the first time we could actual make our own laws to `` regulate '' society . 
  a politician was sick of drunk people in city centres throughout the country on good friday on what was supposed to be a holy day and banned opening . 
  so maybe our traditions were alike before the ban . 
  no , you only get it if your grandparents or parents were actually born here . 
  so an englishman claiming through their grandparents which is a lot go the current claims wo n't be able to pass that on to his children . 
   are you happy the uk is leaving ? 
  disappointed ? 
  disappointed . 
  it 's a shame to see the uk becoming increasingly nationalistic . 
  it could damage our trade . 
  honestly beyound our trade links i do n't really care what they do . 
  i 'm hoping we shall still enjoy free travel with the uk under the common travel area after all is said and done . 
   do you think brexit will hasten the unification of ireland ? 
  i think n.ireland 's economy is completely screwed as it 's unionist politicians who favour brexit seem to be completely up for a hard border between us just to annoy resident nationalists living in the north . 
  as for reunification ? 
  i live far from the border . 
  it 's not an issue people around me think about . 
  i do n't think so . 
   how do you feel about brits -- english people , in particular -- getting irish passports as a convenient way to stay `` european '' ? 
  their children wo n't be entitled to it so its only a problem for this generation and it 's hardly a problem . 
  they wo n't be able to pass on their irish citizenship to their children unless they have an actual link to here . 
  i doubt an invasion of ireland would have been even necessary . 
  i watched a documentary on it and there really would have been no need to invade ireland . 
  ireland would have become the north korea of europe within hours of it breaking . 
  the brits would have easily pushed the irish army back into the republic . 
  the international sanctions , the resulting isolation , the fortified border and the destruction of ireland 's reputation would have killed the country . 
  it 's not like we could retaliate with force to anything , our army is unironically weak since foundation because of the shield the uk gives us from the rest of world . 
  again thank fuck it was only an idea but it was probably the stupidest solution to the conflict in n.ireland imaginable . 
  that time our government made plans in the early 70s to invade northern ireland . 
  they planned on taking a nationalist border town . 
  it would have been a complete disaster for obvious reasons . 
  the fact the plans were made up has to be the stupidest thing my country has done . 
  why not just get both . 
  irish passport holders are treated as `` neither citizens or foreigners '' in the uk so that 's a handy bonus i guess ( works vice versa as well ), 
   will it try to strong-arm britain from formerly leaving the eu ? 
  nah , too many countries have strong trade links with it . 
  they 'll get limited single market access and complete control of their borders . 
   will e.u. 
  member states push for a more centralized and federalized e.u. ? 
  hopefully not . 
  we are too different for a federation to work . 
   is it possible places like ukraine could join e.u. 
  in the future ? 
  no idea . 
  i guess it 's possible in the next 20 years . 
   what do you see happening in europe in the near future ? 
  schegen being reformed within the next 5 to 10 years . 
  no its a joke . 
  there might be a few that dream of it but we did n't get independence from the uk to then form some new englandless uk with scotland and northern ireland . 
  libertarians are socially left ? 
  believing the government should n't regulate anything does n't make them socially left . 
  zero . 
  it allows us to pretend to be a neutral country where unlike switzerland few can even fire a gun and no means of protecting that very neutrality or sovereignty . 
  some leftwing politicians still get furious that the us is allowed use an airport here as a stopover point in their journeys . 
  so i guess the average irish person is really grateful for its existence . 
  many so used to peace they probably do n't even know much about it . 
  i hope we join someday . 
  at the moment we are purely leeches . 
  prospering from peace but contributing nothing to maintain it in europe . 
  our national broadcaster is more about who you know than actual talent . 
  basically everyone in there is overpaid and ends up on our friday night chatshows . 
  rather than spend money on guests on our chatshows we get a b list irish celeb or a c list english celeb , an state broadcaster employee such as the weatherman and the parents of some kid who recently died of cancer and are setting up a charity . 
  [ look . 
  this . 
  shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzyqlujw-dm ) most just follow uk and us media instead . 
  irish media occasionally can create good content but really is only good at national current affairs . 
   fast food ads exists to appeal to americans if they are any of the major chains . 
  the food would be disgusting to anyone else . 
  what was gross about them ? 
  just there persistence . 
  it does n't happen here . 
  the type of ads are different to here . 
  they focused solely on how irresistible the food is and the sheer volume of the ads from different chains . 
  there 's only so many times a man can watch fried chicken fly across the screen in a day . 
  it did n't make me nauseous but it did n't make me hungry . 
  those ads would n't work here . 
  they just are n't appealing . 
   what would be more reasonable ?
