  historian stanley payne says : * he proved in many ways the basest king in spanish history . 
  cowardly , selfish , grasping , suspicious , and vengeful , [ he ] seemed almost incapable of any perception of the commonwealth . 
  he thought only in terms of his power and security and was unmoved by the enormous sacrifices of spanish people to retain their independence and preserve his throne . 
  it is my second ( or my third , as i only learnt french in school ) . 
  i would say second , since my french fell behind a long time ago . 
  so , thanks ( although rereading it i see errors here and there ... ), 
  why are we still together , if everything is madrile\u00f1o , catal\u00e1n , andaluz , asturiano , vasco or riojano ? 
  is there anything spanish out there ? 
  is there any common tissue ? 
  i think the problem , maybe , is that they do n't know any person into corridas or encierros ( or they do know someone , and it happens to be terrible ) . 
  i , for one , happen to know people , close to me , like that . 
  both my grandfathers enjoy watching corridas . 
  obviously , they are too old to get involved on it , but they have always liked to watch them . 
  when i was little , i used to tell them each time they were watching it that it was horrible and disgusting . 
  i guess that made them a bit sad , but i did n't care too much back them , i did n't really understood how they could enjoy it . 
  they both seemed to treat their own animals with respect and love , though . 
  right now , i think i have empathy enough to put me in their places , and know why they could enjoy it . 
  if you can dehumanize the bull ( imagine they were using a robotic one ) , you could do it . 
  both have been using animals as tools since they were kids . 
  killing them was quite a normal part of their life , and something they had to do to survive . 
  pigs , chickens , litte lambs , by the dozens each year . 
  i remember seeing a matanza ( killing a pig by cutting the neck with a knife ) when i was small , and it was way harder to watch than any corrida . 
  growing in that ambient , i can see how killing an animal as a `` form of art '' was something quite normal . 
  how an otherwise wise ( not educated , but certainly wise ) and kind men could see corridas like that . 
  i guess that society advance once funeral at a time , but i really can not wish death upon those people in good concience . 
  you will argue that those that died are different , just a bunch of brainless city kids , that never have had to kill animals in their normal day to day , and that simply lack the empathy because they are evil . 
  probably , there are very few people leading the life my grandparents had back then . 
  but i do not know , if each one that died deserved it . 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  i like to use `` me cag\u00fcen la puta de oros '' ( i shit on the whore of golds ) or `` me cag\u00fcen su puta madre en bicicleta '' ( their whore mother in a bike ) as curses , not as direct insults . 
  joder feels too light and short when you need to really curse . 
  spain : education is far more focused on the civil war , of which plenty of topics could be spoken . 
  synopsis : it is an unclosed topic , selfhate was part of spain soul before , still is , and will be until a really strong external threat appears . 
  after that , selfhate will be resumed . 
  you will get the ocasional history of franco meeting hitler in hendaya , the division azul ( company sent to fight communism under german command ) , and republican exiles aiding french resistance . 
  everything seen from civil war point of view . 
  i think everybody agrees that staying away from the conflict was the best option , the country was already fubar to enter another war . 
  about the world war ii , unless you interest yourself in reading , the view that will be formed is the one coming from american culture ( movies ) . 
  you can imagine , us vs germany : hitler was very bad , the americans came to save the day , there might be too some people from england around with poor gear soaking bullets . 
  i always found strange/scary that death/long nails guy that appeared in the intro ... anyways , i did not have a great attachment to this one , but everytime someone links a childhood intro , i have to spend 20 minutes watching my favourite ones again . 
  fathers around , have you look for these series so your kids can watch them ? 
  it seems to me that i would do it ; does n't seem that the kid series nowadays can hold a candle to some of the old ones . 
  movies are good enough , though . 
  ( i would even look for chicho terremoto for them :d . `` dash kappei '' , heh , i love our translators https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye13be8wr9a anyone besides italian had this one ? ), 
  haha , it 's curious , but living in south germany , one of the two most outgoing germans i know are from near cologne . 
  maybe it was not a coincidence ... ( although the best one i know is a schw\u00e4bisch speaker ), 
  * in addition , airbus has also proposed a variant armed with high-power electromagnetic pulse weapons to conduct precision strikes on high-value targets . 
  actually , when i went to auschwitz the guide sort of told us that you felt like you were betrayed by the west ( named uk also ) , first because nazis , second because urss . 
  so there is at least two poles thinking that . 
  pd : in southern poland you seem to have your good share of drunken people ( i was really surprised by the old drunk people in the middle of the day !!, 
  never saw one before , saw at least +8 while there ! ), 
  he looks so young ... 
  the city , the kids , he ... everything has made me feel quite sad . 
  they are called pavos ( turkey , but it comes from the way of translating bucks ) , leuros ( no meaning i think ? 
  ) , napos ( no translation ) ... 
  there are more that i dont remember now , but there is nothing special . 
  if you want a very quick tl , dr : if the government asked everyone for 100 $ to buy them an island and send them there , i would pay 200 $ . 
  every prejudice against them is completely justified , sorry to say . 
  supposedly , airbus pressured siemens to ban the company to use their motor for this flight , as it is not qualified to fly above water . 
  that 's what pipistrel say , as you can see the link is quite doubtful . 
  it sounds to me a bit the other way around , `` let 's organize the flight * one day * before !, 
  missing qualification process that could lead to human loss ? 
  fuck that , ignore the motor manufacturer and let 's beat them ! '', 
  well , younger generations pay for the mistake of their elders , and stand upon their achievements . 
  sometimes it sucks , sometimes you get it easy thanks to them . 
  really ? 
  when i finished my camino de santiago , there was still a statue with him in a horse with cut moor heads around , and i am not that old ... 
  what at least our bigger saint still is santiago matamoros ( moorslayer ) . 
  good , towels were mentioned . 
  very important . 
  i can upvote . 
  i do n't think it would be that simple . 
  it 's a reaction to an action in both directions . 
  both wo n't respect each other because they are being bombarded constantly with lack of respect towards their nation by the other side . 
  for me it is an artificially inflated conflict , done so by whoever has something to gain out of it . 
  mostly politicians i guess , with a few minor lobbies on it too . 
  as far as i am concerned , all spanish people should be happy of the regeneration . 
  sadly , it is not the case . 
  i am also sad of seeing a resurgence of nationalistics movements , but then again i am one of those rare guys who plead for empowering all regions and cultures while keeping unity and solidarity between them . 
  a federation , or fueros for everyone . 
  i do n't find too many people as of late with that line of thinking , everyone seems to get more and more polarized to either independence or centralism . 
  thanks , salic law . 
  really , thank god . 
  i can only shiver when thinking about either of the two sisters and their husbands on the throne . 
  i will certainly find someone able to kill fernando vii while he is kept by the french . 
  fucking disgraceful traitor , delaying spain progress for years , and executing the ones that fought for him . 
  and that idiotic and retarded face . 
  i would pay anything to go back in time and punch it . 
  you should mention where do you want to go to , not `` europe '' . 
  unless going to spain , sweden or slovakia is exactly the same to you . 
  also , in some of the countries you will need to learn the language before having a good shoot at the job . 
  north and south have very different landscape in spain , and the south is quite dry , but not `` that '' arid in may . 
  the terrain in the first photo has probably been clean out of vegetation . 
  1 $ / km is surely a typing mistake . 
  i do n't care too much about the day . 
  i feel a strong attachment to both flag and anthem , though . 
  i certainly feel more attachment to european foreign countries than to non-european countries ( i feel more `` at home '' in a european country were my mother tongue is not spoken , than in an american country where my mother tongue is spoken ) , so i guess there is an emotion there . 
  i do n't find it so strange . 
  i am working in germany , while staying paying taxes in my homecountry ( mobility contract with my company ) . 
  in my situation , i am paying nothing to use german roads , while i need the vignette for both switzerland and austria .
