  but the concept of it is quite different from the german weihnachtsmarkt . 
  yes , you can buy x-mas things . 
  but it is quite different , at least for me they left very different impressions . 
  i guess it is just that christmas has a lot of culture accumulated in each country , so there is a common theme , but each country interpret it its own way . 
  i did n't know that the one in basel that appears in the list was a good one . 
  i might go there this year . 
  last year i went to the one in ulm and it was quite nice . 
  i was thinking that being the tajo river , it could be half spain , half portugal , but actually both sides are spain . 
  so because he fancied it i guess . 
  i just want to say that even if it were not in spanish , it could be watched since a long time ago in spain . 
  but subtitles are extremely welcome , of course . 
  his point is that their wives might not . 
  i completely agree with you , considering that we are talking about the spouses . 
  for the inmigrants though , it is true that in other countries that there is a difference with the uk . 
  for example , there are plenty of engineers working in germany without knowing german , learning german when they come here ... because they know english , and it is completely possible for them to work without knowing the country language . 
  in the uk that does n't really work . 
  if they were to get a contract before going in to the uk , and the company were to be ok with them not speaking english , i would n't see the problem . 
  but i doubt that happens often . 
  i do n't know if italians have the same ideas as spaniards , but in spain that will result in people trying to drive with the car at bike speed to deceive the app . 
  anyways , i already bike 8 kms to work each day . 
  would be nice to get 50 $ / month for doing that , but i do n't think germany needs any more incentives for biking to work . 
  at least for me was one of the few classic books that was truly entertaining . 
  i actually laughed at some of the parts . 
  don quixote could be a funny bastard sometimes . 
  even the lazarillo de tormes , which i think it was intended to be funnier did n't do it for me . 
  and in germany seems to be as common as in the us to denounce small accidents . 
  i never knew before going there that private insurances ( i do n't mean car , life , etc. 
  i mean insurances for small personal damage , as in making someone fall in the street ) were a thing . 
  sources ? 
  because if you are going to `` refute '' it , you might as well begin with yours instead of making me compile them for you . 
  sorry , i thought you were sane when i first replied . 
  as it is , the independence of the autonomies in spain is far superior to most of the federal states . 
  i do n't know what they would achieve with it . 
  i will let you guess , what is the % of people in favour of it ? 
  what sane country will leave half of the population that oppose it abandoned in the midst of an illegal proclaim that will cripple the region and the rest of the country ? 
  was this some kind of troll bait ? 
  i was actually surprised about how most of signs there were first in german , second in italian . 
  i guess i did n't drove far enough from the border , but surprising nonetheless . 
  anyways , it 's clear that there have been a great effort . 
  a great number of the detentions in europe are being done there . 
  but they are true . 
  i noticed a big difference in how much people drink , specially in older people . 
  seeing drunk old people in the street was quite a cultural shock . 
  a lot of people going to a store to buy only beer ( 4 ~ 6 ) was also something strange to see . 
  ( talking about a east europe country that already claimed the stereotype ), 
  my google translate does n't translate grelo as clitoris , but ok . 
  they could have read the output ... 
  i thought he was from extremadura . 
  probably is , with a mouseover saying a different thing . 
  next time you make this up , say that they called you guiri , not gringo . 
  in other news they explain the issue a bit more . 
  it seems like nobody has suffered any health issues because of it : * `` over the years since there 's been no evidence that anyone has fallen ill as a result of the accident . 
  the food and water remain clean . 
  '' * but it seems also that a large part of terrain remain unusable : * ( ... ) overlooking one of three fenced-off areas which is still contaminated , totalling some 100 acres ( 40 hectares ) . 
  * * `` the earth there ca n't be moved because the plutonium is latent in the soil , '' he says . 
  `` if we disturb the soil the plutonium could be dispersed . '', 
  so palomares is like a sleeping dragon . 
  you ca n't walk in the fenced-off area , and you ca n't farm it or build on it . 
  the message from the department of energy is : `` let the plutonium lie and there 's no problem . '', 
  yet local people say that in itself is a problem . 
  i migrated to germany . 
  hey , the cost of life is almost the same ( in my case cheaper , considering the zone i moved to where i moved in germany ) , and i am getting temporarily 2.5 times the net money i had in spain . 
  it will go down to `` only '' 1.75 x the netto i have back there if i decide to stay longer with a different contract , and i have better chances of moving up . 
  as an engineer is pretty much a no brainer . 
  most of us already have to move ( to madrid , to barcelona , to ... ) , so why not do it to a different country ? 
  it is really amazing the difference in income when the cost of everything is pretty much the same . 
  this . 
  it got and gets plenty of criticism . 
  if you did n't notice it before , it was because inmigrants crossing are now the hot topic while they have been a long standing problem in spain , italy , greece etc. 
  it 's like europe is discovering now that these problems exist . 
  thanks portugal . 
  i also think that drawing our coat of arms properly is not too much to ask . 
  not counting every other single power , from mayors to kings i guess ? 
  yes . 
  funny , but as spanish i have never ever met someone jew , or seen any present cult building ( both meaning in spain ) . 
  the community must be anecdotic . 
  i wonder if it is the same for everyone , and if it so , how does it change the pov . 
  i have only heard about him over the internet . 
  so the info i get depict him as a caricature . 
  if he is really like that , we need a sanity check over there . 
  anyhow , i will interest myself on him if he wins . 
  i do n't care enough to read about every candidate . 
  i do n't need to make any decision over it . 
  come on , you already have plenty of coast on spain . 
  between you and the germans there will be soon nothing left for us . 
  galician i forgot , basque i am kinda sure they do n't , quechua i did n't know . 
  so ... ok , do n't go with \u00f1 :p, 
  i would simply say , \u00f1 . 
  if it has \u00f1 , whether is suffix , prefix or whatever , is spanish . 
  come on , we can go far deeper : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hctzkkqrrf8 `` tiene nombres mil , el miembro viril '', 
  well , it is also interesting that the majority of regions want independence in various degrees of popularity ( from anecdotical to strong ) , regardless of prosperity . 
  the only ones i do n't remember having one are la rioja , madrid , murcia and both castillas ( but there is one in le\u00f3n , though , so not the complete region is free from it ) . 
  so ... 4.5 / 19 with no independent movement . 
  and those , except madrid , have regionalist movement ( me first , the rest of the country after parties ) . 
  so ... spain . 
  i am actually waiting to read some comments from spain , because i have no idea . 
  hispanoamerica ? 
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3kzbo7tnlg oh , never mind . 
  in the case of the basque country works by giving a fixed amount ( each 5 years is negotiated ) to the rest of the country , and keeping the rest there . 
  actually , one can argue that each one doing their own taxes makes it more efficient , as it is more ... customized ?
