as always . 
  do n't think that every catalonian in favor of independentism is like that . 
  people in most cases have real reasons . 
  the guy was just trolling . 
  sure , * lopez -  lope ( old name not used anymore , but you have lope de vega as a good example ) * perez -  pedro * gonzalez -  gonzalo * gomez -  this one i had to look it for , seems to come from gome/gomo , meaning man , as in homo , so `` son of man '' . 
  so ... lopez , `` son of wolf '' , perez `` son of rock '' , gomez `` son of man '' , gonzalez `` son of battle '' . 
  i think professional last names are not very common here . 
  the first 10 were : garcia , lopez , perez , gonzalez , sanchez , martinez , rodriguez , fernandez , gomez , martin . 
  all the ones that end in - ez means `` son of '' . 
  none of them come from a job . 
  `` molina '' , the one in the map , is the 43th . 
  i found the part on the ps funny too . 
  although they do are spanish languages ... 
  it is just that people use spanish = castillian always . 
  ok , done it for your sake . 
  thumbnail image guy says at first 5/6 hours , and then as last phrase `` people say 6/7 hours '' . 
  if you want to watch it for the 4th time , you will hear that part . 
  well , in the video the guy says 6/7 hours . 
  and there are jobs ( full pay jobs ) of 7 hours in germany ( stronger unions i guess , igm ba-wu for example ) . 
  so maybe it is a bit naive to think it is going to land one without language and unknown formation , but the conditions do are better than in turkey . 
  too busy noticing how beautiful was the hungary representative , i could not notice german beauty . 
  although normally i get the impression on modern feminists that they are protesting about stupid things , this was really brave of them , and an absolutely just cause to protest against . 
  i hope this gets enough publicity and reactions . 
  you do n't need to worry . 
  eu citizens can still pass without problems , you may need to wait . 
  ps : you are really lucky ... salzburg . 
  i really love that city . 
  being so ... it is doubtful that there is any major difference . 
  as anedoctal evidence , the most `` hardcore '' independentist i know ( going as far as paying flights from outside spain to go there for each event , as he no longer resides on spain ) , it is a son of galician inmigrants ( he was born in galicia ) . 
  is there any poll around that ? 
  do you think that sons of people that migrated from other regions are somehow distinguishable ? 
  you are talking of migrations inside one country , the integration of the generation born there is seamless . 
  any reason then it is not changed today , as each community can legislate over it as they please ? 
  why it was n't done like this when they changed the law ~ 8 years ago ? 
  i would n't downvote if it was not wishful thinking contradicting reality . 
  is that anywhere ? 
  because the last time legislation over it was passed , the result was as i described . 
  canarias on the other hand was not so hypocritical . 
  now in your nearest cinema ... 
  the conquest of catalonia !!, 
  set on year ( tbd ) , the realm of ( tbd ) invades catalonia , pouring their investments on it and developing it 's industrial sector until the opression is overwhelming !, 
  watch them break free from the lazy southerners to a bright , prosperous future !, 
  he means non catalionan `` corridas '' , if you would simplify . 
  the ones with bulls on fire can stay . 
  you are expressing a desire , so it is subjunctive . 
  at this point , i think that we all should do the same . 
  the poorer regions are a deadweight , so splitting the country would allow the zones where development was focused to be elite countries . 
  population on poorer regions could emigrate , in a controlled way , if they wanted to . 
   so if you 're looking to broadcast a message to the whole of europe and the world , you would put in english . 
  not sure what that has to do with convincing an individual that he personally should support their right to independence though i guess that if you are conveying the message to europe and the world , is to reach the individuals that live there ? 
  well , seeing that the newspaper front page is in english ... maybe they care ? 
  only one media ` s '' `` side '' '' is at fault , got what i expected . 
  let us know what part of the catalan media says about madriz :p, 
  it does exist ... 
  but it is the same as there . 
  educated people can switch to standard ( or speak it naturally ) , not so educated people will only be able to speak the local version . 
  well , i am learning german now , and i think that they have it worse . 
  spanish is not * that * bad . 
  i have the luck to hear schw\u00e4bisch quite a few times each week , and i really can not follow , even if i am starting to get quite good at understanding hochdeutsch . 
  i have heard that k\u00f6lsch or schweizer are even worse ... one german told me that he had to switch to english once . 
  even if the spanish in america can get quite different , i have never heard of such extreme . 
  i find it specially strange with german , given that they do n't have an ocean between them ... 
  well ... not an easy thing to measure ( specially given the lack of impartial parties ) , but one from the catalan government last year . 
  http://www.periodistadigital.com/cataluna/barcelona/2014/10/04/encuesta-de-la-generalidad-el-65-8-de-los-catalanes-se-siente-catalan-y-espanol.shtml 65.8 % feels catalan and spanish . 
  what were your sources ? 
  pd : one with all the communities from 2007 , andalucia 87.1 % aragon 82.5 % asturias 74.8 % baleares 89.2 % canarias 74.8 % cantabria 78.9 % castilla y leon 92.5 % castilla-la mancha 89.2 % catalu\u00f1a 72.8 % comunidad valenciana 86.9 % extremadura 94.8 % galicia 77.3 % madrid 92.9 % murcia 81 % navarra 78.7 % pais vasco 62.6 % la rioja 86.8 %, 
  war is absolutely out of the picture . 
  simply impossible . 
  you should not get your pov from internet or parties interest on how much people hate each other . 
  no one in roussillon will want to join the new country ? 
  it seems to be claimed as part of a new catalonia . 
  so ... watch out :p, 
  i heard it like 20 years ago , in some madrid-barcelona match ( `` polaco el que no bote '' ) . 
  never heard it again , and most people wo n't know it , no . 
  i explained once why that program it 's called polonia to some friends and they have never heard about it , so it 's quite normal you do n't know it . 
  i have never heard anyone using it outside of that time . 
  the source of the quote would be nice . 
  regardless , the event is a net profit for the city , due to the big touristic influx . 
  so , if it had anything to do with it , it will help with the resources to acommodate refugees . 
  wikipedia link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_tomatina it stays that : `` la tomatina started on the last wednesday of august in 1945 ( 29th august 1945 ) when some young people went to the town square to attend the giants and big-head figures parade . 
  they decided to join the parade with a musician . 
  the group 's [ weasel words ] excitement caused a person to fall from the float . 
  the participant flew into a fit of rage and started to hit everything in his path . 
  there was a market stall of vegetables that fell victim to what soon became a furious crowd . 
  people started to pelt each other with tomatoes until local law enforcement ended the battle . '', 
  although the theory of how it all started seems to be heavily disputed ... 
  funny , considering it was not so long ago . 
  welll ... when i started writing it , it made sense , lem me remove it ... 
  mmm ... 
  but the examples of invidual courage and integrity are certainly not coming from him ? 
  of course , during the reign many things to be proud of happened , but none by his hand . 
  everyone should write his own comment hating on him / nod, 
  not shooting fernando ( ferdinand ) vii in the face was a fairly shameful moment . 
  so , the french ( napoleon ) trick him into letting their troops invade spain ( using the excuse that they just wanted to pass through to invade portugal ) . 
  he goes to france , where he remains as a prisoner . 
  the spaniards revolt against the french to repel them and bring him back . 
  meanwhile , he is in france praising napoleon in his fight against the spaniards . 
  after endless bloodletting ( where the term `` guerrilla '' was originated ) , the population/english won the war and were very happy to receive him back . 
  he then proceeds to ban the constitution , executed ( public humiliation included ) / incarcelated most of the people that fought to liberate him and spain and implementend a backwards mandate that set back spain , once again , another xx years with respect to europe . 
  ah , of course , his adventures do n't end there , he lived a long life of cowardice , selfishness and general evilness , and died in his bed .
