  i have payed more for the roads of these countries for a couple of one week travels , that for the use of the german ones for a bit more than a year . 
  so a 75 % were brave enough to oppose the spanish inquisici\u00f3n . 
  it is actually something to be proud of . 
  looking at the comments , i think i had a sheltered high school life , because nothing remotely similar happened , nor were the people anywhere close to this . 
  i was kind of living between two cities back then , and in one of the cities you could n't find anything like this anywhere , and in the other this kind of teens were only in the `` guetto '' high schools , where education was basically a waste of money beyond teaching how write and read , because even if there was a couple of good students , they were basically drag into the mud and unless extremely good wo n't never reach university . 
  no frontiers , high vat differences . 
  i wonder how frontier gas stations survive . 
  i remember that news of a portuguese minister asking the people to , pretty please , dont cross to spain to refill . 
  it 's kind of a tax evasion form , i guess . 
  for me the issue is not having so many rules ... is that most are `` 70 % of the cases '' rules . 
  not something you would expect beforehand from a german thing . 
  someone does n't like podemos = falange = franco = facha facha facha !!, 
  it works like that , does n't it ? 
  at the end , all extremes are the same . 
  left-wing populist parties are passing by as the good guys these days . 
  nobody is alarmed . 
  yeah ... also madrid really looks to be in the wrong place in the photo . 
  but i guess this mostly due to the angle . 
  the way the police say it , the pay money to get flown to spain . 
  they have to give it back with high interest . 
  when it 's paid , they pay for `` protection '' and the right to beg in x zone . 
  they keep a low % of what they get . 
  i guess nothing happen if they get a bad day . 
  if it happens too often , the `` protector '' will suspect he is getting lowballed and stop `` protecting '' said person . 
  the issue with this type of gipsies ... is that they are never only beggars . 
  usually the idea is to distract and steal , so i guess is normal they do n't inspire as much compassion as a real beggar , even if their life conditions are bad ( usually much better than a real beggar , though ), 
  or no longer in spain . 
  you need some spanish politicians in there requalifying terrain for houses so they can get their black money comissions from constructors . 
  you will have all the houses , airports and steel monuments you may need for the next 30 years . 
  see you all in part 2 !, 
  ( remember that the rover will actually be launched in 2018 ), 
  having crossed half poland ... you might be ok with english on the cities , good luck outside them . 
  i do n't doubt in spain , portugal , france , you would find the same . 
  i find it all the time in germany too . 
  it really depends on what `` travel '' is . 
  since you specifically said that you were not joking ... you think they are going to hire galician only speaking people for highly specialized and skilled jobs in places where they speak spanish or portuguese ... 
  i see the point of learning any of both in some months . 
  but you might as well learn one from the beginning . 
  what . 
  the first that came to mind for me were `` los amantes de teruel '' , too . 
  the one spoken where you intend/consider to move . 
  if you do n't intend to , the one spoken by the main site of your company . 
  if that happens to be yours , the one of the country you intend to retire to . 
  if you are going to do so in your country , then learn whatever sounds better as a hobby . 
  it 's the way i see it : which one is more useful after english depends on your personal situation . 
  i agree that it is worse . 
  it 's completely disgusting , and if i had lived in a place with that kind of problem i would have made sure to drench `` people '' pissing or vomiting with cold water . 
  the thing for me here is as you say : tourists and drunk bastards do n't care at all about the city . 
  but they are lowclass tourists and drunken bastards , not sober residents that should know better and care for the place they live on . 
  that 's why dogshit piss me off so much . 
  i define it by `` garbage on the floor '' . 
  i would n't defend too much any city in spain . 
  nightlife or not , people with dogs there should be forced to eat some of things they `` forget '' to pick up from the floor . 
  that 's by far the main issue for me . 
  really , it 's fucking disgusting , i can not fathom how someone thinks is ok to leave that there . 
  as an impartial spaniard , the stereotype leaves british women in a worse place . 
  but being fair , i think is american tv fault , not something that was in the spanish collective mind . 
  the only implication in the photo is that they do n't look scary at all , unlike the poland one . 
  fin . 
  last year i decided to take the bike on a sunny day and go around the bodensee . 
  130km ( so i did the `` big part '' of it ) , but almost 0m of altitude change ( my gps says i did 60m total ) . 
  so i could do it easily on the day sitting down here and there . 
  i think i crossed borders 3 times ( germany - austria - switzerland - germany ) . 
  i never saw a damn thing ; at some points i did n't know in which country i was . 
  it was a good feeling . 
  why did the scorpion stung the frog and sank in the river ? 
  because it was in it 's nature . 
  gains momemtum again ... 
  it 's not the first time . 
  cartagena in the south may join again , it 's have been some years since they raised weapons . 
  i think there are like 3 or 4 regions in the whole spain that have claim not to be spanish at a recent point . 
  that `` roma ladrona '' reminded me of another northern region with lazy lazy southern compatriots ... 
  what i was curious about how it came to be a 0.3 ... 
  i mean , i have seen 13 , 14 , 15 , even 18 , but never decimals until i came here . 
  probably the union shaving some more money for us . 
  i am actually curious about how many countries do extra payments as a general rule . 
  and about why in germany i am getting 13.3 payments/year . 
  the design would still be airbus success . 
  anyways , auque himself talks about `` being a part '' of it . 
  i guess they did n't have / s back then and people got confused . 
  franco did it . 
  then and now some party propose to change it , but nobody has ultimately do it . 
  i do n't really know if this is worse or better for energy saving , but i personally prefer the sun setting very late . 
  i do n't have a problem having sunrise also being late . 
  if i could i would keep the summer setting the whole year , so the sunset would move between 19:00 and 22:00 . 
  night at 16:45 during winter in europe depress me . 
   the black legend is a style of nonobjective historical writing or propaganda that demonizes the spanish empire , its people and its culture in an intentional attempt to damage its reputation . 
  that 's the black legend . 
  an exaggeration . 
  the colonization and what happened is a different thing . 
  thinking that the spanish were the worst because they are called the black legend ... is well , extremely ignorant . 
  the black legend is called black legend because it was an extreme exageration of things like the inquisici\u00f3n , which were much more moderated than what the protestant propaganda makes the anglo population believe nowadays . 
  plenty of people like how german sounds , do n't sell yourself cheap . 
  spain actually had kind of a golden age of videogames for amstrad/amiga computers . 
  i do n't know why the industry did n't adapt . 
  maybe they fared quite well as small studios but couldnt make the big jump . 
  anyways , programming/computers science nowadays have a bad reputation . 
  low paid jobs , instrusism ... 
  it 's commonly view as a lesser engineering . 
  it 's no surprise to me that nothing is going on here .
