that 's a good explanation for germany or france , but does n't explain polish number 's . 
  there 's almost none of them outside of universities . 
  i 've seen a woman in niqab once in my life and i live in one of the bigger cities . 
  i think people are just scared of what 's `` going on '' in the west ( nationalist propaganda ) and they just imagine it already started here . 
  for fuck 's sake there are 4 working mosques in poland . 
   best kebab tent of europe to be honest the taste is not the most important thing . 
  when i 'm hammered at 2 a.m. 
  i 'd eat anything with meat inside of it . 
  it 's all because of those fucking nationalists . 
  i did n't even know we 're `` supposed '' to dislike each other untill like 3 years ago . 
  hey , lewandowski was there as well . 
  age does n't change anything if you 're stupid . 
  people need to be educated and the most important thing , there ca n't be any agreement ( for drinking and driving ) in society . 
  looks glorious , does n't it ? 
  it is . 
  krakow is definitely number 1 tourist destination , but warsaw , wroc\u0142aw and gda\u0144sk are all worth seeing . 
  to be honest i just do n't watch tv except for sports . 
  there 's nothing but old movies and shit singing competitions there . 
  i have you in my fantasy squad so tell me if you 're really injured this time . 
   i want red black one and some people want a swastika . 
  i hope neither will happen . 
  it 's 19 now , right ? 
  how did it look in your country ? 
  i mostly interested if there was any cheating in high school . 
  i do n't support cheating at the university , but cheating in high school is not a problem for me . 
  if you go to a history profiled class and have to pass chemistry then go on , i do n't mind it . 
  if you cheat on your history tests then you 'll have a problem on your matura ( kind of sat ) exam because you ca n't really cheat there . 
  famous ufo landing site . 
   also , other famous peaks in slovakia : also part of the polish highest mountain is in slovakia . 
  i really expected poland 's to be [ fiat 126p ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/fiat_126p_el.jpg ) . 
  you have wrong picture in your number 4 . 
  it 's also called a sea eye but it 's in poland . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/morskie_oko ) also slovensky raj is fucking awesome . 
  i remember i was there when i was a kid and i was shitting myself , hoping not to fall into the river . 
  from what i 've heard elbl\u0105g , parts of gdansk and wroclaw . 
  i think polish people mostly like germans , just not as much as czech . 
  most polish cities were rebuild . 
  i think krakow was in a good condition but look at warsaw [ 1 ] ( http://7.asset.soup.io/asset/4266/6743_2dd4.jpeg ) or gda\u0144sk [ after the war ] ( http://www.danzig-online.pl/1945.jpg ) and [ now ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-opzhj9sfqlm/uhopftq9bui/aaaaaaaaa78/-isbcmbn5ck/s1600/20130816_191812.jpg ) . 
   yeah they are , due to be demolished pretty soon i think . 
  as are a lot of glasgow 's tower blocks . 
  soo ... which one is the bluevale one ? 
   did n't think the country makes that much of difference in service lifetime . 
  it 's not really a country . 
  i think it depends mostly on cities and will to spend money on new buses . 
  and conquer poland ( at least for some time ) . 
   who invented the triathlon ? 
  the poles : to the swimming pool on foot and back on a bike . 
  we have exactly the same joke , but about romanians/gypsies . 
  also : why are there few swans in romania ? 
  because gypsies get to the bread faster . 
  that 's definitely my favourite . 
  - they made a kebab of her !, 
  a girl from blackpool was abducted , raped , cut into pieces and made into a kebab ( name of the place - funny boyz ) . 
  - the police had over 2500 hours ( over 100 days :p ) of recordings in which the suspects talk about making the girl into a kebab . 
  - unfortunatelly the tapes got destroyed because of police officer 's ignorance and the suspects were set free . 
  unfortunatelly it is . 
  i ca n't understand people who use ketchup on everything . 
  if you put ketchup on something , it tastes just like ketchup so why do n't they eat it straight out of bottles . 
  those 12 % are probably made up of people who vote for sld and feel nostalgic about communism . 
  still we 're winning the orange bar race , 
   therefore , they watch russian tv , vote for pro-russian candidates and mostly support putin . 
  just like the leader of the polish party who openly supports putin . 
  if that 's the case , fuck 'em . 
   it can only stop if both polish and lithuanian politicians loyal to their countries stop collecting local political capital by fueling this problem even more . 
  that 's exactly what i think . 
  if they wanted to solve it , they could do it in a week . 
   polish minority top politicians do not raise a lithuanian flag as is required by law on national lithuanian holidays hahaha , that 's such a fucking polish thing to do . 
  i think if we had this law in poland , some ( probably most ) people would n't raise a flag just because . 
  ` fuck the authority ' is a part of our national identity  as to minority problems , i wish some people would just sit down together for a week and work every single thing out . 
  shame it 's not gon na happen . 
  i wish so too , but i guess it 's just human mentality . 
  people do n't care about the consequences and it 'll bite our species in the ass some time in the future :( there 's no way we 're gon na survive let 's say 10 thousand years . 
  you 're probably studying in a big city , which makes your friends the most atheist part of society . 
  did n't work in polan : /, 
  there are many more weird ones - http://joemonster.org/art/27487, 
  also warsaw , because it 's the capital and there 's supposedly a lot of arrogant people . 
   i sometimes wonder if the ches thing comes from calling the catalan polacos ( polish ) if they are polish we are obviously czechs ( southern smaller neighbour ) . 
  so catalans are called polacos and they hate polish people , am i right ? 
  it 's the first time i 've heard about it and it 's hilarious . 
  where did it come from ? 
  he was n't talking about a war with germany or invasion , but about people ( opposition ) who are eurosceptic and very pro-usa . 
  i do n't know if it 's strong connection , but sikorski , the guy on the tapes , was a member of some club at oxford . 
  i 've heard something that this one was recorded this spring , i 'm not sure though . 
   the best of a bad bunch . 
  that 's pretty accurate . 
  he 's not a great politician , but everyone else is worse . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  american ( standard ) 3 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  chinese 2 . 
  portuguese 3 . 
  russian they taught me fucking singaporean the whole time ... 
  i should probably rephrase it . 
  i have more respect for him than for many other politicians . 
  i do n't think korwin is a troll , i think he 's just really honest . 
  he speaks what he thinks and does n't care about the consequences . 
  i would never in my life vote for jkm , but i admire him for keeping the same opinions ( mostly dumb ones ) for a long time instead of jumping from one political party to another . 
  why should we avoid controversial topics ? 
  i think we should talk about them with respect for everyone .
