  bring us some democracy . 
  - anything to declare ? 
  - yeah , do n't go to england . 
  klu\u017c , 
  malta doubled , what happened there ? 
  i did n't see many ( warsaw , prague , bratislava , paris , budapest , vienna , stockholm , copenhagen and oslo ) , but : the cleanest - def . 
  stockholm ( sweden in general ) the one that looks the best ( beautiful buildings etc. 
  ) - prague ( really hard to pick one ) the one i 'd like to live in - copenhagen ( was n't there for long , but i liked the atmosphere ), 
  protestantism is not that old , but there are not many cultural differences between them and catholics . 
  i think it used to be divided more because of religion/culture differences . 
  west - catholic east - orthodox , muslim, 
  i like how you placed the most important news in the beginning :d, 
  a homerun, 
  never heard of ( za ) check ( owa\u0107 ) ( za ) book ( owa\u0107 ) on the other hand . 
  brest was polish ( taken by russians when they divided us alongside germany ) . 
  also belarus became a country in the 90s so it 's impossible from a logical point of view . 
  damn . 
  is he merkel then ? 
  they were always our buddies . 
  we share a lot of history ( and i think kings too ) even when hungary was allied with hitler , they refused to attack poland from the south , which made adolf mad and led to a lot of polish people running away there . 
  they got a weird language  budapest is beautiful blood in the water match ( fuck those commies ) some nice food there 's f1 race on hungaroring ferenc puskas, 
  our pm is like merkel in a suit . 
  you really do n't want him . 
  and he 's not a bad one . 
  finished his 2nd dakar on the 15th place . 
  to be honest koszulka means also shirt , 
  it really depends on the history teacher . 
  but it 's often just how everyone else was bad to us for no reason . 
  it 's black and white . 
  germans were bad , swedes were bad , turks were bad ( but they had some honor so it ' s ok ) , austrians were bad , russians were ( and are ) very fucking bad , ukrainians were bad , napoleon was a cool guy , but later france ( and britain were cowards ) . 
  there 's a lot of criticism regarding polish nobles though . 
  to be honest we are taught to base our pride of basically every period of history  and the commonwealth is often reffered to just as polska ( lithuania just came along ) . 
  [ here , have this reward ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctdanryqfpr67ugyqemtqrfrr8jd4vmw8vfegp5u_cgpfm-j-fv ), 
  frankenstein 's monster from the side ? 
  sunspear or some other dorne city probably . 
  i ' ve been 5 days in stockholm and only 1 in copenhagen . 
  both were pretty cool , but i prefer copenhagen . 
  it ' s hard to explain . 
  stockholm seemed way too hmm sterile and did n't have this unique soul of the city feeling . 
  do n't worry swedes . 
  i liked stockholm more than oslo , 
  it looks great . 
  i love statistics , 
  they should n't be allowed if they wo n't recognize the armenian genocide first . 
  it 's more dynamic , although it feels less tactical then nfl + the lack of passing forward/quarterback is a little annoying , 
   the european population is n't going to die out even with a birth rate of 1.3 according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sub-replacement_fertility ) to sustain a population you need 2.1 children born per woman . 
  average for european union is 1.59 . 
  end of story , you 're wrong . 
  you can deny it all you want , but europe as we know is coming to an end . 
   you do n't sound white . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  is there a certain way that a white man should think ? 
   dreaming of jihad , are we ? 
  exact opposite . 
  jihad will happen if we do n't try to integrate and educate immigrants . 
   either way , you make me want to put on a hugo boss outfit and `` do something about it '' . 
  oh , so i make you want to kill people . 
  good to know who i 'm talking to . 
   i 'm talking about nationalism as the opposite of globalism and open borders . 
  you do n't understand the true consequences of unchecked globalism and open borders . 
  ok . that 's a topic for a different discussion then . 
  is it better to integrate or to keep your country `` closed up '' ? 
  i see it like this . 
  there are two main options : 1 . 
  you can try opening up and educating others . 
  it 'll cost you , but it might benefit you in the long run . 
  you can stay behind your patrolled borders . 
  you 'll have a comfortable life and maybe even your children will be happy with theirs , but in the long-term people are fucked , the country will just crumble . 
  it 's a rather selfish way of living . 
  woah , man that 's some heavy bullshit that you wrote . 
  let 's start with saying that population of europe is dying out . 
  we 're not having enough kids - simple as that . 
  some time ago i 've heard that estonia reached a point of no return . 
  if countries like for example germany want to exist in the future they need to take in some immigrants . 
  therefore , multicultural population in europe is the only possible way to prolong our existence . 
  it 's not someone 's dream of * `` afro-eurasian '' * population , it 's a necessity . 
  there 's nothing you can do about it , it 'll happen this way or another ( and you do n't want to see the other one ) . 
  the problem i have is that we should put more effort and spend way more money on integrating them into our society . 
  it 's not possible if we just keep taking everyone in huge numbers . 
  as to destroying nationalism , i really hope it happens . 
  i 'll leave this quote here for you : * `` every miserable fool who has nothing at all of which he can be proud , adopts as a last resource pride in the nation to which he belongs ; he is ready and happy to defend all its faults and follies tooth and nail , thus reimbursing himself for his own inferiority . '' *, 
   because leaving people to die is not a fucking opinion , its a crime i think the biggest problem is some people just ca n't accept the fact that you are not able to help every single person that needs help . 
  however bad it may sound , you need to choose . 
  if you try saving everyone , you 're not gon na save anyone and you might even need help yourself . 
   danzig was inhabited mostly by germans ? 
  it was mostly inhabited by germans just before the 2nd world war . 
  the [ history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_gda%c5%84sk ) is more complicated . 
  there 's always a question - how far back should we go . 
  for a long time gdansk was a very autonomus city ( and one of the richest in europe , 15th to 17th century ) . 
  it 's population consisted mostly of dutch , polish and german merchants that did n't care about any country affiliations . 
  they just wanted the money , but imo gdansk is historically more polish than german . 
  that 's exactly why i hate those kind of map posts . 
  digging in history always leads to conflicts . 
  there 's always someone taking this maps seriously . 
  `` pussies '' does not define our attitude towards french people . 
  out of the west europe , french are one of the most liked nations here . 
   poles are among the most bitter people in europe . 
  that 's stereotyping again . 
  there might be some truth to it , but i think it 's because the way we see it , occupation ended in 1989 . 
  we 'll get over it eventually , but it 's not going to be in this generation .
