  some people get offended for no apparent reason . 
  there 's really no proof that hitler knew about the holocaust , so what 's the problem here ? 
  sure , people ca n't kill each other . 
  guns do it . 
  so it 's actually : 1 . poland 2 . poland 3 . poland, 
  i think that it 's not always about politics or tolerance , but just about songs ( as it should be ) . 
  i think they ignored the quality because there was none and if it was some other women singing she would end up with as much votes as uk . 
  it was a bad song , same as ours and most of the others . 
  oh , you mean the [ fuck you kids version ] ( http://lh4.ggpht.com/-bj9_veydapc/shhh1kxhs5i/aaaaaaaai8s/unosnpq9gvu/dsc_8679.jpg ) ? 
  are n't we all ( people of reddit ) like this ? 
  more like 90 %, 
  few months ago i 've seen this quiz that showed you who would be the best pick based on your answers . 
  there were also information about how certain people voted ( on things like economy , education etc. ) . 
  can someone post this site again because i just ca n't find it ? 
  do you think the takeover of crimea was n't planned weeks ago ? 
  i wonder how assimilated are russians in estonia . 
  is it a big issue ? 
  yes , but it 's not the same thing . 
  baltic states have a lot of russian people in need of freedom . 
  so you 're saying , if nazis rejected hitler everything would be ok ? 
  the only difference between nazis and soviets was that soviets were mostly illiterate . 
  imagine the uproar if germany would start the olympics with a big swastika . 
  it 's a shame this caused no controversy . 
  this one is probably true as well . 
  wow !, 
  is namibia some kind of african paradise . 
  no one said anything about taking it back . 
  we do n't want it . 
  we get too much money from all those russians shopping here . 
  i think a person who wrote these big ass letters on the map . 
  we need more saliva !, 
   would poles do anything ? 
  germans ? 
  the first have a bad history with ukraine , i must correct you here . 
  there are some people ( mostly nationalists ) who dwell on our history , but it looks like our government is willing to support ukraine and they certainly do n't mention volhynia in public ( same as there are no politicians talking shit about germany , there 's a different case with russia though ) . 
  to be honest i 've never heard of him on a history lesson or i just do n't remember . 
  i like [ dzisiaj w betlejem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnq4_10te-o ) the most, 
  well , 1 part of my family get their gifts from saint nicholas and the second one from an angel , so i always asked people about it . 
  where i live it 's saint nicholas 9 out of 10 times , rarely a starman . 
  never heard of grandfather frost ( in poland , i know he 's popular in russia ) . 
  i guess he might be bigger in the eastern poland ( invest please ) . 
  why not lietuvija ? 
  wow , i did n't know about it . 
  it all makes sense now , 
  we call them '' [ dresy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dres ) '' in poland . 
  literally means tracksuits . 
  i ca n't find this years photos , though . 
  i do n't think it 'll be much different . 
  we do n't have any problems with russian minorities ( cause we do n't have any minorities ) here , in poland , but i 'd say the hate is still strong . 
  i do n't mind russian people , i judge them in the same as anyone else . 
  there are dumb people everywhere . 
  the government , on the other hand ... why do n't they just fucking accept what they did ? 
  what 's the purpose ? 
  i 've read/heard a numerous times that during the second world war , people preffered to be taken by nazis than soviets ( unless they 're jews ) . 
  it was basically the same ( being send to siberia meant death in the most cases ) , but germans were a bit more ( i know it sounds wrong ) civilized , while russians were mostly like the horde of animals . 
  and that 's not all to be honest . 
  several cars got burned , a lot of city property was destroyed and a policeman got hit with a molotov . 
  unfortunately it 's a typical independence day in poland and it 's getting worse and worse with every year . 
  we could use some of your cops here in poland , 
  - a lot of history between our countries . 
  - good cars - good roads - good football - good bier - the biggest power in the eu - lots of turkish people - conscientious and honest people - language . 
  let 's say it 's not my favourite , though it does n't seem that hard to learn . 
  - east/west differences . 
  you ' re stereotyping . 
  some people do think that everybody is against them and some do n't . 
  the ones that do are always the loudest . 
  brofist from poland . 
  i tried chrome and just went back straight to firefox after 2 days ( same with opera ) , which i 've been using since i got the computer . 
  yes , some polish soldiers fighting in ww2 and said that germans were much more civilised and in some cases honourable , while russians were mostly just a horde of animals . 
  unfortunatelly that 's what kids are taught in school . 
  edit : after rethinking . 
  hitler was a bad guy and it 's not up for discussion , so i ca n't agree . 
  i 'd replace the `` never '' in your last sentence , with `` ussually not '' . 
  if someone thinks russians were `` the good guys '' , i have 1 word for you , katyn . 
  well , i 'm not from krak\u00f3w , but i guess it 's still there , 
  i really did n't expect to see krak\u00f3w in there . 
  wow , is this really a question ? 
  i always answer it , unless there 's a guy with a baseball bat standing outside . 
  belgium got one of the best young teams in europe . 
  i 'll be surprised if they do n't make it to quater-finals in brazil . 
  hey , we were offered madagascar , but then wwii started ( the real reason behind it - germans wanted madagascar for themselves ) . 
  that would wipe out at least 90 % of our population . 
  popularity really depends on the region you live in . 
  i live in the north of poland and i 've never seen anyone drink ksi\u0105\u017c or piast . 
  okocim and d\u0119bowe mocne are also not that popular . 
  we drink a lot of per\u0142a , kasztelan and specjal ( i would n't recommend this one ) . 
  it 's just a joke , man . 
  does n't work in opera , chrome and ff : /, 
  i think he meant democratic constitution . 
  you should also consider that the average strength of beer varies a lot . 
  in poland it 's ussually about 5-6 . 
  well , i 'd sent it , but i guess she has at least one from poland already :d edit : pm me anyway if you want one from gda\u0144sk . 
  i thought dutch would sound more like german . 
  that was unexpected . 
  the [ actual ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqtq07gihqg ) polish one :d, 
  yeah , now tell me again it 's a free country . 
  hahah , same here . 
  `` our roads are terrible . 
  why we ca n't build them like germans ? '', 
  come on usa .
