  poor little things ca n't handle their empire long dead :'(, 
  hush now , we must all partake in today 's `` irish terrorism '' reddit circlejerk . 
  feck off with your norweigian sad face microaggressions ... god , i 'm so fucking triggered right now, 
  jokes on you . 
  i 'm unemployed . 
  here here . 
  you 'd swear it was the back bins of an abortion clinic . 
  the ghost of le pen snr . 
  you can say that again . 
  just england ? 
  socialist republic from the algarve to trondheim you ask me . 
  ireland qualifying for next year 's world cup confirmed . 
  thanks romania !, 
  who knows where these puppies are from . 
  most young people here speak it in a humorous context , taking the piss out of our schooldays . 
  there are serious uses though , like the old saying : * an bhfuil cead agam dul go dt\u00ed an leithreas * `` may your winters dance with passion '', 
  for a latvian you * really * seem to like a nearby foreign parasite who wishes to conquer . 
  lol , the huns are out in force here . 
  ca n't wait till ye 're independent btw . 
  final nail in that wretched `` kingdom '' lol . 
  `` india is british , innit , ` nd we 're off to bet those gerry ca ` nts ! '', 
  the huns are salty tonight lol . 
  ah now come on ? 
  cork should surely be included in the hurling winners zone ?!, 
  not just that other pair of wankers . 
  especially the door-to-door sales crowds . 
  now all we have to do is rehire steve staunton . 
  there are local news organisations , but they tend to focus more on things like gaa results and ads for window cleaning . 
  the media in ireland almost exclusive resides in middle-class dublin brackets . 
  this [ one ] ( https://m0.joe.ie/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/s_37_803__mcdonaldsbaby1.jpg ) . 
  do you mind if i cross the border from cork ? 
  allegedly is the right word . 
  the glitz of the tech/finance sector in dublin is no reflection of the vast majority of ireland . 
  most of ireland has the economy of northern england ( with nicer scenery ) . 
  travel down to the local social welfare inspector 's office . 
  there is a huge undercurrent of relative poverty that exists in ireland , that never gets much mention . 
  `` twas better to die ` neath that irish sky than at sulva or sud el bar '', 
   i guess `` real '' germans forgot what they did during the 30s and 40s . 
  the vast majority of germans alive today were n't even born at the end of ww2 . 
  this vast majority has nothing to ` forget ' . 
  maybe he/she lives in an area with high numbers of muslims ? 
  jobstown to foxrock is only a 20 minute drive . 
  they know that they 'll return home to people making excuses for them ( see : comment you replied to ) . 
  we 're with you , my atlantic island friend !, 
  890 for a hovel in cabra :(, 
  berlin will never be as gloomy and desolate as a small town in cork . 
  centuries of cronyism and catholicism tends to do that . 
  word on the street here in ireland is that there 's many a job in them currywurst hills . 
  i , for one , welcome our new portuguese overlords . 
  fuck it lads , i 'm signing on the disability . 
  me and my girlfriend are paying nearly double the average rent in * fucking berlin * to reside in a one bedroom apartment in a small irish town . 
  its absolutely crazy here . 
  je suis irlandais , et j' aime la carte ... ... ... flows off the tongue . 
  a disproportionate amount of german flairs seem to pop up on the defensive whenever things like sharia/islamism/the burkha etc are being discussed . 
  '' comment is free : the only reason these poor , oppressed muslim victims commit these `` crimes '' is because of the evil white society they live in . '', 
  amazing . 
  the same organisations/people who rightfully call out historical revisionism in the subject of the holocaust , will actively peddle the myth that sub-saharan black africans were a historical , prominent part of european life . 
   if people had cared for the native working class then brexit would never have happened oh 100 % . 
  also , if people had cared for the native working class then mass immigration would never have happened . 
  as the prophet would have wanted . 
  there are still relatively nice parts of britain , honestly . 
  plenty of rural areas , scotland , wales etc have very low rates of islam/pakistanis . 
  to this day , the `` muslamic ray guns '' lad is still mocked and derided , when in reality he was clearly saying `` rape gangs '' . 
  the higher echelons of british society , the average middle class guardian writer ... ... fuck it , dear i say reader , does n't give a flying fuck about white ( ie . 
  native ) english lower/working class people . 
  ... . . or at your local leather bar . 
  stephen gately making that list was absolute madness , and a pathetic pr move by rte in the wake of his death . 
   proof that no matter who you are or what your background is , there will always be people who will vilify you . 
  this guy is a bleedin indian gay guy . 
  he could be a fucking purple-skinned alien from venus , nothing excuses the cunt 's classist , anti-poor politics . 
  and the options in ` the south ' * are a lot more loose , basically every party here in ireland have in recent years come out in support of the lgbt community . 
  leo still shows his true nature , and embraces the fg vultures . 
  * i really hate using that term , there is no south or north . 
  only ireland . 
  him and trudeau on the thumbnail is extremely appropriate ... ... nothing but a capitalist stooge , a typical blueshirt who despises the poor and hides behind his sexuality to mask his classism . 
  him being there in belfast is nothing but a pr bluster ... . he loves the lgbt alright , as long as their mammies and daddies vote for the right party and are in the right bracket of income . 
  no matter what the chemical realities , when you 're making love with your woman on the regular ( contraception free ) , 4-6 babies are bound to follow . 
  there are three things certain in life : death , taxes , and a german flair downplaying and attempting whataboutery in a thread about islamic terror attacks . 
  ghost division is such a cracking tune . 
  my aunt has lived in birmingham for over 30 years , and i 've visited her four times in the past ten years . 
  she lives near small heath ... ... i 'd really argue that it is a pretty horrible place . 
  it 's a very sad day when these nonsense terms seep across the atlantic . 
  cuck , alt-right , libtard ... ... its bad enough when a yank says it , but when it gets thrown around by non-americans it 's extra-cringey . 
   melania trump a fine young slovakian woman . 
  i was n't defending them , i was more making fun of the relative weakness of the argument `` you 're a nazi '' . 
  you 're a nazi . 
  * argument won *, 
   because nationalism is already cancer . 
  absolute bollocks to be honest . 
  i 'm proud , and lucky to be part of the same culture , land and people as my ancestors before me , and will pass on the same history , culture and pride to my own children . 
  i have a great interest and love in my people 's ( ie . 
  the irish ) history , literature , music and mythology , and therefore consider myself a nationalist . 
  to blanket claim all nationalism as simply cancer is more a reflection of what you think of your own people 's history than a reflection on nationalism itself . 
  i 'm from a catholic background , and me and my girlfriend ( who 's german ) want to have a large family in the future . 
  it 's nothing to do with religion really , maybe more cultural . 
  they are actually , the limerick `` u-21 panel '' . 
  i would n't worry about them , they 're shit . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/97583384@n08/35779791012/in/album-72157683640276843/ this image is linked at the bottom of the comments . 
  i 'm 99 % sure ( open to correction ) that the polish , czech and russian flags can be seen . 
  i 'd imagine the numbers for some of these extremist groups is low these days , they 'd probably take an indian and his cat .
