i do n't think we 're over it yet to be honest , and probably never will be ( not for the next few generations anyway ) . 
  i notice that if you were even to ask a person who swings sf , labour , aaa etc. 
  that there is always a slight preference either way , usually stemming from the traditional perception of the parties ( ff for the rural workers , social housing etc. ... ... fg for the ` big farmers ' , upper classes ) . 
  wait , you 're using a ` russian ' flag ? 
  i thought you guys were a colony of germany . 
  only if you get the smiths to reform . 
  basically every town here in ireland has a lidl and/or aldi . 
  some blueshirts seem to be so surprised that this government has been met with a massive lashing . 
  over on r/ireland , there 's a good comment from someone from tipperary town , setting out just how grim the place has got ( and it sure as hell has ) , and the irony of seeing massive fg `` keep the recovery going '' poster draped over abandoned buildings . 
  in my own home town ( mitchelstown ) , things are still really tough ... ... and this is the case for countless towns , communities and areas across the country . 
  massive swathes of society have n't felt an inch of this `` recovery '' , i know more people under 30 on tus or jobbridge jobs than in real employment , the mental health services are still dire , it goes on and on . 
  no shock at all at these results . 
  christmas in cologne . 
  roadtrips in ireland . 
  sun holidays in spain ( bit of a guilty pleasure !, 
  like most sane people , i 'm obviously disgusted by the actions of the pira during the troubles . 
  but only paying attention to their atrocities and conveniently white washing the other side is n't the way to go . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:people_killed_by_the_ulster_defence_association https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:people_killed_by_the_ulster_volunteer_force https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:people_killed_by_security_forces_during_the_troubles_ ( northern_ireland ), 
  jesus , that could have done some damage . 
  for us irish , you 're shane long-cannon fodder . 
  a bit like your home country of russia . 
  rubbish is n't it ? 
  i hope that people remember shit like this in the ballot box . 
  i would have said wolfe tone or paul mcgrath myself , but collins is a worthy inclusion !, 
  i 've been to 31 of the counties of ireland , all except meath ... ... really need to head up there . 
  he 's interested in his own truth . 
  u/problemy is an islam/terrorist apologist , such evidence and facts mean nothing to him . 
  here we go ... ... `` bu-bu-but muh crusades !!!! '', 
  ireland and portugal : fighting it out to be the most irrelevant . 
  the mad drivers with uk-reg cars finally took over . 
  `` brits '' . 
  username and flair checks out, 
  piss off west brit . 
  one team in ireland . 
  a few months ago i chanced across [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5765988/ ) on netflix and decided to give it a gawk . 
  i honestly had never heard of anything to do with these groups , its a really fascinating subject . 
  here in ireland , loads of towns have turkish barbershops . 
  why do turks who move abroad tend to drift into this industry ? 
  what 's the mood surrounding your football team at the moment ? 
  what does the average turk think of the armenian genocide ? 
  if i visit turkey but not istanbul , where should i go ? 
  same , and i 'm in a tiny town in rural ireland . 
  gawker was a shit pit of speculation and vulgar tabloid trash . 
  you have niko novokocic . 
  keep calm and ... and ... huh , i just realised that nothing of relevance , even enough to reference , has ever happened in slovenia . 
  interesting article . 
  my girlfriend is german , and i 've visited home with her a few times . 
  i 've found that germans have a ( slightly patronising ) view of ireland as a boisterous , jolly land of underdog rogues . 
  as an aside , i 've had a few occasions where germans were slightly frosty upon hearing english ( in what might be construed as an english accent ) , but completely changed their demeanour when i make it clear that i 'm irish . 
  and anyone who speaks out against it is hounded down by leftists . 
  was shocked i did n't see a mini picture of tuomas holopainen tbh . 
  a normal , everyday italian spot would have prices similar to that , while fancy places would have double that price . 
  here in ireland , eating out is very dependent on your income . 
  middle class and up would hit the italian restaurants or the beefhouse a few times a week , while us plebs make do with a weekly chipper/chinese/indian . 
  once a week would be the standard for the ` big shop ' , and a few runs during the week . 
  i often consume frozen meals . 
  they seem to be most popular among big families and lonely single men . 
  i wholeheartedly believe that its very affordable to eat healthy here ( the german brothers often have good deals on the f&v ) . 
  no offense , but i found irish food ( especially dairy-based products and meat ) to be superior to american stuff . 
  the ira had nothing to do with catholicism , but go ahead and link the two to satisfy your warped views . 
  and by the way , trying to use a minor incident in the fourth century to justify centuries of british terrorism in ireland is low , even for an englishman . 
  idiots is the only word . 
  zero understanding of anglo-irish relations , or the context of the troubles ( also never seem to bring up loyalist terrorism in the same argument , mind ) . 
  as is well known , ireland invaded britain many centuries ago and utterly decimated british culture , development and people . 
  ireland also undertook centuries worth of brutal terrorism against innocent british civilians , and planted thousands of irish settlers in northern england to maintain a regime of suppression and injustice . 
  when britain actually fought back a tiny bit , the irish ( stuck up their own arses and full of prejudice ) decided to try to claim that the british were the bad guys and the agitators . 
  ah now , bishop daly would n't appreciate that carry on . 
  this article , and a few others i 've seen tend to refer to him as `` daly '' , despite being a bishop . 
  would n't using his correct religious title be the right way to address him ? 
  hey now , they do a lot !, 
  i came across a checkpoint outside caherconlish back in 2010 . 
   anglo easy now ... 
  the amount of idiots ( coincidentally almost * always * middle class 18-25 years olds ) on social media who constantly drone on about the oppression of blacks and ` minorities ' * in ireland is insane . 
  * oddly enough , never travelers, 
  the ring of kerry drive : a beautiful road route going through lovely little towns like waterville and sneem , and encompassing some of the most beautiful scenery in the country . 
  the killarney national park is probably the highlight . 
  achill island : tucked up on the outer reaches of ireland , even europe , this beautiful hive of scenery , surfing and ( if you 're lucky ) sun is one of last true traditional irish destinations . 
  the old famine-era village and the hidden beach at keem are the highlights . 
  tipperary town : this wonderfully maintained little treat is off the beaten track , but a true gem . 
  some of the nicest people and urban scapes the country has to offer , a week or two in tipp will make you fall in love with both the fresh munster air and the shadow of the galtees . 
  highlights include the canon hayes recreation center . 
  optimistic . 
  de valera was n't stupid enough to risk at worst a german invasion , at best many thousands of irish killed in bombing raids and combat . 
   the ira killed fewer civilians than their loyalist counterparts . 
  oddly never mentioned ... . 
  even more . 
  during the troubles , the ira killed 723 civilians ( including ireland and britain ) , compared to unionists killing 878 civilians and the british armed forces 187 . 
  huge numbers . 
   irish republican and irish unionist terrorism one of the first times ever on reddit ( impressive considering the oddly high occurrence of the ira popping up in threads ) that i 've ever seen loyalist terrorism mentioned ( outside of the irish subs ) . 
  `` give the correct result this time . '', 
  they did it several times , but the vast majority of ira actions were targeting what they saw as installations of the british government ( soldiers , police stations , political assassinations etc. ) . 
  very rarely did they kill for the sake of killing ( i 'm including their actions * everywhere * now , not just mainland britain . 
  everyone born in northern ireland is entitled to an irish passport , not just republicans/nationalists . 
  we 're all part of jackie 's army !, 
  we 're all off to italy !, 
  ireland !, 
  i 'm quite fond of nightwish ... ... not only that , but we are not only playing sweden in the first game , but also look to be direct competitors for the 3rd place spot . 
   sorry ireland . 
  too messy to delete you fuck it , as long as we some of that $ $ $ $ $ $ $, 
  lol at the salty brits responding to you .
