you get 70 % of your last salary for 2 years after being fired . 
  is there any upper limit on this ? 
  for example , if someone gets let go from a job earning 200k a year , will they get 140k in benefits for two whole years ? 
  ah it still goes every bloody three minutes !, 
  i have no sympathy for anyone who gets the 46a . 
  have you tried the 17a lately ? 
  jesus christ it 's woeful . 
  you 're not entirely correct about the buses . 
  there are plenty of routes that go between suburbs rather than just in and out of town . 
  they just tend to be low frequency and take a long time to get anywhere . 
  dublin bus is having financial issues atm too , so it 's not likely to improve any time soon . 
  in case you 're serious , check [ here ] ( https://www.agriculture.gov.ie/agri-foodindustry/marketsupports/othermarketsupportschemes/eucharitycheesescheme/ ) . 
  if you live outside cork , loais , dublin , waterford or sligo , you 'll have a bit of a trek . 
  the government will help you if you 're poor , so long as you live beside one of those towns . 
  it 's certainly not handed out to people who use public transport in ireland . 
  from what i know , both charities and designated `` stores '' distribute the cheese . 
  a commercial food distribution warehouse down the round from me hands out the free cheese for all of dublin . 
  it 's only meant to be for people who are actually poor , but i do n't know if you have to apply for it , or if you can just go and get some . 
  i 'd say it also depends on the sector you 're working in . 
  if you 're in any sort of job related to tech you 're probably alright , but the job market is still rough for a lot of people . 
  it 's called the great famine btw . 
  sure , because we 've no idea what it 's like to get invaded ... 
  i do n't think there are many people who * want * a long commute . 
  it 's generally a cost thing . 
  further from the city -  cheaper rents . 
  what if you cycle or take public transportation ? 
  what about traffic ? 
  the vast majority of workplaces in most countries do n't have company shuttles . 
  and even a lot of those that do do n't count it as work time . 
  where the hell do you live that someone would n't find a job after getting wrongfully terminated ? 
  paris is a big city . 
  i 'm sure this wo n't stand against her when she 's looking for a new job with any decent company . 
  well there 's far more redheads here than there are in most places . 
  i think we 're second for redheads per capita after scotland . 
  we have n't even had our independence for 100 years yet . 
  i 'd say it 's just that being colonized is still pretty fresh . 
  in fairness , i went to a catholic school ( some of the teachers were nuns ffs ) but i was n't taught creationism . 
  we were taught about evolution in biology and the religion teacher tried to say that evolution was all thanks to god or whatever . 
  meh , i 'm irish and i really liked it !, 
  people seem to be very divided on it , and it 's hard to tell when politics are influencing discussion . 
  nah it 's a total scam . 
  they 're deliberately trying to get around the new regulations . 
  and it 's different to how their plans used to work . 
  the problem with it is that you use up your 2gb first , even if you 're at home . 
  so if you use more than 2gb in the month you 're travelling , before you leave the country , you then have no data to use in other eu countries . 
  it 's a total scam to try and get around the new rules . 
  with the way they 've butchered the spelling they wo n't get shite back, 
  i think it 's pretty common to refer to ireland as the republic to distinguish between the north and the geographical island and all that . 
  i do it too !, 
  but it 's not really like the french republic , because the name of the state is n't officially the `` republic of ireland '' . 
  it 's literally just ireland . 
  yeah , avoca , knockbridge and ashbourne . 
  never had a problem finding parks/public areas there either . 
  considering 40 % of the population lives in the greater dublin area , a lot of people have decent access to parks . 
  is there though ? 
  there 's lots of small parks around town and i was never far from a park in finglas/santry and now in sandyford . 
  maybe i 've just been lucky with the areas i 've lived in , but i 've never lived more than five minutes walk from a park . 
  oh honestly i never thought about that . 
  i guess it 's possible . 
  i think it 's more likely that there 's a lot of foreign investors buying cash though . 
  if you check out daft , there does n't seem to be a whole lot on sale . 
  certainly not family homes either . 
  so if the market has mainly apartments and other property that would make good rentals , i guess it makes sense that there are more cash buyers . 
  except the banks have already exceeded that limit and have actually given out 100 % mortgages . 
  not to mention that a lot of property purchases last year were in cash . 
  cash buyers make up half of property purchases now . 
  i 'm sure things could be worse , but thinking that the central bank has done a good job at this is na\u00efve . 
  then i honestly do n't know how you could possibly think that there has n't been a supply problem ever since the construction stopped . 
  sure , it 's significantly worse now , but even at the height of the recession it was n't easy to find somewhere to rent . 
  any ghost estates that were in dublin ( which were n't common ) were in shitty areas where no one wanted to buy . 
  and since lower earners were n't given mortgages during the recession , even when they could afford them , those houses were left empty . 
  they 've been let out successfully for years . 
  the original beacon apartments were finished about ten years ago and never had a problem letting . 
  the ones closer to the luas were finished in 2011 iirc and neither of those blocks had any issues letting . 
  the two beds are letting for nearly 2k a month . 
  given the average wage is around 35k , it does n't exactly make them affordable either . 
  even during the recession it was difficult to find somewhere to rent in dublin . 
  mouldy tiny one beds off parnell street were letting for 500 quid a month in 2009 . 
  i 'm just going to assume you bought property a while ago or something because anyone who 's been renting in the past five-ten years will tell you that we never had an excess of supply in dublin . 
  there 's only one block in sandyford that 's a skeleton , and it 's an office block . 
  all of the other apartments have been let out quite successfully with a very good occupancy rate . 
  i presume you have n't been involved in buying a house or renting recently ? 
  tell me how we do n't have a shortage when rents are above their 2007 peak but wages are n't ? 
  house prices are already getting ridiculous and rent is now higher than it ever has been . 
  why the hell would they employ people who do n't have an inherent legal right to work in ireland , when there 's lots of highly skilled locals ? 
  the majority of the employees in facebook ireland are from ireland or the eu . 
  dat generalisation though . 
  pretty certain we only hate them when we 're playing them in football . 
  other than that , they 're a great bunch of lads . 
  you say humanity , but is n't this really just an american phenomenon ? 
  basically everyone i know is atheist , but we all just call it christmas . 
  no need to get your knickers in a twist . 
  keep in mind , some parts of europe are very homogenous , so it 's christmas to the majority of us . 
   i 'm an actual irishman as much as you are except you 've said yourself you 're half scottish . 
  but you 're actually american . 
   it is often said that boston is a more irish city than dublin by who , people from boston ? 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  but whatever you 've got to tell yourself to feel special ... 
  i mean , i 'm * literally * irish ( as in a citizen , born and raised ) and i would refer ( incorrectly ofc ) to the uk as england . 
  also ,  true irishman  is american,
