  it 's totally cool !, 
  very few people outside ireland are aware of it at all . 
  we normally refer to it as irish . 
  unless you 're saying it as gaeilge !, 
   every native population suffers that 's zero justification for what was basically genocide . 
  not to mention that some other population directly benefitted from it . 
  it 's deplorable to try and excuse it . 
  you 're literally trivializing hundreds of years of oppression of native people by a foreign occupier . 
  sure , it 's a complicated issue , but you must understand how it reeks of imperialism when you claim that the british did more harm than good when they repeatedly massacred the native people right ? 
  you ca n't reasonably deny that the british commited atrocities here . 
  but if you really want to just ignore hundreds of years of history then i 'm done with this , because this wo n't be remotely constructive in any way . 
  are you serious ? 
  you should educate yourself on both cromwell and the famine . 
  cromwell killed about 40 % of the population . 
  and you realise those landlord were put there by the british right ? 
  they were n't irish landlords . 
  they were british . 
  my goodness you 're salty about this are n't you ? 
  your country already massacred us more than once and took more land than it should have . 
  you do n't have to be so defensive about it . 
  i just figured since you were being so pedantic , i 'd correct you on your mistake . 
  but it 's quite clear from your language that you have no interest in recognizing the state properly . 
  it 's just ireland by the way . 
  not the republic of ireland . 
  the official name for the state has always been ireland . 
  btw , it 's not the republic of ireland . 
  since you 're so concerned with official names and whatnot . 
  the states official name is ireland . 
  it is my language if i want it to be . 
  so is france and german and any other language i happen to learn . 
  different cultures should be celebrated . 
  i would n't call dropping programmes to keep our language alive social progress . 
  none of the parties here would support that though . 
  earlier in the week was disgusting . 
  25 degrees ? 
  i 'm not built for that shit . 
  the rain yesterday was great . 
  sure , it 's not like it 's outside the eu or anything . 
  if you 're from europe you still get the free travel perks . 
  but for instance , a visa for ireland does n't grant you access to the schengen zone . 
  ireland ( and the uk ) are n't in the schengen zone either !, 
  that wo n't work with flat planes of glass , they 'd have to be curved . 
  we got chu boo, 
  in fairness , the song was a bit meh . 
  and there 's so many good songs this year !, 
  not to mention , it 's the jury votes , so it should n't be based on politics at all . 
  he even had crotch jangle sparkles !, 
  robbed !, 
  montenegro was robbed !, 
  he had a skirt that he ripped off . 
  spinning hair . 
  nipples . 
  what more do people want ?? 
  you just want to win so you can steal the crown from us ... 
  i 'm onto you !, 
  my family is actually from dundalk , fite me ira !, 
  oh that must be it !, 
  i 'm from dublin myself and the majority of my friends are from somewhere around leinster !, 
  idk man , i would call both football . 
  if i needed to clarify i 'd probably just say gaa for gaelic football . 
  i 've never heard anyone call it soccer unless there was an american in the conversation . 
  it definitely was . 
  but we 're really bad at making a big deal out of anything really . 
  we do n't celebrate our independence to the extent other nations do either ( i totally understand why , given the troubles ) . 
  are you seriously trying to justify ignoring genocide because `` everyone did it '' ? 
  it 's important for people to learn about the murkier parts of world history . 
  not to blame anyone or any nation , but so that we 're all aware of how easily it can happen and as a reminder that it 's completely deplorable . 
  aaaah , i always liked that idea . 
  i do n't actually drink myself , so i had n't noticed the absence of it i guess . 
   within limits you can request specific tests on your blood , say iron levels do you not need a certain iron level to donate blood in italy ? 
  or do they just not tell you unless you ask ? 
  here , after you fill out the forms , you 're immediately taken for a test to check your iron levels . 
  you get told what it is and you 're sent away if it 's not high enough . 
  ireland here : * free food and drinks - generally chocolate bars and sugary drinks , ~ ~ though we can get guinness too if i 'm not mistaken ~ ~ * certain rewards for reaching milestones e.g. 
  a pin/badge for donating 10 times * free pencils and stationary with your blood type on them ( pretty certain this is the main reason i remember my blood type ... ) * you do n't have to pay for blood transfusions up to the amount you have donated in the past . 
  so if you donate 2 litres of blood , you wo n't be charged for the first 2 litres of blood if you need a transfusion . 
  jesus christ what do you get at starbucks ? 
  i get the largest cappucino they have with an extra shot and it 's only 3.50 or something ? 
  think americanos are a little less ... not by much though . 
  like ... 
  i 've never actually seen anything over a fiver on their menu . 
  i was thinking this too . 
  i completely understand lumping the uk and ireland together . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  but we 're culturally very different to france . 
  as has been pointed out , there 's a big difference between believing in god and being religious . 
  from my group of friends i met in college , only really two are religious . 
  one girl goes to mass as much as she can , and is generally quite catholic . 
  one other girls goes to mass every now and again . 
  my friend who i think has the strongest belief in god only goes to mass at easter , etc. 
  she identifies as a catholic , and says that she believes strongly in the catholic religion . 
  now , the rest ( say 15 or so people ) are not outwardly religious . 
  but i do n't think they 're atheist either . 
  out of all of us , only two of us have ever admitted to being atheist . 
  my point is that i think it 's a difficult question . 
  a lot of us here are n't very religious , and in fact , detest the church to some extent . 
  but when questioned , a lot of non-religious people seem to believe in some sort of god . 
  also , all the grannies . 
  seriously . 
  it 's amazing .
