  perhaps the solution should be to criminalize killing the child out of the country . 
  but i guess abortions would then end up as miscarriages when travelling , so not much would change . 
  hahaha , that 's even better than his eurovision video , which was my favourite so far . 
  i approve of this thread . 
  it 's a very nice tradition . 
  we do something similar with [ firetrucks ] ( http://dvdvinica.hr/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/blagdan-sv.-florijana-na-vinici-8.jpg ) in slovenia ( picture is croatian , so they do it too ) . 
  saint florian , the patron saint of firemen is incredibly popular . 
  religious people are not thankless towards their doctors . 
  god is supposed to be first in all things , so i think this opinion of thankless christians is born out of a cognitive issue because people might see the doctors being thanked second and assume negatively based on that . 
  i understand it is hard for a non-religious person to comprehend how that makes sense but it 's an unfair observation . 
  that 's not my experience . 
  one of them pointed out his former girlfriend , who starred in a locally popular movie . 
  super interesting . 
  priests are people like everyone else . 
  the church does n't deem itself morally superior . 
  the point is in recognizing everyone is weak and only then can one begin working on improving oneself . 
  the church also does not judge , no more than you or me walking down the street would look at a situation transpiring through our own lens and make a moral judgement by ourselves . 
  that 's completely uncalled for . 
  so no secret balloting , because towing the party line takes precedence over allowing a representative to decide by his conscience ? 
  this is one of the reasons why the leaders we elect are so shallow , they know in advance they ca n't hold opinions independent of their party , regardless if that 's disagreeing with civil unions in a centrist party or agreeing with them in a right party . 
  i think there should definitely be a tax on being childless of your own choice . 
  a pretty hefty one at that . 
  finally . 
  it would make things a ton easier . 
  we barely cracked top 10 , i 'm gon na need a few shots to get over the disappointment . 
  ireland is an english speaking country however , there should be no shortage of priests from africa or indeed other european nations ( should the need arise ) . 
  the priest at the ministry tending to students in my city studied in ireland f.e. 
  but there 's also less of a need for priests with fewer people attending mass and many duties can be put on the lay people . 
  i do n't think this will be an actual problem in years to come . 
  rigged vote . 
  i needed about 5 mins from reading about it to completing the subscription . 
  quality is okay , nothing excessive but not bad . 
  it 's hard to imagine me not staying as a permanent customer . 
  the content is more than i expected , compared to stuff like hbo go and derivatives . 
  every country should oppose the murder of its unborn citizens . 
  i do n't see how a chapel made of skulls is `` overly '' anything , while santa muerte is a blasphemous practice mildly rooted in catholicism that is sternly opposed by official channels . 
  but , the jew told us to drink his blood ... 
  early election results are 52.34 % `` for '' and 47.66 % `` against '' . 
  edit : first partial ( 30 % of the vote counted ) shows 60.64 % `` against '' and 39.36 % `` for '' . 
  turnout not determined yet , could be smaller rural areas reporting first . 
  edit ** : turnout being reported an extremely low 28 % . 
  if this is not erroneous , the 60 % `` against '' will not pass the quorum of 20 % total eligible voters . 
  edit *** : turnout now reported at 33.21 % . 
  after 80 % of counted votes , `` against '' is leading 62.51 % with 37.49 % `` for '' . 
  the vote will be over soon , it 's too close to call . 
  edit **** : turnout reported at 34.30 % . 
  after 88 % votes counted , against is at 324.009 votes . 
  the `` against '' campaign has strongly overwhelmed the election tonight , but they still need 20.000 more votes with the remaining 12 % of the vote . 
  edit ***** : the `` against '' campaign has reached the quorum !, 
  there will be no ssm in slovenia , according to the will of the people . 
  i had n't thought about that . 
  it 's actually 5 % higher than 2012 already , which was at 19 . xx % something at 16:00 . 
  it should end 35 % + . 
  a large enough group of mp 's had the option to call for referendums in the past , besides citizen signatures . 
  the new law , however , dictates only 40.000 signatures from citizens is accepted as grounds for referendum . 
  it 's better this way . 
  it was in [ 2012 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_family_code_referendum,_2012 ) . 
  turn out right now looking a little higher than the previous referendum , that ended with 30 % . 
  might be lower than 40 % , which really puts the against vote in some difficulty reaching the quorum , unless it 's an overwhelming against . 
  these old people built the nation whose flag you are displaying , whether you agree with their opinion or not , you should have some respect . 
  the 18-24 demographic is split 50-50 as well and i 'd wager `` against '' may prevail in it also . 
  traditional values 2 . 
  freedom of expression and religion 3 . 
  taking care of the poor, 
  the general idea of this rule is good , but it does n't have to remain written , its spirit is what matters . 
  i understand and begrudgingly accept that in my country , education is mainly state owned and as such religious education is optional , but the government does n't dabble in catholic schools and how they wish to operate . 
  receiving funding for providing education is no validation for interference . 
  the sperm can never reproduce . 
  perhaps you think that is an arbitrary line also , but i do n't think we can speak of a functional life form otherwise . 
  what is the point where you `` draw the line '' ? 
  abortion laws constantly arbitrarily draw a line . 
  sperm on its own and unfertilized eggs on its own can not create life , so that discussion is not really pertinent . 
  life begins at conception and must be protected from that point onwards . 
  it 's not quite the same gravity to compare actions you perform on your own body to actions performed on someone else . 
  i wish we had a party like this . 
  i hope the mandate from the people pushes to more than words , actual steps to change society for the better . 
  this is true , but it was not explicitly part of your comment , even as it may have been implicitly present . 
  disagreeing with the pope on a matter that belongs to the third order of truths ( f.e. 
  the death penalty ) is merely a productive disagreement , while going against the teaching authority of the magisterium is tantamount to grave sin . 
  as far as doing good in the world is concerned , of course . 
  it is god himself who wills the good of everyone . 
  however , the phrase `` people in need '' or however we may put it , has hardly been defined . 
  and if it has , we often disagree on the definition . 
  aquinas wrote of love as - willing the good of another . 
  on this specific example - ivf , having true love for one 's neighbour necessarily includes being worried about the state of their soul . 
  and such state can not be good , if they are in direct opposition to the church christ founded . 
  it is more important and it is * true love * to save souls , rather than bake cookies of acceptance for every lifestyle and being `` nice '' . 
  so you see , helping others in need is a very complex practical , moral and theological reality of the bible , but far from it being black and white in all cases . 
  from my experience , we do n't necessarily disagree ( although you will find people who hate in every religion and irreligion ) with refugees , we simply have different solutions in mind long-term . 
  i 'm not going to speak for poland now , but for my parish , for my bishop because we are currently undergoing the hardest strain compared to resources in europe . 
  even those who openly criticize and disagree are willing to do rotations with caritas to help , sacrificing of the little we have to gather aid and such . 
  we had our bishop over last night for one of these opportunities and he pointed out no one is focusing on the volunteer units melting/burning with exhaustion , or the thousands of people who are stuck inside their homes because the police can not keep refugees from spilling through the green zones and so on . 
  if you can see the other side of the spectrum and agree some degree of order must be maintained in society to function , you have already come to a point where you accept the speaking point of those who would like to see alternative solutions . 
  but i would like to stress , as one final point , that i am not personally decided on the matter , i merely wish to defend one pov from being misunderstood as completely anti-christian . 
  the truth is , it 's complicated . 
  one is a teaching of the magisterium of the church , obliged by all to follow , another is personal statements from the pope . 
  there can be no logical comparison and you ca n't extrapolate your conclusion from that . 
  i 'm sure unhelpful rhetoric about sds is helping avert infighting . 
  you are probably correct that it 's specifically related to the second part , but also while same-sex attraction is not a sin , the path to priesthood is still very complicated if you have it . 
  each case is dealt with special care in the seminary and a directive in 2005 stated homosexual tendencies should be `` conquered '' within three years after ordination to the diaconate .
