lower styria , yes . 
  terrible centralization in the other half of the country and they keep electing preposterous parties into the parliament . 
  same . 
  i actually hope that everyone gets fair treatment in my country , but perhaps your values are different from mine . 
  the ballot said that as long as the will of the voter was evident , it would be counted, 
  quite shocking statistic . 
  someone should post this to r/atheism , they 're going to have a field day . 
  haha . 
  that was great . 
  honestly , my question was about you and i 'm glad you came out on the issue . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  can we ... ask why certain candidates are not on the shortlist ? 
  time to reform empire . 
  can confirm . 
  :( although i 'm not sure what the definition of an older adult is , but i 'll be there soon . 
  have you seen protestant heaven ? 
  it 's a dreadful affair . 
  top notch . 
  no elections scheduled for a while . 
  thank god ? 
  i usually vote for sds , which is a right-wing , pro-eu and controversial party . 
  their recent stance on syria and support for safezone implementations ( both turkish and jordanian ) is an absolute deal breaker . 
  the leftists are all insane , proven failures and live in a dream world . 
  therefore , my last hope is new slovenia , whom i voted for in the eu elections because i liked their candidates better . 
  you do n't deserve the downvotes , but on reddit sarcasm is prevalent unless the title has [ serious ] in its name . 
  that 's the play on the faulty perception !, 
  austria may now rejoin our empire . 
  i do n't think they lost palmyra directly because of manpower issues ( maybe qaryatayn ) . 
  the bigger problem was incompetence , they had a numerical advantage against isis . 
  the saa is in a poor shape manpower wise , but the ndf detachments are still very numerous and they rarely , if ever rotate out of their provinces . 
  so while the supply of men may not be ample and the saa is spread thin , there is a certain strategical reserve in the manpower pool , not to mention the uncommited elite saa forces around damascus . 
  a large portion of these hypothetical fighters would also end up on the rebel side , further reducing the strategical impact . 
  is that a staropramen or do my eyes see what they want to see ? 
  austria , followed by croatia . 
  remnants and influence of the former empire are all present in my area . 
  i utterly reject your fantasy stories . 
  the resistance movement was mainly hijacked by the communist agenda and as such we had brother-brother warfare between the partisans and the white guard . 
  i am thankful for the liberation , but opposed to the way it was achieved ( extra-judicial killings in the thousands , no different than the germans ) . 
  both sides fought for what they thought was the correct vision of the homeland , both sides fought for the homeland . 
  this is what we need to reconcile around . 
  my relatives were stuck in a partisan camp after wwii , for reasons unknown to me , but some of my family were conscripted into the german army ... a partisan aunt had to save their lives using her authority . 
  as such , i see it as fantasy to claim sds as a far-right nazi organization . 
  we need to work through the agenda both the left and right wing parties want to serve us ... 
  ` tis a sad and desolate [ place ] ( http://shrani.si/f/36/gh/10zeb98c/20150712203355.jpg ) ... 
  was pleasantly surprised !, 
  apparently we may support the new german idea about a temporary 5 year exit . 
  our financial minister has said no-no to restructuring existing greek debt ( lack of trust ) . 
  can confirm . 
  still doing coursework for theology in july . 
  thank you poland , for making me feel good about one of these maps . 
  thanks !, 
  fortunately i walk for hours every day and have superb shoes . 
  i 'll pass it on to my fellow volunteers . 
  i do n't think this is my type of thing but it 's interesting listening to experiences . 
  interesting . 
  would you say this is common or ordinary ? 
  as a volunteer for this year 's wyd i am both disgusted and intrigued . 
  i 'm gon na try and do more of that . 
  start buying veggies/olive oil/pumpkin oil at the open-air market where it 's all local ( or less local ) farms . 
  i guess we have different views on what very few consists of . 
  i 'm more of a person that looks at statistics , and statistically , the number is tiny . 
  but yeah , since there 's so many churches in the world , a raw number comes out that may deceive , imo . 
  like 7/3000 in slovenia . 
  it 's closer to 3 $ in the better places . 
  3.2-4 $ for a good one . 
  sweet !, 
  thanks for these . 
  you should go in sometime !, 
  i 'm just sitting here on the outside reading reddit . 
  it 's a bit yeah . 
  that grocer sells a lot of local tomatoes . 
  there 's similar ones to these from koper that he had last summer , but these taste just as good . 
  they 're from a company in prekmurje and they 're the real deal . 
  i also like italian monte rosso tomatoes , which are 2.99 . 
  premium tomatoes are around the same price . 
  i kind of like my life too , but us humans are never satisfied . 
  great !, 
  of course the referendum was an inside job , that part of austria should be slovenian today . 
  but i 'll let it slide ... for now . 
  rock on !, 
  i 've finished what was left of my salad today . 
  gon na drop some cucumbers dead in the evening . 
  how dare you implicate the great maister in schemes !, 
  be gone oppressor !, 
  i mean , maribor was a 95-99 % german city throughout all of its time right up to the liberation at the hands of maister . 
  some name pollution is to be expected . 
  the country overall is ... reasonably religious . 
  young adults , not very . 
  i do n't really want to litter this thread with this conversation , but there 's about 30-40 theology students in maribor ( on paper ) and i 've only ever seen me and one other girl at these events . 
  they have their own mass opportunities . 
  so two students of theology out of the usual 30-50 people that have time to attend is hardly overwhelming numbers . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  but since these are student masses , the students are pretty much all gone on the weekends so there would be no community without week-days . 
  i 'm not sure why that had to be pointed out , but yeah . 
  there 's dozens of us !!!!!, 
  seriously , banning a strong worldview ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  if you want this subreddit to be an echo chamber , might as well ban all of us who are pro-life . 
  the church has always been opposed to exceptions in the case of rape . 
  conservatives may place a compromise on it , which is wrong , but you may be a conservative without being associated with the church .
