you do know that the people who sell arms and destabilize the middle east will feel aboslutely no repercussions ? 
  they continue to live in their majority white neighbourhoods enjoying their big salaries and continue to sell arms and continue to destabilize the middle east . 
  the only ones who actually get hurt from this are the regular working class natives and the well integrated immigrants . 
  \\  german \\  relevant, 
  400 years of living in europe and still not integrated ... 
  i 'm fairly sure this is bait , but i have time to waste so whatever . 
   poles are privileged - they are white to begin with . 
  that 's not fair towards blacks and muslims . 
  what exact benefit does being white give ? 
  people do n't discriminate anymore . 
  companies look at your resum\u00e9 , here , not at your skincolour . 
  it is not 1960 . 
  i know israel has lots of problems with racism but western-europe does n't . 
   what if european racism makes them not feel like they belong anywhere , and thus are forced to form ghettos because of oppression ? 
  they make these ghettos because they do n't want to assimilate , they want to stay together and be around their own culture while receiving benefits and doing nothing . 
   that 's not how multiculturalism works . 
  you ca n't point a gun at the other party and force them to assimilate yes , and multiculturalism does n't work . 
  they come here because they want to live here , so they should adopt our culture . 
  we should n't give them parts of their culture . 
  is this bait ? 
   they are disadvantaged the polish have even less benefits than the dutch , and they sure as hell are more disadvantaged than us . 
   do you know how hard it is for them to get a job in a white country ? 
  literally not . 
  all cleaners etc. 
  are black , they can work if they want . 
   they will always be outsiders because of european racism . 
  there is barely racism in western-europe anymore . 
  and they are n't outsiders because of racism , it is because they all decide to live together and do n't take on the european culture . 
   it is time we make europe multicultural no , they need to adopt to our culture , not the other way around . 
  it says : seven out of ten somalians live on welfare . 
  you made a mao and stalin comment , could you be anymore hypocritical ? 
  the area of nagorno-karabakh , an almost entirely armenian populated area , is part of azerbidjan . 
  in the past , there already were tons of initiatives taken to put the area under armenian control , but that eventually did n't happen . 
  in the late '80s , ethnic tensions rose and people would displace entire armenian and azerbidjani villages and eventually war broke out , after which the nagorno-karabakh republic became de facto independent . 
  i know !, 
  really is too good to be true . 
  delet delet delet delet, 
  delet this !, 
  traitor, 
  slava !, 
  the problem is that you do n't know which of the two it is and you should always expect the worst . 
  yes this is true , extremely left too . 
  the only right wing thing is his immigration policy , really . 
   duhh it is the current year - john oliver, 
  we used to be majority calvinist but most of the calvinists have renounced their religion and the catholics keep their religious views more often . 
  no , poland 's ball on the interactive map , 
  we stole a lot from you , lol . 
  you practically had a monopoly in india ( this is before the english ) and then we stole half your forts and trading grounds there . 
  we also stole a big part of brazil for a while , and everything you had in indonesia . 
  ah yes , the sunni slaying ( because he of course has a army of only 10 percent of his population nu sunnis to be seen ) is murdering their own supporters . 
  unlike the '' '' '' '' `` moderate '' '' '' '' '' rebels who are only moderate terrorists not full blown terrorists . 
  that is of course the reason everybody is fleeing to his zone of control from the `` moderate rebel '' 's zone of control . 
  alawites are only 10 % , his wife is a sunni and about 80 % of syria is sunni , they were n't second class citiziens . 
  true , but i do n't see al-assad murdering and opressing minorities , something i ca n't say about his opposition . 
  articles like this always remind me of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ziqdrfefbk ) , where the egyptian president makes an entire croud laugh at the idea of making every woman wear a hijab , in 1958 . 
  really shows the radicalization of islam in the past couple of decades , especially in the '80s and '90s . 
  and now , the same thing is happening in syria , where we take down another secular leader ( big part of the women in syria do n't wear a hijab , and it does n't get frowned opon . 
  al-assad 's wife does n't either ) and replace him wiht some random islamist . 
  danish sounds like you are supposed to understand it , but you do n't . 
  to be honest , i think we could 've pulled off 1,2,3,4,5,12,24,25,27 . 
  just pretend it is a alsace-lorainne thing because we used to own east frisia and 12 ^ ^ hundreds ^ ^ of ^ ^ years ^ ^ ago . 
  just wait and see , mate . 
  he is a nimble navigator . 
  well , some people in belgium think `` flemish '' is a seperate language . 
  might aswell call american and australian new languages then . 
  i already have a fix for that , just annex everything up until oldenburg . 
  england/uk brought the most prosperous colonies : usa canada new zealand australia south africa ( best in africa ) . 
  neither have you , you only have been to occupied denmark , mr. scania . 
  the dutch one is goddamn fucking awful , though . 
  did you count all of them , then ? 
  anecdotal . 
  nothing gay about fucking a man in the ass . 
  just say no homo if the balls touch . 
  the part of my comment about fighter planes was about the military value of them , which i tought you meant in your comment . 
  and i am also against the `` russia bad '' rethoric that has grown in europe for the past decades , but do you think europe can stay neutral ? 
  if europe wants to stay neutral , it has to go out of nato . 
  and if we go out of nato , the us is n't going to protect us anymore ( since relations worsen too if we leave ) . 
  so if we drasticaly decrease our army quality and quantity , and no one is going to protect us , you think there is no one going to take advantage of us ? 
  you think we can improve relations with russia and co. fast enough , or even improve them at all , so that we wo n't get invaded by them ? 
  every weak country that exists had someone looking over them , for example , when belgium revolted against the netherlands , the british were lightning fast to guarantee their independence so the dutch could n't do anything about them anymore . 
  or hell , when austria-hungary declared war on serbia , serbia had russia looking out over them , otherwise serbia would 've just gotten fucked . 
  in the yugoslav wars bosnia had nato looking over them , otherwise they would 've just gotten fucked too . 
  every weak country becomes someones bitch , this has always happend , troughout history . 
  now the eu is the us 's bitch . 
  and if you want the eu to remain weak , we will remain the us 's bitch . 
  your country is as strong as its economy and military combined ( and diplomacy to an extent but europe has that covered ) . 
  if you lose military power , you lose power in general . 
  that is why europe barely has a say in world politics and the us usually speaks for us , because we are not strong and our armies are just a division of the us army . 
  i do n't think we ever got a good minister of defense in my entire lifetime . 
  but that is what being a regional or world power equates to , a dick measuring competition . 
  your country is as strong as its economy and military combined . 
  if you lose military power , you lose power in general . 
  that is why europe barely has a say in world politics and the us usually speaks for us , because we are not strong and our armies are just a division of the us army . 
  and investing in fighter planes is good yes , the us having aerial superiority is one of the biggest reasons they beat the iraqi army so smoothly , they could just bomb the shit out of it . 
  the brits beating the germans in the battle of brittain is one of the reasons a german invasion of the british isles was prevented . 
  israel bombing the shit out of the egyptian planes before they could even get off the ground is one of the biggest reasons egypt failed their assault in the six day war . 
  but genuinely curious , why do you think it is a good idea to cut military spending even further !, 
  hahaha yes , germany should completley terminate it 's army , lets see for how long it would be a regional power , or better , lets see for how long it would exist . 
  that is why there should be a ultimatum . 
  do n't know how it is in other european countries but here in the netherlands we have a lot of those retarded parties that think you can mean anything with a shit military or even no military at all , and other parties do n't care about it enough and think they can freeboot on the us .
