  a ultimatum would wake parties up and make them realize they are not just a divisiom in the us army and that if you want to win anything and mean anything in the world you need a military . 
  or i least i hope it would . 
  us ( since lets face it , the us leads nato ) should make a ultimatum that if countries do n't make their 2.0 % on defense , they get kicked out within 3 years or something . 
  whining is n't gon na make countries ' militaries go up . 
  the dutch army is in a terrible state , and while our current minister of defense is saying that military spending must go up , nothing is going up yet . 
  ah yes , the nerves man , i would really like it if you would stop triggering me like that . 
  weird yes , since i use ublock and did n't get blocked . 
  lele dae / r/europe is le racist xdddddd, 
  this is definetly not / pol / speak , / pol/acks always openly admit that they 're racist ( if they are , of course ) . 
  the comparison with cancer was only to give a example , i could 've made an example like `` you do n't need to get punched to know it hurts '' , gives the same message . 
  you do n't need to have cancer to know it is bad for you . 
  if the slovaks look at countries like sweden and germany , they know the migrants will make them lose tons of money , will only give them trouble and destabilize the country . 
  and if you amplify this symptoms in a less economically strong country like slovakia with worse integration programs and welfare programs , i would be wary too . 
  nothing to do with racism . 
  how did you know i molest short people in my free time ? 
  indeed , and saying `` hello '' is a nice way of saying all muslims are terrorists . 
  the two seperate states of germany and austria were only since 1871 , when germany was created . 
  prussia had subjugated the second last german state , with the exception of austria . 
  after prussia beat france in 1870 , the last german states joined prussia to form germany . 
  but austria did n't join , since it was a huge and powerful state , at the time about as powerful as germany . 
  austria and prussia had been rivals since the 18th century , so austria was n't just going to join their long time rival , especially not when it had a possibility of defeating it in a war . 
  everyone i do n't like is racist . 
  you technically had the same ruling dynasty trough the hre , but after 1500ish ( and after 1648 basically no power ) the emperor barely had any power over the princes in the hre . 
  the princes all had their own dynasties too , and were regarded as independent . 
  i 'm sorry , but prussia only started trying ( and succeeding ) to unify germany after 1815 . 
  germany was made up of literally hunderds of small states , all with different leaders and dynasties . 
  prussia was n't even relevant until 1700 . 
  all the time before that , austrians just called themselfs germans . 
  an austrian is just as german as a westphallian or a bavarian . 
  yep , it is the second/third generation moroccans and turks that in general are the troublemakers . 
  they are very highly regarded here in the netherlands . 
  cheap and fast is the stereotype . 
  i never got why the word `` neger '' in dutch and `` negro '' in english are considerd offensive . 
  in the netherlands there are two theories about the origin of the word , one that it is from the portuguese word `` negro '' , meaning black , and one that it is short for `` negroid '' ( negero\u00efde ) , one of the three races of people in the world , along with `` mongoloid '' and `` caucasoid '' . 
  either way , it seems even more pc to me than for example `` black '' ( zwart ) . 
  no , it was just a shitty attempt at humor . 
  how french of you . 
  turkey should n't exist , the only reason they exist is because byzantium lost against the seljuks . 
  oil is definetly not isis 's main source of income . 
  not racist , just stupid . 
  this is a terrible argument . 
  if the majority of the population does n't want it , it should still be put in place because we have elected officials ? 
  why ? 
  he might be , it is current year after all . 
  because you are really annoying when i 'm trying to conquer as the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  the damn ustashe does exist , so they probably took you over again . 
  belgium is not real . 
  thank god for the / s , almost had me thinking you actually put them in the polish deathcamps . 
  it 's totally different , i swear . 
  this union will have visa-free travel . 
  did n't think about that did ya ? 
  standard politician , really . 
  no and no , i do n't think they will join russia , it is just the potential co-belligrents ( not actually fightng nato , jist fighting mutual enemies ) . 
  but it does n't matter and will all just be speculation , because war wo n't break out anyway . 
  best pun on r/europe award 2016 . 
  of course they would n't invade a nato state . 
  russia would n't either , it is suicidal for them too . 
  we 're just talking about scenarios that will never happen now . 
  and pakistan is n't really a us ally , they have been known to fund terrorists a lot . 
  allright , here is a list of potentials and for sures on the russian side : csto : armenia belarus kazakhstan kyrgyzstan tajikistan csto observers : serbia afghanistan iran ( so also lebanon ( hezbollah ) ) potentially because of interests : china if china joins on the russian side , india ( india has very good relations with russia ) will join on the nato side and pakistan ( maybe ) on the russian side , if china joins on the nato ( probably not , china and russia have a lot of treaties ) side , india will join on the russian side ( maybe ) and pakistan on the nato side ( maybe ) . 
  iraq , because shia like iran ( and good relations with iran ) . 
  either algeria or morocco . 
  angola might . 
  myanmar , depending on china . 
  uzbekistan might , only recently left csto . 
  vietnam might . 
  venezuela might . 
  south america will have co-belligrents , most likely argentina and peru . 
  russia can and will try to pressure its neighbours into joining ( maybe even coups ) , just like germany did in ww2 with hungary and romania , etc. 
  it is more than you think and can become many more too . 
  no , of course not , i never said that they were good just because they have a big army . 
  the turkish army is just plain good . 
  not as good as west-europe but especially comparing it to its neighbours it is very decent . 
  yes , because it will never be just a russian attack on nato , you have iran , pakistan the enitre csto , you never know what will happen and who will join . 
  because , if you actually get in a war , you want to win it . 
  you do n't want it to be a close call . 
  and that is witouth even talking about the military and geographical power and necessity of turkey . 
  and conscription . 
  people often say conscription does n't have any military value , but conscription is one of the most important reasons armenia won the nagorno-karabakh war . 
  they were vastly outgunned , vehicle and even small arms-wise , but because a huge part of the armenians completed conscription ( the azeris did too but they often received discrimination so they would be placed in constructuion battalions ) they actually managed to win . 
  if we go by a csto and associates vs nato and assoaciates war ( yes i know that is a terrible stance to go by , especially because we do n't know if the coubtries would actually join and most importantly we do n't know what china , india and pakistan would do ) then without turkey , iran , hezbollah ( i 'm saying hezbollah since hezbollah 's army is stronger than the lebanese army ) , armenia and syria ( pretending assad has full control of the country ) would walk trough whatever is in the middle-east ( inc. . saudi arabia ) , only having trouble with israel and the troops the us would probably send , and russia would have to send less troops to the middle-eastern front , then . 
  in europe , russia ( keep kalinigrad in mind , extremely militarized ) and belarus would go straight trough poland , serbia would probabky get crushed by its neighbours , and germany would most likely be the actual warzone ( also depending on what happens in scandinavia ) . 
  so turkey actually would be pretty important , and their army is n't half bad . 
  not only a strategic ally , also one of the most important with the second biggest army in nato . 
  without turkey , european nato is nothing , really . 
  nothing ? 
  you said those republics were created through ethnic cleansing , as if there were no serbian and croatian people in bosnia yet , and bosniaks were killed and serbs and croats moved in . 
  yes , of course there were things leading up to the eventual war , as always , but all the things you linked still do n't say or prove anywhere that serbs started the war . 
  the yugoslav governement of course tried preventing the rebellions etc. 
  but the eventual prolonged wars in croatia and bosnia , started because of the proclaimed serb and croat republics in bosnia . 
  that is pure nonsense , look at the yugoslav governement population in censuses < 1980 . 
  population shifted , yes , but there always was a  30 % population of serbs in bosnia . 
  i 'm not denying killings . 
  serbs commited war crimes . 
  so did albanians . 
  read this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_crimes_in_the_kosovo_war , and have your answer . 
  the thing i am denying though , is that serbs `` were kliing kosovars like a bonus stage '' , which is utter bullshit . 
  yes , ofcourse the croatians and the bosnians voted for independence , since they were the majority in their own countries . 
  however there are huge minorities in both bosnia and croatia . 
  and those minorities , serbs and croatians living in bosnia , created a country , supported by their ethnic governements .
