no but i believe you get the nationalism cb , which is extremely good . 
  you might even get away with annexing the whole lot without a coalition forming !, 
  how did poland end up with names for m\u00fcnich and aachen ? 
  well see you next year i guess, 
  akwizgran doesnt sound as cool as aachen to be completely fair , and monachium sounds like monaco in latin . 
  btw what languages are the alternate names from ? 
  put it on an island and make it a fort . 
  that way its protective , awesome and not in brussels . 
  thats pure leftover communism being left in the river . 
  we 'd be fine with it , slovenia is n't really asociated with anyone atm . 
  what did you expect honestly , its not like we 're the best of friends . 
  bosnia 2.0, 
  serbia is mini russia , personally i 'm not too fond of the idea . 
  to ja , samo grba ni . 
  we dont have a traditional one , making one is essentially just a modern/artistic take on it, 
  why secure anything when you have a war to win !, 
  ha-ha !, 
  was not expecting that slovenia would be in it . 
  `` come on in , dont worry it 's illegal , but not really . '', 
  that does n't really send the right message , does it ? 
  i wonder why ... 
  its just so puffed up and arrogant !, 
  welcome to europe, 
  germany is actualy best known for oredering a single bottle of water for the entire family at dinner . 
  jesus at least have a beer or something, 
  i read it as `` tracked missiles '', 
  this was fucking gold . 
  `` my appoligies '' as russia drags georgia and ukraine out . 
  breaking the iron curtain just so happens to be our speciality, 
  the jizra tax yes . 
  i know they stole children im from slovenia for fucks sake . 
  we suffered from them just as much as everyone, 
  compare it to a place like iraq today . 
  you think the situation was any different here ? 
  whole cities razed to the ground , chidren captured to feed the army that would do the same in 20 years . 
  every year . 
  for 100 years . 
  the ottoman empire was actually very tolerant . 
  modern turkey was less so . 
  * turks . 
  there are muslims in syria too , but you still have churches there . 
  i dont think we have separtist movement in italy and austria . 
  culture groups yes . 
  separtists no . 
  towards anyone not from switzerland as far as i 've heard, 
  discount austrians is actually pretty true . 
  made mu chuckle . 
  but italinised slavs . 
  because we literally do n't know what some things are in serbo-croatian , and trust me if you do n't know what something is and you 're allergic to it , that 's a problem . 
  that hardly counts , but , oddly enough , is true . 
  yugoslavia was a traditional friend of egypt , do relations carry over ? 
  i do n't think they do ... 
  interesting choice no doubt , but why not go with countries with more political sway ? 
  well to be fair we hate each other almost as much as we hate other people . 
  hell i 've seen a village of 20 people call itself lower and upper [ village name ] because they dont want to be associated with each other . 
  it gets better as town size increases , but then it gets to the between town level , then to the groups of towns , municipalities , small regions , regions , pokrajine ( big regions ) , neigbouring countries , countries we still have grudges against ( looking at you turkey ) , world powers and finally martians . 
  noone is safe from our passive-agressive hate that we do n't really express . 
  it all depends on the type of person you are i suppose , so in a sense you are right indeed . 
  however it 's not necesarilly eating exensive and staying at a 5 star hotel . 
  it can be a camping trip to the mountains . 
  to be fair . 
  you can go on a cheap holiday for like 50 $ if you want . 
  you just need to go out of your comfort zone , eat supermarket food and not expect luxury . 
  that is so true though . 
  its really neat for us locals though, 
  call king harlaus !, 
  22/40 some of the history ones ( kalmar union ) were easy , the poets and artisans got me though . 
  it doesnt really taste all that much like blood though ... and blood by itself is disgusting !, 
  why would you eat that ? 
  black pudding is amazing though . 
  put it in a sausage , couple it with sauerkraut and baked potatoes with pork rind and you 've got yourself the perfect winter meal . 
  i 'm quite surprised by the article linked in the other comment . 
  i was expecting countries like hungary or greece to be attending as well . 
  the article mever says which western balkan countries were present . 
  only mentions albania , italy and germany . 
  what ? 
  a cooperation of scientists from here and europe can not only increase the learning and experience exchange , but also open up new joined projects and research . 
  much better than being on our own . 
  when ? 
  the money is in the budget , more is comming through time and if you havent noticed the roads are improving . 
  if you want more money thrown at infrastucture ypu can show that at the next election . 
  and finally , i think the railroad was funded by hungary because they have a strategic intrest in koper and trst , and they can only reach them through us , so investing in oir infrastructure is bemeficial for them aswell . 
  secondly there is the election comming up and the one to start building such an important thing gets political points . 
  stuff getting done eh . 
  dont be silly . 
  we can only gain from this and money for our roads is comming . 
  i mean we are building that second rail to koper , id call that progress !, 
  wow . 
  people really dont feel safe going home at night ?!, 
  in places like germany , france , iberia ? 
  how , why ? 
  its taken for granted here . 
  how rude . 
  that sounds horrible !, 
  is there anything being done to try to bring it back ? 
  well , the less-ethnic cleansing part sounds nice . 
  i suppose we are . 
  the article says so . 
  holy shit this is some balkan level hate . 
  blame is on both britain and ireland .
