  britain is at least pertially responsible and dont try to deny it , but if the irish choose to reinvigorate the language and put some effort into their culture and identity then you would n't be having this issue in the first place . 
  i agree . 
  i highly doubt there will be a war . 
  but if it came to it then my bet would be bosnia or kosovo , those places are simply powder kegs . 
  slovenia and croatia are in no danger of a war though , first we are both in the eu and we are stable , economically sound countries with a popluation that has no intresest in war . 
  so i think ex-yugoslavia is still too broad a term to use here . 
  this is r/europe not r/slovenija . 
  this is why no one likes turkey . 
  which other nations are you refering to ? 
  what a great shining example of a country . 
  all armenians had a heart attack when they came to turkey . 
  join us in the `` kaj '' !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  also istria is included for some odd reason . 
  i think the maker of this map just looked at the `` slovenian teritory '' map from 1800 and said , '' yep these look like claims '' , while in reality those areas were once part of slovenia while now i think only one county in austria actually has a majority of slovenians living there ( like 85 % or something ), 
  did you even read my comment . 
  no , it wasnt the only way and i dont endorse it at all . 
  we got out of that clusterfuck , but we were lucky . 
  the proper way would be to cease hostilities and negotiate , but i guarantee you that would never have happened , not a chance in the world . 
  remember this wasnt a simple dispute , this issue went back all the way to before ww2 . 
  well it was n't for their own good . 
  it was for the us 's good . 
  that and they kind of attacked brakeaway ex-yugoslav countries , that had voted to leave in a popular vote . 
  but that was a somewhat different scenario . 
  the balkans are n't in a civil war with a caliphate trying to put the area back to the stone age !, 
  not to mention they were killing thousands of people . 
  the area is stable-ish and there is peace . 
  sure there are grudges , nationalistic threats and general distrust , but at least it 's recovering , syria is a shithole atm . 
  why cant russia just fucking chill it . 
  the balkans really dont need more of this crap . 
  we accept nothing but three peaks at the minimum in our flag !, 
  * triglav intensifies *, 
  german enginering . 
  to be fair , the post is reliable af . 
  you send something , its gon na get there on time everytime . 
  at least thats my experience . 
  cesar is the slovenian version ( car is the short version ) . 
  and yeah it is a really cool name, 
  we ( slovenia ) adress it as carigrad , though istanbul is still used , it is not the official translation and is actually not preffered . 
  i think the other slavic countries do n't use that name anymore though , can anyone confirm ? 
  are you serious ?!, 
  that sea zone is to guarantee us access to international waters , its not like you lack sea . 
  you freaking signed it when you were playing nice to get into the eu !, 
  not to mention you had fucking wires on the slovenian government , you do like to forget that bit . 
  jokes on you , nogomet is the official word , everyone says fuzbal ( read the same as german , just replace the sharp s with a half z ), 
  ok but you 're learning a language you use . 
  imagine if for some reason people decided that you must learn and use ancient celtic illyrian . 
  of course you would resent it . 
  we have '' \u017eive naj vsi narodi '' whuch means long live every nation . 
  do we win ? 
  a lot has changed in the last 15 years . 
  the difference is actually huge, 
  we can into central < 3, 
  almoooost there !, 
  well talk was n't really much of an option there . 
  just a lot of hot heads . 
  if the transition would have been peaceful than talks could have started . 
  well to be fair , you 'd still face serious consequences if you 'd hit a child as punishment . 
  i dont know if it 's truly illegal here , but it gets treated as such . 
  i was wondering if anyone from europe watches super bowl ? 
  it gets media coverage ( though small ) and is everywhere on the internet . 
  as far as i know no one watches it here in slovenia . 
  personally i 've never watched it nor do i intend to , but if there 's news coverage of it then surely someone has to be watching it otherwise it 's just wasting everyone 's time on matters that have no business in the eu . 
  so tell me , is it watched in your country ? 
  good : german tv series , french , dutch and scandinavian movies , british and ex-yugoslav comedies . 
  ( watch `` ko to tamo pjeva '' , god thats a good movie ) . 
  bad : anything from southern europe ( i just dislike the drama ) i 've only watched one chech movie/documentary about jan hus and that was really well done ( plus its fairly easy to understand without subtitles ) . 
  i dont know much about eastern europe , there 's not really that much content from there . 
  thats exactly what a north korean would say ( judging by your flar ), 
  to be fair . 
  people do n't look at race all that much unless you 're living in a rural area . 
  big cities are much more tolerant as far as i 've experienced . 
  just speaking the native language ( even if its broken af ) is a big big plus , since it generally means you 're trying to integrate into the society . 
  for example thats why some ( not all by any means ) of our fellow ex-yugoslavs are looked down on , simply since they 've lived here for 30 years and do n't even bother to learn our language since `` we can understand them anyway '' ( we ca n't 100 % ) . 
  the same goes for people of other countries who only speak english . 
  most are ok and totaly underatandable , but can be more different than croatian is from serbian . 
  the prekmurje ( over the mura region , next to hungary ) is totaly different though and if when speak in full dialect then most other slovenians ca n't understand them . 
  still . 
  you only need to ask someone to lend you their id, 
  why in the world would you have beer vending machines ? 
  you might as well throw age restriction out of the window !, 
  well dont you have that one extra free year bonus ? 
  praise ski sports !, 
  they really are the best !, 
  yes . 
  by a lot . 
  i 'd say i 've become a lot more liberal . 
  for example i voted no on the gay marriage proposal of 2015 but i would vote yes now . 
  i think a lot of people changed their minds recently . 
  pro-europe movement is also increasing in strength i 'd reckon . 
  though i 've no official data to confirm this . 
  hmmm ... yeah i 'd reckon we can increase our total debt by another 1 % . 
  w\u00f6rk, 
  the last one is true to all people btw, 
  kfc . 
  how we still dont have it is beyond me since everyone loves it . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's become a heritage of sorts and a ton of bad guys from various slovenian stories are turks ( see `` martin krpan '' for an example ) . 
  the stuff happening lately does n't help to portray turkey in a better light either .
