  we 're all just people in the end of the day, 
  well i thought the point was to pick a country not your own, 
  personally , i 'd pick this discussion over that hellhole of a union any day of the week . 
  karl may is amazing . 
  reading vinetou or any of his later works in the balkans and africa is really good . 
  well since yugoslavia had socialism and you 're asking about comunism . 
  id say any of the visegrad group or the baltic group . 
  they 're all very nice countries . 
  prefferably either czechia or slovakia . 
  simply since the language barrier would be smaller . 
  black pete ? 
  is that the game where you run towards each other and try to catch as many people as possible ? 
  yeah but metternich was an idiot, 
  its the zlatorog actually . 
  to be fair either the bee or the chamois represents quite well, 
  once every month or so , even that in the capital, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya9myxw1q_a this is not really my hometown , and not filmed by me ( obviously ) , but it works  enjoy !, 
  pan-celtic ? 
  what , make a union of ireland , wales , cornwall , mann , the highlands , galicia and brittany ? 
  much much closer . 
  croatia is kind of similar , but only the slavonia , zagreb and varazdin regions , while dalmatia and istria remind me of italy or greece . 
  language wise yes , definitely different , but we do use german loan words in dialects ( aka . 
  what 's actually spoken ) , but i guess that happens when you share a country for 1000 + years . 
  we 'd just end up splitting in a couple of years while everything else burns to the ground again is my guess . 
  i 'm fairly content . 
  i just wish the bureocracy was n't such a damn big parasite , they just get in the way of everything and are completely incompetent . 
  apparently east coast . 
  especially new york region . 
  although most people here try to pronounce things in the british accent , since that 's what 's taught in school . 
  well we sometimes have news in english and constant english weather and road reports . 
  mostly due to the large amount of turist on vaccation here or passing south to croatia in the summer . 
  same here in slovenia . 
  the official language is considered very formal and rough to use in day to day conversation . 
  plus it utilises worda noone uses . 
  like ` da ' for yes . 
  so you will never ever hear it being spoken to its full extent . 
  political formal speaches are probablly the closest you 'll ever get . 
  its based on the upper , middle and lower carniola dialects leaving out the styrian , littoral , carinthian and prekmurje dialects ( which is kind of unfair really ) . 
  fyi cyprus is geographically in europe . 
  so are all of the mediterranean islands , bar djerba . 
  the caucasus is not in europe though , but i can see why an exempt might be made for them . 
  could you not, 
  i highly doubt you 'll get a ljubljena-plitvice bus . 
  almost no chance imo . 
  so yeah youll probably have to make a stop in zagreb . 
  id take a look there too , its a nice city . 
  other than that id say you made yourself a really neat tour . 
  have fun , 
  well you kind of have to if you want a restored hre, 
  this is night hawk speaking . 
  flags ... flags everywhere . 
  we had them outside and another pair on the inside . 
  but honestly i like flags , they 're pretty . 
  there is a very very fine line between patriotic and nationalistic, 
  well getting to you means parking boats in either italy or us or doing a roadtrip through romania and hungary or germany . 
  so i think you 're good . 
  i think it 'd be rediculous . 
  although our official word is `` da '' while in practice you will never ever hear it used by slovenians at all . 
  so we 're not really the ones to talk . 
  too bad karl may was never to the us prior or during his writing of vinetou . 
  he made it up ( with sources from books of course . ), 
  most of slovenian cities had a huge german majority . 
  especially in \u0160tajerska ( untersteiermark f\u00fcr sie ) and large interior cities like ljubljana ( laibach ) . 
  that and us living together for about 1000 years means every slovenian settlement has a german name, 
  to be fair you left out beljak ( villach ) , celovec ( klagenfurt ) and of course the field of gospa sveta with the ducal stone , probablly one of teh most important icons of slovenian identity . 
  after that gorica in italy . 
  and this is why we hate each other . 
  also we had nothing to do with the slavifications of dalmatian italians , so when it comes to slovenian italian relations its pretty one sided to be fair . 
  to be fair , europe is probably the least fucked up place on the planet atm, 
  basically a dialect ... 
  seriously the balkan sometimes ... 
  well theres that whole communism-yugoslavia thing, 
  everything `` down south '' sounds the same to me . 
  maybe theres some difference between croatian and serbian but other than that ... 
  this is exagerated . 
  but its taboo and people will think youre weird and stay away if possible . 
  unless they watch it as well . 
  you know go to conventions anf stuff like that , which exist here too btw . 
  it depends on who you meet . 
  some people love him . 
  some people hate him . 
  younger people ( as in 1990ish + ) dont really care . 
  that part of history is behind us and we 're better off without that whole shitshow again . 
  depends , language ? 
  culture and history ? 
  austria , but it depends on region , the area next to italy has a lot of italian influence and the pannonian basin area has hungarian influence . 
  but mostly austria . 
  so from hungary, 
  only in high school though , some require it in primarz though its very rare . 
  collage proffesors dont really give a damn, 
  ok , first of all , turks are not from anatolia . 
  they came from the steppes and conquered anatolia from the byzantines . 
  hence the sultanate of rum . 
  you could call turks living there a mix of turkish ancestors and helenised natives and ( if ) any nations that moved there during the rule of the multicultural eastern ottoman empire . 
  their religion and culture are not the same as european and are mostly middle eastern aka muslim . 
  there are very little blond turks . 
  kurds are a separate nation , definitelly not turks . 
  they do have a lot of business ties , but so does the us , that doesnt add anything to being european . 
  its a completely cultural thing . 
  this explains this whole thread actually .
