  it 's commentary like that . 
  when the conservatives left the epp they had more meps than any of the other parties in the group . 
  there were also other right wing parties in the group , particularly the eastern european countries that had just joined , that were also sceptical of federalism . 
  they were in a position to take the epp in far less federalist direction . 
  the fact they chose not to in order to appease the eurosceptic fringe of their party is n't the fault of the eu or proof the eu is anti-democratic . 
    we would have to conform to a lot eu regulations if we want to trade with them '' ...  that applies to every single country the uk wants to trade with . 
  yes and of course it would convenient for us if we could influece the regulations of all the other markets as well but of course we ca n't . 
  i do n't see why that 's an argument for throwing away our influence in the eu . 
  apart from that it 's obviouly more important because the eu also represents a larger proportion of our trade . 
   our farmers have to compete with farmers from the rest of the eu . 
  if they subside their farmers , we have to subsidise their farmers or let them go broke ... 
  i agree although with that . 
  however , that was n't the point i was trying to make . 
  the uk generally favours free trade which would mean scrapping subsides or at least substantially reducing them . 
  however by leaving the eu we give up any influence we have to do that . 
  inside the eu we can influence the cap . 
  outside , in practice , we have to follow the general direction set by the rest of eu . 
   if the eu decided they were not interested in free trade any more that would have a huge effect on our exports switzerland makes bi-lateral trade agreements with the eu , but they are a bit of a joke . 
  after the other 27 countries have furiously haggled over the regulations and coming to an agreement , they are not going to make substantial concessions for tiny little switzerland . 
  the eu have set up their regulations to disadvantage swiss cheeses producers and swiss banks , etc. 
  and favour the interests of the current members . 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean by getting by trade agreements in place . 
  my point was a broader one . 
  at the moment the uk is a counterweight to france which generally fundamentally distrusts free trade . 
  if we leave the eu , france is likely to get far more of it 's way . 
  it may well put an end to the eea which it tends to regards as leeching off the eu single marketing without fully contributing to the social costs . 
  we would be giving up the power to influence decisions which affect us profoundly . 
   even uk voting as it exists and as it is represented gives more strength to the lib dem vote first , then labour , and only then the conservatives the conservatives only have themselves to blame for their lack of influence within the eu . 
  they followed the same sort of faulty reasoning that euroskeptics are using now to leave the eu . 
  instead of staying within the european people 's party and trying to influence it from within , against the wishes of most of their own meps they thought they would be better off to form their own group for some reason . 
  part of the causes of our problems with the cfp stem from the fact that heath was forced into making a bad deal in order to join the common market because we joined late . 
  if we leave to the eu we will have to negotiate a leaving and we still have a poor negotiating position . 
  euroskeptics often claim that the fact the rest of the eu export more to us than they do to us as if that would mean we had a strong negotiating position if we left . 
  however it 's only part of the story . 
  the strength of your negotiating position is also highly dependent on the size of your economy . 
  it 's very likely that the french would make us pay for leaving the eu in the same way they made us pay for joining . 
  there is no doubt the cfp as it currently stands is extremely bad way of managing fish stocks , however the problems are more complex than it is normally portrayed in the uk . 
  fishermen contribute to them by their own practices . 
  even if we left the eu , we would still need to negotiate with our former eu partners about mutual access rights and allowable catches . 
  we are better off staying within the eu and trying to reform it alongside the dutch and nordic countries who see this the same way we do . 
  britain could survive outside the eu , in the sense that we would continue to trade and would n't become a third world country . 
  however we would always be affected by what the eu decided to do . 
  we would have to conform to a lot eu regulations if we want to trade with them , particularly if we wanted to stay in efta . 
  our farmers have to compete with farmers from the rest of the eu . 
  if they subside their farmers , we have to subsidise their farmers or let them go broke . 
  if the eu decided they were not interested in free trade any more that would have a huge effect on our exports . 
  at the moment we have influence within the eu . 
  if would be idiotic to give that up . 
  i would love to know the point he was making . 
  i just find it completely baffling why an american republican would be running down the uk . 
  compared to most other countries in the world we follow the sorts of policies i would have thought they would approved of . 
  we do have small houses in uk , the smallest in europe . 
  that 's because we are densely populated country with high levels of inequality which means that the rich own a lot of the land and the rest of squeeze into what 's left . 
  why would a republican even bring that up ? 
  the biggest advantages for the uk are that our trade with the eu has increased massively since we joined . 
  other advantages include that it 's easy to work and study in other eu countries and lots of nice french wine and italian cheeses in our supermarkets . 
  there was also a terrorist attack that was prevented eu collaboration . 
  another big advantage is influence within the eu . 
  the thing is if you trade with europe than you have to adopt eu regulations and it 's much better to be in arguing your point of view and trying to get your peoples interests represented than accepting whatever the other countries decide among themselves . 
  the common agricultural policy is very unpopular in the uk , partly because we pay more into it than we receive out of it , but also because most people in the uk are in favor of free trade and do n't like it in principle . 
  however if we are in the eu , at least we can argue our point of view and try to persuade other countries to reduce the subsidies . 
  if we were out of the eu , it would n't change the fact that other countries in the eu think subsidizing farmers is a good idea . 
  so we would then have to either let our farmers go bankrupt or pay them subsidies so they can compete even though we do n't think it 's a good idea . 
  the economist described the idea of britain could turn the commonwealth into a trading block as the ultimate eurosceptic fantasy . 
  the idea does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  you only have to look at a country like india . 
  they share no interests with us . 
  they regard anything britain proposes with scepticism because of their colonial past disagree with us on every trade issue . 
  yeah . 
  it was nasty , bigotted rubbish aimed at both muslims and europeans . 
  if someone responds to it by talking about political correctness without even noting the bigotry the way the guy i originally replied to did , then they 've helped it to achieve it 's purpose . 
  of course political correctness exists but it 's not nearly as big a problem as people are always saying it is . 
  the grain of truth in the video is that political correctness exists in europe to some extent . 
  that was n't quite the question i asked . 
  almost anything anyone says however stupid can be said to have an element of truth in it and i think there is such as thing as political correctness . 
  what i thought was screwed up was after seeing a bigoted video , looking for a grain of truth behind and it and feeling that 's something you want to share your thought about that with other people . 
  so your reaction to seeing that video was to think about how it was partly true ? 
  except that if use that line of reasoning you would come to the conclusion that the overwhelming majority of people in uk supported the conservative party . 
  whereas in fact only 36 % of us voted for them in the general election . 
  a lot of people in uk seem to enjoying read semi-bigoted right-wing bollox but it does n't represent the political makeup of the country . 
  so before the meeting hannan thought that britain had such a strong negotiating position that the uk could get anything they wanted out of europe . 
  against the his advice of that of his fellow eurosceptics , cameron makes what he thought were some puny little watered-down demands . 
  only not only did the other 26 countries have the temerity to refuse them but they are now furious with britain for not signing up to their agreement . 
  it would be funny how out of touch with reality he is if his attitudes were n't so common in the uk . 
  have n't these points already been refuted a few times ? 
  the rules concerning the structural deficit would only apply to the countries eurozone . 
  the media has n't given the impression all the others countries are in complete agreement . 
  it 's said britain is isolated because it has walked away from the negotiations even though the countries are not in complete agreement . 
  that was one of the bits i thought was typical telegraph claptrap . 
  the financial times and the economist have much more unambiguous about condemning cameron over this than the bbc . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the epp was considerably less federalist than when the conservatives decided to join it . 
  even in the terms of furthering the of the right of the party 's agenda i do n't think it was a smart move . 
  it diminished britain 's influence in the eu for nothing . 
  and all the other national parties could break off and create a new manifestos that they felt at home with and gave them warm fuzzy feeling except they do n't because understand a little bit about diplomacy and how not to make themselves completely irrelevant . 
  basically , it 's a lot wooly-minded sentiment about whether the right felt at home against actual influence within the eu . 
  there was no good reason they had to leave . 
  it was a less federalist after the eastern european countries joined and would less federalist still if the conservatives were still in it . 
  there was no need for them to leave . 
  groups in the european parliament always incorporate a wide range of political persuasions .
