it 's based on the theory that war is driven by economic interests , so if countries have shared economic interests they wo n't make war . 
  it 's explained in the schuman declaration which i linked to in my last post and gave a quote from . 
  of course it 's only a theory . 
  however given the history of conflict before the eu and that the idea of war between eu countries now seems unimaginable , it seems of worked pretty well . 
  promoting peace was one of the most important goals behind the formation of the eu . 
  it was expressed in the [ the schuman declaration ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/basic-information/symbols/europe-day/schuman-declaration/index_en.htm ) . 
   european governments concluded that pooling coal and steel production would -- in the words of the declaration -- make war between historic rivals france and germany `` not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible '', 
  some people are not that very interested in politics which i think is fair enough . 
  why should you be interested when you only voice is counts for something like 1 in 50 million or whatever ? 
  the problem i have with what you said is the idea that all arguments being simple enough that it could n't be understood by everyone , even people who are n't the slightest bit nerdy about politics . 
  in practice , all angles will not get equal chance to make their case because it depends on the media , which is usually extremely biased . 
  if you had sortition and representatives were chosen by lottery , then they would have a much greater incentive to follow the arguments and look at all the angles . 
  i do n't think that 's the whole answer . 
  you would need some elected representatives as well , who are accountable to the people who vote for them . 
  the problem i have with participatory democracy is that i think following all the political arguments and keeping up to date with all the latest research relating to them is a full time job . 
  i do n't think you should pick a representative based on the way they would vote but because you think they will vote the way you want them to on every issue . 
  you should really pick someone who you think shares your values and trust them to make an informed choices . 
  the problem is none of us like it when our representative looks into the issue carefully and then decides that our opinions are wrong . 
  although perhaps it 's not unreasonable that we do n't like it given how much our politicians are influenced by big business . 
  i would prefer some sortition in the political system . 
  that way you could have full-time politicians who are genuinely representative of the population and not dependent on big business to get elected , but i ca n't see europe ever going for it . 
  what it shows is that if we left , not only would we would we lose our influence inside the eu , but we would less influence with countries outside the eu as well . 
  if america thinks we have less to offer it outside , it 's almost certainly true of other countries as well . 
  cameron would never accept this willingly , although he may end up with something like this , the way he is going . 
  if he does , it will be end of the coalition with the lib dems . 
  most of the eurosceptic in the conservative party are like boris johnson and think we can keep our meps and veto and still renegotiate our relationship with eu . 
  i do n't think many of them would like this arrangement in the slightest . 
  those mps are a minority in parliament so what they want does n't decide what the uk would do . 
  in any case , this has n't been proposed by the eu . 
  it 's come from a campaigning group whose only goal is to make sure that the uk has no influence in the eu . 
  what was the producer who went bankrupt falsely accused of ? 
  and what was the motivation of the person who accused him ? 
  were they out to get him because they did n't approve of how he made a living ? 
  i did n't vote for cameron and i do n't agree with what he 's proposed . 
  he 's said it 's not going to be an in-out referendum and it wo n't be until after the next election sometime after he 's negotiated the details with the rest of eu . 
  if we do decide to leave eu and i hope we do n't , we need to take our time over it . 
  before the crisis , public opinion has in favour of staying in the eu for a long time . 
  of course eurosceptics want to have the referendum now . 
  what if once the crisis was over , we decided we had overacted . 
  it 's not as if it 's easy just to go back in again . 
   if the main political parties continue to refuse a referendum ... : / it is n't part of british tradition of democracy that constitutional issues require a referendum . 
  in our political system these issues are decided by elected representatives , like any other issue . 
  i think at some point an in-out referendum would be a good idea , but not now . 
  the government has more important things to do than start campaigning over europe . 
  if we are going to have one it 's better to wait until after the eurozone crisis and we have a better idea what sort of eu we are going end up with . 
  the rankings are mostly based on tests given to schoolchildren . 
  there are some other things taken into account , but rankings are not about university education . 
  they were looking at the school system . 
   if their message now is that they veto any budget increase ... well then the widespread political opinion that the uk is a completely lost cause gets stronger by the day . 
  the labour party have actually refused to say that they would veto a budget increase if they were in power , which means they probably would n't do it . 
  cameron was taunting ed milliband over it in the house of commons and on the news the shadow europe minister was desperately trying to deflect the question while they asked her if labour was prepared to use the veto and how labour could get a cut in the budget if they were n't . 
  i thought they managed to come out of this looking worse than the conservatives . 
  although , they have managed to make cameron 's life difficult . 
  i agree low taxes and low regulations help to attract inward investment . 
  i think you 've overestimate it . 
  other ex-british colonies such as india are anything but economically liberal and do n't have too much problem attracting investment and the eu does n't decide tax rates in the uk anyway . 
  the extent to which the uk could shed regulation is also grossly overstated the likes of ukip . 
  we would have to keep a lot eu regulation if we wanted to stay in efta and that we could get rid of would be mainly replaced by domestic legislation . 
  when negotiating trade treaties , the strength of your negotiating position depends a great deal on the size of your economy . 
  the uk would n't have a nearly as strong a negotiating position as the eu and that would outweigh any advantage we could hope to get from from pushing for a more free trade-orientated treaty . 
  so your point was that some former british colonies are economically liberal which means that laisez-faire free market ideals are ingrained into the british culture and from that you conclude we would always be prosperous ? 
  why do you think that being a former state of the british empire would make a difference ? 
  trade treaties are based on shared economic interests . 
   because the influence scales on being in and out heavily favour out and the pro-eu crowd must come up with another argument a countries influence is related to the size of it 's economy . 
  it 's wishful thinking on the part to think that uk would have more power on it 's own would have more influence on it 's own . 
    the uk generally favours free trade which would mean scrapping subsides or at least substantially reducing them . 
   that 's completely wrong , even with matters outside the eu the uk has a long history of providing subsidies . 
  this is a bizarre argument . 
  you are saying that the uk is no more in favour of free trade than other countries in the eu like france so we can happily have there own way because they and not going to take the uk in a substantially way than we would have wanted them to go anyway ? 
  okay , i suppose we better have a look at the index of economic freedom and see if you are right then ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom nope , it looks like you were wrong . 
  there are a few other countries in the eu that come with the uk in the top 30 , but most of them do n't . 
  so there does seem to be a difference of attitude . 
   the uk would n't have to `` follow the general direction set by the rest of eu '' it would actually be setting the pace , and uk agriculture is far more efficient and industrialised than their eu counterparts - that 's part of the problem why they receive such a raw deal at the moment . 
  simply asserting that does n't make it true . 
  i 've given you an argument that if the rest of the eu decides to subsidise it 's farmers and we do n't , our farmers will not be able to compete and will go bust . 
  so we would have no option but to follow the general direction they as the much larger economy set . 
  we 've established that there is a difference in attitude to free trade but even there was n't , we would still be giving our freedom to influence over the level of subsidies . 
   after the other 27 countries have furiously haggled over the regulations and coming to an agreement , they are not going to make substantial concessions for tiny little switzerland . 
  i do n't get why this is used as an argument so much as it is . 
  if 26 countries come out with an agreement on the single market that applies to all , for the benefit of all , there 's a solid chance it makes sense for number 27 . 
  now if i were a billionaire i would no longer stand in tescoes wondering if i need sugar or how many teabags i have left or indeed if i should have gone to sainsbury 's - i 'd have a butler , a chef and a housekeeper to worry about that . 
  i 'd willingly defer a responsibility and spend my time on more pressing matters . 
  if the eu wants to spend time setting the park for the single market have at it , i 'd gladly swap that chore for being able to have control of the judiciary , control of fishing , farming , trade agreements outside the eu which the uk has far better footing than anyone else within ( whilst still being able to maintain eu trade ) , and to reclaim their seat at the wto . 
  you were accusing pro-europeans of being anti-democratic a second ago and now you 're happy to let the other countries to decide these rules for us without any input for us for the sake of having control over cap and our fisheries policy , which as i 've argued in practice we would n't actually have full control over anyway . 
   even ukip advocates negotiating trade agreements before actually leaving the eu . 
  there would be continuation of trade . 
  uk-eu trade would continue . 
  it 's a given . 
  it 's a given because it is everybody 's interests . 
  i 'm not sure why you think negotiating before we left the eu would mean we come away with a favourable deal . 
  i 'm sure we could reach some sort of agreement but we would be like switzerland with nominally bi-lateral negotiations but in practice an imbalance of power . 
   eea members do fully contribute to the costs of a single market . 
  norway 's just had its contributions increased considerably from what they were but still a tiny fraction of the uk 's expense , even when they 're scaled up to account for the uk 's larger gdp . 
  there is more to france 's objections than contributions . 
  there is a cost to providing workers with rights laid out in the social chapter which the efta countries and the uk do n't have to pay which means corporations can set up inside the single market without incurring the costs of workers rights . 
   the conservatives happen to represent by far the main public sentiment . 
  they 're the only uk party that beats ukip . 
  do n't get this the wrong way around . 
  it 's not the conservatives that have themselves to blame for actually representing the people on this !!!, 
   ever wondered why the accusation of anti-democracy is so often levelled at the pro-eu crowd ?
