  us and germany who give us support to even start that operation , would n't vote for it ? 
  your theory has holes as the emmentaler . 
   as legitimate as your claim.of 5 usta\u0161e not sure i understand this truncated english . 
  and again `` no arguments , let 's switch subject '' situation from your side . 
  i ask you more about `` borders during au-ug '' and you respond me how croats are butchers . 
  i rest my case . 
  unilaterally ? 
  do even know definition of tension ? 
  albanians : masters of bakery and pastry . 
  17 in croatia . 
  * czech streets * fan ? 
   areas in modern day , . 
  ok are you just playing dumb or what ? 
  again and again i am asking you to name me those areas . 
  show me on map . 
  but you are repeadly screaming `` outside ares , neighbouring countries '' . 
  and i explained you nicely situation . 
  there is no shame of acepting when you were wrong . 
   you see resistance in modern day started many.monts erlier . 
  but we are n't talking about that . 
  do n't change the subject just beacuse you do n't have valid arguments . 
  the fact remains : uprising in croatia during wwii was first on all exyu territory . 
  and i am proud about it . 
   * etnic clensing un and international community does n't think that way . 
   more like 2-3milion . 
  said by you . 
   but seriously turn on the rts and rtv slo rather than just buying the hrt propaganda . 
  ptc , ptpc and rtv slo are example and pill of objectivity and truth ? 
  you would be suprised with which news agencies i follow . 
   and that is wrong . 
  said by you . 
  and slovenia is nato allies with us . 
   the blody history of croats never heard for it . 
  it must be a good reason why is that ... 
  i will try to read it driven by sheer curiosity . 
  tnx . 
  want me to send you croatian extreme-right wing books that says that slovenians are just `` alpine croats '' ? 
  not the case in our relations with montenegro . 
  there are still some differences but tensions ... ? 
  far from that . 
  and soon we will be nato allies . 
  and maybe one day in eu . 
  edit : also there are few examples in the world where countries have borders disputes but are in good relations . 
  you do n't need to agree with all , but it sure does n't mean that you need to dig someones eye if you do n't agree in some matter with him . 
  and what was before that with istria ? 
  does history begins with 1867 . ? 
  not to mention that slovenia had n't it 's own name at that time . 
  or we all just unite with italy ? 
  i never used word `` border dispute '' . 
  i said `` tensions '' . 
  2 different meanings . 
   i realy like the idea of and splitting it in half so , come and split it ... wo n't be a first time someone tried it . 
   because you ocupied areas outsid of it . 
  which areas ? 
  come on , be precise . 
  do n't make me ask you same question 3 times . 
   acording to croatian sources resistance in ndh ( by serbs , not croats who liked the ndh ) started in july 1941 i know it very well . 
  my relative was in it . 
  that 's about date . 
  and no ... he was n't a serb . 
  so were n't all of his unit . 
  so wrong again . 
   republika srpska krajina referes to a state , krajina referes to an area . . * internationally unrecognized state with no history foundation . 
  in fact , there are few krajinas , not only one . 
  but you are mentioning that one from which thousands of serbs fled before croatian military-police operation `` storm '' and that is rsk . 
   hard to live in houses with no wate or power where you are constantly harased by the nazi locals nazi locals ? 
  seriously ? 
  you 've been there ? 
  met those nazis ? 
  also , every serb who file a motion for rebuilding his home gets money for it . 
  hep is building new networks , introducing electricity in their homes ( slower that it should , true ) and water is already there ( from yu times ) . 
  there are lot of croatian associations who helps with serbs return , for careing for older and powerless people and even one associations earned the patronage of un because they are ( for free ) installing solar panels on most remote serbian homes . 
  but , in spite of everything there is more room for progress . 
   are thy not croats ? 
  you are generilizing 4,5 milion croats beacuse of 30-50 thousand of people ( across all country ) ? 
   turn on the news sometimes which one ? 
  dnevno.rs ? 
  those are new which you follow and read ? 
   yeah i see how modern croatia is a fan of ndh and nazis an genocide i meant , modern society in general does n't operates anymore in `` stick and beat '' mode . 
   your countries army salooted your pressident at a genocide gloryfication with `` za dom spremni '' wrong . 
  check again and return . 
  that battlecry is punishable by law . 
   w europe has enouth truble with muslim terrorists right no , they dont care . . that 's right . 
  we does n't care for croatia not even slovenia . 
  you ( personaly ) can imagine/dream that you are better than us but the fact remains ... all exyu is in same basket . 
  person who most of slovenians consider as clown . 
  like \u0160e\u0161elj in serbia . 
  come on , you know better . 
  which border . 
  be exact . 
  progress is made . 
  now you gon na also teach me about jutarnji and what do croats think ? 
  you know better than me ? 
  2 full years old article . 
  seriously ? 
  what `` the border between au-ug '' ? 
  also , this is the best scientific proof you could find ? 
  yes , istria was in austrian part and ... ? 
  does history starts counting from austrian time ? 
  i ment with with montenegro , but ok , you eli5 to me , a croatian which profession is law what are croatian border disputes .
