what do you feel ( or hope ) the future holds for chechnya ? 
  may saying that really is a hollow statement . 
  she should have said that they are going to leave and at the moment working out a plan . 
  saying `` brexit means brexit '' means that you have an idea what brexit mean , which they do n't . 
  thanks :-) i still love you my european brothers and sisters . 
  i 'm letting no vote get in the way of that . 
  the issue is people like that feel above most of the countries and such look down on them . 
  it 's stupid really . 
  it 's like a left over feeling from the colonial days . 
  most likely regrets the way he voted now he sees the effects and people pointing out he 's stupid makes it worse . 
  lg mobile hates british but british silly for not checking before posting . 
  it 's our turn at the moment . 
  i do n't mind . 
  the british is good at taking the piss out if it 's self so i 've been joining it, 
  op i hate to tell you but this is the effect of the vote . 
  we have shown ourselfs to be stupid and should be mocked for it . 
  i pretty sure people expected better of the nation that claims it 's above all that stupidness and thinks it 's self better but really we are not and never have been . 
  the european have a right to be upset and angry because we have in a way turned our back on them . 
  i , for one , wish it had not turned out like this . 
  i feel european that being despite most of the people i know seeming to think they are better then being european ( not sure how that works ) . 
  we will be mock for it . 
  expect it . 
  for if it was some other country l 'm pretty sure we would be mocking them as well . 
  no matter what the vote says i still love you my european brothers and sisters . 
   your kids need to drink piss to survive jokes on you , i already was . 
  i do n't think they wanted us gone at all . 
  in fact they wanted us to stay . 
  they just do n't like the limbo of it all . 
  the referendum is advisory telling the government how the public feel and not law . 
  parliament have the final say on whether article 50 will be invoked . 
  bearing in mind that 500 of the 650 mps are pro-remain . 
  very likely now i would say . 
  * scone, 
  started in 2012 and with the snooper 's charter passing it 's going to end in 1984 . 
  can i vote for you ? 
  you seem to make why more sense then the government we have right now . 
   `` having no idea what brexit means '' it means brexit guys . 
  how much more clearer can it get ? 
  i hate this government . 
  they have no clue about anything and just say sound bites . 
  yet people fall for it . 
  it 's annoying . 
  i still love hey , mamma '' but congratulations on the win portugal . 
  i quite enjoyed this eurovision . 
  speaking to you guys and gals on their thread made it a lot more fun . 
  until next year :-), 
  there is a eurovision sub . 
  reddit does make it a lot better . 
  do n't worry spain , you 're still in this ... 
  she 's cute . 
  while on crack, 
  year he was born and 10 years later he killed his first person . 
  they raise you up ? 
  time to disown ireland, 
  what, 
  thanks aussie bros and gals for the 12 . 
  love you always, 
  do n't judge me . 
  it was the shock . 
  good point . 
  i think part of the shock is that we made a decent song . 
  i do n't know how to handle it . 
  i put the milk in before the water because i was in shock . 
  it 's moments like that that make me questiom the meaning of life . 
  very true but at least we can enjoy the left land for a moment . 
  she forgot the rest of her coat though . 
  the german 's are feeling what the uk has felt for a long time . 
  what is going on ? 
  even france gave us something . 
  i do n't understand the world anymore . 
  are they famous over in norway ? 
  so that 's what right presenter looked like before he murdered 10 people . 
  we are on the left side . 
  i never thought i would see the day . 
  we do n't need your life story israel . 
  damn we are getting points . 
  i 'm happy . 
  traveled all that way to just moon . 
  keep it up aussie lads hahahaha r/madlads, 
  we just want to fit in with the rest of the crap . 
  we are like the outcast in class that just wants friends but annoys you to all hell . 
  public funded so no adverts . 
  edit : wait did i miss something ? 
  * he thinks after * `` damn it i mean romania !, 
  they just sound the same '', 
  she speaks better english than me . 
  not even him . 
  he looked shocked to have said it . 
  but ... . but we tried our best :'(, 
  i expect . . expect the ... i expected uk . 
  it was a long trip . 
  he walked there bear footed . 
  thousands are way more than me so it means i have a chance haha, 
  that would be just our luck . 
  the world is a better place for fire . 
  really ? 
  damn i knew i should have paid attention in french class . 
  if human 's did n't discover fire then where would eurovision be ? 
  if sweden ca n't go on then how did they make the finals ? 
  with a strong and stable song .
