gypsies and ukrainians . 
  czech language has a lot of words with \u010c . 
  i 'm gon na stay in the provider area and say o2 . 
  lot of friends had a rather poor experience with them , mostly due to weird contractual issues , poor speed and high prices . 
  i also used to work there for a bit , so i know a little about `` how the sausage is made '' so to speak , which , i admit , may make me little biased . 
  slovakia is doing pretty well i 'd say . 
  getting a beer on a first date is n't acceptable in poland , because your beer tastes like piss . 
  i would probably tell him that anime is just a cartoon . 
  yep , all of us are alcoholics , you nailed it . 
  anyway , i do n't really care , if you see everyone who buys beer in the morning as an alcoholic , that 's your fight . 
  so you never ever forgot something while going for a trip/ride/whatever ? 
  nor did you go on a trip/ride/whatever and suddenly had a craving for a beer or whatever ? 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  did you ever hear about [ these bad boys ] ( http://www.jacksons-camping.co.uk/campingimages/coolboxes/w35-cool-box.jpg ) ? 
  might be for a trip ? 
  might be for a friend ? 
  there are a lot of reasons other than raging alcoholism . 
  that 's a bit of a prejudiced statement do n't you think ? 
  just because someone buys a beer in the morning does n't mean he also drinks and drives or is an alcoholic . 
  what 's wrong with buying a beer in the morning ? 
  imagine western tourists taking pictures of every weird little thing in f.e. 
  japan . 
  it is mundane to them , but a novelty for us . 
  i bet they have a discussions just like this one , but about us . 
  mostly fps games . 
  counter strike since like 2003 , cs : go for past 4 years or so . 
  quake live every now and then . 
  i love far cry franchise , ca n't wait for far cry 5 . 
  i also played the shit out of lineage 2 . 
  from other genres it would be diablo 2 and 3 . 
  those are just few i play with any regularity , otherwise i would spend hours making a list . 
   but no one 's forcing you to interact with gypsies unless they actually come to you asking for money/smokes/drugs or they offer some stolen goods/drugs/whatever . 
  and they do that a lot . 
  so a better way to phrase it would be that gipsies are the only ones forcing me to interact with them . 
  i 'm fine with being called racist for not liking gipsies . 
  media are pushing this narrative for a while now and apparently we 're all racist down here for not liking clearly misbehaving minority . 
  and that 's the thing - if you look for racism long enough , you 'll see it everywhere . 
  that word has lost all its meaning because of people like that . 
  in those past years everyone and everything has become racist for the most hilarious reasons . 
  it 's laughable , honestly . 
  and a tiny bit sad . 
  we can discuss semantics all day long , it does n't change the fact that overwhelming majority of people who had gipsies as neighbours , worked with them ( for that few days of their life they actually do work ) , or been in any sort of prolonged contact with them , does not like them one bit . 
  if that means that we are all filthy racists , so be it . 
  i 'd rather be safe `` racist '' than dead hippie . 
  if you were bitten by every dog you 've met , would you like to meet more of them ? 
  are you some kind of psycho ? 
   but if you do n't personally know all gypsies , then you 're just generalizing and assuming that they 're all assholes , which is racist . 
  if i were bitten by every dog i ever met , i would be wary of dogs . 
  that 's not racist , that 's absolutely normal and understandable behavior . 
  so how many gipsies do you meet or even see on daily basis ? 
  i ca n't imagine it is a lot , because you would be speaking very differently . 
  the racist card has been so played out , it has lost all its meaning lately . . we have a huge vietnamese community over here and i do n't know a single person who has a problem with them . 
  guess why ? 
  they are nice , they do n't steel , they do n't beg , they send their kids to school , they are not a nuisance in any sense and they work hard as hell . 
  sure they might be some bad apples , but even then we have no problems with them based on couple of individuals . 
  gipsies are the exact opposite . 
  and it 's not just some bad apples , it 's the definite majority of them . 
  that 's why people do n't like them . 
  not liking people who act like assholes does n't make you racist . 
  i see them every day . 
  they are definitely not as portrayed in your media . 
  the only future that includes gipsies and crystal balls is when you walk down the street , they ask/demand money or smokes ( or both ) and if you do n't comply they may hit you with a stolen crystal ball , rob you and then sell the crystal ball to a pawn shop to play some slot machines . 
  that is my experience at least . 
  it may seem biased and hateful , but i 'm not gon na sugarcoat it to hit some political correctness quota . 
  the exceptions to my description exist , but they are very rare . 
  majority of them are just shit people . 
  but ... that country does n't exist anymore . . 
  the gun laws are actually getting a lot of changes lately , specifically to make it harder to get a gun . 
  can also add `` v\u00fdjimka '' ( = exception ) to the list , since no one pronounces it the way it is written . 
  it 's still a word , op did n't give any further conditions for what kind of word qualifies . 
  it means `` the most rounded '' . 
  it 's not a word anyone would use daily though . 
  there are a lot of words people get wrong in written form , but not many words are hard to pronounce . 
  there are many words people get wrong based on their meaning however . 
  for example people saying something is most ideal ( nejide\u00e1ln\u011bj\u0161\u00ed ) - that does n't make sense , when something is ideal it could n't be any better , so the `` the most '' part is useless and wrong . 
  another widespread example is misuse of `` due to '' and `` thanks to '' . 
  sentences such as `` thanks to your reckless driving i broke my legs '' are very common . 
  `` thanks to '' is for a good scenario , `` due to '' is for a bad one , yet people are using them wrong all the time . 
  i 'm sure it is n't just our culture , but anyway - blasting music ( usually hard dnb , hip hop or techno ) from shitty phones on public transport . 
  makes me mad just thinking about it . 
  i 'm more interested in what did poles think would happen . 
  i imagine japan 's reaction as a quote from monty python : `` what are you going to do ? 
  when i wake up and get ready . 
  so that 's kinda cool . 
  factory workers usually start between 6-7 , administrative stuff usually 8-9 with a regular 8 hours working time . 
  very basic : school basic : movies , games fluent : forums , speaking english everyday as my work requires it . 
  meh , he 's alright i guess . 
  it 's hard to have a favourite czech player who plays on a top level , because we only have oskar . 
  my sister spent whole college in austria and still lives there , she said she has enormous problems drinking with austrians because they just pass out after few drinks , while she is not even slightly drunk yet . 
  i am nearly 30 , so i would only be guessing as to how big this fad is in elementary/high schools , but a friend of mine who is 30 bought one ... 
  i have no idea why . 
  he could 've just bought a pencil and spin that , but i guess that does n't scream `` i am still young and hip ! '', 
  that much . 
  it would make an excellent parking lot for europe . 
  bad rep , but good kebab . 
  the bad rep probably outweights the kebab though . 
  as long as it 's gon na be like the [ episode of parks and rec ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0goosbrjik8 ) , i have no problems with that . 
  i like them a lot . 
  what people do with their bodies is their business , not mine . 
  i do n't take any pride in a building ( or any other object ) that someone else built just because it happens to be in the same country where i was born .
