  yes , this is true . 
  many people on / r/europe do n't like that this will eventually happen with the refugees . 
  it spells out * a * way for an exit to be cancelled . 
  it does n't say that it is the * only * way it could be cancelled . 
  no , freedom of movement is about the right to live and work . 
  country a would not allow nationals of country c to rent/buy property ( other than hotel rooms ) or be employed . 
  article 50 may allow us to change our minds due to the wording used without having to ask for permission from anyone . 
  not that i think we 'd try to do such a thing . 
  it 's actually code for `` we do n't like the uk 's position '' . 
  you could make a direct agreement with finland if need be . 
  think harder . 
  except for being a prerequisite . 
  then we can no longer have the uk being european after brexit . 
  it would , after all , imply that it belongs to the eu . 
  maybe you could have worked with us to put some restrictions on fom . 
  yeah it definitely happened . 
  just not quite as much as the papers made people expect . 
  exactly . 
  but this is / r/europe , so we have to find a way to blame anything but the eu because all eu decisions are based on what is good and right and certainly not petty politics . 
  does it actually go down well in ireland ? 
  in the border regions ? 
  this is written as the nat onal , so the band are ok !, 
  empire empire empire empire k. 
  most amusing . 
  probably because i said something anti eu empire . 
  same for me . 
  not bad for someone who 's only knowledge of denmark is watching the bridge though , i suppose . 
   recent vote at the un on the chagos islands where the uk was referred to an international tribunal after 22 eu members abstained with friends like that , who needs enemies ? 
   free movement is a good thing for everyone . 
  i 'm sure you 're backing free movement with the entire world then !, 
   you should just stop being so annoying before you make us all poorer hopefully it wo n't . 
  you could have agreed to some actual concessions on fom , but apparently you 'd rather we left than do something sensible like that . 
   it seems like the uk has more emigrants to the rest of europe than basically any other rich eu country has ( maybe in large parts because much of the uk is fairly poor i guess ) . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing a source . 
  and a comparison with france for example . 
  if they 're not water then it 's acceptable i guess . 
  that 's now how water works ... 
  maybe from your perspective . 
  we 're only really interested in the relatively frictionless trade . 
  sure , some people do move to europe , but we 're mostly interested in moving to english speaking countries , which is why four times as many people move to australia as move to spain ( our * top * eu migration destination ) . 
  our eu migration is extremely unbalanced and our free movement relationship with the eu seems extremely one sided , with many many more reu citizens coming to the uk than uk citizens going to reu . 
  sadly you 've wrapped up freedom of movement with the single market which basically torpedoes it as an option . 
  it provides excellent ammunition for eurosceptics across the whole eu . 
  stories like this could eventually put to bed the myth of the benevolent and wise eu that is popular here . 
  this sort of shit is what made brexit happen . 
  does the eu never learn ? 
  how disgusting that democracy happened . 
  it does sound like we 'd very much be buying in to an existing project , so our requirements quite likely would n't be covered . 
  i thought property was cheap there at least compared to wages . 
  world bank still puts us fifth , ahead of india , though obviously they will overtake us ( and france , germany , and japan ) if they continue with their exceptional growth . 
  the reason illegal activities are included now is due to the eu . 
  a quick search tells me that spain do the same . 
  if france do n't include it in their gdp calculations then they are simply ignoring eu regulation while the uk does as it 's told and gets punished accordingly in increased eu budgetary contributions . 
  situation normal : all fucked up . 
  edit : being downvoted for telling the truth is most amusing !, 
  so what 's the point of including japan on this list if the eu , china and the usa are the only ones that matter ? 
  yup , and we 're fifth . 
  however , at every at opportunity on / r/europe someone will point out how we 're not anywhere on the same level as the eu ... 
  yes , and ours puts us in the top five . 
  we 're both significant , but not world leaders ... 
  the 360 views work well on my phone . 
  just unable to go back to the article after !, 
  japan 's an option ? 
  their gdp is less than double the uk alone . 
  we all make mistakes !, 
   knowing others salary 's really fucks with corporate it can also be awkward when someone `` below '' someone else is earning significantly more . 
  this happens in my workplace where we have a couple of very specialised high-value areas within a larger group . 
  english has the advantage of being truly global and held together by modern communication technology . 
  never say never though ... 
  the negotiations are between the uk and the eu . 
  should the uk then retaliate and say that `` yes , eu migrants can stay , but only in the county/city they reside '' ? 
  it would by symmetrical after all . 
  it shows the romanian ( or , let 's be honest , roma ) crime is an actual problem . 
  it 's to do with crimes , not where people are from . 
  would you be happy accepting non-eu criminals into the eu ? 
  feel free to send our criminals back . 
  maybe it 's because they do n't want their criminals back . 
  there 's still a chance that they might start talking sense . 
  we may as well give it a few months !, 
  i did n't say it did . 
  the nordics do n't want a stronger europe though , so do n't pretend that the uk is the only country holding that back . 
  what a hard life canada has !, 
  we 're all still friends , 
  you 're closer to the french point of view than the germans though , economically speaking , are n't you ? 
  what a well reasoned point . 
  germany like how we keep the eu more business and trade focussed than the french would like , who have far more protectionist tendencies . 
  on my flight to bourgas someone was arrested for exposing himself on the plane ... so yeah, 
  says a guy called `` nordicfederation1 '' . 
  you guys are n't even all in the eu . 
  and you 're certainly opposed to creeping federalisation . 
  germany would definitely rather keep the uk as it helps keep the french in check . 
  fixed . 
  the eu should , rather than coming up with a power cap , come up with an efficiency floor . 
  eea is a bad deal , no thanks . 
  yet those states did n't want to restrict freedom of movement , which was all we asked for . 
  we never had any real influence in the eu anyway . 
  what little we could veto , someone else will veto . 
  nobody 's going to want up loose their original citizenship unless the pan-eu citizenship you propose is as good . 
  it might not be for many . 
  a bulgarian passport , for example , grants you access to fifteen fewer countries compared to a german passport .
