  i suppose we do have the option of using the british indian ocean territory , but it 's a long way to ship a rocket !, 
  china and the us would still be more powerful . 
  i 've done both in spain . 
  i like culture , but i also like beer and strangely coloured trashy drinks . 
  actually spain might just be my most-visited country . 
  if not , it 's only just below france . 
  yeah , the euro came before the # 2 coin , which is similar but quite a bit larger . 
  not sure if the euro was the first in the world to have the two metals ? 
  thank mr shakespeare, 
  there are , but we usually do those hungover , then have a nice drink after . 
  ahh , but that 's actually * also * us . 
  depends how big you make them !, 
  it basically works out as a tax on rural areas , so naturally i 'm not particularly keen on it . 
  percussion is ok apparently , in their pointless arbitrary system . 
  i believe it 's the sound that matters , so a synthesized stringed instrument would also be harram . 
  i do n't know , but i 've spent a long time speaking to our company 's it support outsourced to india , and my phone company 's call centre is in india ... it 's very common . 
  you get used to it , thanks to call centres ... 
  are n't many of them currently in russia ? 
  a good opportunity for a heist perhaps . 
  this is more cringe than tonibler . 
  well [ uptown funk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opf0ybxqdm0 ) did rather well , but that 's really a uk-us collaboration . 
  also technically released in 2014 , but did n't top the charts until this year . 
  we 're currently stuck with adele 's [ hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqhsxmglc9a ) as the highest ranking british artist in the singles chart , right below * two * justin bieber songs . 
  if people are retired and suddenly need money for repairs , they 'll probably turn to equity release - whether that 's a good idea or not . 
  you have to get a ladder to get stuck in that to be fair . 
  tempted ... 
  in my opinion , yes . 
  it just looks like a clusterfuck of mismanagement . 
  i do n't understand why france does n't just break up the camps and offer the inhabitants a choice of deportation or asylum if appropriate . 
  if the migrants saw that the best they could hope for was asylum in france ( which by the way sounds like a pretty sweet deal to me ) , they would n't bother to trek all the way to calais . 
  it came to me on its own . 
  but the government is * great * at sending things separately that should be batched together . 
  well , i 'm wearing a cheap t-shirt from asda that was made in bangladesh , but i 'm also wearing a jumper which was made in the uk . 
  my jeans are made in tunisia ( ok , that surprised me ) . 
  my underwear is cambodia ( wat . ) . 
  yeah , it 's not looking good guys !, 
  as an example of the relative decline of european output , take a look at shipbuilding : http://i.imgur.com/kkmaonq.png, 
  the parts come from all over the place as it is . 
  ground up metal from the underground tracks and brakes . 
  it does make us seem completely insane , but i do n't want to change it . 
  a summary would be nice  . 
  sounds like you have some knowledge - what are the differences in benefits between uk and germany ? 
  they looks so fucking stupid . 
  especially with the pointing - as if he wants to ask the teacher a question . 
  is there a similar report available for uk i wonder ? 
  i think ours are meant to be replaced by the f35 really ... but i suppose it 's all one big pot !, 
  i do n't think it 's escaped anyone 's attention that for our increased bombing campaign , we 're only adding another two tornadoes . 
  the rest are eurofighters , but do n't have the same weapons capability . 
  yet ... 
  they 're due to be replaced , but they 're good at what they do . 
  they 're also particularly loud from what i remember at airshows . 
  i would quite like to live in the [ penthouse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k42sn8jmzv8 ) . 
  but i 'd definitely want to get far , far away on a windy day . 
  if it helps , i thought hungary did a good job , 
  definitely . 
  he 'll get missiled sooner or later though . 
  i was trying to be somewhat sarcastic , 
  yes , like refugees . 
  yes please . 
  so easy to get to . 
  which makes me feel quite happy about the cost of london 2012 . 
  mostly in peterborough though , not opposite westminster ... 
  i hope that happens . 
  a rebalanced spain would be good and would by a nice setback for selfish `` me-first '' independence movements that seem to feed off of each other . 
  they blew up the helicopter with the anti-tank missile . 
  what do we have that can do that though ? 
  just helicopters , i thought . 
  you 've only seen the cover so far . 
  us , canada , australia , new zealand ... 
  i think this could be true . 
  people care less and less about assad and more and more about erasing these bastards . 
  nobody is getting conscripted for this shit . 
  well , at least not in my country . 
  not in isolation . 
  these are islamic extremists and they exist wherever there are muslim populations . 
   if it was n't for those damn yanks , we could have kept the war going another 10 years . 
  hey it 's cheaper than bottled water here too !, 
  if you do n't buy a big one . 
  it 's come down recently , but $ 1.60 equivalent in the uk . 
  we can drive from 17 here , but it takes a while to learn . 
  managed to be driving on my own about four months before my 18th . 
  disabled teenagers can learn earlier , i think ( from 16 ) , but i think they still have to wait until 17 to take the test . 
  comcast , comcast and comcast . 
  i 'm beyond sick of anything related to that company . 
  it will look more authentic as a shell . 
  you absolutely can get lost in venice . 
  source : phone battery died at 1am . 
  eventually made it back to the hotel at 4am ... 
  maybe i got out just in time . 
  i was regarding ucl as an exception . 
  i suppose i 'm thinking of goldsmiths and cardiff where a similar world-view has recently been shown to exist , but looking into it the latter is actually more well respected than i thought . 
  also , sadly , not oxbridge . 
  just one of the many oxbridge rejects who went to durham . 
  absolutely , but most headlines and discussions i have seen have been about places such as goldsmiths . 
  hardly top tier . 
  note : this mainly applies to the shit ones . 
  i 'm sure the money was spent on high-value torture equipment ... 
  free money for natives , while immigrants do the dirty work ? 
  sounds like qatar . 
  umm , we say ` ch ' quite a bit and i 'd say it 's one of the easier sounds we make with less variation among the regions than you might find with others such as ` a ' ( castle/grass/bath ) et .
