  the amount of trade is much higher . 
  while leaving the eu is pretty risky and maybe akin to cutting off your arm , leaving the uk is more like slitting your throat . 
   except that most decisions , if not all , have to have unanimous support from the member states . 
  which is the eu 's achilles heel . 
  i do n't think this kind of paralysis is something we should emulate , though i think the vote should have required more than 50 % . 
  scotland wo n't want to joint he eu after brexit . 
  eea/efta is the snp 's new goal status for a separatist scotland . 
  this is because trade with the rest of the uk is incredible important . 
  the same is true of the uk . 
  while we do n't specifically have anything to say no region can leave the uk , it can only happen with the backing of the uk government which is basically the same situation as in the us . 
  scotland only gets a referendum on leaving because westminster allows it . 
  not in any meaningful sense . 
  we 're different countries when playing sports though , except at the olympics it seems . 
  every argument for leaving the uk is the same as leaving the eu , but weaker . 
  my country is the uk , and some irish nationalists snapped a bit off about a century ago . 
  why ? 
  it 's not exactly complicated . 
  i think you 're reading me wrong here . 
  realistically that 's how it should go . 
  that 's a reasonable timespan to get it done properly with minimal damage . 
  i do n't doubt that there will be some brinkmanship though !, 
  your ancestors snapped a bit of my country off . 
  i do n't expect this argument to be used to backtrack . 
  if it 's used at all , it will simply be to get rid of the 2-year countdown . 
  yes . 
  ( though not sure if you 're interpreting ni as something in german , when we 're just meaning northern ireland ), 
  i could imagine the queen refusing to sign laws for a rogue parliament going against the wishes of the people , but that 's not what 's going on here . 
  no , but i do see her arguing for an extension while negotiations are still ongoing . 
  i would n't be surprised if that was the case instead . 
  hopefully there will be a legal case to make it clear . 
  the figures above are net . 
  this is money spent on ni * on top of * the amount ni pays in tax . 
  i could just as easily say that your country is directly responsible for arbitrarily partitioning mine . 
  and we are all british and speak english  . 
  i for one would love for the moravian people free of the shackles of the czech republic !, 
  that may or may not be true . 
  the only certain thing is that lawyers are going to have a lot of billable hours . 
  i 'm not so sure : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/5uljr7/leading_eu_experts_advise_that_eu_notification_of/  there are `` very strong arguments '' that , if parliament decided to reject the available terms of withdrawal two years from now , the notification could be unilaterally revoked by the uk ( paras 2 ( vi ) and 48 ) . 
  `` article 50 can not have the effect of ejecting a member state from the european union contrary to its own constitutional requirements '' , including parliament 's final decision , say the opinion 's authors ( para 2 ( vii ) ) . 
  it 's not fake news , it 's just a bit of history that / r/europe did n't give a shit about until brexit . 
  you 're getting downvoted , but it 's worth discussing . 
  the indy basically cheers any weakening of the uk 's power , finances , traditions and territorial integrity . 
  it did n't used to be this way and i think it was significantly more balanced before it went online only . 
  / r/europe told me we did n't lose any sovereignty in being part of the eu ... 
  regardless , while gibraltarians voted almost 96 % to remain part of the eu , almost 99 % voted to remain part of the uk . 
  gibraltar is obviously happy to be part of the eu , but i seriously doubt they 'd want to be part of spain . 
  proposing what is effectively an annexation could be seen as being somewhat hostile . 
  it offends some people , just like saying the uk is part of europe offends some others . 
  except that 's not comparable . 
  roi and ni are both on the `` island of ireland '' . 
  he 's hilariously argumentative . 
  spends his entire time impotently bitching about the uk . 
  completely true , but does it need to be discussed * every * day ? 
  there are a number of users who spend almost every day on here whining about the uk . 
  the occasional bit of serious discussion or less serious banter is fine , but it 's gone far beyond that . 
  she may not have had especially strong views . 
  she could have been practically 50/50 . 
  these posts have become awfully prevalent on here since the brexit vote . 
  and ? 
  my statement was about you , not him . 
  he 's an entitled idiot , possibly even as much as you . 
  nice whataboutery and generalisations . 
  they are basically regions . 
  the uk is a unitary state . 
  you seem incredibly entitled . 
  most agreements have break clauses . 
  maybe the eu should have planned ahead and included some ? 
  we would be following the treaties to the letter . 
  christ . 
  you 're actually an imperialist . 
  why ? 
  we 're leaving so there 's no need to pay membership fees after two years . 
  except the length of the lease has n't been defined in the contract . 
  the two years notification via article 50 is more than long enough . 
  an exclamation point would have sealed the deal , 
  i think it 's sarcasm , but it 's really hard to tell on / r/europe . 
  they can , in areas where countries have n't relinquish control . 
  immigration and citizenship are in each country 's control . 
  a guarantee/promise is not a treaty . 
  meaningless was a bad choice , but it 's certainly arbitrary . 
  read it . 
  read article 50 and tell me where we ca n't have discussions . 
  which is an arbitrary meaningless tactic on the eu 's part . 
  yes there is . 
  article 50 is n't magic . 
  no reason why it could n't be discussed what citizens rights would be retrained in the ( currently ) hypothetical situation of a50 being triggered . 
  any law the government passes can be revoked . 
  no such thing as an irrevocable law as far as we 're concerned . 
  that 's an arbitrary eu demand . 
  no reason not to quickly agree reciprocal deals for citizens . 
  i expect they are * less likely * to turn up . 
  a lot of people will be thinking `` yeah , the euro sounds like a nice idea '' , but they wo n't care about it as much as the people who want to keep the pound . 
  i 'm suggesting that the turnout amongst the `` i want the euro '' group might be rather low , that 's all . 
  they were , just after the referendum . 
  you can hear plenty of eu member leaders saying they wished the result could be reversed . 
  what 's happened now is that everyone 's accepted that brexit will take place . 
  i think if we were on the continent schengen would be perceived differently . 
  if we were attached to france and could just pop over the border for a few minutes to get lunch or meet friends then it would be very different . 
   anyway , with the way the uk behaved within the eu and what 's happening now , eu will be happy to see the back of em . 
  then why did they keep on asking us to stay ?
