  currently work in an eu-funded building . 
  the arguments i hear down here are generally sovereignty or immigration and the financial support ( which we certainly would n't have received from westminster ) is not going to placate people who care about those two issues . 
  i 'm guessing you voted for a breakup of the uk ? 
  and probably wanted scotland to become a tiny country with absolutely no military whatsoever . 
  that was kind of handy , but a shame they had to go and change half the spellings . 
  hey , we have nineteen combatants . 
  yeah , it 's really weird but seems genuine . 
  @conflicts posted it on twitter . 
  better build some more ships first . 
  arrest video of the frenchman with ~ 100kg of tnt and assorted arms : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekpjzjnfixi alternate article too : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36460569, 
  # 2.3 bn a year on all the intelligence services combined . 
  does n't seem loads to me . 
  gave as good as we got , for what it 's worth : / . 
  the surprisingly low body count reminds me of boscastle near me : [ youtube ] ( https://youtu.be/sxweirnlhbo ) [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boscastle_flood_of_2004 ) . 
  amazingly nobody died and around 150 people were rescued by helicopter . 
  there 's a definite identity to london that 's so dramatically different to any other uk city . 
  i 'm surprised you 'd call it generic . 
  if it would n't protect our overseas territories then it 'll never fly . 
  ok , that seems to be true - had no idea !, 
  i do n't think we necessarily * need * nato , but i think it 's broadly a good idea . 
  of course the us does n't * need * nato either , at least not until china is relatively stronger than the us , which * will * happen . 
  maybe we should remove hawaii from nato then . 
  i 'd be fine with it too . 
  i was n't being sarcastic . 
  ok , well add them , just as long as we include the falklands too !, 
  i do n't recall him ever saying that . 
  i think we 're roughly even on imports/exports of oil . 
  might be worth spoiling your vote ? 
  nah , it 's definitely used on job applications etc , though you can always refuse . 
  we really need a makeover . 
  would they even need to make new content ? 
  i 'm imagining all 2,670 episodes of the jeremy kyle show being made available . 
  i still feel it 'll be closer , just because young people will forget to vote . 
  got # 20 on it being between between 50 and 55 for remain at any rate . 
  i 've never come across one . 
  care to share ? 
  well , you still sort of own it . 
  it 's arguably better than renting , even if i 'd prefer properly owning . 
  all flats are ** leasehold ** , whereas houses can be freehold * or * leasehold . 
  https://www.gov.uk/leasehold-property/overview if the lease is long enough , then i guess it could be as good as owning , but it 's something that 's always put me off . 
  you can extend a lease , but that 'll cost you : http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/mortgages/extend-your-lease, 
  i never said that the us was a terrorist state , just that if we used the same standard by which reddit judges ksa then it should be considered as such . 
  best not to devalue your second ( legitimate , though it was an internal conflict , as opposed to supporting international terrorism ) point with the ridiculous first point . 
   was the support for the ira from the us government or from us citizens there ? 
  i would n't have said so ( apart from one or two rogue politicians as you mentioned ) . 
  my point was that everyone on reddit is very quick to say the ksa as a country supports terrorism/isis . 
  if the usa was held to the same standards regarding the ira , then we would describe the usa as a terrorist state . 
  ( ok , some do already , but it 's a fringe view . ), 
  same with the ira ... if we 're using the same standards with which reddit judges saudi arabia . 
  and if every county in scotland went independent of scotland ... i guess it would more than double again ? 
  not super keen . 
  does n't compare to hms vengeance or hms defender . 
  stick to naming hospitals and parks after liz . 
  naming ships after people seems rather american !, 
  well , the uk was * created * when england and scotland teamed up and that 's when we made the flag . 
  england actually contained wales because we 'd conquered them . 
  and that 's why they do n't get represented on the flag . 
  or so i 'm told . 
  and if they smuggled the bomb aboard in paris , why not put it on a european flight . 
  an easyjet or a major european flag carrier would have been more effective target , to me at least . 
  interesting . 
  i 've never been to an indian in the uk and not had it staffed by indians ( or more likely pakistanis/bangladeshis ) . 
  you can go to the whitest area , like mine , and very very rarely see a non-white person . 
  but there are still three indian restaurants in my local town of 8,000 people . 
  it was european-led ffs . 
  we fucking hate dollars . 
  we did n't intervene until there was civil war . 
  libya was going to fall . 
  we sped the process up . 
  who applied sanctions ? 
  haha !, 
  that 's brilliant . 
  i love how small it is - imagine a tiny australia with miniature towns and miniature people . 
  cut price deals ... 
  but also very good coverage . 
  in my area roughly equal to ee . 
  far ahead of o2 and vodafone . 
  well they were * british * terrorists after all !, 
  it 's just that they did n't want to be ... 
  yup . 
  they has codewords they used when they phoned the police which confirmed that they were serious . 
  sometimes they did n't phone though . 
  / u/falconberger said muslim , not arab or any other race . 
  could easily be one of those twattish white converts . 
  each of our national governments has to approve it and we 'll see the document when it 's ready . 
  i 'm not particularly worried . 
  call it what you want , but that seems really petty ... 
  i wonder if a fewer or greater number of people would be afflicted by claustrophobia than fear of flying . 
  what ? 
  we 've always been pro-sanctions and been actively pushing the case against russia to the usa ( in particular i remember theresa may addressing the republicans and talking of the importance of nato and standing up to russia , right when trump was still in the putin bromance ) . 
  is germany a russian lapdog ? 
  :'( well , i did only get a b in gcse french and it was over a decade ago ... 
  how did i do ? 
  the majority were rules by an elite , but the same was true with england . 
  that 's what we net contributors do every single year . 
  while we remain members , yes . 
  yes , but legally as a member we have a right to be part of negotiations . 
  i expect we 'd be happy to sit it out . 
  for a price . 
  lol,
