  it was called * birmingham : it 's not shit * . 
  i 'm not convinced either . 
  to be fair there are only two main groups of buildings like this in london and only one , pictured , is central . 
  i think the cross looks a little too thick . 
  maybe a cheap knockoff . 
  you forgot to visit the north . 
  just because you did n't have the highest score ... 
  still invented the web , but yeah , we 've been slacking for the last few decades ... 
  well for us it was usually positive i think , until iraq . 
  afghanistan was n't great but iraq really finished it off . 
  because white guilt tbh . 
  it 's a better name than the unfortunately named milf . . 
  nice , 160 years ago they were going the same speed as my current maximum speed on the railway . 
  there 's definitely a difference , but both are rather ` controlling ' . 
  their differences are more about the economy and welfare than law and order . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/section_63_of_the_criminal_justice_and_immigration_act_2008 they certainly did n't like certain types of porn - pretty sure this law included fisting !, 
  labour are pretty authoritarian . 
  lib dems are the only national non-authoritarian option and their vote collapsed . 
  pls no, 
  of course they say that . 
  and of course it wo n't happen . 
  it 's mostly fine as it is , with the exception of there being far too many of them and not enough younger members . 
  personally i would n't be * hugely * bothered . 
  a group of marines soldiers seem rather unlikely candidates for a group of hijackers . 
  it 's just weird though . 
  very unusual when i ca n't even take more than 100ml of a particular liquid . 
  just because they do n't * need * it does n't mean it would n't look really cool . 
  i ca n't really think of any jokes about the french , even if we call them frogs though : /, 
  too busy with such gems as #how do you sink an irish submarine ? 
  ^ ( knock on the door ! ), 
  yeah , i 'm hardly outraged reading that . 
  is quite different to `` could you please fire over there - particularly in that corner where the light is just lovely '' . 
  i ca n't see that happening . 
  it 's going to be interesting if more countries are drawn in - e.g. 
  india or brazil . 
  i 'll give you cvf/trident , but i 'm not sure the raf is the shining example it could be right now . 
  i think you 'll find that by not paying for actual gyms we 're actually saving money !, 
  in some ways yes , but in others we 're certainly playing catch-up with france . 
  then again , they do spend a little more than us . 
  true , though i think that 's a mere 6 % of the defence budget . 
  i guess we do keep on buying expensive equipment - overspending on projects and then cutting the numbers we actually buy at the end ( see type 45 ) . 
  we spend more than italy and germany and we get * this * ? 
  but rather cosy with the ( former ) second world , 
  the last i heard they were considering changing it by referendum , but `` no change '' is the likely outcome unless things have changed recently . 
  in the longer term i might agree , but i do n't think nz is going to dump it just yet . 
  australia is n't . 
  they do what they want and it just shows our history . 
  that said , i do like the modern canadian flag . 
  surely it would be easier just to run with [ this ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02885/union-jack_2885421e.jpg ) ? 
  hey , they shot first !, 
  can confirm that cornish cheese will be labelled as cornish cheese when in cornwall . 
  the language is dead . 
  very dead . 
  except on signposts . 
  hermetically sealed sounds good if it will improve our weather ... 
  asian in the uk generally refers to the indian subcontinent and in this case , i suspect , pakistani . 
  elsewhere , but things in north africa wo n't be improving for quite a while . 
  i did n't realise it either . 
  even being just a few miles from britain 's most southerly point i learn that i 'm still on a level with canada . 
  that 's why it 's special !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%2771_ ( film ) yup , it 's good . 
  dat green banana though . 
  ^ ( thanks for messing it up , italy . ), 
  well as long as it 's not needed to support the bases . 
  are n't those surrounding areas where the base personnel live ? 
  regardless , this probably wo n't change much . 
  it 's not as if there are border checkpoints or anything . 
  thanks - i guess that makes sense !, 
  when the cubans got into it it got a bit weird ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-21082793, 
  the flag thing is just weird to me . 
  i love our flag , but it 's kinda weird to see it being used by so many foreign nationals . 
  noticed it a lot on holiday . 
  then again i see the american flag around here on many things for absolutely no reason ... 
  correct . 
  it can be quite handy sometimes . 
  i used to be a tour guide as a summer job and i was able to say that '' [ particular plant ] grows nowhere else in great britain '' , safe in the knowledge that the fact it grew in northern ireland did n't count !, 
  we use great britain for the olympics and presumably other occasions , but it 's not without controversy , but teams from ni can compete either for ireland or for team gb . 
  we also have gb on our car number plates and i ca n't really justify that ... 
  oh god i really screwed up . 
  pretend this never happened . 
   it 's truly pretty nice here . 
  confirmed . 
  that 's why we invade every summer . 
  a common misconception that i do n't think we 'll ever quite clear up . 
  but as usual , here 's a venn diagram to help anyone who 's confused : http://www.thecolourblue.co.uk/uk_venn.png, 
  france likes itself the most ? 
  this all checks out . 
  apparently there are some liabilities that go with it . 
  i miss those days ... 
  right after they 've been utterly pavewayed . 
  i 'm sure they 're just passing through ... guess we 'll see them at calais !, 
  may he have particularly hard coursework and impossible exams . 
  we 're the top tier non-u.s. partner . 
  it 's certainly not a pure american plane and will have plenty of british components as far as i 'm aware ... edit : from some press release : the following british companies were recognised at today 's event : bae systems designed and manufactures the aft fuselage , horizontal tails and vertical tails for the f-35 cobham designed and manufactures the refueling probe for the f-35b short takeoff/vertical landing ( stovl ) and the f-35c carrier variant ( cv ) edm produces components for the weapons load trainer system and the ejection seat maintenance trainer for the f-35 ge aviation produces the electrical power management system , the remote input/output unit , standby flight display , and the backshop battery charger for the f-35 honeywell developed and produces the f-35 's power thermal management system . 
  additionally , honeywell is a provider of the f-35 's life support system martin-baker designed and manufactures the f-35 ejection seat mbda produces the advanced short range air-to-air missile ( asraam ) , which can be installed within the weapons bay and on external wing stations of the aircraft . 
  mbda is also working with lockheed martin and the uk ministry of defence to integrate the meteor missile into a future upgrade of the uk 's f-35 fleet re thompson produces casings for batteries onboard the f-35 rolls-royce provides the lift system for the f-35b stovl , which consists of the lift fan , the three-bearing swivel module , the roll post modules and the lift fan vane box . 
  these components are essential for stovl operations selex es ltd designed and builds the lasers that are the key component for the electro optical targeting system survitec group provides all pilot flight equipment for every f-35 pilot around the world ultra electronics produces suspension release equipment for the f-35 utc aerospace systems produces the weapons bay door drive system , utilities actuation and uplock components for the f-35, 
  yeah , that was a while ago . 
  hoping things are different now !, 
  how can they square that with democracy and self-determination ?
