at home , windows 8.1 . 
  love it . 
  i 've flirted with linux before . 
  quite enjoyed arch , but it really was too much effort . 
  what the hell !? 
  they actually chickened out ? 
  i would have loved to see some pictures of it on fire - the cybernats would have gone into meltdown !, 
  i do n't remember reading any debunking as such . 
  i remember an article that talked about how the statistic did not reflect quality of life ... but that 's it . 
  spain !, 
  yet poorer than all us states other than mississippi ( iirc ) ... 
  yes , because otherwise we 'll probably continue laying off the army and building fewer and fewer ships for each new replacement class ... 
  it looks amazing at night . 
  never got an ` evil ' vibe from it though . 
  cheaper when it 's automated , but my experience of toll roads usually means a load of barriers at each end and some people taking your precious coins !, 
  i just think it 's more sensible , if you want to take money from drivers , and the amount of driving they do , to tax petrol . 
  seems rather inefficient to build a road and a load of toll infrastructure . 
  it costs more to build and more to maintain . 
  the question is : are they actually carrying nukes ? 
  spain , you 're alright . 
  i love your relaxed attitude to almost everything - especially safety . 
  bulls running through streets . 
  why not ? 
  fireworks aimed at random over large crowds of people . 
  of course !, 
  i just find it refreshing . 
  germany - i 've never been , but your tourists always seem nice , 
  as i child i hated your weird crusty bread . 
  now i think it is the best bread . 
  i do n't know what it 's like now but in the early/mid 2000s school funding seemed to dramatically increase , but did n't really improve things ... 
  it would n't be so bad if we had managed to balance the books yet . 
  but we have n't , we 're not even close . 
  this is going to massively benefit ukip . 
  that 's basically an admission that they do n't have enough planes at all . 
  if there were $ 1bn in those lorries it would surely be the world 's greatest heist if they were taken ? 
  i too have once experienced the russian postal service . 
  i can certainly say it rivals argentina in promptness !, 
  at least this incident should keep everyone on their toes . 
  i live next to a royal navy base with ~ 30 anti submarine helicopters which were designed during the cold war ( but delivered since around 2000 ) . 
  a lot of people said they were a waste of money , but i 'm glad we have them now . 
  you 'd expect them to actually buy one or two anti-submarine helicopters , just to shut the media up . 
  seems like most are effectively mothballed . 
  i 'm not certain , but i think the bulk of the bomb is fine - just a load of explosives and a core . 
  these do n't deteriorate much . 
  it 'll be the actual firing mechanism/electronics which will need replacing . 
  know about it . 
  i think it makes a lot of sense for corporate sites . 
  much prefer it to www.sitename.com/europe , but that 's generally how it goes down . 
  i rarely seem to venture outside of . co.uk or . com though . 
  these days . net seems to be dead . 
  increased hostility , despite every numberplate now having the eu stars on !? 
   because many belgians erroneously believed that the car owner was not subject to the belgian car tax do belgians still believe this ? 
  unless sadness has a value of between 0 and 1 ... 
  well , reddit seems to go with ingin . 
  which is a word that has never been said by anyone outside of the usa . 
  the correct phrase is ingerland , as shouted at the world cup . 
  ^ ( and yes , it 's england , not britain . 
  which is kind of the point . ), 
  if it 's in your waters , i suppose it 's probably finders keepers . 
  tourists : in cornwall they 're german . 
  they 're * all * german . 
  it 's thanks to [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/travel/2013/oct/04/rosamunde-pilcher-german-tourists-cornwall ) apparently . 
  ^ ( french and spanish occasionally . 
  this is based entirely upon the cars i see , so no idea about those who fly . ), 
  immigrants : polish were popular a while ago , but the local farms seem to employ a lot of lithuanians now . 
  i know a latvian girl who moved here for work too . 
  i think this underestimates how much * new stuff * we 'll be able to do with such viable automation . 
  projects which are currently impossible without paying people < < nmw will become possible , with a few people at the top managing them . 
  not for much longer . 
  if this keeps up , employers will be forced to pay more as the labour supply dries up . 
  ^ ( unless you lot all move here ! ), 
  it 's high , but a certain amount of that is people working cash-in-hand . 
  from what i can make out , sierra leone has been a bit of a personal project for the uk , what with a fair amount of aid and of course the military intervention a decade ago or so . 
  in modern times nobody cares . 
  i was taught that , * he * is to * who * as * him * is to * whom * . 
  in this case i would say that `` he is/was the most popular '' , so i think that ` who ' is actually what should have been used . 
  i think your instincts are correct . 
  and all that blood is highly infectious and cleaning it up is extremely tiresome . 
  they do n't seem to go in for the full-beards at least . 
  a problem shared is a problem halved !, 
  we watch it while drinking and making fun of everyone . 
  i have no idea how the last few ended - it 's pretty blurry . 
  if anyone wants to pay me to ** not ** go for a weekend in madrid , speak up . 
  ^ ( otherwise say hello to uk patient zero . ), 
  or get ludicrously fat , so that you ca n't be conscripted . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  discovered that sub today and it seems absolutely brilliant . 
  hope it stays that way . 
  thank god for north korea !, 
  it 's all relative . 
  where is the centre ? 
  somewhere in the middle of all the parties . 
  maybe you 're right in that the centre has drifted right , but labour is still left of centre , even if it is n't left of what was centre forty years ago . 
  we 're not best pleased with them , but i struggle to see how they 're worse than your republican party !, 
  100w is n't much for a powerful laptop , is it ? 
  we can get more , but remember we have a fairly dense population . 
  we 'd look more successful if this was wind power per area . 
  it does tend to piss off the scots and welsh . 
  ^ ( also northern ireland . ), 
  dammit france .
