  while i 've been both to ni and roi , i 've never actually crossed the border there . 
  i imagine there may be sporadic intelligence-led customs checks ? 
  that 's just a guess . 
  ni & roi post brexit could look a bit more like the norway-sweden border . 
  who have we hurt ? 
  we 're willing to do free trade deals . 
   look at all the news here , look at the way uk politicians , businessmen etc are treated at conferences . 
  and no doubt / r/europe would be surprised if leave won by a larger margin in a second round . 
   because europeans could come to ireland on their rights as eu citizens and then would have access to britain . 
  right that seems obvious now . 
  no , that 's not a problem . 
  eu citizens will all be able to * visit * the uk directly . 
  no point sneaking in the back door . 
  the only issue is of customs . 
  there may need to be customs checks , but that 's it . 
  hey , that was good !, 
  ^ ( particularly the game you won coming from behind that netted me # 80 ), 
  multiple strawmen . 
  nice . 
  i actually voted remain , but * as a country * we voted the way we did because we judged the cost was too high . 
  while i personally thought the deal was `` relatively fair '' if not great , it 's perfectly reasonable to come to the opposite conclusion depending on how you weight each of your criteria . 
  it was a relatively fair deal , but the cost was too high ( not necessarily in payments , but also in accepting free movement ) . 
  we do not expect such a comprehensive deal , but we do expect it to be * balanced * . 
  meyer 's shipyard in papenburg , germany , can built up to at least 350m iirc . 
  it was n't us who tried to sink the ceta . 
  we 'll practically let anything pass providing the eu is being reasonable . 
  mate , you 're a one man hate machine . 
  we 're sick of you . 
  well if the eu would offer a decent free trade deal maybe this could all take a back seat ? 
  we do n't have the weather for people to come here for that unless it 's * really * cheap . 
  it surprises me that these countries seem so in favour of unrestricted free movement . 
  it has hit them pretty hard . 
  we will have freedom of movement for people between ireland and uk , but there will likely be customs checks , but these wo n't require cars to stop ( except for random checks ) . 
  if the eu was a sovereign state , it would matter . 
  it 's not . 
  it is * you * who presume the eu has a right to dictate uk-roi relations . 
  this is false . 
  but while it shares a land border with the uk , it makes more sense to stay outside . 
  that is just my opinion of course , but i 'd be surprised to see ireland join because the benefits would be few . 
  i see little benefit for an island joining schengen . 
  never say never , but i seriously doubt it . 
  the point is that ireland is n't in schengen . 
  the calais migrants can not get off the continent easily and if they did , they would try the south coast of england where it 's closer . 
  i understand the efta , but my understanding is that it 's being outside * customs union * that creates the need for customs checks . 
  i could be wrong , but i 've not seen any evidence to the contrary . 
  the other issue is free movement of people , but the uk and ireland had that before the eu came along and as we 're both outside of schengen it can continue . 
  it is surprising to hear that norway is in the single market but outside the customs union though . 
  true , but has anyone said it 's a problem ? 
  the customs union is the one that always gets mentioned . 
  are they in ireland ? 
  the uk is also a member in its own right as previously mentioned . 
  it 's going to be a bumpy road for both of us however . 
  yes , but the border can be like norway-sweden . 
  a much bigger political crisis would be * not * proceeding with brexit . 
  yes it 's complicated , but why is the eu being unable to agree to it 's schedule after 12 years not considered just as big a problem ? 
  it 'll be enough for eu migrants . 
  with the threat of deportation you 'd just go to another wealthy eu country . 
  ireland is a sovereign nation . 
  we will decide how our border works together . 
  it 's not anymore the business of italy than it is the business of mexico . 
  they 've been london based for years , but they conducted a review relatively recently and announced they 'd stay . 
  most there will be is a customs border . 
  this can be relatively painless like the norway-sweden border . 
  cars are not forced to stop and there is free movement . 
  no , we had free movement before the eu . 
  as far as i can tell , we are still a member of the wto in our own right ( we were a founding member and still are , but the eu is * also * a member ) , though negotiations will be needed to adjust the tariffs for the longer term ( as the eu will also need to do , having lost the uk ) . 
  it should be noted that the * current * wto schedule for the enlarged eu has n't been agreed yet , but the eu seems to have no problems trading . 
  it is likely that we will just trade on current tariffs initially , at least where countries do n't change * their * tariffs for our goods . 
  theresa has n't threatened a trade war . 
  she 's said that we may lower taxes . 
  that 's completely different . 
  as for security cooperation , i envisage that we will still be in nato and would still help in an actual war . 
  however i imagine we may stop helping in the migrant crisis in the med , stop sharing intelligence on extremists from mi5/sis/gchq , but only if a reasonable tariff free trade deal is n't reached . 
  not an issue for us . 
  we 'll still be letting any eu citizens visit on holiday anyway , so going straight to heathrow is probably a better idea !, 
  getting rid of free movement merely means removing the right to work or live long term , and gaining the ability to deport . 
  we 're not abandoning allies . 
  we 're just leaving a political union . 
  we 're hardly looking for bad relations with our nearest neighbours and we 're still staying in nato . 
  walked up here many a time . 
  very nice place and feels extremely wild when it 's windy . 
  that 's a non-starter . 
  a free trade deal would be nice though , 
  both uk and ireland want an open border here . 
  providing the eu does n't try to use it as a negotiating lever for something unreasonable it will be fine . 
  nah , we 're aware it 's an issue and we 're committed to an open border as is ireland . 
  the eu has no business stopping the uk and ireland coming to a sensible arrangement . 
  ending trade ? 
  quitting wto ? 
  this is news to me !, 
  also i 'd argue that security cooperation is rather our bargaining chip and not the eu 's . 
  i nothing will happen until we 're out . 
  but after ? 
  quite possible as long as we do ok . 
  would you look at all that austerity . 
  wait ... i do n't see any . 
  we will still do a lot of trade with europe after ( like canada and the us ) . 
  we just wo n't be paying into the political part of the european project . 
   an average deal that had no tarrifs to one of the biggest if not the biggest economies in the world . 
  the us is probably the biggest economy in the world and is * definitely * the biggest in the world if you take the uk out of the eu .
