  we had to pay for access , both with money and accepting rather strict conditions on freedom of movement , which is not true of other free trade areas . 
  admittedly the eea is more comprehensive than most , but the price is high . 
   also it allowed london to be the the economic capital of the world . 
  london has a long history of being a financial capital which was the case long before the eu came into being . 
   its undediable that some companies will move their headquarters in case of a hard brexit the question is just how many . 
  it 's also undeniable that some companies will move their headquarters to the uk . 
  ( see recent stories in / r/europe ) . 
  both will happen and i suspect that the net movement wo n't be particularly significant . 
  luckily free trade deals can be mutually beneficial . 
  we have an average deal . 
  do n't forget to subtract the uk economy from the eu economy first . 
  and do n't forget that hsbc has always sounded a bit flighty . 
  they were considering hong kong recently . 
  if the tax-take from having more multinationals based here is higher than what we lose by setting the rate a bit lower , then potentially quite a lot . 
  is it a good idea to encourage a lower-iq group to reproduce faster than a high-iq group ? 
  i know i 'll be accused of eugenics for mentioning this , but i 'd argue that the policy above is already eugenics . 
  ( yes , environmental factors are important too , but genetics does play a part ) . 
  africa is way fucking bigger than the eu . 
  we do that to an extent . 
  did lead to a belief that it just encouraged chavs to have more babies to get a free council flat , which was n't seen as a good thing . 
  because the change they want is usually to reverse something . 
  wait , do americans talk about rudolph the caribou ? 
  american english basically censored titbit . 
  think of the children !, 
  well said . 
  this place is remarkably imperialistic . 
  for me it 's particularly fun to see a couple of irish get in on the action - the old might-is-right attitude lives on . 
  yes , hopefully there will be a deal that we can accept because it 's good for both sides . 
  more misinformed nationalist bollocks . 
  it 's getting boring . 
  large tariffs on uk goods , small tariffs on eu goods . 
  an imbalanced trade deal would be worse than wto . 
  a hilarious and common misconception - ireland is on an island and we 're not worried about free movement between those two countries . 
  having left the eu we 'll be able to stop people living/working in the uk . 
  we 're not going to stop anyone visiting . 
  sure , eu citizens can cross the border in ireland , but they can also catch a flight to gatwick . 
  and we 're not a fucking country that will accept a deal that 's worse than no deal . 
  why say it ? 
  to remind the eu that they ca n't just force us to accept a one-sided deal . 
  nothing wrong with stating facts , just like the eu keeps on saying no single market without free movement ( which by your definition could be a threat itself ) . 
  it 's not a threat . 
  it 's a statement that we wo n't take a deal for the sake of it . 
  a deal will have to be worth it to * both * parties . 
  wto rules . 
  i do n't think there will be * no * deal . 
  i expect a mutually beneficial deal , but probably not a particularly extensive one . 
  read his second sentence . 
  he implies that only the british have said anything threatening , which is demonstrably false . 
  if we want an open border and you want an open border then by definition it will be the eu 's fault . 
  it 's not , however , a schengen border . 
  plenty of realism . 
  a fair deal , or no deal . 
  that 's perfectly realistic . 
  i doubt much will happen , but if it does we might have affordable houses !, 
  why would it matter ? 
  the raw material cost is let 's say in euros and dollars . 
  sure , we 'll pay more pounds for that import , but then we get those back when we export . 
  plus our value-added is cheaper . 
  not enough to keep it . 
  i make no judgement about whether the eu * should * be more flexible , just that it was n't flexible enough to keep the uk as a member . 
  the uk has offered far more concessions to scotland than the eu offered to the uk in that `` renegotiation '' . 
  i think the trade deals are a really big positive , but as you say it could be years before they bare any fruit . 
  being able to low import duty may be pretty good , though i 've not really explored the possibilities . 
  basically eu import duties may be set very high in certain areas because certain countries have demanded that - let 's say that spain produces product x and because of this the eu has set high import duty on the same product from other nations where it 's half the cost . 
  outside the eu if we do n't make product x in the uk , then we can lower the import duty and suddenly we start buying from outside of the eu at a reduced cost . 
  we benefit , the third-country benefits . 
  and , well , admittedly spain does not ... also we can get rid of that fucking cookie law . 
  with regards to who spain allows to stay in their country , the ball is squarely in spain 's court . 
  they can decide to have this free money , or not . 
  up to them . 
  it could be argued that this is exactly what brexit has been . 
  a slow rise from a fringe party right to national policy . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't follow - surely when you charge someone for their healthcare expenses you actually charge them the total cost for all their healthcare ? 
  every time they use a service , it gets charged to the nhs . 
  i suppose they 're excluded from preventative costs ( like poster campaigns etc ) , but what else ? 
  i sympathise with the property prices thing . 
  we had that in cornwall , with londoners buying up second homes and pricing locals out . 
  however , i really do n't sympathise with the health care side of things . 
  we pay the cost in full and provide lots of extra jobs for highly paid doctors and supporting staff right down to nurses and cleaners . 
  do you think the queues would get shorter if the retirees left and paid for their healthcare elsewhere ? 
  i think the short answer would be no . 
  if there are long queues in areas with british , that 's because the government has n't been spending the money where it 's needed and rather using the money from where the british are to fund areas where they 're not . 
  if the world worked like that it would never have been possible to form the eu in the first place . 
  yes , the eu is very expensive for you guys . 
  i just use france as an example as we 're similar in size ( population and gdp at least ) , so i think they 're good to use as a benchmark . 
  maybe they 're treated too well ? 
   brexit is n't temporary . 
  it is permanent . 
  it 's weird how some brits think they can simply leave and then come back again . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  any fresh accession process might take a decade , if the e.u. 
  even allows it , which they wo n't . 
  the u.k. would be like a serial deadbeat trying to get a big loan . 
  possible . 
  but if brexit is demonstrated to be bad for both the eu and the uk after a number of years , i do n't see why rejoining would be off the menu . 
  it 's more balanced and you do n't get downvoted to death for discussing positives about brexit . 
  there was no flexibility when it counted , sadly . 
  cameron 's ` deal ' showed that . 
  i 'm not saying whether or not the eu would be right to offer flexibility , just that it would probably have kept us in . 
  i respect the viewpoint that there are red lines for the eu , but you must respect that the uk has those too .
