  that 's not the same as agreeing to pay after leaving . 
  would you rather we 'd just refused to agree to any budget ? 
  can you please find me the termination clause in the eu treaties ? 
  is n't that what 's going to happen anyway ? 
  we 're talking about # 50bn . 
  if you think you 've got a 1 % chance of winning you 'd still go to court . 
   the uk ca n't seriously expect to get a preferential trade agreement with the eu as long as there is no agreement on how to split . 
  the eu ca n't seriously expect to get a massive sum of money from the uk as long as there is no condition to put an extremely generous preferential trade agreement in place . 
  man this is hilarious . 
  love it when subs try to claim the moral high ground , but they 're all as bad as each other . 
  with planes it would n't take long . 
  uk airport could easily handle 1 million a day if they had to . 
  trade deals do not have freedom of movement . 
  as we are constantly told * membership * of the single market is much more than a trade deal . 
  there 's literally no way the government could get away with keeping fom . 
  ceta option or bust . 
  then the uk and the eu are incompatible and brexit is the clear way forward . 
  that 's not how you win them back now , is it . 
  some were indeed as you say , but most are extremely nice people . 
  the eu threw us a few crumbs , but refused to budge even a little on fom . 
   i have never been fan of uk due to obvious reasons which are ? 
  if we are able to work out a comprehensive free trade agreement , along with no freedom of movement , sure !, 
  leaving is not stabbing anyone in the back . 
  there are simply irreconcilable differences between what the eu will allow and what the uk public will accept . 
  the single market still has plenty of barriers . 
  what could one more do ? 
  the conservatives were worried about ukip precisely because they could cannibalise their votes in a way that lib dems/labour could n't . 
   british euroscepticism is not half a decade old affair . 
  the main proponents of euroscepticism , ukip , were perceived as an absolute joke of a party . 
  in many ways they are , but you can not deny that a lot changed in a few short years . 
  it would be interesting to see some analysis using a non-european language where very few speakers can be found in europe ( and those that are should be evenly distributed ) . 
  if the eu is prepared to concede some ground on migration maybe we wo n't have to . 
  this hero worship is hilarious . 
  realistically no . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's not significantly smaller , our net eu payments and gni are neck and neck . 
  interesting point . 
  those low tariffs should limit the damage of brexit then , 
  it 's actually gni rather than gdp , though the difference is subtle . 
  i thought it was pretty clear , however , that we were talking about net payments , where france and the uk are neck and neck . 
  if you look over time our eu contributions are essentially the same . 
  sometimes we pay more , sometimes they pay more . 
  sometimes we have a bigger gdp , sometimes they do . 
  we did n't `` storm off '' because of the cap , but i do think it would be a very big roadblock to our return down the line . 
  i still think it 's absolutely ridiculous that 40 % of the eu budget is spent on cap . 
  with the rebate we pay a fair amount into the eu . 
  i do n't think our current situation is unfair to us or the french . 
  but it 's probably unfair to other less agricultural countries . 
  so apparently we get a huge chunk of money from france , yet * still * we pay about the same into the eu as they do ? 
  you do n't think that might show that there 's some inherent imbalance in the eu ? 
  if you 're paying more than your fair share it may be because of the cap . 
  we ** do ** pay a fair amount : about the same as france , a very similar county to mine in terms of wealth/population . 
  it 's more that it is the reason why we need a rebate . 
  i ca n't see us getting a rebate if we rejoin , but i ca n't see us rejoining if our net payments jump to ridiculous levels ( at the moment we 're about level with france ) . 
  call us when you 've fixed cap . 
  that 's because countries have decided to police their national borders . 
  there 's no requirement for that in eu law . 
  unless ireland was forced to join schengen i do n't see how it is an issue of concern to the eu . 
  there would be no need for passport checks . 
  it would just be a customs border . 
  when will that discussion happen though ? 
  anti-monarchists will be seen as very tasteless if they push the issue right after the queen 's death - it could backfire . 
  ridiculous nationalist meme . 
  yet it still suggests they see a long future for their uk operations . 
  scentrance would be pretty quick once the currency issue is sorted , it 's scexit that would take the time !, 
  scots are roughly 50-50 on trident . 
  i agree . 
  presumably you are against a new referendum in scotland ? 
  or at least just one with a requirement of supermajority ? 
  it was just as divided before . 
  you just notice it more now when things are going your way . 
  legally yes . 
  morally i 'd still say yes until the 2020s . 
  this does look identical to our new rescue helicopters though ( presumably these are also operated by bristow ) . 
  if it takes 2 years to sort if brexit , i 'm sure it would take at least as long for scexit . 
  the eu will also have to renegotiate it 's wto deal . 
  doubt it would be politically possible . 
  the net transfer of funds to ni ( around # 10bn/yr ) is the slightly greater than the net transfer of funds from the uk to the eu . 
  the uk is one of the main contributors that the eu is about to lose . 
  current eu funding to ni is around # 0.4 - # 0.5 billion per year . 
  it 's one solution , but not a very nice one . 
  comparable to saying that the ideal solution would be no population in southern ireland , then it could easily be unified !, 
  i really doubt it would be badly received by any country . 
  it 's not seen as offensive because it 's the flag of an organisation not a country . 
  also note that political cartoons are always mean . 
  seriously , have a look at them ; may does n't exactly get off lightly . 
  the eu stance was a political decision . 
  if they wanted to reassure people then an exception would have been made . 
  if the uk and roi maintain freedom of movement for their citizens this will include a equal access to the jobs market . 
  all these trade deals ? 
  it 's only the maroon counties on top of the eea . 
  vast majority of extra-eu trade is under wto rules . 
  a trade deal with the 27 matters , but the rest shown here really does n't matter . 
  i blamed you for voting nationalist . 
  i 'm hoping a scottish unionist party can be formed to kill off the snp . 
  if scotland voted for a non-labour scottish unionist party that would be fine too . 
  why do you think we 'd be happy with separatists in power ? 
  we find them as obnoxious as ukip . 
  that 's my point . 
  they 'd take a huge economic hit and be required to send money to brussels,
