  same landscape but car parks that do n't cost a fortune !, 
  the scots are fine . 
  we just do n't like the snp . 
  or at least those voters that are n't full left wing do n't . 
  really do n't think we 'll be leaving europe anyway . 
  land 's end . 
  most westerly point in mainland uk . 
  the only reason people go is to see that stupid sign post ... 
  it 's an awful tourist trap . 
   the china vs usa war is going to hit the economy hard . 
  even if something like that does n't happen , the us forces leaving europe to go asia is going to be interesting ... 
  in many ways i find / r/unitedkingdom indistinguishable from here ... 
  get a compass and follow it south . 
  ca n't go wrong . 
  ^ ( unless you just end up in the bay of biscay . ), 
  i laugh every single time at that comic . 
  it 's just brutally , unnecessarily cruel . 
  we 're still mates though !, 
  thanks for the alliance and the eternal maddie mystery ... 
  certainly less explodey . 
  depends where you go . 
  obviously if you hang around on / r/redpill you 're going to think the mras are louder , but if you spend hours on / r/shitredditsays , you 'll think otherwise . 
  well i suppose he could be called a person of colour . 
  apparently we do n't say `` ethnic minority '' now . 
  it has become `` minority ethnic '' . 
  i do n't even ... 
   ... as it * is * ... shit . 
  it already happened !, 
  he 'll try renegotiations , mostly fail but be given some scraps which he 'll hold up as some sort of golden trophy . 
  i think the anti-snp tone worked . 
  but probably not greece ... 
  if they did n't , we 'd have been left with a fragile minority government . 
  there are no ` bonus ' mps for getting the largest share of the total vote . 
  however , having the largest share of the vote would be beneficial in negotiations but it 's not set in stone . 
  in the past it seemed that labour usually got more mps than conservatives when they had the same vote share . 
  however , with the snp killing it in scotland , labour have possibly lost this advantage as the conservatives have very little to lose up there . 
  note that in 2005 the labour to tory vote was 35.2 % to 32.4 % ( a difference of just 2.8 ) , which led to 355 to 198 seats ( difference of 157 seats ) . 
  in 2010 the labour to tory vote was 29.0 % to 36.1 % ( difference of 7.1 ) , which led to 258 to 306 seats ( difference of just 48 seats ) . 
  so you can see that in the past , the vote distribution has been in labour 's favour , but this may have ended !, 
  first seats will be around 11pm bst ( 10pm gmt/utc ) . 
  sunderland is often first ( they basically treat it as a race ) . 
  not that that particular seat will be a surprise as it 's labour heartland . 
  mine is sadly one of the last to be counted as our constituency includes the isles of scilly , so i think the votes come to the mainland by boat . 
  we achieved that through a trial-and-error approach . 
  we have simply crashed on every dangerous corner or crossing and patched them up as we go alone . 
  ahh , we 're good then . 
  i still think the tories would offer a referendum because not doing so would lead to even more defectors to ukip . 
  they have to offer the vote , but i 'm sure will campaign to remain in . 
  i do n't look favourably upon it , but i think labour were far worse when it came to introducing fees . 
  - they had a sizeable majority . 
  - said they would n't raise fees . 
  - raised fees . 
  what about them ? 
  they were n't a majority . 
  well it * is * in their manifesto . 
  but then plenty of parties who win majorities ignore key manifesto pledges . 
  ^ ( i 'm looking at you , labour . ), 
  the elections start with being about ` austerity ' and your view on it . 
  then add a splash of snp and a big dollop of immigration ( i think more ukip votes are anti-immigration rather than anti-eu ) . 
  then sprinkle some trident over the lot ( but be careful not to breath it in ) . 
  without a conservative majority , there probably wo n't be an eu referendum . 
  nah , we wo n't leave . 
  but we 'll keep on inexplicably sending ukip to the european parliament ... 
  across the whole country . 
  that 's what he was saying . 
  they 're a niche party , but clearly successful in their niche . 
   well you would expect that , considering they are a separate nation of people . 
  ahh , so not all people can be considered equal . 
  when was that done ? 
  tis just nimbyism anyway . 
  in my area everyone is up in arms about a quarry . 
  a fucking quarry !, 
  the most recent polls say that the uk population supports a new generation of submarines , if there is no credible cheaper option ( and i do n't believe there is ) . 
  if it was * that * big an issue , then the nats would have won the referendum . 
  i know a lot of people care , but even those who do give a shit generally do n't think about it day-to-day . 
  true , but they are n't a credible option in my constituency . 
  plus i can still imagine ed trading it for power with the snp , even if he says he wo n't . 
  of course they would n't scrap it , they 'd just delay it another five years , despite needing to get the ball rolling now . 
  if you are a fireman it is * incredibly important * to be physically fit and capable of carrying heavy loads , especially as a team !, 
  ^ ^ http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/georgia-davis-woman-once-dubbed-9148018, 
  this could be a `` new reality '' , or it could be a blip . 
  we could be back to normal in a decade and i feel that 's what the big parties are betting on . 
  i was being semi-sarcastic . 
  they were n't great , but the upcoming mess feels like it could be worse . 
  it 's one of the main reasons i 'm considering voting conservative ( voted lib dem last time ) . 
  usually it 's a settled issue , but this election it feels like it sits on a knife edge . 
  the us states have more autonomy than england . 
  not sure about scotland , but it has only been close in recent times . 
  when the union was created , the countries of england and scotland were dissolved and a new country was created - the united kingdom of great britain . 
  we were quite happy with alternating between two parties with large majorities . 
  where did it all go wrong !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heart_attack_grill - enjoy !, 
   the establishment is a hospital theme restaurant : waitresses ( `` nurses '' ) take orders ( `` prescriptions '' ) from the customers ( `` patients '' ) . 
  each patient dons a hospital gown before ordering and those who do not finish their meal receive a paddling by one of the `` nurses '' with the option to buy the paddle afterwards . 
  the menu includes `` single '' , `` double '' , `` triple '' , and `` quadruple bypass '' hamburgers , ranging from 8 to 32 ounces ( 230 to 910 g ) of beef ( up to about 8,000 calories ( 33,000 kj ) ) , all-you-can-eat `` flatliner fries '' ( cooked in pure lard ) , beer and tequila , and soft drinks such as jolt and mexican-bottled coca-cola made with cane sugar . 
  customers over 350 lb ( 160 kg ) in weight eat for free if they weigh in with a doctor or nurse before each burger . 
  or perhaps the heart attack grill . 
  eat free if you 're over 350 pounds ... 
  just do n't hug * too hard * . 
   if the people there decided they wanted to be argentinian we 'd accept it no problem .
