  no , because the eu is a minor issue compared to deciding independence . 
  the polls are essentially the same . 
  it 's an even bigger issue for an independent scotland . 
  both are of the order of # 10bn . 
  this is slightly more than our net contribution to the eu of # 9bn . 
  our net contribution to the eu is not to be sniffed at . 
  it 's not # 350m a week , but it is significant . 
  scotland currently has the ability to trade with the whole eu , but mostly trades with the uk . 
  this is normal - proximity matters . 
  they could potentially just join the eea , which would be the only sensible post-brexit option i can think of , though there 's still a customs border to deal with . 
  if scotland did n't vote for nationalists , i and many others would have felt a lot more comfortable voting for labour . 
  not entirely mind , due to labour 's usual trick of using scottish mps to rule over england on devolved issues ( see student fees ) . 
  it actually used to be a very anti-eu party back in the 80s . 
  they just go with what 's convenient . 
  scotland wo n't be a drain on the eu . 
  it will quite possibly be a net contributor , all while having a large deficit and/or extreme austerity . 
  that 's a political decision , not an immutable fact . 
  a unified immigration policy is an inherent part of the uk . 
  i 'm not sure what search terms i would use to find it , but polls have found that a roughly similar number of people have moved from yes to no as have switched from no to yes . 
  yes , but it shows that it 's possible and not a complete fantasy . 
  remaining in the single market but stopping freedom of movement is n't an impossible request . 
  how ignorant are you ? 
  wallonia vetoed the ceta . 
  iirc there 's some handwaving about renewables . 
  i do n't think they can ever plug that # 15bn though . 
  thankfully you 'll be balanced out by the eurosceptic scots , 
  i voted to stay in the eu , but staying in the uk is far more important than that . 
  ireland would be a much more sensible escape option anyway . 
  both sides were absolutely full of shit . 
  it was a fucking awful campaign from all involved . 
  still seems unlikely . 
  possible but unlikely . 
  it is my nation , check the flag !, 
  legally it 's part of england . 
  having lived there though , i consider it british but not english and closer to wales . 
  the uk is currently more integrated than efta members , so what would be the problem in returning to that level in the future ? 
  so why do n't you want to * kick * norway out unless it complies and becomes a full member ? 
  i see where you 're coming from , but an exemption from schengen makes sense for the uk and does n't harm other member states . 
  happy to debate other topics though . 
  most people still day actress . 
  same with british isles - as a non-brit you 'd get a pass anyway . 
  my point is that the norway option is a special deal to begin with . 
  one which hardline eu federalists would probably like to do away with . 
  fixed . 
  currently in the middle of nowhere with patchy signal . 
  i guess the thrust of the issue is that the eu would need to be reformed to make the playing field more level before the uk could even consider rejoining . 
  yeah , but getting one of those is pretty involved . 
  schengen appeals more when you can just cross over the border spontaneously for lunch . 
  so you 're happy with the bespoke treatment basically created for norway , but not anything for the uk . 
  we have a land border with ireland . 
  there 's also no analogue to calais there !, 
  there are no real advantages in schengen for us . 
  there 's literally no need for it . 
  then there 's zero chance . 
  you would turn half the remainers into brexiteers . 
  and that does n't happen with . fr ? 
  strange : s, 
  uk data protection laws are already compatible with eu law , otherwise we 'd have been forced to change them . 
  what do you get on amazon.fr that you ca n't get on amazon.co.uk ? 
   it 's actually the likes of the brexiteers who complained most about it not federalized . 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  you 're just making shit up at this point ( though i suppose that 's always been the case ) . 
  nobody here is angry that ceta did n't include free movement . 
  that 's a negotiating position , not a legal truth . 
  let 's see how much of this # 60bn actually has legal grounds , after the inevitable court cases . 
  a small fraction i would wager . 
  that 's one way , but as they say : unconstitutional . 
  you need to amend the constitution which has been done a number of times . 
  you would need a two thirds majority to start with and then get 75 % of states to ratify , rather than all the states ( which i think is what you meant in your example ) . 
  yeah , the uk is feeling rather a lot more democratic than this ... 
  imagine if pembrokeshire could block scotland 's exit . 
  things would get very salty !, 
  ireland would be nothing without it 's low tax rate in the eu , which wo n't be tolerated forever . 
  even if scotland could ape ireland in some respects , there 's no automatic right to follow in their footsteps - while it is within the realms of possibility , an outcome similar to portugal or greece is also just as likely . 
  if you read , i 'm mostly on the fence about brexit . 
  main upsides i see are that my job is insulated from it entirely and that property prices could potentially ( though unlikely ) take a massive hit . 
  as far as discussions on / r/europe go , i got sick to death with all the sky-is-falling nonsense which is only outdone on / r/unitedkingdom itself so decided to focus on spreading a little common sense . 
  the fact is that leaving the eu might be a bit rubbish and there 's a * small * chance that it would be beneficial ( the # 10bn we 'd save is certainly not to be sniffed at ) . 
  the magnitude of the change is probably going to be pretty small . 
  the uk is * not * an insignificant as many on / r/europe like to believe and we are perfectly capable and solvent to make our own way without taking a hit to living standards . 
  scotland is not . 
  scotland leaving the uk is an entirely different beast . 
  rather than leaving a union where it is a net contributor ( like uk leaving eu ) , it would be leaving a union where it gets a huge boost to the economy in subsidies where extremely hard austerity would be the only alternative post-scexit . 
  surely you mean `` is n't it great how brexiteer arguments can be used so easily for scotland leaving the uk . '', 
  to which i 'd say not particularly . 
  i did n't support either movement , though i 'm certain that brexit will be * far less * damaging than scexit would be . 
   potential for scotland is much bigger in the single market than a tiny uk market . 
  ** brexiter argument detected ** ( why trade with the slow-growth eu market when we can trade with the world ) out of my original four points you 're only debating me on trade , when the other three are pretty key . 
   and how is it ridiculous ? 
  the uk market will always be more important to scotland than the eu . 
  scotland is currently in the eu and has been for decades , but the uk is by far its most important trading partner . 
  states in the us have no right to secede unless the federal government decides to let them . 
  constituent countries of the uk have no right to secede unless the uk government decides to let them . 
  a constitution is not immutable . 
  good choice with sovereignty actually , but this goes strongly against the positive attitude / r/europe has for sovereignty pooling . 
  however your statement `` all of those can be achieved with the eu and have far bigger potential '' is completely ridiculous . 
  some advantages of the uk over the eu for scotland : - stronger integration - stronger subsidies/sharing of resources ( huge subsidy from ruk when times are bad ) - greater trade - freedom of movement across a land border care to pick one ? 
  incorrect . 
  the level of integration is much higher within the uk .
