  which is unlikely after the whole invasion thing ... 
  let us sell them and buy a # 100 billion foodbank . 
  it 'll be fucking massive !, 
  except we got a massive head start thanks to the industrial revolution etc. . . 
   the onu considers gibraltar a `` non-self-governing territory '' subject to a decolonisation process to be agreed upon between uk and spain . 
  that means either returning gibraltar to spain or having it become an independent nation . 
  to brandish a onu treaty regarding territorial waters while completely disregarding another about the colonial status of gibraltar requires such a astounding level of hypocrisy that one ca n't help but be admired . 
  i 'm sure it will be great for france , uk ** and spain ** to have further ` decolonisation ' ... 
  it looks ... kinda like those australian ships . 
  and i see you did sell a couple ( though built in aus ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canberra-class_landing_helicopter_dock interesting how it 's supposedly an lhd even with the ski-jump ... 
  i think it counts for the 1930s ... 
  our recently scrapped carriers have been of similar size to the italians , so we 're only just about to one-up them and the french in that respect . 
  apparently we were cunts in the early 1970s . 
  we do n't do that anymore . 
  where is tony abbott when we need him . 
  are you sure you 're french ? 
  let me guess , he actually got a good job here ? 
  i think the economic progress is the glue that keeps china together . 
  maybe it should be a super-intelligent computer that is programmed to maximise certain conditions ? 
  ^ ( this totally wo n't end badly . ), 
   danish tv series are n't as good as some people think ( especially the british ) as english speakers it 's quite exotic for us to watch anything in another language . 
  subtitles can hide bad acting . 
  scenes where borgen switched to english seemed to dive in quality in my eyes ... 
  it would still make more sense than half the suggestions here . 
  at least we ^ ^ mostly speak the same language . 
  a skilled enemy would divide us first . 
  it would be surprising if they stuck to that . 
  i know . 
  it 's unsettling . 
  conservatives seem like the safest bet without going full retard with ukip . 
  is that you ? 
  true . 
  it 's just a huge drop from 12-14 to 6 ... 
  i just have fingers crossed that the [ new frigates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_combat_ship ) are n't reduced in number because they should be pretty capable . 
  full of ... all six !, 
  but it has a unique selling point - organic / hand-made !, 
  the first time i heard it i assumed he was just some eu bureaucrat . 
  they have to take warheads to the [ atomic weapons establishment ( awe ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atomic_weapons_establishment ) for maintenance . 
  i 'd love to hear some good examples of that . 
  i do n't doubt that it has n't happened , i 'm just ignorant of when it happened . 
  riskiest bit is probably the nuclear convoys from scotland to southern england . 
  by road . 
  ( which to be fair i would find quite cool if i happened to drive past one ) . 
  nuclear weapons convoy on the m40 motorway : https://youtu.be/kvhkrkhjltw do n't see why we ca n't just have a maintenance facility attached to coulport . 
  it really does n't cost that much . 
  though i 'd rather we built our own missiles like the french do . 
  it might cost more , but the money would stay within the uk and we 'd be more self sufficient . 
  not scotland :3, 
  i really like that flag . 
  i 'm trying to read your comment , but my brain is stuck in a loop trying to imagine this mutant horse . 
  oh for fuck 's sake portugal . 
  where did it all go wrong !, 
  it would be a cube of oil 2.5 km on each side . 
  quite a lot when you visualise it like that !, 
  with our other submarines , they seem to complete one , then decommission the one it replaces . 
  there will not be eight active submarines , though there will probably be five or six that * look * in working order where only four actually are . 
  please go and whine at the americans for their ohio replacement program . 
  the controversy is more about the nuclear missiles they carry . 
  i 'd like to see this broken down into smaller regions . 
  quite a lot , but i 'll be damned if i 'm told about uninhabited wilderness by a finn !, 
  there was a lot of red on op 's map . 
  i 'm waiting for someone to start shouting about how it says english and not british ... 
  ahh yes , that was a particularly good night if i recall !, 
  there are so many pictures i 've seen on the internet with houses in ... and you just * know * when they 're british . 
  o ffs, 
  for maximum effect , we 'll go to boston and use the union jack . 
  ^ ( ok technically union flag , but that gets confused with the eu flag . ), 
  unless they 're weapons scientists :3, 
  we require more culture . 
  not sure what we 've been doing wrong , but we 've clearly screwed up somewhere . 
  france or spain would be the logical choices for my family . 
  love both countries but suspect france would be first choice . 
  ^ ( now to see if my company has an office there ... ), 
  i think the number has been reduced , but is unspecified . 
  i guess the ~ 40-50 i heard is the * initial * order or something . 
  while we 're at it , the whole british pathe channel is fantastic . 
  if you 're in the uk you can just search for your town or area to find some fantastic footage . 
  i never thought to look to see what they had from other countries though !, 
  true . 
  but i imagine that being newer , this will be an improvement somewhat !, 
  though i suppose ef systems are being upgraded ... 
  since when were we getting 138 !? 
  i thought it was 48 . 
  like just enough to fill up one aircraft carrier ... 
  all pies are personal pies if you put the effort in . 
  i 'm simply saying that with disparate foreign policies of individual member states , europe probably does n't have a future . 
  being best mates 4 eva with the country that would most like the eu broken up does n't signal great hope for the future of europe . 
  you 're the other highly pro-russian state ... 
  with greece gone we might find foreign policy a bit easier . 
  one less pro-russian member state ... ^ ^ yes , ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ shit ^ ^ stirring . 
  hey !, 
  we built our own warheads at least . 
  if the americans refuse to give us new missiles then we 'll buy a fleet of blacked-out minibuses instead . 
  most of hk was leased and the lease was expiring . 
  as the other guy says , we pay # 12/month per household for the bbc . 
  but this is the license fee and is technically not needed if you only watch content on iplayer that has already been broadcast - no live streams for you !, 
  students often opt for this approach . 
  the license fee also pays for ad-free radio , but again you only need the license for tv . 
  i consider it a pretty reasonable deal . 
  i suspect banning content * internally * will be allowed .
