  short term pain for long term gain . 
  are you confident that you 're right and they 're wrong ? 
  if there are significant trade barriers it wo n't be more efficient for scotland though . 
  just like brexit will be bad for everyone if a good deal is n't reached . 
  while scotland has the eu and the uk has the wider world , neither can get away from the fact that what 's closest to home matters most . 
  so idealism **  ** people 's wellbeing . 
  that sounds a bit like something a hardcore sovereignty seeking brexiteer might say . 
   these war enactments are popular days in britain . 
  but they are an awful for giving a rose tinted view of the conflict imho . 
  well maybe they are , but i ca n't say i 've ever been to one or even seen an advert in person . 
  yes , though the destruction has already happened . 
  i think they 're a destructive force . 
  not necessarily angry at them - it 's like being angry that a gun can kill . 
  no , i 'm more disappointed that people fall for them . 
  why is remaining in the eu more important for you than remaining in the uk ? 
  it ca n't be financial because obviously the latter is better in that regard . 
  you do know that if brexit turns out to be harmful , with trade barriers between the uk and eu , that it would be * very , very * bad news for an independent scotland , right ? 
  because we think we 're best together  . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mi8678vyrm they make some good points , but nobody is stupid enough to vote for them . 
  sadly , nationalistic fervor is more popular in scotland . 
   britain is against the eu and actively and greatly harmed it by withdrawing from it . 
  which is what the snp are trying to do to the uk with scotland , but ok !, 
  maybe they really like fom ? 
  who knows , all i know is that we 'll be outside the eu and the eea . 
  i agree that it 's a fairly small amount ( though some people complain about the cost of trident which is only ~ 20 % of that ) , but that net figure is spent outside the uk . 
  if it was spent inside the uk there 's also the multiplier effect to consider !, 
  i do n't think the overall difference will be that big personally . 
  imagine if we had free movement with auscanusnz ? 
  what would the numbers look like then ? 
  people go to the eu because it 's easy . 
  single market * member * not a trade deal . 
  we are not going to be a member anymore . 
  oh of course it 's to do with speaking english . 
  i have no interest in moving to a country in europe to learn a language that is rarely used elsewhere in developed countries . 
  and i agree that there are benefits to being in the eu . 
  just that the subscription is little too dear to make those benefits worth as much as what we pay . 
  we shall see . 
  please name a trade deal anywhere in the world that involves a transfer of funds . 
   also note that the uk has a trade deficit with the eu . 
  the eu is a huge exporter to the uk . 
  we have freedom of movement with the eu , so despite making moving to the eu almost entirely frictionless we prefer to move across the world . 
  british people do n't generally want to go to the eu . 
  they prefer to go to australia , canada , usa , new zealand . 
  that 's why this whole fom thing seems very one sided to us . 
  with regards to tax havens , we could crack down on them , but they 'd just declare independence tbh . 
  we have managed to impose * some * level of transparency on them at least . 
  that 's how it works for trade deals , include ceta . 
  easy for you to say in a rich tax haven ( in some ways richer than mine ) that is somehow a net recipient . 
  i 'm not completely against us giving development aid ( though i 'm not sure why any of it has to go to you ) . 
  however , i feel it should be recognised and appreciated by a little more flexibility being granted on freedom of movement . 
  quite expensive for us . 
  you can laugh at the big red bus because the number was gross rather than net , but it wo n't go away . 
  jumpstyle looks such fun . 
  it definitely does , but i think possibly less so than / r/theredlion, 
  fully agree . 
  his understanding of physics seemed a bit shaky to me when i watched his videos before . 
  or plan was to use hammer to acquire gun . 
  did n't work . 
  https://twitter.com/skynewsbreak/status/872102044705984513 sky news tweeting it . 
  officer injured . 
  does n't say how bad . 
  i did n't mean literally immediately before . 
  i just meant that we were really quite heavily involved with the war well before d-day . 
  its not like we were being bombed to death prior to d-day or anything is it ... 
   imagine that the eu ( or the uk ) passes legislation that directly opposes the deal . 
  to what court must this issue be taken to ? 
  none , i suspect . 
  but that 's how treaties between nations often work . 
  i do wish he 'd have kept quiet . 
   so if one side violates its end of the agreement ( which happens already within the eu , with and without the uk ) , what juridical procedure is to be taken ? 
  which court has a say ? 
  what do you propose though ? 
  that the uk courts have supremacy over eu courts when it comes to uk citizens in europe ? 
  do n't be so silly !, 
   granting citizenship is one thing , but keep in mind that for a lot of countries ( such as the netherlands ) you are required to reject any and all previous citizenships in order to be grated the dutch one via the naturalization process . 
  this thus can create a binary choice for british citizens living in the netherlands : are they dutch and give up on the uk or vice versa ? 
  yeah , this is a peculiarity that i do n't quite understand myself . 
  dual citizenship seems pretty normal to me . 
  i expect that granting indefinite leave to remain or equivalent is more likely . 
   to interact with the common market you must obey its rules . 
  free trade is possible but the produce you sell must be in accordance to regulations on those products . 
  i 'm actually talking about citizens , not trade . 
  we will be happy to do a like-for-like deal on citizens being granted the right to remain , but we will not accept eu courts ruling on rights of people within the uk . 
   that 's something trump said . 
  it literally is impossible because within the eu we have one common market and also all members are part of a customs union , therefore you need to negotiate with all or none . 
  citizenship is not an eu matter . 
  countries are free to grant citizenship or residency as they feel . 
  malta 's citizenship is basically for sale , for example . 
  unlikely . 
  i expect there will be a deal with the eu ( as long as it backs down on demanding eu law imposed on uk ) , or individual member states . 
  there is another way to look at this though . 
  by population density : https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=en_pop_dnst&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:gbr:fra:deu:usa:can&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false and of the countries you chose we 're consistently the highest and since the mid 2000s we 've been accelerating at a pretty impressive pace compared to the others . 
  best right-wing british meme page is probably god save our gracious meme . 
  though it 's mostly lefties pretending to be right wing . 
  has a healthy dose of left wing memes too tbf . 
  * wrote this and actually linked to the facebook group , but comment got removed for linking to facebook for some reason ... *, 
  obviously not , though we 've had the same the other way . 
  i recall a hedge fund moving ten jobs away from london . 
  pretty sure it made it fairly high on either / r/europe or / r/unitedkingdom, 
   social transfers - if people want to stop the abuse , social services should be harmonized .
