  easyjet being the exception as those last on may get their hand luggage put in the hold . 
  i 'm surprised that i 've not seen any jokes about sweden having stockholm syndrome . 
  i bet a fair few soldiers are itching for it . 
  as long as they 're not walking into certain death they generally do n't mind a bit a combat . 
  because while things were shit when he ruled absolutely , it 's arguably much better than a decade of civil war . 
  absolutely . 
  but opponents will argue that this action goes against the spirit of the vote . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  the real issue that this happened in syria , where parliament voted a couple of years ago not to take military action . 
  meaning that cameron is going against their earlier decision , though to be fair things have changed a lot since then . 
  personally i 'm fine with it because these two seemed like utter cunts . 
  vietnam , i suppose . 
  well , there were scare stories initially , but i do n't think anyone has a problem because there have n't been millions upon millions . 
  we 'll have to participate , otherwise austria will block any renegotiation . 
  it 's a perfect storm for a brexit . 
  true . 
  what sort of bodycount would be acceptable to you ? 
  that 's what happens when you vote for fringe parties . 
  ukip or the lib dems are n't particularly well represented either you may have noticed . 
  most of us just think of you as spanish ... 
  he 's probably scottish ... 
  well shit that should include us ... 
  more like elysium . 
  oh how hard it would be to integrate ukrainians ... 
  shengen allows free movement to eu citizens . 
  they would not have that status . 
  they would not be able to claim benefits in other countries either . 
  the most obvious political fuckup i can remember . 
  wonder if she regrets it yet ? 
  primarily i 'd say they are , but the bangladeshis are called asians over here . 
  good . 
  ^ ( we are a tiny bit evil though . 
  keep your wits about you . ), 
  some of these questions seem strange :  it is regrettable that many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to their society . 
  i realise that it does include * contribute nothing to their society * , but i imagine the author believes nobody working in finance contributes to society . 
  edit : ahh , so you can plug any numbers you wish into the results ? 
  [ cool . 
  haha !, 
  i 'd completely forgotten about that ... 
  yes , and some french politician said it was wrong/inhumane . 
  to be fair we had david cameron swimming in extremely diluted sewerage ... 
   why all of the sudden this huge surge ? 
  i really want to find out how much of a surge it is . 
  not seen any nice graphs posted though ... 
  it 's the l from isil . 
  was n't that mostly the french who complained that time ? 
  seems better than a decade long civil war . 
  perhaps trident could move to my county . 
  i 'd be totes fine with that and we 'd probably be less ungrateful for the investment than scotland . 
  to be fair obama has been helping with that distancing ... 
  to be fair comments on daily mail articles can vary hugely . 
  i think it depends on where they get exposure really . 
  you 've never heard of someone being fine one day and dying of a cheeky heart attack the next day ? 
  not even for a quick tactical chunder ? 
  i am going to a wedding , but i am rather hungover so it may be a challenge ... 
  basically this . 
  the vote failing to pass caused france and the us to back down too . 
  did n't this only change quite recently ? 
  yeah , i accidentally a whole word . 
  meant to say that the growth was greater than the current number of people in the eu in just those two countries . 
  a population increase larger than the total number of people * just * in india and nigeria . 
  can confirm that they 'll pay up if you challenge them . 
  you know he only means the white/developed commonwealth ? 
  i guess he avoids saying it directly , but it 's certainly implied . 
  not much , and certainly not in the south east . 
  plane crashes always attract upvotes . 
  edit : seven deaths confirmed . 
  definitely belongs here now . 
  also the pitcairn islands kinda need repopulating ... 
  i thought that was already happening ? 
  on the other hand , they wo n't be able to afford to do it twice . 
  it 's similar in venice . 
  quite amusing how neatly it ties up along racial lines . 
  the black guys sell the handbags and the asians sell the squishy toys . 
  the selfie stick salesmen are more freestyle , but never white . 
  they look weirdly middle-class for refugees . 
  do n't doubt their reasons for leaving , but you raise a very interesting point . 
  i think india has this distinct shape that 's very memorable . 
  never give me a geographical map on and make me draw the borders though ... 
  hong kong is a lot more developed . 
  any atrocities would be widely broadcast and documented . 
  they would have been careful , especially after tiananmen . 
  tempted to put this down as a history what if . 
  i know we like to blame americans for spotting down our planes all too often by accident , but we 've made some pretty bad mistakes ourselves ... 
  exercise tiger , or operation tiger , was the code name for one in a series of large-scale rehearsals for the d-day invasion of normandy , which took place on slapton sands or slapton beach in devon . 
  coordination and communication problems resulted in the deaths of 946 american servicemen . 
  `` exercise tiger '' on @wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exercise_tiger?wprov=sfia1, 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/chuck-hagels-misreading-of-suez-crisis/2013/01/31/35e7ddee-6b21-11e2-af53-7b2b2a7510a8_story.html apparently it 's because it fucked up vietnam for the us where they had to go it alone . 
  it can be considered the moment the last glowing ember of empire was pissed on . 
  we could have enacted democracy . 
  sure , the chinese may have pushed in , but they would have looked pretty bad for doing so . 
  i thought that was scotland ... 
  damage what do i get ? 
  when the welsh speak english ( which let 's be honest they do almost all of the time ) they often sound rather indian to me ... 
  it 's soft , unlike german . 
  and it sounds unique . 
  italian and spanish are cool but they sound the same to me . 
  we 've described the abundance of tourists as a swarm for as long as i can remember . 
  and we 've all been tourists at times . 
  i 'm afraid in the uk we do n't know of central europe .
