  just like how disabled people can not be discriminated against in the job market , the same applies as you say to eu citizens . 
  this does n't mean they automatically get a job . 
  `` rolls over '' . 
  about as likely as the eu `` rolling over '' . 
  we will accept a fair deal , not a one-sided deal . 
  the eu will be the same . 
   eu citizens will have preference over brits and other non-eu job seekers you are confusing equality with priority . 
  again . 
  the divorce analogy can be pushed too far . 
  the eu gets along with plenty of countries outside the eu . 
  the uk gets along just fine with many of its `` divorced '' colonies . 
  there wo n't be a fight unless someone starts one ( which is quite possible , i 'll admit ) . 
  it would be bad for both sides . 
  it just means that we can not be treated * more * favourably than eu citizens , as the article states . 
  eu citizens do not need to be * prioritized * - merely not put at the back of the queue . 
  we may in for a return of a requirement to be self-sufficient when moving to roi but i do n't think anyone would have a problem with that . 
  ahh yes , we 're an enemy . 
  please , commence your two minutes of hate . 
  while fom for eu citizens is an eu matter , outside of that immigration policy is up to ireland and uk individually . 
   once brexit is started formal anglo-irish relations will be via brussels source please . 
  obviously ireland will be negotiating via brussels for the overall brexit deal between the uk and eu , but there will be direct negotiations for anything that is not an eu competency for ireland . 
  that 's a possible side effect . 
  it could actually strengthen the eu . 
  we were not bound to stay in the eu forever and the electorate decided , rightly or wrongly , that the costs outweighed the benefits . 
  joining or leaving the eu is always a selfish act . 
  most new countries join because of the sweet sweet funding that they get from countries like the uk , not for the good of the other countries that are part of the union - if that happens , it 's a side effect . 
  my intention was to say that we want as comprehensive deal as possible . 
  there 's no reason why it ca n't be fairly close to what we have now , except to prop up the eu and stop others leaving . 
  i do n't * expect * it to be as comprehensive . 
  20-25 % actually and your british ancestors were just as responsible for it as the ancestors of the average englishman ( that is to say * probably not at all responsible * because they were just normal people , not the elite ) . 
  regardless , i think we 'd understand ireland being a little pissed off after that period , just like the uk was not exactly happy with ireland sitting out of wwii , but normal relations were restored within a decade as you say . 
  that 's rather shorter than ireland 's grudge which has been going over 150 years !, 
  because you practically allied with hitler . 
  we might be . 
  i do n't personally do n't think it 'll be great . 
  i do n't think it will be bad either though . 
  free trade with annual payments and relinquishing control of our borders . 
  surely it does n't take too much brain power to understand that there are genuine reasons to object . 
  that 's how it worked before the eu . 
  consequences do n't have to include a trade war . 
   the socialist leader insisted : `` there must be a threat , there must be a risk , there must be a price . 
  otherwise we will be in a negotiation that can not end well . ''  president hollande 's warning comes as british conservative prime minister theresa may signalled that the uk might be heading for confrontational talks with the eu . 
  she 's just countering rhetoric like the above . 
  would sir like to place a wager ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that there will be no change for right to work for our citizens in each other 's countries . 
  lol , no . 
  not happening . 
  no , we voted to leave the eu , not start a trade war . 
  as discussed we are completely open to a free trade deal - even one equivalent to what we have now , sans free movement . 
  it would n't have gone smoothly , as it 's practically the same as being in the eu , which the uk voted against . 
  iirc norway hinted that they 'd block us being in the efta anyway . 
  is n't that basically being replaced by iter anyway ? 
  maybe you should have reformed the cap and stopped the retarded moves between brussels and strasbourg ? 
  oh , you 're not responsible for that ? 
  and everyone at the cheaper chav collages ( collingwood represent ! ), 
  still gets to go and enjoy their cool dungeon bar which is the best bit anyway . 
  downside is you have to have a roommate and even if you 're at castle , you 'll probably end up at one of the more distant accommodation blocks ... 
  the current leadership , if you wish , though cameron and osborne were pretty clear that leaving the eu meant leaving the single market . 
  if you exclude do n't knows , hard brexit support is at about 45 % : https://yougov.co.uk/news/2017/01/16/public-split-what-kind-brexit-they-think-governmen/ not a majority , but it is a plurality . 
  you can calm down mate . 
  i agree that it 's largely meaningless to talk about access because * everyone * has access . 
  my country has , however , decided that membership is not a realistic option - it 's expensive and restrictive . 
  you 're the one who brought up the ridiculous . 
  we will of course have access , like any country . 
  we will have access in 2020 . 
  you will not go to the moon by 2020 . 
  is canada at war with the usa ? 
  i 'm sure you would n't wish for a shattering of the eu , even though it is probably more deserving of balkanisation than the uk . 
  you can be hostile to your own country . 
  i do n't think it was as negative as leave portrayed it , nor as positive as hardcore remainers said ( i do n't remember the remain campaign really touching it ) . 
  i seriously doubt that immigration from the eu will stop - we 'll just restrict it to the more qualified individuals . 
  ahh , but / r/europe 's other favourite fact is that immigration is so low that it can not cause any problems , therefore 3-5 years of immigration is also so low as to be almost nothing !, 
  but reddit told me all the eu migrants in the uk were escaping ? 
  donald . 
  i think the will be rather less of that . 
  probably mostly hot air . 
  let the hate flow through you . 
  if that 's how you feel , i 'm surprised you have any respect for this directive in the first place , since it clearly does n't protect you in your eyes !, 
  depends on exactly what the directive states . 
  it might be that provided we meet some particular requirements that we automatically remain a perfectly safe place to store data . 
  you give them your name and address . 
  you could give someone else 's but it 's advised . 
   the directive states that personal data can only be transferred to countries outside the eu and the eea when an adequate level of protection is guaranteed . 
  i expect there wo n't be huge changes to the level of protection afforded to data . 
  id cards are not a popular idea here . 
  labour tried to introduce them : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity_cards_act_2006#criticism the idea was not well received and people objected on grounds of : - cost ( # 10 - # 20bn ) - discrimination - 1984 / big brother - human rights, 
   i have friends in the uk . 
  one of them moved to ireland , the other is even more desperately searching for a teaching job in the rest of europe . 
  i know rather a lot of people in the uk . 
  imagine that . 
  not seen anyone trying to jump ship . 
  as for the immigrants , we could easily come to a quick deal to provide all migrants from the uk in europe and from europe in the uk right to remain indefinitely . 
  however , the eu 's refused to do so , trying to keep that as a negotiation tactic . 
  in this respect it is the eu doing the damage . 
   then there 's the immediate economic damages because of the drop in pound value actually that 's been great for me . 
  sure , it 's bad for some people , but for many it 's good . 
  by your argument non-brexit was harming people like me !, 
   lastly brexit definitely added to the volatile political climate in europe right now . 
  we ca n't be held responsible for domestic european politics but we 're happy to be a friend and ally - that has n't changed . 
  and it wo n't change providing we can have a fair free trade deal with one another .
