  you always have to one-up us !, 
  the millau viaduct looks amazing in other pictures and in person , but i do n't think the image they chose to show made it look that great . 
  no , but if you have a shit-ton of tax , you can fund a very strong welfare state , which reduces inequality . 
  ^ ( am i wrong ? ), 
  what the hell netherlands . 
  how are you doing that ? 
  i mean , i get norway - they have an unnecessary amount of oil - but netherlands !, 
  which surprises me . 
  i imagined you 'd at least pay a lot less for housing , having a less dense population . 
  what 's it like there ? 
  if i had $ 4.1 k for a year in the uk i 'd be sleeping in a ditch . 
  this and striking farmers make france what it is today !, 
  i 'd have to argue that the eurofighter is rather a lot better than the f16 and tornado , but i see what you mean about requiring less support . 
  i really do hope the f35 is a big success - if it is n't , our new aircraft carriers are just very large helicopter landing ships ... 
  soo ... our tornadoes are potentially fucked then ? 
  well it is rather scottish , so if you perceive uk and scotland to be rather separate it might not come to mind ... please do see it though !, 
  anyway , you 're in this thread now , so i require the best of french cinema - chop chop !, 
  trainspotting, 
  historically that is correct , but scotland could not leave without the agreement of the uk government . 
  the eu is about compromises between what each member wants . 
  i think it 's quite easy for us to converge on something like legal drinking age , which would make sense . 
  however this is controversial as hell and would be a serious blow to eu popularity amongst many voters ... 
  i think it 's quite a lot for any series . 
  i know the bbc supposedly hate to spend more than # 1m per hour and that includes widely exported shows like doctor who and top gear , which area easy to export thanks to the language . 
  this really looks like it has the budget of a mid-tier film which is crazy expensive for tv . 
  definitely going to watch . 
  i do think if we have a referendum , we 'll stay in . 
  i know there 's popular support for ukip right now , but i think that with two main parties pushing the agenda to stay in , and the tories presumably split , people will want to stay in . 
  fuck off mate . 
  i did , but switched to union flag to support no in this referendum . 
  i think i 'll keep it like this as i think it 's a much nicer flag tbh . 
  yeah , i do n't deny that we 're borrowing a hell of a lot right now - that 's the problem - despite all the ` austerity ' . 
  looking at the plot it appears that at first , labour continued reducing the debt on a path the previous government set . 
  come ~ 2001 it starts going up when we really should have continued on that path , saving money for the ( very ) rainy day , 2009 . 
  i have to say that i thought the debt was increasing in the late 90s and i was clearly mistaken about that , but i maintain that labour increased the debt unnecessarily in the early 2000s . 
  yes it went way up because it had to . 
  our ` austerity ' is n't particularly deep . 
  labour spent money we did n't need to spend , so when we actually * had * to spend since 2009 we were borrowing money out of an account that * should * have been in the black , but was decidedly red . 
  well it 's clearly bad in glasgow . 
  and i 'm in cornwall where things are n't great , but as i said , it 's not absolute shit . 
  i do n't believe that slicing our country into smaller segments is going to do anything to increase our prosperity . 
  ahh , but everyone remember how the economy went tits up under labour and their overspending . 
  we could have weathered the storm a lot better if we did n't have such a massive national debt . 
  and many yes voters were peddled stories about how shit everything is , when actually it 's not too bad . 
  i think what people have written below is correct . 
  however , i also think that they believe that their city in particular , having the largest population , would become much more important in an independent scotland . 
  nah , it 's generally 20 days , plus those eight . 
  however , at my company i have those eight , plus 25 and an option to buy ( or sell ) five days . 
  another friend works for a large company where they get 8 +30 anyway . 
  theoretically i could have 8 + 25 + 5 = 38 . 
  but that would mean a forfeit five days salary with my current contract . 
  also note that there are sometimes conditions as to when these can be spent . 
  i must spend three of my days around the christmas period when the office is shut . 
  but i probably would anyway . 
  the eight days written above are known as `` bank holidays '' and can be seen here : https://www.gov.uk/bank-holidays obviously some people work these days , but if they 're working full-time , they 're still entitled to at least 28 days holiday throughout the year , so they just have them at another time . 
  aww man , they beat us again !, 
  that sounds seriously encouraging . 
  not a landslide , but i 'm thinking more 55-45 total with no winning . 
  that 's what we got for letting salmond choose the question . 
  it may have been less foolhardy for cameron to have posed the question `` should scotland remain in the united kingdom ? '', 
  i say we * keep moving it north * , just really slowly . 
  then when they finally decide to quit , all they 'll have is fucking thurso and a few fields !, 
  it 's not breaking free if the door is fucking wide open !, 
  they have a lot more power than my county : /, 
  / u/demoneggy is a canadian living in scotland and has self-styled himself as `` destroyer of nations '' on / r/unitedkingdom hopefully they 'll all cancel each other out . 
  i 'm against a currency union . 
  why specifically then ? 
  haha , i love how much they like to play the victim , often blaming london . 
  forgetting that london voted labour , but got the con-dems . 
  then you 'll be voting no :d, 
  only applies in the context of this referendum . 
  but you do n't mean a fair share . 
  you mean that we should be lender of last resort . 
  no thanks . 
  what could possibly go wrong with leaving the union !, 
  agreed , i think we 're stuck with it . 
  devolution sounds like a pointless headache and a real nightmare for government bodies like hmrc . 
  tbh i wish we could just dissolve all national assemblies and stick with westminster , but maybe have pr . 
  yeah , do you * really * want to piss the welsh off ? 
  ^ ( i would say ni too , but it 's probably best not to ... ), 
  in the 1800s i think so . 
  our full country name is now * the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland * . 
  noted , but i assumed you were prompted to post it due to the scotland debate . 
  scotland was more a founding member of the uk than anything else , so it is a little different . 
  if not for scotland many of those might not have been colonized/conquered . 
  does that mean if we chop part of liechtenstein off , it would be totally fine for another country to claim it ? 
  ^ ( * oh russia , i have something for you !, 
  sadly i 'll be working , but i think it 's important that the participants are drawn 50/50 from either side . 
  hmm , i 've just checked [ my constituency ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_ives_\\ ( uk_parliament_constituency \\ ) ) out and it turns out to not be quite as safe as i remembered - 2015 could be interesting !, 
  however , we have had the same mp since 1997 ... 
  yes , i 'm not a lib dem hater and i think they do bring something different to the table . 
  however , i do n't think it 's been good for my constituency . 
  the conservatives pretty much ignore us and labour are basically city-dwellers who are totes cool with riding roughshod over the countryside 's affairs ( see fox hunting ) . 
  i actually hope we might become a conservative/lib dem swing seat , then they might pay some attention . 
  well if that 's what was at stake invade us any time you like !, 
  and anyone who is in a safe lib dem seat gets fucked over because they 're never actually in power . 
  ( now does n't count ) . 
  i really wish i 'd paid more attention in history ... 
  can we just delete zimbabwe please ? 
  can not tell if srs .
