  like you guys did . 
  worked ok for you  it 's a lot of money considering we 've paid a huge amount in over the years ( much more than we got out ) . 
  it 's about a decade 's worth of contributions . 
  the pubic would like to remain in a single market for goods and services . 
  however , if we lose that in order to get control of immigration many voters are happy with that trade . 
  sounds very colonial !, 
  it 's a terrible compromise . 
  if we ended up just in the eea still paying shitloads of money in return for low-skilled workers and having no meps i think i 'd be joining ukip . 
  i ca n't imagine this tepid middle option actually being more popular than either full independence or eu membership . 
  you 'll get over it . 
  everyone became mates with germany only a few years after a massive war . 
  the eu is playing to lose . 
  i expect a promise to pay * what we owe * ( not what the eu says we owe ) at completion of a complete brexit agreement that includes a trade deal going forward . 
  better to have # 100bn in the bank to smooth out any problems . 
  that 's what people do in this subreddit . 
  no government could survive giving that amount of money away with nothing in return . 
  hahaha , that 's not how it works . 
  cool , we 'll just make up our own numbers about what the eu owes us . 
  # 1000bn perhaps !, 
  the eu 's external trade deals are fairly limited right now . 
  not even got one with the usa or china ffs . 
  the main problem is that the deals are designed by committee , so are n't exactly optimal . 
  the uk has a much more specialised economy than the eu as a whole so we will be able to offer to open up areas that eastern europe would block in eu deals . 
  protip : we will not be agreeing to transfer any money unless we get something of equal value in return . 
  so it goes with the plates as the others say . 
  also , probably only 30 % -40 % of cars actually have these eu flares here . 
  i think it may actually be impossible . 
  there 's no way we can agree to pay anything without getting something of equal value in return . 
  i think that the eu have deliberately gone with such a strategy to throw a spanner in the works because they do n't want a deal . 
  are you simply saying that we should accept any demands the eu makes ? 
  that is not a negotiation . 
  we `` may '' get a deal . 
  i think i 'd rather take the # 100bn . 
  it is the eu being belligerent , arguing that we should pay enormous sums despite being a net contributor for almost every year of its existence . 
  describing us as supplicant does well to exemplify why so many of us want to leave . 
  wanting to leave that court 's jurisdiction is compatible with taking cases to that court until we leave . 
  after we leave the only court that the eu could take us to is the icj , where we have a veto . 
  an article the other day on this subreddit said it could , but that it may take a year to organise . 
  in sure if you work hard it can be done quicker than that !, 
  it may be possible to revoke a50 and then resubmit and start the timer again . 
  it 's a grey area . 
  voted remain . 
  would probably vote leave if asked again . 
  seems very reasonable to me . 
  the `` sequenced '' negotiations are nonsense and shall be treated as such . 
  i have a positive view of the us . 
  does n't mean i 'd want to become an extra state . 
  a chippy irish nationalist . 
  whatever next !, 
  if the eu is benevolent as people on this subreddit say , then you have nothing to fear . 
  i expect that married couples will retain the right to live in uk and eu , but this will obviously depend on negotiation ( where the uk did offer to discuss the rights of citizens long before a50 ) . 
  a rare example of a genuine `` once in a generation '' referendum !, 
  yeah i think that a referendum was a bad idea as few people really knew more than the bare minimum and generally not even that . 
  that does n't mean , however , that staying is a good idea . 
  agreed , but saying such fetid imperialistic nonsense is hardly going to persuade us to rejoin . 
  definitely aimed at his french audience . 
  jesus , that 's a little strong !, 
  real lefties and real right wingers voted leave . 
  it 's those in the centre that voted remain . 
  if it was n't for the exploding fridge i expect it would have been blamed on early morning ramadan cooking . 
  completely true . 
  if freedom of movement was this , then the uk would be completely happy with it . 
  yes , and there will most likely be visa free travel between the uk and reu . 
  at least eventually . 
  it 's not exceptional like fom . 
  the eu is pretty much set up to favour germany and france . 
  all the systems in place favour you . 
  we got the rebate to * partly * rebalance this , but the bias is still in the system . 
  we * do * run a large deficit and have a large national debt . 
  i 'd rather we retained control of that nationally rather than be submitted to such tender care as the greeks were . 
  core of the eurozone . 
  germany holds the most power . 
  france admittedly not that far behind , but the euro seems most * suited * to germany . 
  wages went down and so did unemployment . 
  it 's a trade off . 
  we have incredibly low unemployment which came at a high price . 
  the guy is an eu nationalist . 
  it 's hilarious really . 
  could we have done a better job ? 
  probably . 
  did we do a better job than what would have been imposed on us from germany ? 
  yes . 
  ireland 's * official * tax rate is low , but not the lowest . 
  but the special deals they make with apple and the like ? 
  lowest of the low . 
  the eu needs to reform and get rid of the cap . 
  edgy . 
  she 's our mascot ffs . 
  on the other side though we currently have : - sir winston churchill - charles darwin - adam smith - matthew boulton and james watt previously we 've had : - charles dickens ( writer ) - sir edward elgar ( composer ) - michael faraday ( scientist ) - sir john houblon ( first governor of the bank of england ) - sir isaac newton ( scientist ) - florence nightingale ( nursing ) - william shakespeare ( poet/playwright ) - george stephenson ( engineer ) - 1st duke of wellington ( general/statesman ) - sir christopher wren ( architect ) - elizabeth fry ( philanthropist ), 
  ireland 's remarkable recovery is simply down to being a tax haven ( look at gni/gnp and you get a very different picture ) and having money thrown at it by the eu ( as opposed to being leeched away , as happens to the uk ) . 
  it 's fine to like the euro for its looks , but the fact that they could n't even decide on real buildings to stick on symbolises the lack of real unity . 
  nah , we were just hit very hard during the financial crisis due to how large our financial sector is . 
   well you should . 
  what a convincing argument !, 
  why ? 
  it 's served us well . 
  we 're able to control it directly which was pretty handy during the financial crisis . 
  and from a purely aesthetic viewpoint , at least our money has real historical figures on it , not some buildings that never existed . 
  i can not imagine that people here are really willing to give up our currency . 
  which is fairly autonomous .
