  nobody knows quite for sure . 
  why ? 
  the eu is a very expensive organisation for us to belong to and its priorities are not aligned with those of the uk . 
  there 's quite a well known joke that covers this :  a journalist , researching for an article on the complex political situation in northern ireland , was in a pub in a war-torn area of belfast . 
  one of his potential informants leaned over his pint of guinness and suspiciously cross-examined the journalist : `` are you a catholic or a protestant ? '', 
  the irishman asked . 
   `` neither , '' replied the journalist ; `` i 'm an atheist . '', 
   the irishman , not content with this answer , put a further question : `` ah , but are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? '', 
  to me , yes , i voted remain and i thought we got a sort of ok deal . 
  i 'm still open to the * possibility * that it might be better outside though . 
  or just encourages only rich people to take the job because they do n't care about money . 
  i do n't think he suggested that . 
  just that being outside might be * better value * . 
   inversely proportional to their `` defense '' budgets so by that logic the us basically does n't start any retarded wars , or is a serious outlier . 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@53.7949531,-1.7561127,3a,75y,65h,99.56t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1slwccsyxnc-pby5vgvkaofg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) we say `` car park '' or , for one on multiple levels , a `` multi-story car park '' ( though you can just say `` multi-story '' ) . 
  such as the world !, 
   it is understood dr fox said that if the uk was not granted access to the single market , the eu would have to pay compensation to countries such as south korea , with whom the eu has a free trade deal . 
  losing britain as a member of the single market meant the market for south korea would shrink , and the eu would have to pay compensation to that country for it . 
  this is interesting . 
  that 's his default setting . 
  both types are stuffed full of them . 
  so basically it 's like european articles on brexit . 
  you 're really over-egging this . 
  we 're a top tier country , even if we 're not a superpower . 
  we will do fine . 
  france would do fine too , just so you know . 
  even if you sound a little insecure . 
  the eu and uk will only agree to a * mutually * beneficial trade deal . 
  it 's not going to be * more * of a good thing for either side . 
  it will be balanced . 
  you will get some regional offices for the banks , sure . 
  but mostly dublin , frankfurt etc. 
  paris is not liked by finance . 
  the ema will be replaced with our own agency , filled with ema staff because they do n't want to move . 
  drugs will still be exported . 
  esa and cern are small beer , but we 'll still take part - they are european ventures , ** not ** eu ventures . 
  as for airbus ? 
  well it 's always been designed to benefit the french most , but we 'll still be part of it . 
  to do otherwise out of spite would simply benefit boeing . 
  as i said , if the deals are bad , we do n't take them . 
  just like the eu wo n't take a bad deal with the us . 
  mutually beneficial trade deals are pretty common though . 
  it 's not bad though , is it . 
  i like all sorts of cheeses but cheddar is a staple . 
  a good cheddar is awesome . 
  i like it more mature than a bbc 4 documentary . 
  and saltier than / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i think you shared the wrong video . 
  same thing is it not ? 
  there is still a veto on many things . 
  well it did remind me of the halo soundtrack . 
  yes . 
  trade is not a fight determined by raw gdp . 
  and we wo n't have to deal with small subregions scuppering a deal which is already designed-by-committee . 
   example - when canada went to negotiate ceta , we had to make deal with every single eu memberstate , and it still nearly failed due to wallonia - a sub-state . 
  it 's ok . we can do a direct deal now !, 
  ( well , soon ) . 
  schrodinger 's uk . 
  simultaneously vetoing everything and ruining the eu , while also doing nothing at all . 
  a very fair point . 
  it seems the membership fees are n't the only fees . 
  i doubt the electorate would have been happy to join such a union if they had known that extra charges could be conjured up !, 
   in the end , the question is : is the uk exporting more than it imports ? 
  obviously not . 
  but the lower value of the pound ( which , btw , is really not that low ) could boost exports and close the deficit . 
   india will also have strong demands for a trade deal and gb will have no other choice than to accept the demands , it 's not like gb could send troops to be more compelling . 
  why the hell are you jumping straight to military action ? 
  there will either be a good deal , or no deal . 
  we will not accept a bad deal . 
   protect its agriculture and industry only those that are productive enough , thanks . 
  i do n't want to waste money propping up unprofitable businesses . 
  we have a large trade deficit with the eu ( it accounts for 53 % of our imports , but just 44 % of our exports ) . 
  perhaps brexit will help us rebalance  . 
  it sounds quite london , but there 's definitely something else in there . 
  i do find it pretty crazy that she still rides at 90 + . 
  pretty risky i 'd have thought . 
  what languages do you need for official business ? 
  i was under the impression that the government only used hindi or english . 
  could be misinformed though . 
  goes well with the `` get your shit stars off our flag '' chant . 
  but at least they exist !, 
  should be some symmetry with those broadcasting into the uk moving here , unless we have a massive surplus of broadcasters . 
  it 's nice to visit , sure . 
  ahh , another xenophobe !, 
  how did we mooch ? 
  we 've contributed a great deal and pay in about the same as france , a similar country in many ways . 
  if we mooch , france mooch . 
  it 's not about replacing them . 
  it 's about having to replace them all in one go . 
  you lose continuity . 
   according to documents seen by politico , the agency warned that 75 percent of employees could quit . 
  we can expect it to be high , but that high ? 
  impressive . 
  i have read that , but this is calculated from polls is n't it ? 
  what sample size ? 
  most people i 've spoken to would be quite happy to try some horse . 
  however , we like to know what we 're eating . 
  not sure about apple , but iirc google used a double irish with a dutch sandwich , as they call it . 
  it 's a one off . 
  still far too much though .
