   uncertainly over the status of current eu citizens we could easily have worked out a reciprocal arrangement on this , but the inflexibility of the eu has stopped this from happening . 
   i 'm so curious to see how a young briton could afford his 10,000 pounds/year bill for university with a loan , that you only pay back when earning over a certain amount ? 
   non erasmus studies i like the idea of erasmus , but it 's hardly something most people do . 
   no possibility to relocate freely in another eu country for work or study we 'd rather go to the english speaking commonwealth just due to the language , or the roi . 
   no healthcare refunds in the eu this will hit some people , but anyone sensible has holiday insurance anyway . 
  that seems rather muddy . 
  arguably we either `` subscribed '' to the eu , in which case we have no obligations on leaving , or we `` bought in '' , in which case we can offset our share of assets against future obligations . 
  it would be free movement for the irish and british across these isles . 
  by enforcing the law - employers would be fined for employing an illegal migrant and they would be unable to rent or buy a house . 
  any europeans will likely be able to visit directly anyway . 
  why fly via dublin when you can go direct to heathrow from your home country ? 
  sure , this will still be a problem too , but we 're not going to stop people coming in holiday because of it . 
  we agree to freedom of movement with ireland . 
  of course they will . 
  why would europeans choose to live here illegally when there are 26 other countries they could choose legally . 
  it 's about restricting the rights to live and work , not the right to visit . 
  let 's see , 
  because they are both actions or stances that the eu could take . 
  for the first if you have the uk and roi both asking for no border and the eu denies it of * course * they 'll be the bad guys . 
  the second is rather self explanatory . 
  no , this wo n't change visa policy . 
  the more spain tries to blackmail the rock , the more the citizens will turn against spain . 
  we graciously let your country in !, 
  i doubt you 'd kick us out , especially when we give you a ton of money . 
  yeah no . 
  high enough that we still got horse lasagna !, 
  we already try to have a fairly agreeable visa policy across our islands . 
  i 'm taking the long view here , but if the eu puts barriers between the uk and roi , and harmonises corporation tax , it 's hardly going to be seen as benevolent . 
  depends how much the eu cares about ireland . 
  not caring about ireland could eventually cause irexit . 
  \\ ^_^ that 's what we 're aiming for . 
  and if you 're doing the same we should be ok . 
  that 's the plan !, 
  we signed up to play by the members rules and regs . 
  is there anything that says these would still apply for ex-members ? 
  so that means that rather than buying a share , we were paying a subscription . 
  that means we do n't have any liabilities . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  which is why i 'm surprised that free movement seems to be wanted across the board . 
  as i 've mentioned previously a lot of the newer members should be happy to give uk an exemption on fom . 
   the eu 's budget is 1 % of gdp . 
  the uk contributes about 10 % of the total budget . 
  do you really think that the rest of the eu ca n't come up with an extra ~ 15 billion euros annually ? 
  funding the eu is n't popular . 
  it was a huge argument in brexit and would be a boon to other eurosceptic movements . 
   i sincerely believe that you will suffer more and that the price we will have to pay for this worth it . 
  the only winning move is not to play . 
   do n't believe you can fuck up our union without any bad consequences we 're not trying to . 
  we 're just trying to leave . 
   pragmatic economics will always end up on top as history has shown !, 
  oh ... yeah , this is the only bit that worries me . 
  not everyone is a rational actor . 
  while we have a border we ca n't stop eu citizens at said border , which will continue but this time by mutual agreement rather than membership . 
  just fyi , when we talk about control of our borders we 're really talking about the right to live and work here . 
  i broadly think it 's a good thing , though there 's a certain amount moral hazard that enters the equation for each country in receipt of funds ( no point investing if the eu will do it for you ! ) . 
  i 'm just annoyed at the meme that the uk is some sort of ruthless freeloader . 
  the reality is that we 're a significant net contributor . 
  i was clumsily alluding to the members who receive more funding from the eu than they contribute . 
  except half the members are getting free trials anyway . 
  bremain , though i 'm now quite ambivalent . 
  i 'm certainly more wary of the eu than before , and while the leave campaign was pretty bollocks the remain campaign seems to be full of almost as many lies and exaggerations . 
  there 's brinkmanship on both sides . 
  you write like an imperialist . 
  * maybe * romania will block a deal , but it 's unlikely to do so just for the sake of it . 
  it certainly would n't make you popular with countries that depend on exports to the uk !, 
  we do n't relinquish * complete * control , but we do have to accept eu migrants . 
  the * vast majority * of countries around the world do n't have free movement with their neighbours , let alone countries 2000km away . 
  do n't get me wrong , i voted to remain and was prepared to accept continued free movement , but it really is a big ask for a country 's people to agree to it . 
   it will never be fairly close since the deal you already had was the best of all european countries . 
  our deal was pretty much the same as yours ( with our rebate counterbalancing the cap ) . 
  maybe we both did reasonably well , but the uk does not have meaningful special treatment . 
  i mean , fucking hell , you 're the country that makes the eu go on a road trip to france just for the hell of it . 
   the other 27 member states could n't care less about what you lot voted for the prevalence of this topic on this subreddit suggests otherwise . 
   a deal is a deal , you do n't get to nitpick what parts of it you like and what parts you do n't . 
  deals can be one sided or balanced , narrow or broad . 
  i 'm not lecturing anyone - i merely state that the uk will accept a deal that is good for the uk and balanced . 
  we will not accept one that only helps the eu . 
   no agreement is required for irish in the uk under the 1949 westminster act . 
  this will be reviewed if british citizens are blocked from the roi . 
   the cta is a non binding arrangement and not a legal agreement like many in the uk believe . 
  like any agreement , it can be redrawn . 
  turns out that the eu 's free movement might not be forever either !, 
   ireland is constitutionally bound to uphold the eu laws and that means reciprocating whatever job market restrictions the uk puts on eu citizens . 
  incorrect . 
  eu free movement means that ireland has to allow all eu citizens in and allow them the right to live and work . 
  the eu ** does not ** stop ireland affording the same rights to non members . 
  the uk is ending the agreement with the whole eu . 
  an agreement with ireland is still desired , and the same can be said for ireland wanting fom with the uk . 
  i expect a revised cta agreement will clarify residency and employment ( allowing both ) . 
  third point is only true if the roi decides to make that so , which would result in the restrictions on irish citizens in the uk . 
  it 's rather unlikely and i 'm happy to wager that with you . 
  there 's no reason why that would be the case . 
  of course roi could easily make it happen , but i consider it extremely unlikely . 
  we wo n't need visas . 
  we will have fom between the uk and roi . 
  then we get a bad deal and the eu gets a bad deal . 
  it will be a shame if we can not come to a mutually agreeable solution . 
  most of what you 've written is about people covering their asses . 
  that 's fine , but it 's very unlikely that the outcome will be that british citizens end up only filling jobs that eu migrants ca n't . 
  we will compete on a level playing field .
