  i just do n't fucking want to hear about **** fucking comcast . 
  to be honest my first through was that you were italian ... then i saw this post . 
  i 'm just going to blame the colour gamut of my monitor . 
  we did have a vote on an alternative system in [ 2011 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) and it was rejected pretty universally . 
  those who rejected it considered it unnecessarily complex for voters ( though generally saying that they themselves understood it ) and that the system we had already is fine ( it ai n't broken , do n't fix it ) . 
  many people saw it as giving ` extra ' votes to people who voted for less popular parties and therefore undemocratic . 
  the `` no '' campaign was strongly supported by the right-wing press , in particular lord and lady rothermere 's * daily mail * . 
  there is a certain distrust for proportional representation systems in that extreme parties get to have a voice . 
  with fptp we seem to end up with a parliament where the views are not particularly extreme or from a fringe party . 
  notable exception : george galloway . 
  many people see it as a welcome barrier to parties such as the bnp or to religious fundamentalism . 
  is our system liked ? 
  not sure , but it 's certainly respected and unlikely to change . 
  there could be some bias in the people i choose to hang around with , or perhaps as people * get * older , they become more anti-eu ? 
   personally i ca n't think of anyone my age who i know in real life who is vocally anti-eu , though i see some on facebook who share posts from nationalist groups ( usually anti-islam or similar ) but none of these seem to be visibly eurosceptic . 
  i hope we do n't leave - my family are all pro-eu as a whole , with one or two who have moved to spain to work . 
  ( maybe not a wise choice with the economy , but they are both working ) . 
  in westminster ? 
  absolutely . 
  our system is ** first past the post ** for parliament . 
  we vote for an mp ( member of parliament ) to represent our constituency ( mapped to areas of roughly equal population ) , whoever gets the highest number of votes in a constituency gets to go to westminster - there is no prize for second place . 
  here 's how it looked in 2010 : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2010#mediaviewer/file:2010ukelectionmap.svg, 
  agree . 
  it 's a strange argument - one that should n't have relevance now . 
  we live in a different time . 
  well , most people in my age-group ( 18-30 ) are vaguely pro-eu . 
  sometimes anti immigration , but not generally against those from europe . 
  most of the anti-eu sentiment seems to come from older people - often retired . 
  they built a port which lets you leave - i 'd say that 's pretty great !, 
  to be fair , i do n't remember calais being too bad apart from the general area being full of cheap-wine warehouses . 
  which is probably our fault ... 
  hell , i insure my battered topper , so i ca n't imagine not insuring something like that :p, 
  how would you say it has changed in the last ten years ( since i was last there ) . 
  i remember that we were told of high levels of corruption , but the only police we spoke to were fine and welcoming ( they were after someone who 'd previously lived at the address we were staying at ) . 
  yeah , i was impressed at that . 
  guess phrases like `` on the weekend '' would pick out americans . 
  not sure how they 'd determine welsh though . 
  to be fair the eu is n't threatened directly . 
  yet . 
  somewhat ironically , half the stations i 've been through this week have posters comparing the uk 's network to others - showing it way further ahead of germany and others !, 
  it 's actually about ` most improved ' , which means it 's just very slightly less awful than it used to be ... 
  http://imgur.com/dpovt7v something like that ... and that 's with a 16-25 railcard . 
  once that expires , i intend to drive or fly everywhere ... 
  durham ( far north east ) to truro ( far south west ) - if i drove it would be a solid seven hour drive without breaks . 
  i think it 's about 400 miles . 
  at the moment i think i 'm still on the east coast mainline , which is a pretty constant 125 mph . 
  the railway around the south west is notoriously bad , which is where it slows down and cars overtake you !, 
  there is only on mainline in this area and it 's mostly not electrified . 
  in recent storms at dawlish , the track was washed away and we were cut off . 
  the # 20 first class upgrade has been worth it for the wi-fi to reddit on ... 
  i 'm in bed , extremely hungover and with an eight hour fifteen minute train journey in thirty minutes . 
  tomorrow is the first day of my new job . 
  should probably get up ? 
  just the two ? 
  well , that 's probably a quarter of our air force ... 
  it may be the case . 
  but popular opinion here says that we pay a hell of a lot more in than we get back out . 
  however , in my area we 've gained a lot from the eu as cornwall has had a * lot * of eu money put into it over the years which i am sceptical that westminster would have done as much on its own . 
  at a national level i 'm unsure and probably ill-informed . 
  the new destroyers look sweet , but only 6 rather than the original 12 ? 
  i 've not heard that one before . 
  my father still forgets occasionally . 
  it 's clearly hard for him when he spent so many years driving without a seatbelt - including in the police , where 100mph without a belt was fine , apparently . 
  on the other hand , it 's a popular idea that roads are much better on the continent . 
  ours are potholed and in need of repair . 
  continental roads are lovely and new - but that might have something to do with the expensive toll roads in france . 
  haha !, 
  was following a polish lorry the other day for a good couple of miles before it managed to pull to the side to let an ambulance past . 
  but in fairness we do have quite a few foreign lorries down here and that 's my first complaint . 
  the second one is the most brutally manipulative that i 've seen . 
  saw it years ago , but its the one i always think of . 
  * dat shot of parents crying in morgue tho *, 
  weird that bae have a hand it in , but i have n't seen anything like it over here ... 
  does look pretty damn good on paper . 
  appreciate that - just using it as an example . 
  i think we could put up a good fight all together , especially us nato members that train together . 
  i think they get more for their money than we do . 
  we ( uk ) do n't even have an aircraft carrier right now ... 
  yup , i 've seem them . 
  all so incredibly tasteless . 
  i just wished we played a greater part in it . 
  i promise we 'll change . 
  hey , i still liked it . 
  it was happy . 
  but i did n't vote at all . 
  probably needed to be more gay . 
  that 's the only way to do it ... 
  really enjoyed it by eurovision standards . 
  camera work was also exceptional . 
  this is what i like - the whole of europe watching and deriding as one . 
  never saw that . 
  link ? 
  i do n't think / u/confoederationis said it was deliberate . 
  so hated they named us twice !, 
  they did have some sort of alliance with scotland before the union . 
  the times is n't particularly anti-eu in my view . 
  at least not in a daily mail-esque way . 
  i like how she 's clearly backpacking in paris and has apparently brought her cat with her . 
  ca n't see the snp supporting that . 
  i generally have a pretty positive view .
