  which countries do you think would be into that ? 
   in the great britain , sure . 
  eu is n't about just free-trade though , and it 's a openly stated thing . 
  we know the eu is something different , this is just what we would like it to be . 
  we are not alone in that wish . 
   `` but also x did that too '' is n't some excuse . 
  we all know that uk was the party who has always been the blocking element for any further integration . 
  the uk is just one of many countries opposed to deeper integration . 
  if we 've blocked anything it is either by veto ( in which case other countries , particularly in scandinavia , will do the same in future ) or by majority ( in which case we * can not * have succeeded alone ) . 
  take a look at this : https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/eb81-federalism.png, 
  yes , a basic single market where we have control of borders * for people * would be extremely popular . 
  protection of pensions is sorely needed . 
  i would prefer to know some extra details on how this would work though !, 
   wants eu to be `` just a a free-trade thing '' this is a pretty popular option . 
  the eu is too much for many people - would you rather have * nothing * or a `` free-trade thing '' ? 
  also , can you please tell me what the uk blocked that you wanted ? 
  maybe we can also see which other countries blocked it too !, 
  that 's to do with being a small country that 's a tax haven . 
   cost a lot of money getting the north up to speed yes . 
  we send # 10bn there and even that huge subsidy is only enough to keep the place ticking over . 
  not really . 
  people from all over the world come here in holiday . 
  we 're hardly going to say that nobody from the eu can visit . 
  i 'm saying that there 's no reason why another level of membership could n't exist that did not include the automatic right to live in other counties . 
  that 's an eu definition . 
  i 'm simply saying that citizens of the republic of ireland and the uk will continue to have the right to live in each other 's county . 
  sure , in an effort to bring them into the eu . 
  i could easily imagine such a status being created for the uk if we were slowly becoming closer . 
  the single market is nice in some ways , but obviously comes with huge perceived disadvantages . 
  we will get a good deal in the end , as will the usa . 
  like what ? 
  so did you ? 
  jesus , how ignorant are you ? 
  our population ( and hence economy ) are almost equal to * two * canadas . 
  did you honestly just look at a map and think `` well , that 's a massive country , must be a massive economy !, 
  perhaps it should look at cutting costs and offering lower fees / better value !, 
  so , norway got a special deal which suited them . 
  no reason why such a status can not be created for the uk . 
  we had a deal pretty similar to your own , minus a couple of opt-outs which most on this site would say are * disadvantages * rather than gold plated opt-outs . 
  as far as i can tell we just want the most complete trade deal possible without fom . 
  that 's not unrealistic . 
  the parties that lose will be poorer eastern countries that will miss our direct contributions . 
   is the uk trying to humiliate the eu leaders , ala junker ? 
  he does that well enough by himself . 
  fom is not a problem for uk and roi . 
  we will continue to have fom between for our citizens within the cta . 
  the customs border will be a problem , but so far it appears more likely that it 'll be spot checks and barely visible . 
  because you are friends with lots of nations not in the eu !, 
  canada got a good deal . 
  they and malta do well , but to be fair if you gave them an agency which was just an office above a cornershop it would still be a better deal than any large countries get ... 
  france probably already does * best * in terms of size and number of agencies . 
  does n't seem right that they should get this . 
  same with the us , but they made sure to keep washington dc separate to any major state . 
   people in this sub forget that strasbourg is the historical seat of the parliament i 'm surprised to have not heard this before . 
  seen plenty of threads where the stupid inefficiencies are complained about , but never seen anything about how it 's the original . 
  by having passport checks we can keep out unwelcome non-eu citizens ( e.g. 
  calais migrants ) . 
  fucking hell give it up . 
  that 's not the goal of anyone . 
  the uk will be happy to let eu citizens visit , just not stay forever , so the border is n't a risk . 
  probably benefits from the cap . 
  i think it 's simply that what we want is quite different to what other countries want . 
  germany and france are much closer to the mean in that sense . 
  it should be , but nobody wants to foot the bill or cancel projects . 
  no , it sounds very expensive . 
  what ? 
  no it is n't . 
  a chippy indian nationalist on the internet . 
  how original . 
  oh he 'll try , but if he does , he 'll destroy the eu, 
   as i 've hard some people say , the us speaks american , the uk speaks english and the world speaks broken english . 
  i think this is true to an extent ( though we probably should n't forget the canadians ( most of them ) , the kiwis and the aussies . 
  i think the internet and modern media will stop other forms of english becoming too `` broken '' . 
  he enjoys it because it makes him feel powerful . 
  we started paying `` top up fees '' , now we pay the whole damn lot . 
  or do we ? 
  because half those loans are just going to be written off . 
   you tried to enter 3 times and they finally let you it was voted in by a large majority rather than a small % . 
  i think this is a reasonable point and with two thirds voting to join it can be considered a supermajority . 
   also severing ties and membership is harsher than making ties and joining one . 
  this is a reason you might want to have a confirmation vote when joining . 
  basically `` we 're going to become really entangled , so much so that we might never be able to leave , are you sure you 're ok with that ? '', 
  we did n't do that when joining ... 
  are you one of these people who thinks it 's not real work unless you 're physically aching by the middle of the afternoon ? 
  do you not get substitute days ? 
  when one of our holidays ( e.g. 
  christmas day ) falls on a weekend , we get a bank holiday on a weekday close by . 
  9am to 6pm is hardly exceptionally long ... 
   as a british passport is issued in the name of her majesty , it is unnecessary for the queen to possess one . 
  all other members of the royal family , including the duke of edinburgh and the prince of wales , have passports . 
  i found it funny that they left the uk out , but included canada and australia . 
  maybe someone 's bitter ... 
  perhaps , though we 've already had the eu saying not to buy british with the galileo system . 
  they fired the first shot in this respect . 
  despite the inflammatory title ( i guess independent.ie is an irish tabloid ) there 's no mention of a law , so this is at most a boycott . 
  is n't it normal in most countries to advocate buying produce from that country ? 
  walking unaided is generally fucking difficult when you 're 95 . 
  i do n't * think * it will happen , but i do believe it would be the best option for all involved . 
  wto rates will be fine . 
  it 's an integral part because they said it is .
