  ( the people at calais , for example , could not go to ireland anyway . ), 
  presumably a reasonably comprehensive free trade deal . 
  like has been done with canada . 
  ^ ( yes , i know it 's not like being in the common market . ), 
  i love our late trains when i 'm travelling for work . 
  lovely delay repay on journeys i did n't pay for . 
  my father recently got a seat leon . 
  seems pretty good actually . 
  hopefully not . 
  not against that , but * why * ? 
  in the uk it is possible to have a second passport if you have a legitimate need to travel a lot . 
  many of my colleagues have two passports so can still travel while applying for visas . 
  it 's hard to tell on here !, 
  i 'd rather things did n't turn to attacks on nationalities . 
  replacing national passports ? 
  that 'll be great for countries with weak passports , but i imagine potentially very unpopular with countries with more powerful passports who may end up with a more restricted eu passport . 
  redditor for four days . 
  only comments on brexit . 
  interesting . 
  a rather unpopular opinion and i think it would take decades for opinion to move that way . 
  but it * may * be in roi 's best interest if the eu forces a hard border for the customs union . 
  what do you oppose then ? 
  you can occasionally hear the news in cornish on the radio . 
  i do wonder how many listeners can understand though ... 
  it will mean free movement of people to live and work in our respective countries . 
  you 're right that the customs union is going to be a serious problem , but this is why it is best for roi to be in discussions with the uk for how best to tackle this post activation of a50 . 
  specifically it 's a non-binding agreement that the uk and roi can continue to uphold if they decide to . 
  the uk decided to alter their side of it then ( which is fair enough considering you refused to fight the nazis ) . 
  sure , you could decide to remove it now ( and could have at any time in the past ) . 
  i rather suspect you wo n't , as free movement between roi and uk is viewed as beneficial on both sides of the sea . 
  post-brexit , i believe that the uk will keep the cta arrangement by default and roi will basically get to decide whether to continue with it . 
  for it to be an actual * bilateral agreement * it does seem that eu would have to agree , but roi can set its own immigration policy however it likes . 
  i would expect the uk to continue with the cta and only move to close it if roi does not reciprocate . 
  i do n't think anybody would be asking ireland to treat british citizens * better * than eu citizens - so let 's go with the slight adjustment to pensions . 
  the same is fine  and i 'm glad to see you 've linked us to an article that says it 's possible . 
   however eu treaties are integrated into irish constitution and whatever restrictions the uk imposes on eu citizens will be matched in ireland by our collective unified response . 
  nonsense . 
   an employer could be brought to court if a job went to non-eu worker when an eu was available . 
  back this up please . 
  non-eu migrants certainly are n't second-class citizens in the uk . 
   cta will allow uk citizens to access the irish eu job market !, 
  well yes !, 
  ireland has free reign over who to allow to live and work in ireland . 
  the amount the uk already pays to ni is pretty close to the amount the uk pays to the eu in total . 
  have to agree . 
  it 's a bit rich to tell one country leaving a union that it must work its borders in a particular way to suit another country that left a union previously . 
  pretty much . 
  i think the sub would be thankful for a plague of locusts because it would be just what we deserve !, 
  personally i interpret `` expats '' as people * sent * abroad by their companies etc. 
  otherwise i talk about immigrants and emigrants . 
  i do n't think i know anyone who 'd say that our expats are n't immigrants from the perspective of the destination country . 
  i kinda think we have to leave . 
  there 's too much anger and bitterness to hang around . 
  it 's not bad , but he 's no # [ lieutenant general sir manley power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manley_power ), 
  we would * never * simply copy the french . 
  correct . 
  at worse poles are stereotyped as hard working low skilled workers with a bit of a thing for vodka . 
  romanians , bulgarians ? 
  they 're the real criminals !, 
  piss up session and civil war . 
  sounds great !, 
  i dunno , he basically did gta , so surely the suspect has extra hp ? 
  yeah , the economic campaign was similar to the one in the brexit campaign but even more fictitious . 
  i voted remain and tbh i did want a superstate in the mid to long term and the eu if it does n't collapse is definitely heading in that direction . 
  does n't seem all that voluntary with the scorched earth tactics people go on about on here though . 
  so instead you 'd pull a bigger more dangerous trigger . 
  kek . 
  that 's much less fun !, 
  i 've seen a german mine exploded , but i guess when it 's in the ocean far from anywhere it 's much less risky . 
  the polish driver could quite easily have saved another 10-20 people in doing this . 
  ( looks to be about half the distance ) . 
  plus the terrorist driver could have been going a log faster , in which case you could at least double the number saved again, 
  we have [ ** this ** ] ( http://bombsight.org/ ) for london . 
  does n't tell you the mission , but you do get a map and a rough date . 
  oh man , they 'd better video this one too . 
  maybe because we used bombs that did n't go off ? 
  if it was n't a problem , we 'd just renege on our debt on an annual basis !, 
  i 've heard * individuals * make that claim . 
  specifically i can remember a brummie girl staying she did n't have an accent . 
  but of course she did . 
  quite correct . 
  an inconvenient truth !, 
  scotland is n't really inherently that different . 
  it 's more that our different political parties have magnified these differences and made them appear bigger than they are . 
  do n't forget that the snp used to be staunchly anti-eu . 
  it was one reason , but judging by more recent polls not a particularly important one . 
  yup , we definitely have the ability . 
  i 've seen local news stories warning about gps jamming in certain areas for military exercises . 
  to be fair i 'm sure you can find just as many dm articles hitting out at france . 
  in addition to their healthcare being paid for by the uk as others have mentioned , do n't forget that their pensions are also paid for by the uk . 
  they 're basically money-fountains and i do n't mind if they get forced to come back here . 
   did they forget their only land border had a bit of a history behind it and would be complex to deal with ? 
  some probably did , but there were still plenty of leave voters actually living in ni though far from a majority . 
  we trust that ireland will also want a peaceful outcome . 
  there are a lot of unskilled jobs staffed by eu migrants though . 
  you ca n't deny that , but i guess we can argue about the figures . 
  maybe we could agree to keep reasonably high taxes in return for single market access ? 
  we have noticed . 
  still an interesting post , even if the tone could be more neutral . 
  how much of that is down to rich commuters who work in london ?
