  the rest of the uk does n't have such broken laws . 
  immigration is different to relinquishing control of immigration . 
  the effects were different depending on country . 
  people are n't one homogeneous group . 
  for example , by altering the tax system you could make everyone slightly poorer . 
  if you were using that metric you would say it 's a * bad * idea . 
  however , if you were measuring the wealth of the poorest 10 % you might find that it was a * good * idea . 
  you have to decide your priorities and they will * not * be simple . 
  you can argue that you 've made equally large sacrifices if you want . 
  the simple fact is that we * gave up * our right to restrict migration from 27 other countries . 
  that 's a * huge * sacrifice . 
  i agree . 
  mostly related to brexit . 
  but it manifests itself as `` silly uk , enlightened ireland '' . 
  surprising . 
  you literally just said that it would depend on the effects such migration had . 
  do you really really believe that there is only one true way to measure and analyse such effects ? 
  and only one conclusion that sensible people could make looking at the same data ? 
  just reminding people that we 're the good guys , 
  the net effect is subjective in that some people apply different weightings to different effects . 
  can you at least understand why from some perspectives allowing uncontrolled migration from poor countries might be a net negative , even if you do n't personally value it that way ? 
  the restrictions on the accession counties were lifted in 2014 . 
  sensible migration sure , great thing . 
  maybe try to keep it down during our housing crisis though , thanks !, 
  it 's an example numbnuts . 
  simply showing that people on here are only happy with fom with perceived high-value countries . 
  would you consider denmark having freedom of movement with somalia to be a sacrifice ? 
  extreme example , obviously , but one i 'd like to hear your thoughts on !, 
  very amusing that you think people are incapable of changing their minds . 
  go back far enough and you 'll see i flirted with federalisation to a degree . 
  maybe four years for the accession counties . 
  everyone thinks he was a shit regardless . 
  would you consider open borders with somalia ? 
  everyone draws the line somewhere . 
  sorry we did n't draw it in exactly the same place as you !, 
  perhaps recently . 
  i voted remain mate , though admittedly after a good week staring at my postal vote deciding what would be best . 
  the uk and italy are rather important in every sense than puerto rico . 
  we do n't * need * to be subsumed to be something on our own . 
  it 's a sacrifice if people believe it is . 
  although it can be a sacrifice in vain . 
  it would certainly have been better to restrict migration to high skills . 
  yup , that was dumb . 
  typical labour tactic though : import more labour voters !, 
  it 's a sacrifice that other countries that have trade deals with the eu do n't make . 
  each thread varies , but usually when the uk and roi are compared it ends up that way . 
  yes . 
  once we 're out , we 'll be out for good . 
  unless the eu changes * substantially * . 
  before long the eu will essentially be another country . 
  as such you 'd get the same answer as you would when asking if italy would like to become the 51st state of the usa . 
  we 've made big sacrifices , like having unrestricted migration for eu citizens for decades . 
  this is something that the eu wanted , but the british public did n't . 
  is that not a large enough sacrifice for you ? 
  lol , they 're going to be filled with f35s as soon as they 're ready . 
  the uk accounts for around 15 % of each f35 by value which means it 's worth a lot more to our industry than the eurofighter ever was . 
  we 've made huge sacrifices in terms of migration for decades !, 
  exactly . 
  yet on / r/europe the roi is seen somehow as comparatively enlightened compared to england . 
  haha !, 
  member states should just do their own thing . 
  as it stands it 's a massive transfer of wealth with no basis for it . 
  fair enough . 
  i had n't considered people who might have switched recently due to our amazing election . 
  i switched from remain to leave a few months ago . 
  could potentially go back , but at the moment rejoining the eu would feel like going back to an abusive lover . 
  if the cap gets nuked , sure . 
  that 's the only reason we 've ever needed it . 
  really ? 
  i know more people who 've gone the other way . 
  i pay # 20 / $ 22.70 for unlimited 4g data . 
  maybe they should shop around ... 
  admittedly tethering is limited to 30gb , but i still think it 's a decent deal . 
  that sounds an awful lot like the dreaded cherry picking to me . 
  they should accept all of our companies , or none . 
  those are the rules !, 
  you 're still in the mid 20th century . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  any region breaking away is secession . 
  it 's an island of ireland problem really . 
  great britain has no issue with abortion etc. 
  the people living in the republic just materialized there did they ? 
  almost every country is forged in bloodshed . 
  ni is absolutely the uk 's business and responsibility , unless it decides otherwise, 
  do you , or do you not think , that part of republic of ireland splintering off to join the uk would be secession ? 
  it 's an example that might be simple enough for you to understand . 
  i guess it was a little too taxing for you . 
  it 's the eu 's sequential negotiating position that 's unacceptable . 
  it 's both . 
  how would you view ni wanting to reunify with the uk if it had been part of the republic for a century ? 
  i expect the reason is to try to keep tensions low . 
  i never expressed a judgement on that . 
  just simply stating that it would by definition be secession . 
  a reunification that would by definition mean secession from the uk , unless we 're talking joint sovereignty !, 
  just like if in some hypothetical scenario some counties bordering ni were to reunify with the uk , they would be seceding from the republic . 
  we are trying to secede from the eu . 
  i said nothing about anyone being stopped , but i do feel that it 's a mistake for the eu to stir the pot . 
  it * is * a secessionist movement though . 
  secession followed by union , rather than merely secession . 
  it 's still secession from the uk .
