  on film it 's portrayed as a colourful and friendly country , if rather conservative . 
  indian food is extremely popular here , though presumably quite different to the real thing . 
  i think there 's huge potential , but not sure if modi is going to help deliver it or not . 
  that 's what they * say * . 
  i usually think an hour is sufficient . 
  i 've lived in cornwall most of my life !, 
  just as an oppressor , of course . 
  mostly from smaller countries . 
  i feel that people from smaller countries in europe want the others cut down to size ... 
  crisps are crisps because they 're crispy ffs . 
  you wan na fight ? 
  i guess it 's not your traditional ale - in fact i 'm pretty sure camra hate them . 
  but i do enjoy going to one of their bars whenever possible . 
  they tend to cost around that at events or airports . 
  so no , i guess not a typical pub . 
  drunk for # 5 . 
  dead drunk for # 10 . 
  dead for # 20 . 
  it 'd be really interesting to find out who 's been behind this . 
  i wonder how this tactic will pay off . 
  perhaps this sort of event will put others off from engaging in this line of business . 
  partly because of his manly physique , but mostly because he 's a cunt . 
  or it could have become bigger and therefore more powerful , 
  we definitely did n't vote . 
  well , technically the students union does . 
  i get the feeling that the university possibly tries to distance itself from the union . 
  for good reasons . 
  with regards to point one , we could hardly have done that alone . 
  not everywhere , but goldsmiths had non-whites only events ... 
  more likely he gives a disapproving look . 
  which to be honest , i probably do myself . 
  his party would have split in half had he not pledged to offer a referendum . 
  i thought the army was the odd one out : hence british , not royal . 
  i think it 's the swedish subsidiary of bae ( head-quartered in uk ) . 
  pretty sure they 're all actually put together in sweden . 
  those are a little higher than i remembered . 
  but i guess when you 've spent # 1500 on people smugglers you can spend a few hundred on luxuries . 
  i really liked the ireland pic , but just to annoy them i 'll say it 's rubbish :d, 
  they 're dirt cheap in eastern europe . 
  wages are rising and unemployment has been trending downwards over recent years , though admittedly it may have picked up again in the last six months . 
  i mean all my friends ( including those who have few qualifications ) who were unemployed are now working and most have experienced pay rises . 
  i can understand russia , but why does china give a shit ? 
  i believe muslims can eat pork if it 's the only food available . 
  besides , i 've seen plenty having a cheeky can of beer . 
  lots of countries are really just fossilized empires . 
  and things seem to be improving across the uk . 
  this gives me flashbacks of queuing to get into festivals . 
  i had a good time there , except for the gypsies . 
  one managed to charge me for going into a free public toilet . 
  realised straight after but it was too late . 
  i think we have some of our higher level it support from bulgaria , but first we have to fight our way through the incompetence of the indian tier of support . 
  we had [ similar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_charge ) . 
  it did n't go down too well though . 
  it is pretty fucking terrible , but i 've seen worse at glastonbury and bins are provided there . 
  now that 's what i 'm talking about !, 
  i suppose i know of farmers with shotguns . 
  that 's about it . 
  think i saw some at a clay pigeon shoot once . 
  quite happy with our general lack of guns . 
  that said , if i was in america for an extended period i would definitely want to have a go on a shooting range . 
  the fuck is that logo . 
  mastercard ? 
  it 's a [ tabloid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tabloid_journalism ) and therefore firmly sensationalist , but it is also firmly left wing . 
  it gets to a point when the nats are just taking the piss . 
  i 'd rather scotland left than scotland ran up ridiculous debts that the rest of the uk had to guarantee . 
  if scotland does n't want to pool resources , they can do so out of the union . 
  it 's also not a case of england saying what to do . 
  it 's the british parliament in which everyone has a say . 
  no , it 's up to the british government , unless the government decided that it should be devolved . 
  ca n't see it happening . 
  fiscal autonomy would cost them a lot of money . 
  i do n't think they could ever have fiscal autonomy without a separate currency . 
  especially after the eurozone mess . 
  i received this direct from then in an email too . 
  this is real :d, 
  facts ? 
  where we 're going , we do n't need facts . 
  the conservatives are playing on easy mode under corbyn . 
  `` expat '' to me means someone who either retired abroad or was made to move by their job . 
  whereas an emigrant moved to find a job . 
  hmm . 
  brittany looks annexable if it were on it 's own ... 
  i think if you 'd stayed it would actually have diminished the desire for scottish independence . 
  so 50 % culture and 50 % fuck you , got mine . 
  well , in both of those cases , a lot of people died to achieve independence . 
  i 'm guessing you would n't want that to happen if you seceded from spain . 
  he might be capable of keeping syria stable , but to allow that to happen i think areas are going to have to be lopped off and go their own way . 
  very true , but loads of white people - my friends included - have used chinese lanterns . 
  in my experience they have n't caused fires , but they did seem to summon a sea king helicopter . 
  probably just a coincidence though ... 
  has n't stopped us before ... 
  he uses the right words but fails to put any emotion into it , leading any listener to think he has no fucking idea what he 's saying . 
  so if the original poster is right , and this is right , the welsh , scottish and ni british must have tiny todgers to bring the average down this low . 
  i 'd find it hard to choose . 
  some of the smaller countries i do n't really know enough about . 
  i feel quite tied to staying in the uk but i 'd love to live in almost any of these countries for maybe six months if work allowed ... 
  this is eerily like people who fall for mlm scams . 
  posting pictures about how great their lives are , how free they are of 9-5 drudgery , how they 're living the dream . 
  am i honourary danish when i stay sat down at the airport for everyone to board first ? 
  no point waiting in that queue when the plane wo n't take off any faster .
