  there are merely east and west . 
  if it makes you feel better , we squabble all the time about where north and south are in our country . 
  the midlands is a thing but it 's pretty flexible and small . 
  places in the midlands end up being told they 're in the north or south when they 're really neither as far as they 're concerned . 
  surely you do n't think newcastle is entirely shit ? 
  and if you want somewhere quieter durham is a good bet too . 
  well it has rotational symmetry . 
  i guess that counts for something ? 
  they cut house prices by setting them on fire . 
  are there any other flags that have made it onto products in the same way ? 
  this has cropped up before and the only flags i 've noticed like this are uk and usa . 
  ahh bollocks ... 
  aww man , that just means we 'll have to get back to the drawing board . 
  ca n't have you getting ahead of us !, 
  as long as we do n't make the same mistake we made before , where we sold frigates to argentina shortly before we had a small war with them . 
  to be fair the supposed cost of the type 45s was also # 1bn a piece . 
  the cost is so high when you build just a few . 
  doubling the numbers built would certainly not double the total cost . 
  is that particularly bad ? 
  why did the bring the receivers ? 
  did the helicopters not have them ? 
  were the official ones just completely terrible ? 
  looks to me like the flash ruined the picture . 
  we could . 
  europe could do that on its own . 
  hell , the uk or france could do it on their own too . 
  but nobody will because it 's fucking expensive and it will cost hundreds of soldiers lives - maybe thousands when the insurgency happens again . 
  so for now we 're content with taking pot-shots at their 4x4s . 
  i did once mistake an irishman for an italian on here . 
  whilst i was complaining about scottish nationalists trying to tear my country apart . 
  probably not the best thing to say ... 
  probably the murder of princess diana which was conducted by mi5/mi6 . 
  edit : basically like this . 
  perhaps you could steal a flag from a more modern company 's logo ? 
  tame : walmart edgy : mcdonalds 2edgy : halliburton, 
  america 's first human spaceflight program only took five years . 
  and we already have a reliable rocket in arianne . 
  admittedly with a reduced budget and modern safety requirements i could see it taking a lot longer . 
  maybe we should start by building our own manned rocket ? 
  luckily both of our countries have a history of large companies that owned foreign countries ... 
  not sure that it 's too strange . 
  they 're definitely from asia and are a large immigrant group . 
  asian usually does n't mean chinese as we 'd just say chinese . 
  see bbc asian network as an example : http://www.bbc.co.uk/asiannetwork, 
  in london it seems to be at least codified . 
  most escalators seem to have a sign with this instruction . 
  i do n't come across the same signs elsewhere in the country . 
  seems close enough to the [ east india company ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_india_company ) to me . 
  i 'm not sure what influenced what anymore . 
  looks like a stack of sweets . 
  possibly wine gums . 
  all you 've done is show me a picture of a ukrainian flag . 
  where 's the explanation ? 
  oh my god it 's so frustrating when they 're speaking english but it gets overdubbed . 
  this probably happens more often the other way around though : /, 
  i do n't think the saxons were technically help . 
  they were bought and the sale was organised long before the conflict started . 
  the help has been more in the way of helmets and nightvision goggles iirc . 
  he 's just old labour . 
  while labour were in power 1997-2010 , old traditional labour have n't been in power since 1979 . 
  well , he 's not exactly pro-eu . 
  well i 've paid my # 3 because it 's the same as what you 'd pay to vote in a fucking tv talent show . 
  definitely worth the money for a laugh . 
  probably going to vote liz as my first then corbyn second because the party deserves to implode if it ca n't find anyone in the centre . 
  they do n't mind as long as they can moan and * feel * good about it . 
  of course any enemy is going to blame the other side for escalating tensions . 
  so you 'll have your get-out clause every time ... 
  if we go on with nuclear disarmament we may as well leave nato . 
  i feel it to be rather hypocritical to do otherwise . 
  oh it 's happening alright . 
  you may want to become an alcoholic for the next few years , just to take the edge off . 
  he 's right wing on reddit . 
  but please , remember . 
  this is reddit . 
  ^ ^ ^ meow, 
  you know , i think jeremy might just do that . 
  not subtle enough - you need instead to make a delicate reference to the possibility of this thread joining the great megathread in the sky . 
  while i agree with others that we 're most similar to ireland for ... obvious reasons ... france is certainly up there . 
  sure , france feels more like a foreign country when you 're there ( architecture , language etc ) but we also feel like we know france in ways we do n't with other countries . 
  some people just like to watch the world burn . 
  a problem halved is ... still a fucking problem . 
  yeah we definitely would . 
  not sure we could do it with no notice though . 
  while we have a number ready to respond at a moment 's notice i 'm not sure what that number actually is . 
  i 'm also not sure whether it includes tankers too ( which we 'd probably need ) . 
  christ skylon has quite the optimistic timeline . 
  visiting the iss by 2022 . 
  well , maybe if they were actually funded properly ... 
  yeah , i feel this is going to play out in an identical way to that increased tax we had to pay . 
  where george said he managed to halve it and delay payment , which was exactly what we were allowed to do in the first place . 
  both are acceptable but personally i 'd say `` static '' . 
  pretty much the definition of a sledgehammer to crack a nut . 
  pls . 
  stahp buying the houses . 
  #examples strongbow : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcbfedmxk-g carlsberg : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcme-mj9urc wkd : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aoz9r11h3o smirnoff : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8vihd8tnvk fosters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-ecyaucofm ( loved this one , pretty old though ) apparently we have a crazy amount of cgi half the time . 
  yes that was rather shitty . 
  one day i might even read through all wikipedia has to offer to atone for my great grandparents sins . 
  i present to you [ peterlee ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/02/69/57/2695742_31e17a03.jpg ) !, 
  not a city , but it 's still a fucking awful town . 
  there used to be a pretty well known local website for birmingham ( might have been more of a blog , ca n't remember ) .
