  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/immigration/who-does-what/more-information/explaining-the-rules-why-are-there-eu-rules-and-national-rules_en ) i do n't know how many times i have to emphasise that we really do n't mind eu citizens visiting the uk . 
   yes , but that does n't have anything to do with immigration policy . 
  what are you getting at here ? 
   no , it does n't . 
  any eu citizen can walk right in . 
  the uk is still going to let any eu citizen walk right in at heathrow . 
  withdrawing from freedom of movement is about no longer giving automatic right to live and work in the uk , not come here on holiday . 
  i 've not met any brexiters who want to stop europeans visiting . 
  as an aside , eu members do have the right to block criminals who they consider to still be a threat from entering their territory if ireland and the uk have a common travel area post-brexit , then the two countries will cooperate with regards to blocking dangerous criminals/terrorists from entering the isles by flagging their passports . 
   `` the project '' would be best served by ensuring that ireland does well without the uk so that everyone would see clearly the difference that eu membership makes . 
  strategically , yes this would make a lot of sense for the eu . 
  though i still feel that every country is looking out for number one , which may preclude this strategy . 
   accrodingly , i 'd say they 'll put up with the uk 's crap as much as possible and offer a vanila fta on the way out without any `` bespoke '' privileges . 
  maybe . 
  it has to be one that the uk would accept though , so there must be some give-and-take . 
  if it 's too one-sided we 'll be going the wto route . 
  personally i think it will be * very * bare-bones , or we 'll be going with wto . 
  i 'm honestly not that worried . 
  if i was i 'd be transferring all my savings to dollars . 
  since you clearly are , i suggest you do just that . 
   in other words you will have a massive smuggling and illegal immigration problem . 
  the smuggling would be in both directions and uk and roi police forces / coastguard will keep it to a minimum . 
  maybe every vehicle will need to be inspected . 
   illegal immigration problem why do you keep coming back to this without thinking ? 
  there is no significant increased illegal migration risk by having an open border with ireland . 
  anyone who had permission to be in ireland in any way could easily fly straight to the uk anyway . 
   if the uk wants to keep the full benefits of the single market , and unless it wants to dictate to the eu and ireland , then it will be nothing . 
  wto rules , that harm uk imports and exports . 
  i really doubt it will be * completely * wto rules . 
  i suspect there will be a very basic trade deal instead , which could hopefully be built upon over a longer period . 
  if this deal is punitive for uk-roi trade , then roi * may * ( this is the possibility , and i 'm not making any judgement ) decide that moving down a rung to eea status would be best for it . 
  going with the norway option , ireland would be free to benefit from the common market while also having a separate trade deal with the uk . 
  the euro may make this a non-starter , but it 's definitely not * impossible * . 
  it may stay that way , depending on how much collateral damage the eu is prepared to inflict on ireland in a hard settlement . 
  it will take quite some time for this to play out . 
  ( btw , the eu is n't going to tolerate your tax haven status forever ), 
  if immigration was the only issue the uk electorate had with the eu then we would have stayed in by a country mile . 
   we are the foreigners you want less of . 
  i 've not even heard any of the apocryphal stories you 'd expect about `` all them bloody irish coming over here and taking our jobs '' . 
  no , you guys are welcomed , even by actual racists . 
  they do sound rather racist . 
  a racist . 
   no , the uk has yet to begin the process of leaving . 
  all it has done is spout gibberish . 
  with the ridiculous two-year-countdown-clock you ca n't really blame us . 
  you can of course blame us for helping set up that retarded piece of legislation in the first place - that 's a fair cop . 
   if the uk is happy for freedom of movement as part of the eea , then that should be fine . 
  obviously that wo n't be acceptable . 
  the uk will not be dictated to by the eu . 
  we will still have freedom of movement for people with ireland but there may be issues with a customs border . 
   the uk has made it clear it wants capitulation . 
  this may sound strange to many in the uk , but that is not the same as cooperation . 
  source : speaking to many in the uk as a citizen . 
  the uk does want cooperation , though i would judge from recent politics that it does not extend as far as freedom of movement with 27 other countries . 
  if the eu continues with `` all or nothing '' then i suspect we will choose `` nothing '' . 
  the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  the uk did not elect the leave campaign - many people did n't like some of the rhetoric that the leave campaign came up with but went ahead and voted leave because it was * not about the campaign * but about * leaving the eu * . 
  let me know when theresa may starts tweeting nasty shit about your country . 
  it 's not as if we 've gone complete batshit and elected a racist leader . 
  that 's not hostility shown by the uk . 
  that 's hostility shown by the leave campaign - which did contain some pretty nasty shit . 
  the uk has not left . 
  it is in the process of leaving but the final picture is not yet set in stone . 
  personally i think it will probably be a fairly hard brexit , but the eu has plenty of options available to it which do n't include making a hard border on an island with only two sovereign states with territory there . 
  especially when those two countries want to cooperate as much as possible . 
  the uk has voted to leave the eu . 
  i personally voted to remain , but i 'm hardly going to call for a re-run unless public opinion has changed drastically . 
  ireland does n't have the right to tell the uk what to do in the same way that the uk does n't have the right to tell ireland what to do . 
  the uk wants a close relationship with ireland but it will not be * our fault * if the eu makes that impossible - you will have to decide if the rules of the club ( which may start to appear draconian to the irish public ) are still acceptable . 
  again , it will be the actions of the eu that actually impede trade between our countries and not the uk 's . 
  you can not blame the uk for eu-imposed trade restrictions as the uk is happy to trade freely with ireland . 
  if we continue with a rather tortured bus analogy , it will be the eu bus company only allowing you to use their buses after the uk company is divested , even when to get to many places you actually need to catch a uk bus and the uk bus company is happy to have you onboard . 
  i expect that the uk would be happy with a reverse-greenland . 
  it would be the eu that blocks that . 
  what hostility ? 
  correct , rather like a mini-schengen . 
  i probably should have phrased it differently . 
  complete sovereignty over all non-eu immigration . 
   i have no idea what that has to do with the schengen area . 
  because it does n't . 
  ireland still has freedom of movement exactly like the uk does . 
  freedom of movement means that ireland * must * allow eu citizens to live/work in ireland . 
  however , not being in schengen means that you do * require a passport to travel to roi * from the continent . 
  by being outside of schengen , ireland has complete free reign to allow anyone it wants into ireland , including uk citizens even after brexit . 
  just to clarify what i 've mentioned elsewhere . 
  this is worth looking at :  [ ireland and the united kingdom choose , on a case-by-case basis , whether or not to adopt eu rules on immigration , visa and asylum policies . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/immigration/who-does-what/more-information/explaining-the-rules-why-are-there-eu-rules-and-national-rules_en ) so ireland * can * let anyone inside that comes from outside the eu . 
  that would be about as popular as suggesting that ireland should rejoin the uk . 
  it 's a non-starter . 
  not many people expect it , but i do believe that ireland may get thrown under the bus if the eu decides the project must come before all else . 
  if ireland does leave , it will be over decades - euroscepticism takes time to take route , but if ireland is damaged badly by punitive eu actions against trade with the uk then that might just be enough . 
  i think that eea membership would be the most attractive place to be for ireland , but i expect the euro throws rather a large spanner in there . 
  whatever happens , ireland will do as it sees fit . 
  the flag is already pretty busy tbh . 
  i think it looks good but any more details would kill it . 
  the border can remain broadly open for movement of people . 
  roi is not in schengen and ireland retains complete sovereignty over its immigration policy . 
  the only border issue is going to be regarding goods and smuggling . 
  the uk is happy with free movement with ireland . 
  the uk is also not about to close the border to tourists , so basically anyone who wanted to come to the uk who could go via ireland would just fly straight to heathrow anyway .
