  ^ ( technically i 've tried , but i was never very good . ), 
  i remember watching some show ( either the killing or borgen ) in which a child of one country was having to learn the language of the other country . 
  i guess it takes at least some effort !, 
  it 's horribly convenient . 
  as in i feel guilty being able to go anywhere ( except france , perhaps ) and have a go at just speaking english . 
  it might take longer in some countries , but you can very quickly find someone who understands ... 
  debt restructuring = free money , right ? 
  presumably rescue them , then drop them off back in africa . 
  i think we can hold our ground on the cheese . 
  you can beat us on wine though . 
  we will create a corridor of neutrality !, 
  not us . 
  we hate them for being lazy with their siestas though . 
  even though they totally need them in that weather . 
  i find it amusing that somewhere in london only gets around 15mbit/s . 
  lovely to have fttp in my usually poorly serviced county . 
  looks like i 'm boarding the downvote train . 
  i 'm not a kipper , i 'm just saying what would be advantageous to their party . 
  it 's also a little repetitive considering that hms bulwark has a bulwark . 
  ukip will be * happy * to accept that . 
  if freedom of movement was downgraded it would hit ukip support . 
  it would be doable . 
  not much different to invading iraq . 
  but it might also go to shit after we left . 
  i want to stay in . 
  our prime minister wants to stay in . 
  i think it will be messy , but i do n't think we 'll leave . 
  have n't bet any money on it yet though . 
  they have their referendum and they 'll have to respect the result . 
  they can cause trouble , but they wo n't make us leave . 
  they said 2 % would be met this year . 
  let 's wait and sew what the sdsr says when it 's released ... 
  50 + out of 330 . 
  well , maybe in here . 
  just lie and say you have mbda stock instead . 
  i 'd say they 're pretty common . 
  maybe even most common . 
  greece has ... not exactly always been its own country . 
  how easy is it to find in france ? 
  i suppose when i 've been there i 've not been out of my way looking for it , but i 'd really quite like to try some . 
  ^ ( probably already tried some unknowingly . 
  thanks tesco . ), 
  i would totally eat it . 
  i thought italy looked rather tame in comparison . 
  then again , i do enjoy some good blood pudding ... 
  what cameron wants , above all else , is for ukip to just disappear . 
  umm ... you know that we really suck at voting in european elections , right ? 
  well , sort of ? 
  i would probably be accused of ` huffy vindictiveness ' by you in the scottish referendum threads , but as i broadly support evel ( english votes for english laws ) , i would also support european votes for european laws ( also annoyingly evel ) . 
  with regards to that old thread , of course scotland could n't have a currency union , just like if we left europe we could n't be in the eurozone . 
  that 's annual . 
  eton is about $ 35k , so this place is a hell of a lot more expensive . 
  you do get a pupil : teacher ratio of 5:1 instead of 8:1 at eton though ... 
  yeah , i kinda admire driving instructors faith that you wo n't screw up so badly they ca n't solve the problem with the brakes . 
  we bought them . 
  they came with a full service history and everything . 
  honest !, 
  pretty sure cameron/osborne played exactly by the rules , but tried to make it look like we got a special deal . 
  we 've always been quite good at combining the two . 
  i meant in europe , but interesting to know . 
  italy is much less wealthy , but that 's an interesting statistic nonetheless . 
  italy will get to breaking point , then things will get messy . 
  they must have made this list a while ago . 
  it 's been a long time coming . 
  weird that it 's just been ireland so far . 
  that seemed to work rather well i thought . 
  or give it jointly to us and france . 
  that would be sure to stir things up !, 
  we can finally build that massive nuclear waste dump that no county wanted ... 
  he 'll get * something * even if it 's not very much . 
  and that will be enough to sway the vote in his favour . 
  then you 're on the wrong continent ffs . 
  being able to read foreign media must make you think differently about a place . 
  i think of france like you once thought of us , but maybe if i could read their papers ... 
  how much autonomy do you have exactly ? 
  can you change most laws ? 
  raise taxes ? 
  i that case : flight booked . 
  it would be very australian to choose another country to annoy us ... 
  surely not anymore . 
  all the hot ones moved to the uk ... 
  but you have oil . 
  it would be rude not to . 
  we 've become horribly optimistic since the olympics . 
  it 's terrible . 
  i thought reddit loved devolution ... 
  if you managed 25gb in a non-participating country , you 'd need to re-mortgage your house . 
  we 're not in schengen and i 'm pretty sure romanians can come here to work ... 
  if india had n't been ... forcefully unified ... what would it look like ? 
  that 's something that quite interests me . 
  so much this . 
  i think it will quite likely happen eventually , but not today . 
  and why would n't it , given half the chance . 
  i would n't miss our team ... 
   however , what european nation states need to realise is that their absolute authority over themselves is ever diminishing regardless of whether the eu exists or not . 
  rising powers like china and india are gradually increasing the influence over others ( especially weaker nations ) . 
  so whether european nations like it or not , their absolute authority over themselves will still be diminished in the future due to these rising powers . 
  what you say is true , but the larger countries of the eu are going to find their current situation tolerable for a lot longer than the smaller countries . 
  oh it is , absolutely . 
  i 'd just recommend going a few miles either side of land 's end and you 'll find similar but less well travelled [ coastal footpaths ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@50.148502,-5.690703,3a,75y,116.54h,82.74t/data=!3m5!1e1!3m3!1s_gjfmiomxtwaaaagoya1qq!2e0!3e11 ) .
