  hopefully the federal government would allow them to leave if it was their wish . 
  hopefully they wo n't want to though . 
  ca n't the local authorities organise something ? 
  it might not be official , but it would be something . 
  vague recollection this might have happened already . 
  cornwall checking in . 
  we have some separatists but they are n't taken seriously . 
  there was also the cornish national liberation army which i believe set fire to a barn once . 
  most of the independence movements seem to be barely concealed greed , selfishness or spite . 
   the unity of spain is consagrated in the constitution , so no change of it can be done without changing the constitution . 
  so like the us then . 
  does seem pretty bad . 
  the uk is n't a federation . 
  cornwall has as much right to break away as either scotland or derbyshire . 
  does n't seem very democratic then . 
  it should definitely be a referendum . 
  surely one can be organised if they have a majority ? 
  maybe it was , but very low effort . 
  thought it was more likely someone who did n't understand that it was a british base / sovereign area . 
   collected 34 % of gdp as taxes does that gdp figure include the shadow economy though ? 
  ... why would we bomb our own runway ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he threw me out of a club once . 
  i still like how one of our submarines is called hms vengeance . 
  prefect name for a deterrent . 
  yes , the real question is whether you 'd want to or not  . 
  usually they 're at places like airports and planes . 
  places we only go from time to time . 
  on 7/7 people were killed going to work , on a daily grey wet journey . 
  ^ ( actually i do n't think the weather was too bad , but you get the idea . ), 
  yeah . 
  and it should be declared . 
  greece want the default but without any downsides . 
  the eurozone ( mostly ) bought that debt at knockdown prices . 
  above market value , but for less than the loans were originally worth . 
  i believe the majority of the debt is owned by nations and not banks now , so it 's a bit late to wish the banks went bust . 
  you 're making puerto rico sound a lot more like a state than i thought it was ... 
  why would anyone want to write-off debts ? 
  do you do that when you * have * to . 
  well if you 're willing to pay ... 
  yes . 
  if france are willing to do * everything * then of course greece will be fine . 
  but france will have limits . 
  is n't that like half the objection to austerity ? 
  so they 're going to accidentally have austerity now ? 
  i really hope this vote has n't fucked everything up for you . 
  or not . 
  because nobody wants to throw good money after bad . 
  well this looks like a relative landslide so far ... 
  true , it 's simpler and i think no is more likely . 
  did n't stop me putting a few quid on yes just now because i liked the odds . 
  very important . 
  in our recent elections the normal polls showed one thing , but the * exit poll * showed something dramatically different , which also happened to be closest to the outcome of the election . 
  just thinking about that , i say `` nah '' instead of `` no '' half the time . 
  i 'm too casual ... 
  it 's good because it 's not a tabloid . 
  it 's bad because it 's very one sided politically ( like the opposite of the telegraph ) . 
  the guardian is often known as the teachers ' paper ... 
  shitting hell . 
  i can see why germany might be a little pissed off . 
  because they would n't side with the snp . 
  what should be changed ? 
  other than stricter rules for joining ? 
  oh come on . 
  either option is a door to a world of pain . 
  1700 - fucking hell we really dropped the ball . 
  ^ ( i assume that 's just a typo ... ), 
  clouds over uk . 
  yup . 
  it 's legit . 
  if the snp really * really * want to , i 'm sure we 'd let them . 
  love to see their bluff called . 
  and the three non-european comparison countries that we created / helped create are miles ahead of us ... 
  we really need to up our game . 
  sadly the easiest way would be to lop off under-performing regions such as my own ... 
  the structure confuses me , but ok !, 
  i think you mean boris . 
  regardless , sturgeon 's just saying shit knowing that whatever she says , she 'll never have to deal with any consequences . 
  she 's the leader of the snp in holyrood , but not the leader at westminster afaik . 
  they have a lot of power in holyrood and effectively none at westminster . 
  she is the first minister of a devolved region of ~ 5 million . 
  the mayor of london is mayor of ~ 8 million . 
  on the global stage her opinions are more important than those of a county council leader , but less important than boris johnson 's . 
  excluding rabid snp supporters , most scots would agree with that . 
  please note that foreign policy is n't devolved in any way , so we can safely ignore all of them . 
  it 's less newsworthy than the mayor of a major city calling for debt relief . 
   wont change their location from europe/the us to asia are n't hsbc thought to be considering just that ? 
  large companies get to decide which market to float on . 
  as far as i knew , thxbbz is `` thanks babes '' . 
  not something i use regularly though ... 
  well we certainly are n't leaving akrotiri and dhekelia :3, 
  thxbbz, 
  i think isis was n't much of a thing back then . 
  al nusra was bigger iirc . 
  but surely they 're leasing from you as well and it balances out ? 
  i 'd have thought this could be good for business anyway . 
  rather than turning off data as they board the plane , consumers will actually use their devices abroad and may want to upgrade their contracts . 
  at worst i think isis would only be replaced by another similar group . 
  so maybe it 's worth a try . 
  the brimstone does * seem * rather surgical . 
  from what i 've seen anyway ...
