  when someone says ` th ' when they 're trying to say 's ' it 's a lisp and we do tend to make fun of people with lisps . 
  there 's an urban legend that in spain there was a king with quite a pronounced lisp , which is why that pronunciation became popular . 
  i actually thought this was true until i looked it up a second ago ... 
  i thought tesco still did ? 
  but i 've not had a look there for ages . 
  asda occasionally have some sort of deal , but it 's not the full sandwich/drink/snack shebang . 
  sainsbury 's do it , but i think it 's # 3.50 . 
  boots is good too , and i think works out at # 3.29 or something ... 
  historically there are a number of things we 've disagreed about ... 
  but i agree that it 's a bit odd . 
   france needed a multifunctional jet for it 's navy too . 
  there was talk of a navalised typhoon , but that did n't go anywhere . 
  we could if we really wanted to . 
  i think . 
  hope . 
  perhaps some ouzo for sir ? 
  no , but they 're still a huge economy . 
  they 're not entirely cut ... 
  i know plenty of people on minimum wage who do n't get tax credits anyway . 
  seems better to get rid of them and raise minimum wage , as is being done . 
  that 's probably what i have the government last month in fuel duty . 
  i 'll go and buy another couple of tanks worth if you want me to pay your share ... 
  depends where you are . 
  ca n't comment for france but it 's often cheaper to fly in the uk than it is to get the train . 
  important to remember that developing countries often have younger populations . 
  `` it is believed to be the first time during the current mediterranean migrant crisis that people have arrived on uk sovereign territory . '', 
  oh shit - they 've found the loophole !, 
  well , hot food is , is n't it ? 
  i feel i might be out of place drinking beer and scoffing sausage rolls . 
  wait ... who gets to stay then ? 
  you mean english ? 
  also they 're in meo , so soon enough other move in to replace them . 
  wonder what happens if you bought five totally oversized pills . 
  a bit like in that cake sketch ... 
  what would you say ? 
  `` remaining '' would work , but i think `` surviving '' is probably the best choice . 
   oftentimes you 've gone full-american bruv . 
  it annoys me most when it 's put into a circle . 
  our flag survives being cropped into a circle much better than the american one . 
  at least the flags of the first two are connected to ours . 
  for now !, 
  something about keeping britain white ? 
  `` human rights '' are not that popular with the swing voters , i would imagine . 
  then yeah , ok , probably muslims ... 
  could be kurds though , who are n't necessarily muslim ( though i think the majority are ) . 
  there was speculation that there would be another vote soon to include syria in operation shader . 
  russia may have derailed that though . 
  the victors and vulcans did shit all . 
  these days we 'd use tomahawks launched from submarines to achieve much much more . 
  good job moldova !, 
  is that ... is that a corbyn joke ? 
  it 's annoying how close the nus is to labour though . 
  lol . 
  i 'm pretty sure the final document will be available to all when they actually vote . 
  funny how we see the snp do the same with their devolved parliament . 
  it happens at all levels . 
   why should england have to push these values ? 
  again this depends on your point of view , but if you believe that what england ( and the rest of the uk ) are pushing is better than what the others have to offer , then maybe it 's a good thing . 
  depends on your point of view . 
  i 'd argue not . 
  the 50hz just makes it far too real for me to deal with right now . 
  to be fair , if you were prepared to nuke the entire middle-east you 'd probably have no qualms with murdering every muslim in your own country . 
  i enjoyed how those songs are both basically identical . 
  it 's far too catchy . 
  i genuinely feel a bit ill after that . 
  i swear the first bit i had in a midi once . 
  yup . 
  i agree , though it is comedy . 
  still hate him though . 
  enjoy plenty of left wing comedians ( well , that 's most of them , is n't it ) , but i really find this guy pretty dull . 
  everything he says is so laboured . 
  he 's very one-sided , but i guess that 's the point . 
  currently , most certainly !, 
  you 're welcome to prove yourselves if you want . 
  you already own 6 % of the world 's surface area , so another 20 % and you 'd be the champions . 
  considering we started with less than 0.2 % that 's not a bad head-start  . 
  i think i might put france ahead as i think our interests are more closely aligned . 
  obviously us is hugely important and portugal is also strategically important with a number of very useful islands . 
  only way we could really decide is if we had a small war with each other . 
  i 'm personally not keen . 
  to be fair he 's mentioned cornish pasties , so maybe he 's down this way . 
  cornwall actually has very good internet speeds . 
  i 've got fttp with 200mbit/s . 
  it 's not exactly cheap though . 
  i 'd say it was a b + fuckup . 
  you get to change your mind again in just four years , so it 's not like you had a referendum which will bind you to a course of action for all eternity ... 
  if we stay in the eea that could happen , but not under the present government . 
  ahh , i take it we 're still wanted ? 
  00:00 - 00:30 : [ british army advert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sohvjbwuix4#t=10s ), 
  what ? 
  i did n't vote for brexit . 
  plenty of legal migrants are pissed off at those who snuck across the border illegally when they had to jump through all the legal hoops . 
  but we were mostly with you then , so it was rather academic . 
  there 's nothing to say to you really , but i can promise you that i voted remain . 
  you should probably keep your imagination to yourself . 
  you really are a complete nationalistic fantasist . 
  like someone who wants an empire , rather than cooperation . 
  people like you have done a great job of turning people like me from cautious pro eu-federalism to thinking we might actually be better off away from the more poisonous elements of the eu . 
   who else has been threatening anyone about anything ever ? 
  these days it 's hollande .
