  this has been known by pretty much everyone except brexiters and the reality is unfolding to match that view . 
  and yet brexiters keep denying the reality . 
  at some point you 'll have to accept it . 
  we contribute a lot and yes , we get some benefits in return . 
  however , while i actually voted remain ( because i do n't think our current deal is exactly `` bad '' ) i think we pay a fairly high price for what we get , both financially and on other key issues such as migration . 
  `` reality '' as you put it has me becoming less and less sympathetic to the eu , and eu imperialists/nationalists , as time goes on . 
  i do n't think i 'd vote in another referendum . 
  we 'd be starting from a position of compatibility . 
  but thanks for showing how slowly the eu moves !, 
  i said that we 'll probably pay pensions because i regard it as some sort of moral duty . 
  i 'm just pointing out that their employment contracts may be with the eu and not the uk . 
  the eu really did a * terrible * job of planning for a state exiting the eu . 
  they believed it would never happen so no forward planning ever happened . 
  we do have a 24 month notice period btw , which we have activated . 
  we 're not leaving earlier than that , so there are no early termination fees !, 
  i said it 's reasonable for us to pay the pensions and we probably will . 
  but the employees contract is with the eu , not the uk . 
  when a company loses a big client it does n't then get to claim money from said client to cover staff pensions for those who are laid off . 
  nah , we just do n't expect to pay a ridiculous bill and we expect parallel negotiations . 
  hardly unreasonable demands . 
  canada has free trade without free movement . 
  sure , it 's less comprehensive , but that 's all we 're asking for . 
  they worked for the eu , not the uk . 
  that said , i think it 's reasonable to pay a share of pensions , but that 's a small part of the ` bill ' presented , most of which is a fantasy . 
  we apparently so though , to make forgeries harder, 
  it 's been a constant debate as to whether the old british ones are blue or black . 
  apparently they were a very dark blue that appeared almost black . 
  i missed a `` do n't '' . 
  fixed , thanks . 
  the uk only wants and needs a fta . 
  i appreciate that the eu is more than that , which is where our incompatibility comes from . 
  not for a while . 
  and by then the younger generation will be the stupid oldies harking back to a bygone age !, 
  perhaps when all was great in an inward looking eu . 
  by then the rest of the world will be a much bigger deal than it is even now . 
  what 's unreasonable about wanting to restrict migration somewhat ? 
  the eu * do n't * have free movement with every country it has a fta with . 
  it would require either the uk to accept change , or the eu to accept change . 
  so no , not happening . 
   for some of us it does , though . 
  i thought it was an ok deal . 
  i voted for the status quo , not out of great love for the eu , but because i did n't feel the benefits of brexit would be worth the headache and uncertainty however overstated they were . 
  however , the status quo is now to be leaving and i 'm happy to let it happen . 
   in a more and more globalized and interconnected world i believe we can only become better together ( heard this before ? ) . 
  in my opinion indyref1 was stupid idea for the same reasons , but now since they are dragged out of a bigger union against their will , i can fully understand why they are asking for a re-run . 
  i broadly agree . 
  i think that europe as a whole is better united , but i do n't like how the eu has done it , where the `` four pillars '' seem biased against the uk ( or at least the uk electorate ) , where there is still not a true single market for services but single movement is seen as sacrosanct . 
  however , i think it is completely reasonable to require scotland to wait until brexit has been finalised and our * long term * future trading relationship with the eu is agreed upon and has been experienced by all parties . 
  this is fair on the uk , europe and scotland . 
   i really think this is the best solution for both of us . 
  i do n't want the eu to punish the uk . 
  but i want , i expect the eu to protect its own interests first . 
  only after that i am ok with giving out farewell gifts . 
  for me it is eu first , uk second . 
  i would like to think that this was the case , but the language in brussels and madrid suggests otherwise . 
  i used to think of the eu as a fairly neutral force , generally for good . 
  now i see it as jealous and imperial . 
  i do n't want to be part of that . 
  they 're the colour we used to have before the eu ( not sure which year they actually changed ) . 
  though most of us on reddit are too young to remember them . 
  i do n't really give a shit , but i guess it will be a nice change . 
  maybe we can change the colour every decade ... 
   what is the eu doing with gibraltar ? 
  letting spain have a voice ? 
  you obviously do n't like transparency , but do you hate democracy , too ? 
  a solution for gibraltar is entirely up to spain and the uk . 
  the eu will back everything spain decides . 
  so cherry picking what the uk has to offer . 
  you get the full package or nothing . 
   the eu is the sugardaddy , mate . 
  then why is it costing # 10bn a year in net payments ? 
  the eu does have some benefits , granted , but it also comes with that large bill and free movement . 
  it does n't seem * that * great a deal . 
   and that 's what you will get . 
  it 's also the eus interest to trade with the uk . 
  but that does n't mean at all cost . 
  the cherry picking is over . 
  we will have a free trade deal without freedom of movement . 
  some may call that cherry picking . 
  kinda crazy to complain about cherry picking when the eu is attempting to do that with gibraltar . 
  any deal should be for the uk and gibraltar , just as the deal should be with the whole of the eu . 
   that would be germany . 
  by far . 
  about twice than the uks contribution . 
  the uk is 4th behind france and italy . 
  hardly a sugardaddy . 
  but that 's probably the same mindeset that brought you into this situations . 
  i did n't say we 're the only one . 
  the eu is not a girl who 's satisfied with just * one * sugardaddy . 
  third place actually . 
  our net contributions are only just behind france who 's second and we 're often ahead of them ( it fluctuates year by year ) . 
   snp thinks otherwise the snp say a lot of things . 
  they 're like ukip . 
   are you asking for hand-outs ? 
  you asked for a divorce , and now you are complaining that you will get one ? 
  you are sure some weird bunch . 
  we expect a mutually beneficial free trade deal . 
  we 've been supplying handouts to the eu for decades , so maybe see it as your sugar daddy no longer being happy with the arrangement , rather than a divorce . 
   says the country that does n't allow another scottish independence referendum , despite using eu membership as one of the key arguments to make scotland stay in the previous one . 
  key argument ?
