  i hope your state goes independent . 
  at least it 's actually something . 
  land 's end is awful and it 's just an arbitrary point on a map . 
  you get a free pass if you 're older and it 's a stag party though . 
  providing you did n't plan it . 
  approx 50 % are going to vote no still ... 
  you should see some of the spanish islands we 've practically taken over . 
  british themed pubs everywhere . 
  union flags all over the place . 
  i expect germany would , but i 've not been . 
  i feel very comfortable in spain - it 's so chilled out , so i ca n't say it 's like home ( uk ) , but i certainly do feel ` at home ' ( as in relaxed ) while in spain . 
  do n't get the same feeling with france somehow , though i also like it . 
  also , we flirted with being a republic before . 
  it was a bit shit . 
  that 's amazing . 
  ok , if i 'm going to be * completely * honest , i actually was n't on my phone . 
  i saw the flag . 
  however - and this should probably be a capital offence - i saw it as italian . 
  ^ ( i was trying to avoid saying that , but i 'm just going to dig deeper and deeper otherwise ... ), 
  thank you - very interesting - i 'm reading command and control at the moment which i 'm finding fascinating . 
  does the us have anything in the megaton + range still ? 
  i would have imagined that trident launched from near the uk would have the option of following a depressed trajectory , which might make it harder to hit for the russians ? 
  but i admit , not at all stealthy . 
  interesting . 
  we did have the vulcan bomber as our airborne deterrent , but i guess that folded before the french 's system . 
  how many us ssbns are on patrol at any one time ? 
  i know they have the more powerful w88 warhead , but i believe fewer are fitted to each missile , so does that mean that one vanguard is equivalent to one ohio as far as destructive capability goes ? 
  our subs sit out in the atlantic and crash into french subs ... seems like we chose the same places to patrol . 
  i was lead to believe that the reason for lack of nukes on land is because we 're a small country . 
  very easy to nuke every military base in parallel if anyone wanted to . 
  is n't the us deterrent almost all ssbn based these days ? 
  bombers are easy to shoot down and you no longer have those big titan ii silos ... 
  we do pay for it , but we do n't get a huge amount for our money . 
  the number of warheads is repeatedly reduced and are about enough to destroy one large city - that 's it . 
  i do n't think those ships are * that * little . 
  probably similar size to our old aircraft carriers . 
  i 'm so sorry :(, 
  but it 's like ... 50/50 . 
  perhaps you 'd like to berate the italians next , unless the romans get a free pass !, 
  our london government , if you must . 
  but again , before i was born . 
  i see that now - was on my phone at the time . 
  i suppose it 's appropriate in a way . 
  power to change things ? 
  how often to parts of the uk get the choice of leaving ? 
  i 'm in the south west . 
  we vote lib dem or tory , but often get stuck with labour . 
  the scottish have far * far * more power than most of england , but as just 8 % of the electorate , they feel they should dictate the direction of the entire country . 
  also maggie was fine . 
  it does n't concern you . 
  well , 50 % of people in scotland want to separate , but far fewer in the uk as a whole . 
  these are probably the newspapers sold in `` ruk '' . 
  there are generally separate ` scottish edition ' papers by the same name , but sold in scotland . 
  tres bon !, 
  ^ ( what even is an accent mark ? 
  not when i was part of the electorate . 
  except every scot has as much of a vote as i do . 
  and actually get listened to more and get a better deal . 
  ^ ( and they 're still not happy . ), 
  actually a majority do . 
  at least when i last checked . 
  it does feel weird when outsiders are joining in , shouting for my country to be split in two . 
  not sure i like it . 
  any chance of a transcript ? 
   decennia i 've never read that word before . 
  is it * exactly * equivalent to decade ? 
  we could make unreasonable demands too !, 
  that 's exactly what 's happened . 
  i know some snp people have said if they ca n't have the pound , they wo n't take their share of the debt ... yeah right , i do n't think either of these points are going to be negotiable . 
  ( though they may kick trident out ... hope you do n't mind having it at one of your bases for a bit ? ), 
  but salmond says we 're bluffing and we 'll totally share it !, 
  i know we have nato now , and we did n't then , but the us did take its sweet time before getting involved in wwii . 
  and the us seems to think we should hand the falkland islands over to the argentinians and did n't exactly help much when they were invaded . 
  makes me worried that the us would probably do nothing if the mainland was invaded . 
   france is very comfortable in its role as the local nuclear power with second-strike capabilities uk/france arsenals ca n't really compete with russia . 
  i think , partly because we 're an island , we are a bit different . 
  the eu is a bumbling bureaucracy which so many hate - but it has worse press than it deserves . 
  i 'll be voting to stay . 
  jesus christ are those the good guys ? 
  they do n't * look * like the good guys ... 
   ... ridiculous that a little island like this is split in two ... that might also happen over here . 
  which again seems totally pointless . 
  i do n't think those initiatives are common - probably cardiff or somewhere . 
  interesting that it gets such international attention - even embarrassing . 
  that said , we simply * ca n't * be the only country that likes to drink as much as physically possible in one sitting ... 
  it also makes us look like awful lightweights . 
  i 'd go for durham partly because of its age . 
  perhaps the pub was too studenty . 
  a proper `` old man 's '' pub would serve you a pint of bitter . 
  it 's something to look at from a distance ... 
  and you 're still selling them planes ffs !, 
  it also has a [ musical ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v80isj9jk1s ) . 
  in london it 's much quicker than a bus and only a little slower than a taxi . 
  it looks it , though the repainted trains look slightly better . 
  also it 's never too busy so as an experience it is n't to bad . 
  certainly best way to get to the airport . 
  well you seem pretty good with it - and made me laugh - so i guess it balances out . 
  partly because a load that were bought for london decided to catch fire !, 
  now i feel bad for all the times i said horrible things about my school-bus . 
  it 's actually even cuter with the errors .
