  was n't my choice of destination . 
  what have i just let myself in for ? 
  submit a british map , with roi noted as `` ours '' . 
  i 'm genuinely not sure if this is satire or not . 
  most do . 
  maybe not enough to place them , but they 're common knowledge , even if just to do with tax avoidance !, 
  i honestly would n't complain about this . 
  also be happy being dropped into the med if there were n't any refugee boats . 
  some people in those places want to break away , but not a majority in scotland . 
  catalonia is pretty close too . 
  believes in 2016 referendum . 
  ignores 2014 referendum . 
  ordinary people have been saying that for going on two years . 
  haha , the first one with the ** massive ** union flag and miniature stars amused me . 
  wonder if a brit submitted that ( says he was from auckland , but does n't say nationality ) . 
  source ? 
  snap elections have been called by both left and right wing parties and in this case our left-wing party has approved it . 
  it 's not unusual . 
  they are n't particularly different . 
  scotland used to be a tory stronghold . 
  english and scottish mps decide a budget , and such a budget where scotland gets a tidy bonus !, 
  devolution should never have happened . 
  evel is merely an english veto . 
  unfortunately it means that the snp can block laws that do n't affect them , for example : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-35756258, 
  it certainly feels like it . 
  the route cause is tony blair 's worst legacy imo : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question, 
  it was n't actually the snp who caused this situation . 
  though i do still hate them and think they should give english students the same rights as reu students . 
  while there are split loyalties i 'm sure , military men are known for generally being anti-independence . 
  everything 's pretty fine to be honest . 
  i mean , we used to ( and our family had milk delivered in the late 90s ) , but i honestly do n't know anyone who has it delivered anymore . 
  maybe in certain areas ? 
  when you finally do , we 'll move the goalposts again . 
  because of a few internet comments ? 
  seems kinda stupid . 
  bit if a vicious circle really . 
  many on this sub of all non-uk flares gleefully talk of impending breakup of the uk . 
  the ball is entirely in the eu 's court on this one . 
  you can not blame the uk for simply opting for independence . 
  true , but i do n't think / u/new-atlantis really gets satire, 
  must of us want to stay friends . 
  but on this sub it seems we 're not allowed to be friends without full integration and submission to napoleonic law . 
  in one scenario . 
  it 's also up to the courts for another . 
  the uk and the roi are very keen to have an open border . 
  if the eu blocks it , it will be the eu 's fault . 
  we were hit particularly hard during the financial crisis . 
  at least we did n't need bailing out like ireland and greece !, 
  might be lost in translation too . 
  we 're pretty much neck and neckneck . 
  sometimes we 're ahead ( such as right now ) but just as often they 're ahead of us . 
  still # 10bn a year that could potentially be unlocked . 
  when it would cost just # 3 to vote for agent corbyn it was too good a chance to miss !, 
  ( as a centrist i voted for liz first and jeremy second as a nuclear `` reset '' option ... ), 
   the tough position of the commission - involved eu civil servants are calling it the ` maximum stakes ' - becomes clear in an confidential document of 8 pages which were send to all ( except the uk ) member nations . 
  anyone feel like using some poker analogies ? 
  we were told on here that it was pointless the eu trying to be secretive , and how open the eu would be !, 
  block the land border for commuting and i expect many would choose to stay in france . 
  the us is much much larger than the uk . 
  you obviously feel that learning a new language is easy and it may be for you , but i consider it an almost insurmountable barrier for myself that would override any disadvantage that comes with greater distance . 
  fair enough . 
  just that a lot of people talk about losing fom as being awful for them even when they do n't want it . 
  personally i 'd rather we made movement between canzuk easier than with the continent . 
  latest figures i could find said there were more in the uk . 
  around 140k in the uk and 110k in switzerland . 
  actually having a land border helps , as does speaking the same language in much of switzerland . 
  when were you planning to use it ? 
  why are there so many french here then !, 
  disappointed that the baltics did n't * quite * manage to make lithuania 's flag . 
  possibly , but hopefully not . 
  in the post-brexit landscape some parties are going to make pledges along these lines . 
  now whether they keep them is another matter . 
  i can see it being restricted to jobs with pay above the national average . 
  i think it was supposed to be a piigs joke . 
  true , in that anyone with chronic fatigue would obviously vote labour ... 
  i 'd say that 's wrapped up in the same concept really . 
  i know a number of senior people at work who are expats who have been sent from the uk to other countries ( generally developing countries ) to develop the business there . 
  they get paid uk rates plus relocation allowances , so i assume they live like kings ... 
  perhaps . 
  i see there being a subtle difference . 
  if someone got * sent * abroad by their company , i would consider them an expat . 
  if someone decided to move abroad on their own initiative i would consider them an emigrant . 
  it pretty much always used to be that way , though recently it was made law that two thirds of parliament would have to support the new election . 
  lol, 
  i feel that brexit voters care more about making brexit happen than remain voters care about stopping it . 
  many of us will just go with the flow . 
  he 's a thick , stubborn idiot . 
  he needs to go . 
  i really hope we get a definitive answer on this sooner rather than later . 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  does n't make it wrong either . 
  germany has a much larger economy and population . 
  for the record i do think the netherlands has a poor deal compared to the uk and france , but my goal was merely to show that our situation is pretty normal in the eu . 
  it takes # 10bn ( net ) each year and spends it in other countries . 
  france and the uk are pretty much neck and neck on both counts . 
  i choose france because we 're so similar . 
  we get a discount , but that discount does n't appear to be unfair when you compare the uk to france . 
  if we have a `` discount '' then france has a `` bonus '' . 
  this cap bonus is n't any less real than the rebate . 
  it is nothing to do with internal french deals between industries but everything to do with the cap which is defined at the eu level .
