  in order to be harmonized there will be a need for transfers as the poorer parts simply can not pay what the rich parts have committed already . 
  you want the same benefits across europe ? 
  i mean , that 'll be great for poor countries but that 's not going to be workable in rich countries ... 
  though on the other hand it would persuade unemployed people to go to eastern europe . 
  ** uk approves **, 
  i hope australia wins . 
  if that 's the case then every country is singapore !, 
  verses the eu not being able to do so it absolutely is . 
  where do you get that idea ? 
  we 'd be lowering barriers in return for them lowering barriers . 
  barriers which may be currently quite high due to the eu . 
  offering low/zero tariffs on one industry is most definitely a concession - actually a pretty significant one , where we 'd be a very attractive market for businesses abroad if there 's little native competition . 
  we 'll see , but i doubt that . 
  we 're still a sizeable economy that is more specialised than the eu in general . 
  we will be able to offer concessions on industries we do n't have ( but the eu does ) which will allow us to extract better terms from our trading partners . 
  just like the uk 's trade deals will be easier without the various and numerous lobbies from the 27 other member states . 
  it would n't surprise me if we ( the uk ) are only hitting the * safer * targets and letting the us ( for the most part ) take the risky shots . 
  obviously that is n't always the case as this article shows . 
  ahh , lazy stereotype time it is then !, 
  poland contributes an awfully large number of dirty criminals !, 
  seriously , if poland did n't get paid to be in the eu it would never have joined . 
  every county is in it for themselves , not some greater good . 
  \\  implying that poland actually does anything for the eu and does n't just suckle from its teat . 
  the most broken bit is that when labour increased fees to # 3000 in the mid 2000s this was right after their election manifesto that said they would * not * increase fees . 
  it gets better : they used their mps in scotland to support the motion that meant students in * england * would have increased fees , while students from their constituencies would continue to have their education for free . 
  we 've learned what we already suspected - we 're just wanted as a cash cow and that 's it . 
  i was n't a brexiteer until the eu started making all these insane demands . 
  they will be , plus eu law . 
  it 's very simple . 
  we intend to allow eu citizens to stay here , but they will be subject to uk law rather than eu law . 
  just as we expect uk citizens in the eu who are allowed to stay to be governed by eu law rather than uk law . 
  edit : also sounds like you 're `` bitching and moaning '' quite a lot . 
  free movement with india ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  sounds pretty speedy . 
  in the uk letters are sent from region to region directly but i do n't know that it 's any quicker . 
  knowing how this shit goes , they 'll be the 1 % who were n't lying ... 
  i think it 's more the warning time that matters . 
  i guess you might get 30 minutes warning from across the globe , but if they just get lobbed across the border you do n't have much time to react . 
  i see you 've never heard of joking . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that you 're irish at all . 
  you do tend to tag team , though your writing style is different . 
  i do n't think you 're * actually * an alt for him . 
  your account only exists to shit on the uk . 
  probably an alternate for / u/collectiveindividual . 
  they colonized with us tbf . 
  i do n't see why i should n't draw whatever the hell i want to in public . 
  however , i would never specifically go and show any muslim colleagues of mine , or staple it to a mosque , but . 
  the eu has conflated being in favour of the eu and * being european * . 
  and have to fund ee ... 
  fair enough . 
  but we * give * every year . 
  the uk population simply decided that this subscription was n't value for money . 
  maybe we did get value for money , but we wo n't know for sure for decades . 
  ahh yes , the famous terrorism-free usa . 
  we 'd be happy to lose the rebate if the cap was reformed . 
  it 's ridiculous that almost 40 % of the eu budget goes on farming subsidies that disproportionately benefit countries with a lot of farmland . 
  simply by leveling tariffs at extra-eu produce we 're doing these countries a favour , but then on top of that we throw money at them ? 
  how ? 
  we had a rebate that merely put us on a level playing field with france . 
  we had some exemptions that most people on here regard as a * disadvantage * . 
  the eu had an opportunity to make a better offer . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  i do think things will improve once we 've actually left , back to the [ 2015 level ] ( http://i.imgur.com/alxth1r.png ) maybe ? 
  not actually * that * much better , but we are above the median there . 
  i 'm sure we used to be higher . 
  quite possibly a brexit effect - why defend those who want to extract their pound of flesh ? 
  conveniently does n't have a screenshot of the isis claim . 
  so basically journalism has been deskilled and experience does n't matter anymore . 
  the point is simple , you may as well bin this whole sub if people ca n't assert/predict what their countries will do . 
  it is not whataboutery to point out that everyone else is playing tennis when someone has just accused you of playing tennis when you 're happy to continue playing . 
  this sub is full of people attempting to speak on behalf of the eu . 
  if it makes you happier , the following is also fine :  the uk will do what is legally required . 
  anything else is subject to negotiation . 
  nobody 's asking you either . 
   divided as the uk is , it will at least honour it 's obligations . 
  vs  we will do what is legally required . 
  both are true actually , it 's just that we 're not obligated to do anything . 
  we will do what is legally required . 
  anything else is subject to negotiation . 
  since there is no legal basis for paying this sum , the uk should rightly just refuse to pay . 
  we are * not * untrustworthy , but we do n't give free money away . 
  the only way the eu will get * any * money out of us is by * negotiation * . 
  some # 100bn payment and a trade deal have * nothing * to do with each other either . 
  except they do . 
  everything is connected . 
  but each facet of the negotiation affects the others . 
  it is stupid to try to treat each area as if it exists in a vacuum . 
  you think the eu order is the `` proper order '' rather than the order that the eu thinks is most beneficial to itself as an organisation ? 
  that seems very naive . 
  i think it might be accurate . 
  i know people in labour who are fairly left pro-trade union and anti-blair who consider corbyn to be an ultra left imbecile . 
  they all tell me though that the image of the corbyn supporter is wrong . 
  it 's actually mostly older people in the party who 've recently signed up . 
  no , the eu focuses on it because that 's how it thinks it can best extract its pound of flesh and kick the deficit problem into the long grass . 
  personally i feel that the eu is being too hardball with this insistence on forcing us to pay a bill first . 
  it would be * impossible * for our government to agree to pay * anything * unless we got something out of it . 
  hopefully the eu will come to understand that . 
  we 're taking the marriage/divorce analogy too far tbh . 
  for a start it involves 28 members , so that 's definitely not a conventional marriage ...
