  * we * are n't starting a trade war . 
  but we 'll end up with one if that 's the direction the eu moves in ( it wo n't ) . 
  so how is that totally not a problem , but the uk 's renegotiation basically apocalyptic ? 
  we had an ok deal . 
  one that i was willing to accept . 
  would n't call it the best deal though - countries with a lot of agriculture get much better deals tbh . 
  actually we 're asking for something between what we currently get and what canada get now . 
  agreed , but raising those barriers could be * very * damaging to the eu as has been discussed in recent threads . 
  sure , you can do it , but it is * very far from cost free * . 
  is it worth cutting your arm off in return for the uk losing a leg ? 
  if you carefully read this comment chain , / u/h0agh was specifically talking about tariffs . 
  we 're discussing punitive tariffs that apply * only * to the uk . 
  this would not be allowed under wto . 
  do n't forget that the eu will be losing 15-20 % of its economy in brexit . 
  the eu 's wto agreement will need altering too . 
  the head of the wto does not anticipate any issues . 
  now i admit that i do n't know the ins and outs of the membership accession , but i do know that china did n't stop taiwan joining and practically every country on the planet is a member . 
  this is why i 'm not worried about wto membership in the slightest . 
   i 'd say let them try , and reciprocate with tarrifs on companies that are unfairly taxed below the eu norm in the uk . 
  are you suggesting eu member states would ignore wto ? 
  that sounds rather a dangerous thing to do !, 
  the problem is that the eu was designed to suit france and germany and has never really catered for the uk 's needs . 
  does norway not have to accept certain eu laws on internal/domestic issues ? 
  i do n't think eu membership was really that key in the independence referendum - just one issue amongst others . 
  sure , it was mentioned , but the polls did n't shift after the brexit vote which leads me to believe that brexit is not a deal breaker . 
  i also think a hard brexit makes scexit less likely as trade barriers between scotland and uk would be more damaging for scotland than trade barriers between the eu and uk would be for the uk . 
  because it could be good for both the eu and the uk ? 
  i 'd rather leave than just remain in the single market where we ca n't influence the rules . 
  wait , is this an irishman arguing against neutrality ? 
  the guardian is probably one of the more trustworthy papers in the whole of europe tbh . 
  that 's a lot of hyperbole . 
  the rest of the uk is still successful enough that plenty of eastern europeans flock here . 
  we would n't and the eu would n't . 
  does n't sound great for the eu , especially as the initial instability risk is apparently higher on the continent . 
  what if we pushed for long-term deal with painful break-clause , vs no deal ? 
  wishful thinking . 
  reading too much between the lines . 
  taking one person 's statement to be the wider policy of either the eu or uk . 
  especially with spoken statements where errors are common . 
  that said , what carney said does lend some weight to this . 
  this does rather go both ways . 
  or just downvoted . 
  oh well , let 's see what happens !, 
  well , to be fair this is how it looks under the eu . 
  that 's the latter : https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/ if you divide by 52 you get ~ # 160m/week as opposed to the # 350m/week used by l\u0336e\u0336a\u0336v\u0336e\u0336.\u0336e\u0336u\u0336 vote leave . 
  also amusingly imperialistic for an irish republican . 
  forgiveable when our central bank is still somehow the bank of england . 
  even then it 's only going to be absolute tinpot crap companies who baulk at paying a grand up front . 
  many already happily pay multiples to recruitment companies . 
  ( 1-3 months salary ) . 
  heating a skyscraper should be cheaper than heating a thousand homes with its low surface area . 
  it looks closer than it is . 
  source : went for a `` short walk '' to la defense from the arc du triomphe . 
  london has that problem too . 
  we manage , but it 's harder and more expensive than most places . 
  without the rebate to counteract the cap i 'd say there 's close to zero chance of that . 
  i think it 's more of a chode . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/politics/irish-military-exports-worth-107bn-168361.html the weapons quite possibly contain irish components :3 . 
  i voted remain you fucking imbecile . 
  opposing the eu is to be a bitch now , is it ? 
  again , this is the kind of language that riles up people who are undecided . 
  and not in a good way . 
  yeah , the netherlands are a big contributor per capita . 
  also somewhat eurosceptic . 
  it 's amusing because he has an iom flair , which is not part of the eu anyway . 
  if by shitty member you mean significant contributor , yeah . 
  occupies in the same way that the usa is occupied by europeans . 
  some bad shit happened , but it does n't negate the rights of the people who live there . 
  we 've all been playing a massive game of musical chairs throughout history and the music has now stopped . 
  we now deal with populations where they live and no further colonisation is happening , at least not at a nation-state level . 
  except israel but let 's just bury that under the carpet . 
  we have n't backstabbed anyone . 
  we just decided that being a member of the eu was not a net benefit to our country . 
  ( personally i voted to remain , but i am talking of our collective decision ) . 
  what are you . 
  some sort of imperialist ? 
  feel free to do a personal boycott though . 
  safe in the knowledge that you 'll make absolutely no difference . 
  if the uk were seceding from a country which had previously granted citizenship , then of course what you say would make sense . 
  however british citizens abroad * do not have * eu citizenship in its own right . 
  because we 're leaving the eu which means that british citizens won '' t be eu citizens . 
  keep up . 
  it 's an offer . 
  all the eu has to do is accept !, 
  why the fuck would we guarantee rights for eu citizens to stay if eu countries could just kick out the uk citizens ? 
  you 'd be mental to agree to a one-sided deal like that . 
  you 're about the most pessimistic person i 've seen on this site , yet simultaneously believe the eu will be benevolent . 
  tbh getting the pensioners back is a good thing . 
  their pensions are spent abroad when they could be spent here instead . 
  you 're welcome to place a bet : https://www.betfair.com/exchange/plus/#/politics/market/1.125398889 though unfortunately this is for between jan-june . 
  this was constantly talked about during the referendum campaigns , from daniel hannan saying we could stay in , to david cameron and george osborne saying that leaving the eu would mean leaving the single market . 
  i thought this sort of tactic was working very well for ireland and the netherlands ? 
  ireland is * irrelevant * when it comes to eu immigration to the uk . 
  anyone who wanted to come to the uk who is able to go via ireland can just fly here directly . 
  we were * never , ever * planning to stop eu migrants visiting the uk . 
  we will simply not be allowing anyone to live and work here unless we grant them the appropriate visa . 
  sure , some people will decide to do things illegally and they 'll run the risk of being deported . 
  ireland has no effect on this . 
  my point about the ireland having complete free reign over its immigration policy ( aside from its obligations to the eu ) is that it can allow freedom of movement with the uk . 
   [ ireland and the united kingdom choose , on a case-by-case basis , whether or not to adopt eu rules on immigration , visa and asylum policies .
