  at present this inflexibility by * either * party means we 're on our way out . 
  i think i 've just completed my journey through the k\u00fcbler-ross model . 
  the uncertainty caused by a neverendum would be worse than brexit . 
  actually the uk was very quiet on whether it would stay in the single market - hence all the questioning going on in this subreddit . 
  it sounds rather like , as brexiters are often accused , that you want to have your cake and eat it . 
  it wo n't be that simple for either side . 
  concessions will have to be made on * both * sides , or there will be no deal and * both sides * will be worse off . 
  so then your federalisation will need to be complete and you need to * persuade * the more reluctant countries to take part . 
  that wo n't be any easier than persuading the uk . 
  the eu has not yielded any ground and neither has the uk . 
  let 's see how this plays out . 
  i think that in 2019 initially we 'll both be enjoying a rather suboptimal relationship , but hopefully over time things will improve . 
  the best for itself is obviously a one-sided trade deal . 
  the best for itself * that is actually achievable * will be a balanced trade deal . 
  if they wo n't be forced , then they * will * be roadblocks , surely ? 
  i 'd be happy if you could explain how there might be another way . 
  as far as i remember , the uk was quite happy with a two-speed europe . 
  do you think these more sceptic countries will take federalisation without a fight ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it can work eventually , but we 're talking decades and decades . 
   opt-outs for the euro but everyone tells me that the euro is optional !, 
  all you have to do is push it into the long grass . 
  there 's no big benefit to schengen for us . 
   justice and home affairs how has this negatively affected anyone else ? 
   rebate which merely corrects the imbalance caused by the cap . 
  we pay in around twice what we get back ( if you consider the rebate a payment a benefit ) or thrice ( if you consider the rebate to be fair ) . 
  our net contributions are comparable to france ( a very similar country in terms of wealth and size ) but nobody accuses them of not paying enough !, 
  the point being that the ball is in the eu 's court . 
  the eu gets to decide whether this ends amicably or not . 
  because london . 
  going on / r/europe in the first place triggers me . 
  it 's not just us : https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/eb81-federalism.png sometimes other countries have just sat back to let us be the `` bad guy '' in your eyes . 
  it will be interesting to see what happens next ,, 
  we would possibly be * the most attractive * tax haven , with london at our heart with all the financial and legal expertise that goes along with that . 
  not saying it 's easy , but it may be our best option if we 're going for the cliff edge . 
  the eu only lets in countries that are at least sort of ok . 
  i think / r/unitedkingdom is slowly turning me into a brexiter . 
  it 's less of a big deal now . 
  obviously we discuss it a lot online , but most people are getting along with their daily lives . 
  personally i voted remain , but i accept that right now we can not be part of the eu . 
  perhaps in the future . 
  perhaps if we both solve some of the problems we face . 
  perhaps when the eu shows flexibility , or perhaps when the uk feels more comfortable with a more federal settlement . 
  pretty sure you 'll still be able to visit , 
  it is . 
  not that germany can really hold itself up as an example at this point . 
  spending money ( boosting jobs ) but not actually working ( so they create jobs for the spanish , but do n't compete for those jobs ) . 
  our pensioners are basically money fountains that take money from the uk and spray it all over coastal resorts in spain . 
  main issue i could see is making house prices rise in areas that they buy , but other than that they 're a good thing for your country . 
  corporation tax is a very small part of our tax take . 
  that will only happen if a deal is n't reached . 
  or any other region , sure . 
  but the polls really have n't moved . 
  if you were really certain and believed there would be a difference over a short period , you could enter the risky world of high-leveraged spread betting !, 
  ( but you can potentially lose more than your initial deposit ) . 
  as for just moving money around just as-is , my first thought would be a revolut card ( literally no fees at all ) - not sure if you can use it for this purpose or for large amounts though . 
  he 's independent from the government . 
  certainly no more a vested interest than almost anyone else who 's views are accepted as gospel here . 
  if you 're certain , i suggest you buy dollars . 
  of course you are n't * that * certain . 
  not according to the governor of the bank of england , 
  businesses will get finance from the city due to its value and specialised services that you ca n't get elsewhere . 
  this is a huge part of * why * there will be a deal which includes finance because * not * having good access is not an option !, 
  no , if there 's a problem with finance it will be in the eu . 
  you do n't * pay for us * , as evidenced by the recent drive to collect more funds in the eu member states to fill the gap post-brexit - we 're actually a pretty significant contributor . 
  it 's hardly unfairly cheap when we basically pay the same as france , unless you want to charge them more too ? 
  that would surely go down well . 
  he 's not getting control . 
  it tends to fluctuate - you should see that about half the time we pay more than france . 
  i retract my last statement - as the rebate appears to put us on level pegging . 
  however , without it eu membership would be unfairly expensive for the uk . 
  who would n't ? 
  he wants eu to have access to london banks because it 's necessary for the stability and prosperity of the eu . 
  true - but the reason i mentioned the eu getting smaller is that its wto status will be changing with that decrease . 
  in the longer term maybe - though i suspect that the uk 's economy is larger than all accession candidates combined . 
  what i mean is that during brexit the eu does get smaller , but the uk does not . 
  i expect that to continue tbh . 
  as is very clear , the eu needs access to london 's banks and it will be on london 's terms . 
  thanks to the cap . 
  our rebate goes some way to rebalance things for the uk , but countries like france still do much better out of eu membership . 
  the eu is shrinking , the uk is not . 
  banking which the eu * needs * access to . 
  which will be fine as long as other services are also included , 
   you wo n't be able to operate in europe on the basis of uk law . 
  obviously . 
  that 's what happens when you operate in other countries . 
   if you can offer financial services across the eu , that is only because you are eu member . 
  you do n't , for example have such an access in japan . 
  london is a financial centre for half the globe as we should all know by now . 
   even if we open our service sector to non-eu parties , that would be highly regulated and requiring you to accept all the eu laws and regulations you manifestly do n't want to accept . 
  i work for a consultancy where we offer services to countries across the entire globe ( actually very little to the eu ) . 
  we already agree to abiding by the law of the host country , or sometimes a neutral third-party country . 
  the bottom line is that the uk has made the choice not to be part of the single market pretty much . 
  we will leave the single market and go for a free trade deal that involves services . 
  if we do n't get that , then it 's going to be very damaging for both the uk and eu - which is why you will offer a reasonable , sensible deal . 
  not exactly . 
  the point is that the eu will be continuing as an entity that negotiates as a bloc . 
  this entity will be significantly smaller . 
  obviously the uk will be trading independently again , but it 's not as if the uk is losing a big chunk of its economy . 
  i voted remain and i think we 'll possibly be slightly worse off . 
  but i do n't think it will be * too bad * because most damage will be reciprocated and we 'll work to minimize it .
