  i guess we do n't need to pay membership fees then !, 
  the uk and roi are not in schengen . 
  the only need for border checks is for * customs * as far as i can tell . 
  i 'm not aware of a stronger border being required for the single market on top of the customs union . 
  that latter poll was just a vote on their website iirc, 
  i 've always used republic of ireland which seems the most useful , correct and descriptive term . 
  but now i 've seen how riled irish nationalists get about southern ireland i think i 'll use it more often . 
  it 's in the eu 's hands now . 
  let 's see if it cares more about a political project or about people . 
  it 's going to be so fun when hardline remainers are complaining about not having their old burgundy passports and campaigning for a change if we rejoin the eu . 
  sweden is not in the customs union . 
  almost nobody here expects * membership * of the single market . 
  but we expect a reasonable free trade agreement . 
  lovely place . 
  if i get over my hangover i may go for a walk there . 
  per capita i do n't think we have it that bad . 
  we had our first proper attack in the uk for years recently , and we have almost thee times your population !, 
  i swear i saw it a lot more often than that . 
  we did n't own the whole thing . 
  the `` new territories '' were on a 99 year lease . 
  admittedly these areas are largely rural , but include the airport and resevoirs . 
  if it really wanted to , china , having assumed control of the new territories , could easily have starved hk proper into submission . 
  well good for them !, 
  just not my cup of tea . 
  yes , which is all we expect to get too . 
  we know that single market * membership * requires fom for some esoteric political reason . 
  however , normal free trade areas do not . 
   first of all , how can you have parallel negotiations when in relative terms we have nothing to offer the eu . 
  everything they can get from us they can get from somewhere else within the eu without the headache of having to deal with our politics , which are at the moment very toxic towards the eu . 
  if you disagree , name one thing that we have that they need but ca n't get anywhere else . 
  this literally applies to the eu as well , you realise . 
   maybe , if our government did n't have it 's head up it 's ass we could negotiate down a little more , but expecting to renege on paying your bill after already agreeing to pay is not something that should have ever been expected by a reasonable or responsible person . 
  the bill has to be paid , our representatives literally already signed the agreements saying as much , and i 'm all for negotiating it to as little as possible , but since the eu are looking out for their own it 's their job to get as much out of us as they realistically can for the benefit of the rest of the eu . 
  that 's how negotiation works . 
  they are n't here to do us any favours or give charity . 
  we agreed to pay our eu contributions while we are members . 
  that 's all we should do . 
  to do more would be to give the eu an undeserved present . 
  we will pay what we are obliged to pay legally ( this is * exactly * what we have `` promised '' to pay ) . 
  anything in addition will be a payment in return for something from the eu . 
   if we renege on our obligations now , why would they even want a deal with us after that when the expectation is that we will just renege on that deal too when it suits us . 
  we wo n't be . 
  we will pay what we owe , not what someone else * feels * we should give them . 
  the fact that it 's meaningless . 
  you say you 'd be happy to pay your own way , but really most of your citizens prefer the current parasitic relationship !, 
  what ? 
  it 's ludicrous to suggest that most of your follow countrymen would be happy quintupling their eu contributions . 
  excellent . 
  we 've solved the eu budget black hole !, 
  though i think romania would leave at that point . 
  it 's only in it for the money . 
  increase your contributions , do you realise by how much ? 
  you 're a net drain ffs . 
  to stop being a net drain you 'd need to quintuple your contributions . 
   uk approved the budget no matter if they leave or not . 
  where did we say that ? 
  does n't appear to be anything we signed to that effect . 
  we approved an * eu budget * . 
  we will not be part of the eu , so it will no longer be our budget . 
   not reducing immigration will be a tough electoral sell at this point and that 's half of the uks gdp growth . 
  agreed . 
  and i 'm irritated how absolute gdp is being seen as important , but gdp per capita is forgotten about . 
  a lack of a trade deal is a problem because of the structure of the eu ( looseish union with relatively small wealth transfers ) . 
  when i say self immolate i really mean from the political consequences of some countries being hit hard due to vetos by countries that are largely unaffected . 
  we 'll have as much immigration as we feel like , that 's the point . 
  regardless , i trust the eu to not self immolate over this !, 
  a mutually beneficial free trade deal is in everyone 's interest . 
  my views may not be entirely the same as my government 's  . 
  ( which definitely wants unanimity to neuter the eu ) . 
  but it really irks me that luxembourg and malta have ten times the meps than they should have relative to us . 
  refusing to negotiate is not an advantage . 
  they 'll just get less money and a worse trade deal . 
  there 's nothing to say other than that we * will * pay what we are legally obliged to pay . 
  however , this may not be compatible to what you * think * we owe , or what the eu * try * to squeeze out of us . 
   this way the uk can not bargain exit conditions ( like the bill and border issue ) against trade . 
  exactly , which is why we 'd pay the legally required * bare minimum * , because we 're not getting any extras for it . 
  because the eu wants a big pile of money . 
  the best way to maximise that is to actually offer something in return for it  . 
  in this case though we 're looking at which parts of free trade to keep , rather than which to start . 
  yes , laws that the eu could change . 
  i would be happy with a political union if we were equal . 
  but we 're not - small countries get a disproportionately large say in the eu . 
  there 's no reason why negotiations ca n't be parallel . 
  if they are n't then we 'll be paying * no more than we 're legally obliged to * , which is far less than that $ 65bn . 
  we wo n't pay anything that there is n't a solid legal basis for . 
  we approved a budget , but we never said `` we 'll pay into the budget even if we leave '' . 
  it 's perfectly normal for members of a club to approve long term financial plans , but this does n't put them on the hook for seven years . 
  because the eu was becoming too deep a political project . 
  if it could just be a sensible fta without deeper and deeper political integration then i expect we 'd be happy with no veto !, 
  i mean that * legally * there 's a huge grey area . 
  it should have been set out in agreed treaties what the financial obligations on leaving members is . 
   the issue is n't that simple . 
  if you think it is you 're going to be disappointed with the outcome . 
  oh i think it could take quite some time , so i wo n't be disappointed . 
   the uk is part of europe , like it or not , and therefore different from canada in that is enjoys all the geographical benefits of a stable europe ( which i know you will deny , but the eu is responsible for ) . 
  obviously . 
  which the uk contributes a great deal to . 
  canada benefits from the usa , but is n't expected to pay tribute . 
  i see no problem here . 
   wanting no part of contributing to that but to enjoy the benefits anyway just wo n't happen .
