   in 1676 , he took command of a combined dutch-spanish fleet to help the spanish suppress the messina revolt and fought a french fleet , under duquesne , at the battle of stromboli and the battle of augusta , where he was fatally wounded when a cannonball struck him in the right leg . 
  do you think the eu should entice scotland out of the eu and split the uk ? 
  it 's a pretty common view here and would be reminiscent of the division of ireland . 
  i do n't think it has . 
  i 'm talking about this subreddit . 
  there have been a lot of imperialist attitudes espoused on this sub which seem broadly supported . 
  we 've apparently been helping select targets tbf . 
  new !? 
  this goes way back mate : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-yamamah_arms_deal, 
  you need to view her like nigel farage . 
  her main aim is to fuck up anything the uk tries to do , much like nigel loves to fuck up anything the eu tries to do . 
  eu has no reason to let scotland have any opt-outs . 
  an independent scotland seems * very * keen to join , meaning you could get them to agree to almost anything you wanted  . 
  so you 're wanting eu \u00e0 la carte ? 
  how the hell is ireland a net drain on the eu ? 
  they have a terrific gdp per capita . 
  sounds like the system is broken . 
   and that 's the main difference : the 60bn include any `` planned '' project , even if it 's uncertain when and if it really would be started . 
  i ca n't see it being politically acceptable to pay for such projects after we 've left . 
  it would be like expecting a hypothetical independent scotland to pay for hs2 after independence . 
  take the money ... when we 've been a net contributor for every year of membership ? 
  what treaty are we going against ? 
  honestly cornwall is just like wales without big cities . 
  it 's no warning . 
  london is a fair bit bigger . 
  depends . 
  three offer roaming in a number of countries ( including the usa , australia , israel and hong kong ) . 
  i do n't see them keeping those and removing all the european countries . 
  you 'll struggle to get him to understand this basic concept . 
  we were able to work in each others countries before the eu and we 'll likely go back to that . 
  there 's little desire to stop free movement between the uk and roi . 
  but / r/europe said we were basically dead because of the drop in the value of the pound !, 
  the main difference is that ira terrorism is a lot more recent than bloody sunday . 
   the uk had already more opt-outs than any other country , if you needed even more i 'd say that simply you were not a good fit for the union . 
  so i think voting leave was in everyone 's best interest . 
  one of those being schengen , which as an island we have no interest or need in joining . 
  i 've also failed to see anyone on here presenting a coherent argument about why we should forgo the other opt-outs other than something along the lines of `` wah , it 's not fair '' . 
  the big one is of course the rebate , which merely puts us on a level pegging with france . 
  reform the cap and there 's no need for the rebate - it 's actually quite damning that the current situation with the cap has been allowed to continue for so long . 
  i completely agree with your final two paragraphs . 
  i actually voted remain , but i think it was foolish of the eu not to consider an eu-lite membership . 
   but it should be a no-brainer that once you leave the club and stop following the rules and paying the fees you are not entitled to any of the benefits either . 
  this is fine , though there 's plenty of talk on here about `` punishing '' us or certainly making sure any deal is less comprehensive than the one with canada . 
  personally i feel that my country has been pushed out of the eu , partly by our hysterical press and partly by the eu not responding to our needs as a country . 
   if being in the eu does not suit you , by all means just leave . 
  that 's what we 're doing , because it turns out that most people feel the upsides are outweighed by the downsides . 
  i simply pointed out that the eu * could * have tipped the balance ( perceived or otherwise ) back the other way . 
  it chose not to and so we chose to leave . 
  an exception in this case would likely have been a better outcome for both parties than what we 'll both get now . 
  nobody has made a joke in germany since about 1995 . 
   but the only good brexit will be one that is good for all parties to it and that includes us who want to remain in a strong and stable eu . 
  the uk should be looking for a way to make that happen , not sending us the wish list which they think they can get . 
  funnily enough there was an opportunity to have that before the vote . 
  restrictions on free movement ( which would also have applied to british people going to europe ) would have stopped brexit in its tracks . 
  he must be devastated . 
   are n't both sides malicious liars ? 
  yes . 
   so , special treatment . 
  got it . 
  and you think you 're somehow entitled to more , at the detriment of the eu . 
  how does one become so entitled ? 
  i would argue that you 're the entitled one , happy to take our money , less happy to listen to our needs . 
  if you read the thread , you 'll see that i 'm not a brexiteer , but a remainer who 's looking at brexit afresh and thinking that maybe it 's the right thing for us . 
  there are definitely benefits to being part of the eu , but there are also obligations . 
  i 'm not sure that the benefits outweigh the costs anymore . 
  i think it was a joke . 
  i generally feel that the uk and france can have a good dig at each other for a joke . 
  we 're pretty even when it comes to most things , so neither side is punching down . 
  the meme that we have extra special treatment is getting old . 
  our rebate merely helps balance out the cap , meaning we get a similar deal to france financially , though we still pump a huge amount of money into your country ( assuming you are romanian , as your post history suggests ) via the eu . 
  the opt-outs are there because we were there from ( almost ) the very beginning and we are one four countries ( around 22 % of the eu by population ) with an opt out . 
  understandable to a degree . 
  but i 'd say we probably care about france , if not the eu . 
  i actually felt pretty shocked and hurt when the result came in . 
  however , the inflexibility and stonewalling we 've had from the eu has really made me less emotionally attached to the eu to the extent that i 'm no longer sad to leave . 
  also on the plus side is that all the predictions of doom and gloom have been hugely overstated so far . 
  well you mostly go on about the potato famine , which was more like 170 years ago . 
  i like to keep tabs on potential terrorists . 
  this is untrue . 
  you keep on making this ridiculous argument without backing it up . 
  ahh , the man with the hundred-year-old-grudge . 
  you belong with all the idiot kippers who still hate germany for wwii . 
  it 's not silly for those affected . 
  maybe you do n't care about them ? 
  that has nothing to do with guaranteeing the rights of current residents . 
  we are willing to do a quick bilateral deal on that , why are n't you ? 
  it 's probably roughly the same as the iq of all meps , 
  what demands ? 
  we 're happy to have a quick agreement of `` current residents have a right to stay '' that 's not attached to anything else . 
  it 's the eu and other member states that stalled that . 
  yes , and i suspect it will continue . 
  the only potential issue will be customs checks at the border , but there will be free movement of * people * . 
   ca n't have eu border open to non eu countries you 're thinking of schengen . 
  they 're just not a big deal . 
  they 're literally the last things on anyone 's mind right now . 
  erasmus will probably continue anyway . 
  the uk largely wanted to reduce eu migration . 
  whatever the rights or wrongs of that . 
  freedom of movement with a country of 5 million is not as potentially problematic as freedom of movement with a union of 450 million . 
  allowing the former and discontinuing the latter is not inconsistent .
