  there will still be a significant voter base of people who do n't like them ( and they 'll * really hate them * ) . 
  plenty of people will probably be ok with euro/schengen , but they 'll certainly be less enthusiastic than those against . 
  maybe something like : 30 % strongly against 50 % not bothered 10 % moderately for 10 % strongly for, 
  but this comment chain is about our terrible evil opt-outs !, 
  new members are obliged to join schengen and obliged to join the euro . 
  i realise that it 's possible to kick the euro into the long grass , though i 'm not sure if that 's possible for schengen . 
  give it a few years . 
  the eu is a union of countries that once killed millions of each other 's citizens in armed conflict . 
  if they can get over that , they can get over a minor diplomatic squabble . 
  that said , the euro and schengen are probably perceived as the biggest downsides of the eu along with free movement . 
  i think it would be nigh impossible to get people to vote for that , even with some economic upsides . 
  it is n't , currently . 
  things can change though . 
  more united than the eu . 
  tastiest of the four to be fair . 
  it 's an option that makes nobody happy except the completely apathetic . 
  it would be worse than the status quo . 
  the `` compromises '' were designed to be impossible . 
  they did . 
  but / r/europe told me that does n't work because the cost of importing raw materials goes up !, 
  would have spent , where one main reason people voted to leave the eu was that very spending . 
  the bill is ridiculous and it has the potential to kill any government that agrees to paying it . 
  the eu gets certainty for its citizens . 
  no , we do n't . 
  our net payments are basically the same as france which is a very evenly matched country . 
  this article stated that it 's only one in three households who have a dishwasher in the uk : https://qz.com/29147/death-of-a-dishwasher-families-around-the-world-spurn-americas-favorite-appliance/ personally i like having one though . 
  small country . 
  economy is 5th largest of almost 200 countries . 
  we 're small but not that small . 
  we have a small say and we 're often outvoted or vetoed ( admittedly it 's hard to tell how much is just ukip being contrarian ) , so in that sense it 's already dictated to us . 
  we 'll gain not having to send # 9bn ( the cost of the 2012 london olympics ) every year to the eu . 
  we 'll gain more control over migration ( both the number and quality of migrants ) . 
  we 'll gain the ability to lower tariffs on goods from the rest of the world that are currently imported at greater expense from the reu . 
  i voted remain , but there are definitely benefits to leaving and the relationship between the uk and eu is definitely a trade off of sorts . 
  benefits and costs/responsibilities . 
  it 's a trade off . 
  to accept freedom of movement would be suicide . 
  it would just lead to ukip gaining more power and an inevitable referendum on leaving the single market which i think would probably win . 
  you seem like a really nice person . 
   it feels like it 's on the other side of the continent and people are surprised when many brits say they do n't feel european . 
  they also had the aussies turn up in a prison van . 
  it 's a joke ffs . 
   therefore the bill will be -- to use a rather vulgar term -- very salty . 
  it will be necessary for the british to respect commitments which they freely entered into . 
  the bill 's not the only salt in this story . 
  a difference in population density is not unusual : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:eu_nuts_2_population_density_2007.svg you 're about as densely populated as central france . 
   what does continental europe get from this or is it just not as bad as you make out ? 
  the benefits in continental europe are much greater , with a large number of people commuting short distances across borders . 
  the advantage in saving a few minutes on a short commute is a big deal ( where getting a commutable job across a border suddenly becomes a possibility ) compared to saving a few minutes on a journey of several hours where it would n't make a dent . 
   i meant that giving them asylum would n't be that consuming but that is another debate . 
  most of them do get caught in the first eu country that they arrive in and with any attempt like this people are always going to get through . 
  it 's a shame that france has such trouble catching them !, 
  ( yes , i realise the camp was eventually cleared , but seems to be on the up again )  they were planing on introducing identity cards like they have in many countries but that plan was scrapped . 
  there were objections mostly on cost , whether they would provide any actual benefit , and whether they were too big brotherish . 
   your main objection to the euro seems to be because it is a bit foreign so if the uk was to adopted it that would no longer be the case just like how it is for people in the ez . 
  my main objection is that the pound works fine and that nowadays exchanging money when going abroad is easier and cheaper than ever . 
  changing currency sounds like a real ballache and i 'd rather not do it without a very good reason . 
  i never said that , but the eu does have a serious problem in policing its outer borders . 
  everyone coming into the uk , except those who come in under a lorry , has a passport and their identity verified . 
  security in not allowing dangerous criminals or terrorists into our country . 
   malta is the 5th most densely populated country the world and close to north africa so is often the first country that they come to . 
  then surely schengen is a bonus for malta as the migrants can possibly move more easily to continental europe . 
  the reverse would be true for the uk . 
   there were only ever a few thousand of migrants in calais which is something that could be easily accommodated for if there was the political will to do that . 
  accommodated by just letting anyone in ? 
  i ca n't see trading a requirement for passports for hundreds of thousands of extra illegal migrants being a * particularly * good deal . 
   that is still quite a fair amount many british people only travel within europe so would n't have to spend extra time and money on applying for a passport . 
  people tend to carry their driving license with them while only use their passport when traveling abroad . 
  it 's true that i always have my license to hand and it would be slightly more convenient , but carrying a passport is not something that bothers me . 
  i also know more people with passports than have driving licenses . 
   i am not denying that it is unpopular but that does n't mean that it is the wrong thing to do or that there is n't legitimacy towards it . 
  the boe tends to follow what the ez does closely and currency manipulation is n't the magic that people claim it is . 
  a matter of perspective . 
  sometimes you could say the ecb follows the boe . 
  the reality is that they are dealing with similar conditions much of the time and react in similar ways . 
  however , the boe can respond in a way that suits the uk specifically . 
  i do n't dislike the euro but i do n't want to adopt it any more than i 'd want us to adopt the dollar . 
  both sacrifice security for convenience and i do n't think much convenience is really gained . 
  iceland and malta are n't such a popular destination for migrants that thousands of people are willing to risk death in france to get there . 
  regardless , doing something just to copy others is n't the right way to go about things . 
  maybe schengen works for those countries and good for them . 
  the fact is that most people do n't leave the british isles more than a couple of times a year . 
  i do n't see how only needing to remember my driving license instead of my passport is such a big bonus . 
  the euro is debatable , but there 's always been very little appetite for it here . 
  i like the boe being able to act quickly and decisively and that 's something i do n't want to lose . 
  schengen does n't really offer any advantage to us as an island nation . 
  and the euro ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  wait . 
  you sort of want us to * lead * yet not block any legislation ? 
  how is going with the flow `` leading '' ? 
  kinda of back to front , but that now reminds me of earthwarp : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5fdaj3uasu, 
  the uk 's share looks rather low compared to most countries . 
  though this does n't account for the size of each agency . 
  not triggered , just pointing out that your reaction would be very unusual . 
   actually i would probably be in the middle of leaving the uk right now if i was a british citizen haha yeah . 
  everyone i know is flocking away to europe ... 
  right . 
  it 's not much , but i believe it should be a minimum and not a target . 
   repeated false equivalncies between england enslaving ireland and britain applying to join the eu , and then joking about `` taking ireland back . '',
