  he literally wants to threaten the uk into staying in the eu , in his own words . 
   who else who got crazy ammont of rebates , reduced member fee , special treatment : no schengen , no euro ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union poland , denmark and ireland . 
  schengen does n't make sense for us as an island where most people only go abroad a couple of times a year , compared to people living in a border region where it does make sense . 
  we have a rebate because we contribute a hell of a lot and would get back comparatively less compared to other countries due to the cap . 
  the rebate re-balanced things to be fairer to the uk . 
  we do n't get `` special '' treatment . 
   who else went to brussels asking for more benefit or else he would not support the remain on a brexit campaign he triggered ? 
  it was the only way in hell that cameron had a chance of winning the referendum . 
  the status quo could not win - it had to be something * better * . 
   who else said : we do not want more integration ever and never did , we only want the single market ? 
  https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/eb81-federalism.png?w=3000 - looks like scandanavia , ireland , netherlands . 
  slovakia , estonia , austria and luxembourg do n't look too happy about it either . 
   who else is currently trying to veto a long time overdue , an european task force to protect our border when themself have the strongest border control of the block , being on an island and imposing insanly high fines to whoever transport with or without knowing , illegal migrant there ? 
  it 's normal to impose fines , and it seems to work quite well . 
  we have n't blocked anything , except perhaps the ability of the proposed coastguard to act in a country 's territory without permission , which does n't seem unreasonable to me . 
   who else has been trying to block by every mean possible all kind of integration in finance to remove all the control possible and allow taxes and financial leechs ? 
  i 'd like some examples please . 
  would n't be surprised if ireland and the netherlands voted with us . 
   the uk , from day # 1 , has seen the eu as a huge single-market and nothing else and never felt to be part of something bigger . 
  probably because they never were invaded by anyone , because they are islander , had a great empire and feel special or something . 
  no matter the reason , most of them never belived or understood the eu . 
  we joined the common market . 
  do n't pretend that the eu is as it always was . 
  it has morphed into something that the majority of the british public are less happy with . 
   we 'll be a lot better without you . 
  then there 's nothing to worry about . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/davis_submerged_escape_apparatus i think jacques basically commercialised the idea , and i guess was closer to what we have now . 
  but the dsea was the first self-contained diving apparatus , i believe . 
  it seemed that denmark only wanted to join because we did ( mostly for their exports ) . 
  they 're trying to make it hindi , though many see that as a step backwards . 
  nah , that just reminds us that we successfully implanted our language there ... 
  as long as the uk government has n't * done * anything , then there 's nothing to investigate . 
  a * temporary * cap , that if i remember correctly still need agreements from other eu states to actually be activated ... 
  what did he achieve that i should care about ? 
  he came back with * nothing * . 
  though i do n't think he even wanted or expected anything . 
  the views of british citizens on the eu are really not that different to the views of most other eu countries . 
  we are * not * the only ` troublemakers ' . 
  this is actually more the express than any of the previous front pages featuring diana . 
  i 'm really looking forward to that giant map to be fair . 
  if we 're going by constituencies it 's good for us to look at the following map : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2016/jun/23/eu-referendum-live-results-and-analysis, 
  which is why i said `` at the moment '' . 
  not pursuing brexit would be disastrous for the tories at the next election , and extremely beneficial for ukip . 
  `` not very many '' was probably not a good choice of words . 
  it 's not a majority though . 
   of the 382 voting areas a total of 263 returned majority votes in favour of `` leave '' whilst 119 returned majority votes in favour of `` remain '' in the referendum including all 32 areas in scotland . 
  the voting areas in this referendum actually * do n't * line up with mps ' constituencies , so we ca n't be completely sure , but the above gives a rough idea . 
  i would say that they would be right to vote remain , but there are n't many pro-remain constituencies . 
  at the moment . 
  they 'll be decided between brussels and london . 
  all this vote does is decide who gets to fire the starting pistol . 
  i do n't see why it would make a difference . 
  i 'm certain parliament will still activate art . 
   blunder 10 this was funny the first couple of times , but it 's old now . 
  presumably because it 's stressful and scary ? 
  wait , he gets his own flag !, 
  no reason why it would be * more * difficult as it 's a deal both parties will really want . 
  suspect there will be a bare-bones deal put in place first with additions to follow . 
   even supposing , in an act of drunken self-denial , the eu would grant such privileged conditions to the uk , under wto rules it would then have to grant similar conditions to all other countries including korea , japan and perhaps even china . 
  it 's completely possible as part of a trade agreement . 
  you 'll impose significantly higher tariffs than japan on the uk ? 
  with friends like these ... 
  why would it ? 
  unless the pound massively strengthens . 
  our automotive trade is roughly balanced and trade tariffs are reciprocal . 
  if we use the money raised from tariffs we impose on imports to pay for the tariffs the eu imposes on our exports then it could be fairly cost neutral . 
  i suspect nissan have a better idea than you on this particular issue . 
  the way i see it ( which probably is n't backed up by dictionaries ) is that * expats * are highly skilled and have been * transferred * to another country by their company , often for higher pay than the locals in the country they 'll be working in . 
  * immigrants * instead go * looking * for work in other countries . 
  cheap enough that i have no idea what they cost . 
  now if you want me to get angry about prices , let 's talk about phones , petrol and electricity ... ( like the rest of europe i suppose ) . 
  i quite like that . 
  ^ ( but feel i should point out that scuba diving is basically an english invention ... ), 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you at all . 
  just putting it here so people can explore how our income tax system works and see whether they think it 's fair or not . 
  to hit that belgian 42.8 % , you 'd need to be earning about # 230,000 . 
  for / u/mikeemoo to hit 40 % he must be earning # 125,000 - but that 's certainly top 1 % territory , so there 's a chance he 's exaggerating . 
  to get a feel for our taxes , have a look here : https://listentotaxman.com ( you can put in any income and see what the tax will be ) . 
  this must be 99 % down to all the chuggers we have . 
  the only irish joke i can remember is :  how do you sink an irish submarine ? 
   knock on the door . 
  yeah , it would probably work better if you had submarines ... 
  seems fair enough . 
  we will make as many concessions to * each other * as is beneficial . 
  calais and eastern europeans say otherwise . 
  petrol is the only change i 've noticed so far . 
  it worked in ireland . 
  i do n't think we 'll go for that because of free movement , but if we did there 's no reason we 'd get a worse deal than norway . 
  lowering our corporate tax rate , as your country has done , is being at each other 's throats ? 
  unless more of you speak french this is basically tower of babel vs monolingual state . 
  an absolute death-storm , but the spanish still lost all six of those ships . 
  not putting down their achievement though , because that 's about as good going for the spanish fleet as you could expect and then some with a miracle on top . 
  nah , it 's about even . 
  but in addition / r/unitedkingdom hates itself . 
  for the last couple of years , yes . 
  they were almost completely irrelevant until they kicked off in ukraine . 
  we 're all * sick * of hearing about calais and ca n't understand why the french ca n't just sort it out ... 
  the uk is a sovereign state . 
  england , scotland , wales and northern ireland are not countries in any meaningful sense .
