  germany can ban what it wants ... 
  i think this would be even more difficult . 
  the bbc iplayer comes to mind first of all ... 
  it also shows jsa claimants , not the number of people seeking employment . 
  in cornwall the figures here look pretty good , but that ignores the fact that we have an older population who may wish to work but already have a pension to rely on . 
  a lot of lccs seem to enjoy buying planes new and selling them on when they become more trouble than they 're worth to maintain . 
  first image looks interesting . 
  would have thought asia would look rather more busy than this . 
  perhaps it 's just a subset of all planes ? 
  i think it 's arrogant to believe that we are beyond conflict . 
  are we really so much more clever , so much more peace loving , than our ancestors ? 
  an exciting moment for us both , but with a sweet after-taste for you and mine being somewhat bitter . 
  still , it was a damn good six nations !, 
  currently reading * one hundred days * by admiral sandy woodward ( all about the 1982 battle for the falkland islands , in which he was the task force commander ) . 
  after that i 'll be delving into some fiction with arthur c clarke 's * fountains of paradise * . 
  i liked it , but i felt like it was cut short by not looking more at the present situation . 
  that was brilliant !, 
  we 'll get a vote soon enough , then hopefully everything will calm down ... 
  it 's the telegraph . 
  second one is brilliant . 
  i believe you can claim this as your own ( director was american , i think ) . 
  it 's more ` real ' than any of the us home grown recruitment videos . 
  the police usually check if the address / name exists at least . 
  i 've heard of people getting unstuck making it up . 
  for many , i guess . 
  but a good number of our migrants ca n't really speak english ... 
  why would the id card issue matter when we * all * have passports to get back into the uk ? 
  it 's not even that great over here . 
  just stay in france ffs . 
  you have to activate roaming first on their website , but you ca n't do it in the first month of your contract for some reason . 
  a very important contribution . 
  what i 'm getting at is that the cost of the intervention to the us was similar to other states , not like normal where you spend more than everyone else put together . 
  proportionately for its size the us did n't really put that much into libya , at least cost-wise . 
  while i think it was either the largest or second largest contribution , but compared to usual it was small . 
  i thought that was because france backed-out ? 
  probably because you wanted nuclear propulsion ? 
  as the other guy says , just a fuel tank . 
  however , the [ storm shadow ] ( http://media.defenceindustrydaily.com/images/ord_storm_shadow_tornado_gr4_raf_eads_lg.jpg ) cruise missile ( centre ) is a similar size/shape to some of those fuel tanks ( on the wings ) . 
  not a couple of hundred years ago ... 
  we 'll never know until there 's a proper war . 
  thankfully they are apparently sticking exclusively to the shit areas meaning i wo n't have my ears damaged by irritating chanting every morning . 
  language mostly , i guess . 
  overall i like the free movement within the eu , but believe perhaps that the eu may have grown a little too quickly . 
  it seems weird to have immigrants from ( to pick one at random ) lithuania having am easier time getting in than people in native english speaking ex-colonies . 
  the callouses offer extra protection !, 
  the gbu-44 and similar , would speed really matter ? 
  you are n't going to outrun it ... 
  i wish we could set these all up for remote control and have one * mindblowing * episode of robot wars . 
  just remember to stand well back . 
  the challenger 2 does come in [ dark green ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/challenger_main_battle_tank_with_improved_armour_mod_45149015.jpg ) if you prefer that . 
  we do , but i think in a situation like that we 'd give up . 
  the peoples ' militia ( rinse , repeat ), 
  they have ships !, 
  i suppose we might nuke moscow in response though ... 
  well the younger ( presumably ) romanians have been hilarious on here . 
  i generally see a romanian flag here as a sign of potential comedy ... 
  the russians would basically walk over us . 
  but we would get to die together ... so there 's that . 
  that seems a bad idea . 
  we 'd only have one variety of fighter jet ? 
  it 's like they built it from thirty-year-old copper plate . 
  woah . 
  cornwall looks ... surprisingly bright on this . 
  i might use this the next time someone tells me i live in the middle of nowhere . 
  i mean , it is the middle of nowhere relative to the south east , but in european terms ... definitely not . 
  also , you can really see the [ blue banana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ), 
  happy to sell you one , but it 'll probably : - cost ** one billion pounds ** - immediately ground itself - play host to the murder of an officer ^ ( or it just wo n't work at all and may catch fire like those the canadians bought ... ), 
  more than likely he was in his hugbox at the time . 
  my instinct is that it will stick together as long as the economy keeps improving . 
  nobody wants to rock the boat when things are looking good . 
  it will be interesting to see what happens over my lifetime ... 
  fucking hell china . 
  it 's hard to imagine a country that size being ruled by an effective dictatorship . 
  it 's always a worthwhile pin to guess ... 
  this would n't happen to be that empty airport that top gear filmed at once , would it ? 
  it 's not as if you ` lose ' when mbda gets a contract ... 
  hope so . 
  at least those remind me of many of the phelps children . 
  it is on this subreddit ... 
  bloody past ? 
  definitely . 
  the number of wars we had with france was frankly ridiculous ... 
  but that said , you had quite a respectable civil war !, 
  be honest , did you expect anything different before you opened the thread ? 
  torygraph and grauniad are definitely much more common terms , though i have also heard of this . 
  out of interest , how strongly do people identify as indian ? 
  it seems pretty strong , but i 've been wondering if people from some states feel less indian than others ? 
  ( like the scottish seem to feel less british ... ), 
  we tried a female pm once ... ^ ( thought she was alright actually ), 
  pretty much only near dover . 
  good view from the cliffs !, 
  ( i believe it 's also close enough in good conditions to get a french mobile occasionally ) . 
  seeing the english side from france is probably easier : https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:francegrisnez2dover.jpg, 
  if it was actually entered to eurovision it would do pretty damn well . 
  the video makes the missile look huge , but i imagine it 's fairly average in size and most missiles are pretty big ? 
  if they became any more pathetic , the us would turn into ourselves . 
  canada and the us are far enough away not to worry . 
  sounds useful , if disappointingly non-lethal . 
  however , somehow i imagine the `` 220 hardened laptops '' being windows xp with 1 gig of ram . 
  congratulate them on their unexpectedly good amphibious assault capability , but wonder why they have captured a small fishing village .
