  however , freedom of movement ** is ** a big issue and it 's something that apparently the rest of the eu is in favour of and would defend to the grave !, 
   why is everybody supposed to give way time and time again to accommodate british demands for exemption that no other member has . 
  the exceptions we 've had are basically from the uk agreeing to let the eu move forwards and integrate on some areas we 're not keen on . 
  would you have preferred it if we 'd vetoed instead of opting out ? 
   if you are at odds with so much that makes the eu the eu then its best for all parties involved that you leave . 
  the eu isnt just a trade agreement , its not about receiving more funds than you pay in and its not an a la carte buffet either . 
  you dont get to choose the parts that you like and walk away from the rest . 
  it started as a trade agreement . 
  we 'd prefer it to remain as such . 
  if it ca n't , then i guess we 'll have to leave . 
  a shame , but the changing function and purpose of the eu has forced us out . 
  not even properly out of the eu !, 
   well it is a rather misguided view , considering that the stuff that gets blamed on freedom of movement has nothing to do with freedom of movement . 
  high immigration was caused because there was demand for it . 
  perhaps , but i think we 'll be better off where we only accept skilled migration ( and more of it ) . 
  this is of course what most countries in the world do . 
   the uk also is one of the liberal implementors of it . 
  yes , and that should have been recognised by the eu going forward . 
  we went above and beyond that they wanted , so we should certainly be allowed a little leeway in the other direction . 
   freedom of movement is an integral part of the single market therefore it should n't be up for negotiation . 
  that 's fair enough , and it will be why we leave . 
  we 'd be happy to join another union that does n't include fom though !, 
  we 'll find out and i doubt the difference will be that great . 
  of course it 's great for the countries like poland that get huge amounts of funding ... but it 's been a long time since a fully developed country in europe was outside the eu . 
  you 're not making a point that i can miss !, 
  the uk electorate rightly or wrongly cares greatly about the effects of eu migration on the uk . 
  this means that it 's a big issue in the uk . 
  it is most certainly not a `` non-issue '' . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  if it was a non-issue , the eu would n't mind an exception . 
   in the way that uk had plenty of exceptions from the eu some , but not the ones people would have cared about . 
   used its veto power to impose its view on the other member states . 
  like every single member does , using the democratic system of the eu as designed ? 
  haha !, 
  if it 's a non-issue , then surely the eu would be happy to let us have an exemption !, 
  unfortunately it seems that it 's both a big issue in the eu * and * the uk . 
  we will pay what we legally owe . 
  we 'll be fine mate , but thanks !, 
  in what way ? 
  oh i noticed , but they are pretty reasonable exemptions considering everything exempted is beyond what we initially signed up for . 
  illegal immigration is not a big issue , legal eu migration is . 
  unfortunately it means that the uk and the eu are incompatible : /, 
  if they were relative non-issues , the eu would have been happy to grant some exceptions for us . 
  but no , apparently they are really really really important issues !, 
  i think it probably is reversible , but some in the eu have said that it is n't . 
  we wo n't know until it 's tested in the courts . 
  there will absolutely be negotiation . 
  if the eu is happy to negotiate with canada ( it was ) , then it will negotiate with the uk . 
  `` no deal '' is not good for the eu . 
  well , article 50 is activated so we ca n't go back according to many . 
  we need a government who can actually negotiate , not a coalition with disparate views . 
  under wto rules it would appear to be 8 to 9 percent . 
  pretty sure that chocolates and biscuits are going to be in an fta though . 
   not a great position to be in tbh . 
  all those countries are doing very well . 
  perhaps , but we probably need a lawyer to tell us whether it would fall under unanimity or qmv . 
  as a couple they would . 
  we might find that , in which case we 'd be happy to rejoin . 
  obviously i 'd rather have them than not have them and i realise they 're full of skilled people , but if that 's part of the price we pay for not sending # 10bn a year to eastern europe then i guess we 'll deal with it . 
  the eba was only created in 2011 , so i do n't see that it 's exactly a core eu function . 
  ema seems pretty important i 'll admit though . 
  my point was that other large countries have more than we do ( france has four ) and some tiny countries have one ( see malta ) . 
  countries such as portugal can have two , the same as us , with a population of barely 10m . 
  now , maybe the eba and ema are so big and expensive that we should n't feel too hard done by , but i 've yet to see any actual analysis . 
  edit : looked at the following document , http://ec.europa.eu/budget/library/biblio/documents/2016/db/db2016_wdiii_en.pdf appears in 2014 the eba had a budget of $ 13m and the ema $ 37m . 
  combined that 's $ 50m . 
  the latter is certainly a big agency , though frontex ( $ 83m ) , europol ( $ 82m ) , efsa ( $ 77m ) , emsa ( $ 50m ) are bigger prizes . 
  ( note that those numbers are just eu funding . 
  agencies may get funding in other ways . ), 
  ahh , the collectiveindividual famine special . 
  my favourite !, 
  which is not defined in the eu treaties , which is why it 's subject to negotiation . 
  this means that we need to be offered something of significant value for us to pay such a bribe . 
  i suppose we could agree to waive our veto right ? 
  but i expect that would be reversible without actually leaving the unsc . 
  but outside the uk single market . 
  so , you know , not a great situation , if being in the single market where most of your trade is is as important as / r/europe thinks . 
  i can see some positive aspects to the eu , but to describe our membership of the eu as our `` biggest asset '' is hilarious . 
  not exactly . 
  it 's a legally grey area and will either be resolved by negotiations ( which requires the eu offering a carrot , not a stick ) , or by the courts ( presumably icj ) which could go either way . 
  we had fewer agencies than other countries our size . 
  small countries get the best deals in the eu . 
  it 's shite for large countries . 
  you do realise that `` empire 2.0 '' was something that a few remainers created to ridicule brexit , right ? 
  surely strawberry jam is fine ? 
  whenever i have a croissant it 's usually at a hotel buffet breakfast so they 're not the greatest croissants anyway tbh, 
  well we do n't currently have true free movement of services , but most here would see the current situation as preferable to no single market . 
  it 's a spectrum , not binary . 
  that would depend on what restrictions were put in place . 
  just saying that for some ee countries , making some concessions may have been preferable to having a reduced eu budget . 
  i 'm not suggesting that , just maybe they might have been less against the uk having some restrictions on fom . 
  interesting . 
  it appears that * republic of ireland * is the `` legal name '' but that * ireland * is the `` constitutional name '' . 
  pretty sure / u/collectiveindividual gets a bit annoyed when someone writes * roi * , but then pretty much anything riles him up . 
  i 'll be part of the problem tbh, 
  so why are they so in favour of freedom of movement ? 
  it may be , as i discovered after accidentally staying in a primarily german area there, 
  if the roi government could choose a more descriptive name than ireland then it would n't exist . 
  ( roi not being something their government actually uses . ), 
  i may have agreed to go there with a group of friends .
