  our net financial contributions to the eu ( i.e. 
  after rebate and all eu spending is taken into account ) are pretty much exactly the same as france . 
  sure it 's not exact ( some years we pay more , some years they pay more , but it 's very close ) . 
  they benefit from the cap and our rebate offsets that . 
  our `` discount '' merely made us level with france . 
  very little has changed either way . 
  i do n't know anyone who 's actually definitively switched sides , though i 'm now ambivalent about the eu at best . 
  exactly . 
  this is why it amuses me so much when people in / r/europe think we 're backwards compared to ireland . 
  kek, 
  that 's fine - we 'll more easily block criminals going the other way , so everyone is happy . 
  so , english has changed a lot less ? 
  that surprises me . 
  i wonder if english is typical in that respect , it is unusual . 
  definitely . 
  check in early - it 's the last few people who check in who get a `` standby '' boarding pass . 
  happened to me in easyjet , but it worked as intended and there was still room for me . 
  confirmed, 
  how about just switch them ? 
  when the majority of seats are in strasbourg , these seats go to brussels and vice versa !, 
  well , it does n't really concern us . 
  why would it change how people voted ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll do fine . 
  look at embraer . 
  interesting . 
  at least now it wipes out after 25 years though !, 
  better than the deal i have ... as far as this workforce goes , i would be happy with it in certain circumstances . 
  like , i think it should be roughly in line with the minimum wage , making people work for one or two days a week would be fine , but i really would n't be comfortable with people being forced to work forty hour weeks for fifty quid !, 
  i would be particularly worried super-low-pay workforce would end up undercutting other paid employees in whatever sector they were tasked with helping out in . 
  if they were made to do litter picking , then they 're taking work away from paid council employees . 
  on the other hand , at least we 're not spain . 
  25 % unemployment !, 
  screw all this , i just want to watch the olympics and have fun . 
  i 'm really quite excited for the opening ceremony , though nobody 's explained to me why the football started before !, 
  agree with you until the last part . 
  there 's definitely room to reform the benefit system , but to be honest , right now , there 's little point . 
  the supply of unemployed people is so much larger than the pool of jobs available that we 'd do better to spend time and money on sorting out the later rather than the former . 
  you 're 16 , so i think there 's a good chance that by the time you 've finished your degree everything will be looking great again , but right now it 's terrible . 
  as a side-note , i thought that wales had lower fees like scotland , but i guess not now the 9k fees are in ? 
  you 're right that issues that affect only a certain area should be managed , where possible , by people familiar with the territory . 
  however , i feel like issues such as the nhs and education/universities funding should be dealt with centrally . 
  i 'm not a fan of a postcode lottery . 
  i do feel that non-se england gets the worst deal out of the current situation . 
  now , i should clarify that i 've only lived ( over the age of 9 ) in deepest darkest cornwall and durham/newcastle - so naturally my perspective is going to be a bit different to someone in the big smoke . 
  the only entity which seems to have helped cornwall is the european union not parliament , but i do n't hate londoners for not spending precious debating time on us - they have their own expensive problems with a decaying transport network , high crime and not-insignificant unemployment . 
  fyi : i 'm 23 and not particularly politically active . 
  i voted lib dem last time , but mostly as an anti-labour vote . 
  we do have a cornish nationalist party down here , but again , they 'd try to make us independent and completely ruin us in doing so . 
  would you actually want to go independent ? 
  the only welsh people i 've spoken to have expressed just how badly the welsh assembly is at anything and grudgingly accept being tacked onto england . 
  my point of view is that we 're stronger together than apart , and i like being able to visit scotland and wales , which while being different countries with a strong identity , are also one country ( however that works ) . 
  how far should devolution go ? 
  would north wales complain about being run by those softy-southerners in south wales ? 
  it was definitely giggs . 
  possibly bellamy too , but i only saw the reports ( started watching about 15 mins into the game ) . 
  if you do n't know it , you do n't know it . 
  got ta be honest , i do n't know more than the first verse , but i 'm surprised that you claim to know none ... 
  still , i 'd have thought if i was taking part in team gb , i might take the effort to learn the national anthem . 
  maybe i just underestimate the apathy of the team . 
  from the land of footballers who refuse to sing the national anthem , apparently . 
  well the empire was pretty big . 
  it 's probably to laugh at us . 
  not certain . 
  my generation ( i 'm 23 ) was taught entirely in metric . 
  we still want to drink pints and measure out height in feet and inches ... 
  `` cryptographic software '' - apparently . 
  i guess pgp is n't good enough for them . 
  requesting england please , 
  it 's just not really a thing here . 
  i had my first can of it at the age of 27 from a rather specialised motorway service station shop . 
  i thought it was weird and i had no desire to buy another one . 
   the u : english u in university without the j sound in the beginning there 's a j sound in university !? 
  do you mean y ? 
  5p ( # 0.05 ) here . 
  when i 've lived in more rural areas it 's usually happened on average once a year . 
  generally for an hour or so , but once it was pretty much a full 24 hours after a big storm . 
  more frequently there are short power cuts of literally a few seconds . 
  i just assumed they were kind of average people in general . 
  obviously i know of particular groups who left for specific reasons , so i guess a bit of option 3 but not for most people . 
   corrections could be required to be more prominent ( for front page stories , put the correction/retraction on the front page as well , for example ) support  or murdoch 's virtual monopoly could be broken up . 
  nah , it 's overplayed . 
  the times is pretty damn good tbh . 
   or heck , government subsidies for independent media , perhaps . 
  it seems that most emerging independent media is more insane than our tabloids . 
  see the canary and westmonster . 
  [ common agricultural policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy ) it 's over a third of the eu 's budget and it disproportionately benefits countries like france that have a relatively low population density . 
  france gets around ** double ** the cap payments that the uk gets . 
  the rebate essentially puts us on level pegging with france in terms of our * net * contribution to the eu . 
  this seems pretty fair ( at least in isolation ) as we 're practically identical in terms of gdp and population . 
  i appreciate that many nations feel we 're getting a better deal than them and that it 's unfair . 
  it might be unfair , but it 's * no less unfair * than the deal france gets . 
  i feel safer when the less savoury elements of the calais migrant camp are kept on the continent . 
  while the eu 's southern borders remain as porous as they are now i doubt my opinion will change . 
  do n't get me wrong : it 's * fairly minor * , but the benefits of schengen for the uk are * even more minor * . 
  they are n't especially long . 
  it 's such a minor benefit compared to the decrease in security we 'd experience . 
  what in particular have we blocked where we were the only dissenting voice ? 
  would you support reform of eu fund distribution so that we did n't need a rebate to be on a level pegging with countries like france ? 
  we would n't need a rebate if the cap was properly reformed . 
   do something to clean up their media which more resembles fascist propaganda than a free and independent press how do we do this without basically censoring them ?
