  can confirm . 
  currently sober . 
  this is awful . 
  we have a lot of biblical names and they seem covered . 
  not when there 's a un resolution . 
  which we 'll get unless russia or china feel like dragging their feet . 
  which i guess seems quite likely . 
  france , uk and usa will support it . 
  some will die i suspect , but overall the number will decrease as fewer drown in the middle of the med . 
  shhh . 
  well , if this was a game . 
  yes . 
  i think it just means we need to send a few guided missile destroyers . 
  i 'd expect we 'd get on quite well with them as we seem quite similar ...  the self-declared national salvation government , set up last summer when an armed faction called libya dawn took over the capital , has also expressed its '' ** deep concern ** '' over the eu plan . 
  there is !? 
  would n't expect anyone to know where it is ... 
  while i identify somewhat with cornwall , i 've lived in a number of places in england ( and the uk flag is nicer than the english flag ) . 
  nigel 's speech at the end goes really well with the music . 
  he certainly knows how to speak . 
  i really ca n't see this persuading anyone though . 
  haha , that reminds me . 
  a friend got mugged in paris for his phone , but he did manage to negotiate with the mugger to keep the sim ... 
  got ta be honest , if we 're playing word associate games and someone said portugal , i 'd say maddie . 
  the media coverage was so over-the-top that an entire country is now inextricably tied to the disappearance of a child . 
  maybe second i 'd think of the portuguese man of war . 
  that said , i still want to go , but my plans for this year fell flat , so perhaps in 2016 !, 
   a diplomatic row over the issue ensued , which the island 's sinking back into the sea rendered moot . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  yeah , a lot of people like to run it down , but i think the visitor numbers speak for themselves . 
  at least it 's not too far for you to go . 
  cornwall checking in ... 
  i thought they were mostly * between * landmarks . 
  edit - from wikipedia :  - from alexandra palace to st paul 's cathedral - from the summit of parliament hill to st paul 's cathedral - from the summit of parliament hill to the palace of westminster - from parliament hill , at the prominent oak tree east of the summit , to palace of westminster - from the viewing gazebo at kenwood house to st paul 's cathedral - from the summit of primrose hill to st paul 's cathedral - from the summit of primrose hill to the palace of westminster - from greenwich park , north east of the general wolfe statue , to st paul 's cathedral - from blackheath point , near the orientation board , to st paul 's cathedral - from westminster pier to st paul 's cathedral - from king henry viii 's mound in richmond park to st paul 's cathedral a distance of over 10 miles ( 16 km ) and created in 1710 , this view frames the cathedral through a special gap in holly hedging , down a specially maintained clear avenue in sidmouth wood and then all the way across london . 
  this protected view has limited development around liverpool street station as a tall structure there would form an unacceptable backdrop to the view of st paul 's . 
  - from the centre of the bridge over the serpentine to the palace of westminster - from the the queen 's walk at city hall to the white tower  the views of st paul 's cathedral from waterloo bridge and hungerford bridge are not specifically mentioned although these views are protected in practice by the views from richmond park and from westminster pier respectively as these bridges are on the path of the protected vistas . 
  people who want to make a comparison with the submission title !, 
  it 's ugly , but - i thought - also helpful . 
  maybe they should n't have spent $ 50,000-million on sochi ? 
  i think a better metaphor would be an old man being pushed around on a wheelchair against his will . 
  from where i was ( amalfi coast ) , i assumed drivers just grinded along the walls to guide them . 
  never have i seen so many smashed up looking cars . 
  italy is an interesting country . 
  what actually is being sent ? 
  something smaller i suspect . 
  i think our debt is closer to france 's than it is to greece 's . 
  is n't it ? 
  i meant more inefficient just because we 're a collection of different countries . 
  being a proper state gives russia an advantage in that respect . 
  i do find this `` socialised = bad '' thing pretty weird . 
  you already have socialised schools and military ... 
  but far more inefficient . 
  not necessarily - they might just feel more scottish . 
  many do . 
  regardless , i was just refuting the idea that they had ` tried to leave ' . 
  i 'm not hugely knowledgeable on the people of yorkshire , but for example , geordies have far more in common with scottish people than they do with the cornish or londoners , for example . 
  the accents are close and there 's so much culture and history that does n't just stop at a rather arbitrary border . 
  as you say scotland used to be a country . 
  it still is by name and has a number of national institutions and laws . 
  but it is not a sovereign country . 
  it could be if it wanted to be and i would not try to stop it . 
  in its current situation it 's analogous to a us state . 
  personally i 'd rather see most of those differences normalised as i do n't see why laws should change when crossing a border within my own country . 
  personally i 'm sick of the * disproportionate * media coverage , relative to population , that scotland gets . 
  i live in the south-west and we have a similar population to scotland , but we are usually ignored in comparison . 
  i do n't know how you expected ruk to respond to an snp majority in scotland , but surely it 's obvious that we 're not going to respond well to a separatist party getting into power just after having to sit through years of debates on independence . 
  maybe if scotland voted for a unionist scottish party it would n't caused such a huge shift down-south . 
   it 's not like they have not tried to . 
  i 'm well aware that 45 % did . 
  55 % did not . 
  i 'm happy for scotland to remain part of the uk providing they act like it . 
  if they want some sort of extra special deal i 'm not interested in it . 
  it 's not as if england is some homogeneous block either - quite different to the impression you get on here . 
  i live in a far removed coastal area which again has its own identity and its own problems . 
  but i am english and british . 
  if people in scotland can only identify as scottish and not british , then there is really little point to our country as it stands . 
  the snp are pushing a stronger scottish identity and i think it 's working . 
  if you 're so different , then leave . 
  please stop trying to pretend you 're better or more deserving of being listened to than any other group of people in the uk . 
  liverpudlians certainly have an identity , so who are you to say that they 're less important than you . 
  if they were not obsessed with independence , they could become a uk-wide party . 
  but i guess that 's never going to happen . 
  technically yes . 
  and i and many others could see ed miliband trying to make it work , which is one reason the conservatives did rather well - because they will * not * cooperate with the snp . 
  nobody in the rest of the uk wants a separatist party having any power . 
  i suppose we quite like how when a party really fucks up , they get totally wiped out because their core vote is n't enough to keep them in power . 
  yeah , that was probably the shittiest campaign i can remember . 
  but i 'm sure someone can find one worse ... 
  in recent elections it 's gone the other way and it benefits labour more . 
  not enough to actually save them though , obviously . 
   for a long time it 's been a famous fact that scotland has more pandas than conservative mp 's , yet frequently is governed by a party they rarely vote for . 
  that 's always been a bit of a shitty fact . 
  you can choose any area and draw a line around it , from a single constituency , to london , to scotland , and say they did not get what they voted for . 
  i know in 2010 london voted labour . 
  that 's not who governed the country . 
  ^ ( i prefer * there are more trident submarines in scotland than there are non-snp mps * . 
  it 's much more fun . ), 
  regarding what / u/tubeyouer said , i 've known people to go america ( boston , if that 's relevant ) but been unable to get a glass of water unless they ask for a glass of `` wad-er '' . 
  english got lucky in that we now have modern communication methods to keep it from diverging too much . 
  languages , such as latin , became the norm in huge areas , but diverged in such a way that i think english will not . 
  i 'd rather this than have to learn french .
