  the gripen was introduced in 1998 . 
  thats 20 years between . 
  the eurofighter was introduced in 2003 , only 5 years after gripen . 
  and if * i * recall correctly its the charging of a fee to cover the banks transaction fee that is not legal , hence why so many small candy shops and tobacco stores wants you to pay in cash below a certain sum . 
  otherwise it would cut into their profits to much when someone just wants a soda or a mars bar . 
   `` sorry , '' the vendor said . 
  `` you 'll have to use cash . '', 
  this right here is why i think while its possible to have a less cash society , a cashless society will be much harder to get . 
  there are also smaller stores which have a minimum sale requirement before they accept cards , because of fees . 
  in sweden , the police profession is a 2 and a half year college education . 
  ca n't have people stealing your body heat , so better keep a distance to other people . 
  joking aside , as weird it might seem to be for some people , this picture just shows how you show respect to other people in the north by not intruding to much on their personal space . 
   i have been wondering about the motives for not reporting on it in august and then suddenly wanting to report it now . 
  no no no . 
  thats not whats happened . 
  what happened was that one of the * alternative media * found out about the story and blamed the dn for trying to cover it up . 
  the dn then went into full damage control mode trying to pin it all on the cops . 
   really , as a pole - and europe had a beef with polish democracy for what exactly ? 
  the expression * polish parliment * has probably been around since the 17th century because the polish sejm had absolute veto - which is just a terrible terrible idea . 
  the editor chang frick used to be a member of sd . 
  ni is now somewhat left of the more right wing avpixlat and fria tider but still right of the mainstream media . 
  the real actual nazis seem to hate him and refer to him as a `` the jew '' though , so he ca n't be all bad . 
  except those that vote for sd . 
  may 2015 had 8.5 % of support from foreign people who said they supported sd . 
  at the same time the same figures for swedes was 10.4 % ( according to scb , source here http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/sd-okar-hos-utrikesfodda ), 
  living in the south of sweden , i as well as the people at work usually uses dmi anyway ( the danish meteorological institute ), 
  because they dont know how to handle a change in paradigm . 
  just look at how the record and movie industry are slow to adapt to streaming . 
  or the car industry from fossil fuel to something more enviromentally friendly . 
  they rather keep with a system that they know works , but hurts them , rather than something new . 
  the difference can be that temporary holders must * renew * their residence once every x years until they can return while the permanent doesnt need to , until the crisis is over and the permit is revoked ( i think ), 
  so should i refuse to have my fingerprints taken when its time to renew my passport then since `` i am a tourist , not a terrorist '' ? 
  ( swedish passports require fingerprints ), 
  were seeing slowly decreasing numbers now after closing the border . 
  last week we got about 3000 + seekers . 
  looks like one of those fantasy maps from roleplaying games . 
  all we need are the elven forests , some viking longships off the coast and mount doom ( eyfjallaj\u00f6kull ) volcano where the hobbits can throw the one ring into . 
  he is not in prison , but locked up in a mental institution for the clinically insane . 
  while i certainly can sympathize with anyone who goes `` fuck this , im outta this hellhole '' i have much more respect for those that stay ( and even goes back from europe ) to fight and liberate their country from isis . 
  once they 're free and start rebuilding i fear there will be a sort of rift between those who ran and those who stayed . 
  `` where were you when we bled and died for our country ? '', 
  when they want to go back . 
  more like 18 to 25-ish . 
  the longest modern life sentence has lasted for 34 years ( to be released next year ), 
  so the smart ones , who realize that `` if something sounds to good , its probably not true '' stays , while we get the stupid ones ? 
  one ? 
  if you 're referring to the kalmarunion there was a bunch of uprisings and civil wars before the very final one when after the danish king decided to murder a bunch of swedish nobles at his coronation the swedes werent all that interested to honor the agreement any more and elected their own king , ending the union . 
  there is still one party left ( hah ! ), 
  who thinks we shouldve kept them coming . 
  or one-and-a-half if you count the fact that the greens wasnt totally united in this decision . 
  might as well rename it to `` shariahamn '', 
  dont forget the colony of new sweden among the delaware river in modern day wilmington ( which explains why they have a modified swedish flag ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilmington,_delaware, 
  we have a swedish economist by the name of tino sanandaji who adresses this very issue . 
  he explains it by immigrants having a very low human capital . 
  compared to swedes , ( most ) immigrants are poorly educated , bad language comprehension skills , may still carry a grudge towards other people from their country which may cause conflict in the workplace and more reasons . 
  from that , hiring immigrants are to much of a hassle for most employers . 
   87 % voted for parties that ~ ~ made no secret of their support for mass immigration ~ ~ had other priorities than mass immigration , believe it or not , but we have quite a few more problems than just immigration issues . 
  there is our schools are dropping in quality , privatization of hospitals and whether foreign venture capitalists should be allowed to make a killing by providing substandard care for our elderly . 
  and jobs . 
  at the time of the election immigration was only on 5th place of what people deemed important . 
  well , its not quite as simple as that . 
  as i mentioned , the sweden democrats doubled their amount , which came mostly from the moderates , but the social democrats as well . 
  but since the social democrats also got votes from former moderates , they stayed more or less at the same number of votes from the previous election . 
  one way to say it is that s didnt came to power by being voted * in * , but by the previous guy voted * out * anyway , many people now expected that by the sd becoming balance of power , having enough to tip the scale either way , was gon na be able to force either side into a more restrictive policy . 
  so this was fine . 
  in any other democracy this would have been enough . 
  the other parties decided to counter this by making a agreement , the so-called * december agreement * that nullified the balance of power by not presenting a opposition the sd could vote for . 
  this allowed the ruling party to continue their policy by having the opposition surrender unconditionally , just to spite sd . 
   in a situation where the only party that advocates reason and adressing your problems is shunned and locked out of influence by all the other parties , it should n't seem such a hard choice knowing where to put your vote . 
  which is why a former party of neonazis in the worlds most progressive country are climbing like mad in the polls . 
  well , we tried , but unfortunately the one elected also refused to see the problem , because admitting there was a problem in the first place was something they didnt want to do . 
  thats the short version . 
  the somewhat longer version is that various refugees and immigrants have been poor at integrating into swedish society for a long time now . 
  this has been a known fact , its just the explanations behind as to why they are slow to integrate that are all over the place , from the racist `` they are murderous , wifebeating savages '' to the overly pk `` they all have ptsd and anyone who dont want to give them a job are just racist . '', 
  as the neighborhoods where immigrants concentrate were becoming more violent and criminal because of poor integration this just `` proved '' the racist point of view , so the only party that wanted to restrict immigration grew . 
  this didnt go well with the established parties . 
  the utopian , progressive welfare state of sweden had racists and `` fascists '' in its parliment which was considered a stain . 
  so at the next election , the moderate leader ( right wing ) held a speech where he adressed the imminent refugee crisis and asked the swedes to `` open their hearts '' and prepare to accept even more immigrants . 
  this was a mistake . 
  never have such a succesful party seen its support evaporate so quickly . 
  the party , who had been responsible for making sure sweden had survived the financial crisis lost the 2014 election , many votes now going to the left and the previosuly mentioned nationalist party , who doubled their votes , becoming the third largest party . 
  the second largest party , the socialist democrats , took over . 
  for some reason they refused ( and many still do ) to learn from their predecessors mistake and formed a weak cabinet with the green party , continuing a liberal refugee policy . 
  at the same time the party who as late as the 90 's was shunned like neonazis and skinheads have risen to between largest/second largest party in he polls . . 
  so thats why i meant with `` tried '' . 
  we got a new boss , but he was the same as the old boss . 
  its hear hear ( as in listen , listen ) and yes , there are a lot of swedes who thinks the same . 
  sadly , not enough to cause a political change ( yet ) . 
  but who knows , just these last days the m have called for stricter regulations and the * members * of s as well out in the country . 
  they just have to convince the leadership in the capital . . 
  the last three months theyve started to drop in the polls though . 
  one can only hope . . 
  right now weve had a uncommonly warm autumn which makes many of those arriving say silly stuff like how they dont care whether we ( sweden ) are all out of housing to put them in and will have to start to resort to camps with tents . 
  that they will live in the street if they have to . 
  which would be suicidal if we get a equally cold winter like the last . 
  i know what you mean . 
  as i said the previous election : `` there are many reasons not to vote sd , but their immigration policy isnt one '' in the end i didnt vote for them , but had i known that the stupid welder would decide to honor reinfeldts agreement with the greens i might have . 
   as they became more rare to find and eventually gave up . 
  yeah this . 
  and then when i realized there were * alternative means * to get ahold of comics for free i managed to get updated again .
