goddammit , i meant water melons, 
  one of the reason were getting all this is simply because of the backlash against years of the swedenistanization . 
  it has been know for * years * that there has been islamists in the green party . 
  it just so happens that the media was all hush-hush about it . 
  but now the winds have changed and all the mainstream parties are adapting the same policies on immigration that a year ago only the nationalist party advocated . 
  the green party are one of the last holdouts against these reforms and so now they need to be put down . 
  and their opponents are smelling blood in the water . 
  i 've heard it being described as a pumpkin . 
  green on the outside red on the inside brown at the core, 
  and dont forget the highly trained pizzatechnicians, 
  [ i told you to take care of him , not * take care * of him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suygg4pmela ), 
  [ here is the channel \\ ( tv4 \\ ) itself reporting it , with the mail from the turkish embassy ] ( http://tv4gruppen.se/tv4s-medieblogg/valkommen-till-tv4-huset/mediebloggen/viveka-hansson/patryckningar-mot-tv4-fran-turkiets-ambassad/ ) [ the swedish newspaper aftonbladet ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article22692259.ab ) [ expressen ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/turkiets-press-pa-tv4-stoppa-dokumentaren/ ) [ dn ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/turkiska-ambassaden-ville-fa-tv4-att-slopa-dokumentar/ ) [ svd ] ( http://www.svd.se/turkiska-ambassaden-forsokte-stoppa-folkmordsdokumentar ) so . . just about every swedish newspaper , from the very left to the very right reports about this . 
  so please dont just try shrug it away as just putin propaganda just because rt reports it . 
  thank you . 
  yes , this year it is a really dull song , but the kid is charming and a overall good guy so i think thats why he won . 
  i remember reading a travel guide to japan some years ago . 
  the book mentioned that coffee came in two kinds , regular and `` american '' . 
  so i think every country except america brews their strong, 
  this needs to be raised to the top . 
  what if i told you that not all immigrants are from the middle east . 
  false . 
  only 7 % actually voted mp . 
  so 93 % didnt vote for this guy . 
  even if you throw in the 31 % who made it possible for l\u00f6fven to give this guy a minister post , that means there is still 62 % left who wanted someone else to rule . 
  probably one of the vegan options . 
  since it doesnt have any meat they must 've made the tomatosauce thicker by mixing in other stuff like corn and olives . 
  sweden [ pasta in a cup ] ( https://umeavegan.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/pastavagnen.jpg ) you usually have a choice of between 20-30 different sauces, 
  there is also the fact that `` assimilation '' is seen as a bad word in sweden . 
  it might stem from history where the governments idea of assimilation was to forcefully remove roma and sami children and rasie them as `` swedish '' so the expression that is preferred is `` integration '' instead . 
  its basically , `` i am gon na respect your culture and you are going to respect mine '' and that sounds all dandy and all except for that thing where it doesnt work . 
  looks great on paper though . 
  in the 1700s much more so than in the 70s , as finland was an actual part of the swedish empire . 
  it was a part of sweden for 600 years , while it has only been its own nation for less than a century . 
  many finns also speak swedish well enough and some even has it as their first language rather than second . 
  i have more ethnically , historically and culturally in common with an finn whom i have never met and probably will need to speak english to understand than my iranian dentist who has been in sweden for 37 year , more than half his life , and speaks fluent swedish . 
  until recently , we 've never had any cause to do so as we have been for a very long time a very ethnically homogenous country . 
  i guess thats changing now , though, 
  i am not talking about alternative medicines in general , but about homeopathy in specific . 
  while you are technically right , its not the point im debating . 
  except it doesnt . 
  it has proven to be no more effective than the common placebo-effect . 
  probably more like saying that northern ireland is part of great britain . 
  finland is part of fenno-scandinavia , but not scandinavia as thats only sweden-norway-denmark . 
  but its usually included because of its shared history with sweden , being part of it for 700 years or so . 
  just like iceland which was part of denmark until the 1940s but isnt technically scandinavian either . 
  just easier to say `` nordic countries '' though, 
  read the article . 
  he was complicit in murdering syrian soldiers . 
  so send him back to the syrian government . 
  he dont deserve to be locked up in * sweden * though , the crime was done in syria , so he should face justice * there * . 
  im still in a kind of shock that the paper reporting this is aftonbladet, 
  i think the difference between you and me is that i havent a read a much of the comic , so i just judge it on its own merit , and on those merits it is a fantastically funny show . 
  but you are also right in that this isnt lucifer-from-the-comics tv show , this is fox version of lucifer . 
  fox does this all the time . 
  i enjoy the x-men movies as much as the next guy ( i will even admit that the recent f4 had some interesting bits ) but they are not presenting the real characters but somewhat altered versions . 
  ( like wolverine in the wolverine who had no knowledge ( or cared for ) japanese table manner and couldnt speak the language while the comics version speaks it fluently and even trained with samurais and ninjas in the past . ), 
   i do n't think what held people back from trans-oceanic travel was really technology . 
  i 'm pretty sure the right kind of ships to attempt that sort of journey have been around for a long time . 
  people just never thought to sail endlessly off into the unknown . 
  they would n't know how much supplies they 'd need . 
  they did n't think there was anything out there at all . 
  people went to places they knew existed , they did n't just sail off into unknown waters . 
  its quite telling that a number of storys of discoverys starts off with `` discovered by x , when blown off course between place a and place b '' , 
  i usually dont follow police procedurals , ( only one i watch is castle because its pretty funny and full of nerdhumor . ), 
  but lucifer has grown on me . 
  i was hesitant at first as well but i gave it a chance and didnt regret it . 
  its a bizarre and outrageous idea , and somehow it still works . . ( then again , i also like babymetal which is a mix of metal and jpop * which really shouldnt be said in the same sentence * so maybe im just attracted to new and original stuff ), 
  that , or there is simply nothing left to tax . 
  chamberlain , then prime minister of uk , made the following statement in the house of commons already on march 31st , right after the occupation of chechoslovakia ang long before the molotov-ribbentrop pact  . . in the event of any action which clearly threatened polish independence , and which the polish government accordingly considered it vital to resist with their national forces , his majesty 's government would feel themselves bound at once to lend the polish government all support in their power . 
  they have given the polish government an assurance to this effect . 
   i may add that the french government have authorised me to make it plain that they stand in the same position in this matter as do his majesty 's government negotiations continued with meetings already in april , even if the actual signing of the agreement wasnt to be done until 2 days after the pact between germany and soviet union all that is inconsequential however as my point was to confirm that poland was viewed as powerful from a military standpoint at the time . 
  unless the opponents have a even stronger fleet . 
  hi vikings . . 
  funny thing about that is that one way i have heard it described is that as britain and france look around for another ally against hitler ( because they saw what was coming . . ) they decided on poland because they thought poland had a stronger army than russia against german expansion . 
  nobody saw the molotov-ribbentrop pact coming though . . or that russia decided that a soldier wouldnt have to be well-equipped to count as a soldier and that way could field a huge army . 
  another version that explains doing a cheer and the clinking is to make sure everybody drinks at the same time , so that nobody pulls out a knife and stabs you while your vision is obstructed by a huge twohanded mug of ale/beer/mead . 
  kind of funny to see how all these traditions comes from practices to prevent assassinations . . 
  the rally also had some rocks being thrown at a place where a turkish organization holds its meetings ( confirmed by police ) . 
  while this does not at all excuse the shooting , its easy to see how it could have been done in anger/retaliation . 
   fyi white people can go everywhere in malm\u00f6 unless theyre jews, 
  we did in no way `` go bankrupt '' . 
  there was a housing bubble that led to a bank crisis where the government had to go in and bail them out . 
  but the banks were already privatized , so what they did was actually to * nationalize * some banks until the crisis ended . 
  buying stock that they later sold at a profit . 
  we did lose a bit of our gdp and it did lead to a rise in unemployment as people stopped consuming and it got harder to lend money for some time . 
  this was caused by a socialist government though , but because of reasons different from what you might think . 
  the socialdemocrats decided to play right wing and * remove * regulations on banks because they thought in their hubris that swedens economy was so strong and impervious that it could survive anything . 
  secondly , you 're right that immigrants had nothing to do with it at that time , since the rate of immigration to sweden was still very low . 
  this didnt keep a right wing populist party with a anti-immigration agenda to briefly appear between 91-94 getting enough votes to get into the riksdag , but they never had any real influence . 
  i 've started to wonder if assad might not be the syrian leader we ( the west ) want , but he might be the one we * need *, 
  so you 're a nationalist and a socialist . 
  there should be a easier way to express this kind of people . . maybe if we put the two words together !, 
  national . . socialist . 
  hmm . . or maybe not . 
  eh , that would mean sweden would have to deport people coming here in the 70s and 80s . 
  most of them from other places in europe . . 
  and the gripen hasnt ? 
  the current iteration is the e-model . 
  `` dated '' ? 
  umm , the f 16 was introduced in 1978 .
