  corbyn can move the goalposts for awhile yet . 
  ( the blairites tricked him . 
  the press locked him out . 
  the photo was out of context . 
  we do n't need those voters . 
  the party must be purged . ), 
  until then britain is about to be taught a hard lesson in groupthink . 
  point out that his policies involve raising taxes . 
  remind them of his intention to create new government programs and departments . 
  that is irrelevant to the us elections . 
  also , horseshit . 
  tories are free-market fundamentalists who will leave the sick and poor to die . 
  imitation is a form of flattery to r/europe . 
  he pretends to be a new dealer to get youth votes . 
  he 's not , he 's a leninist . 
  you see in the way he inserts wealth redistribution into every question . 
  after 25 years of drip feed propaganda , you bet your ass . 
  i heard once that italy is a giant lab for politics 20 years before everyone else . 
  he 's a monarchist who 's `` just '' of the opinion that if you do n't conform to society than you should be executed . 
  hoppe on steroids . 
   countless flags , the weird nationalism of even the self-called `` progressives '' never been , but the more i learn about turkey , the more it sounds like a pompous place . 
  `` feminism '' has sweet fuck-all to do with this . 
  ( neoreaction is great at peddling frustration and terrible at generating actual proposals . ), 
  democrats are polling even worse than trump . 
  they do n't even play the token gesture of being in opposition ; they pretty much handed the republicans the ability to call a constitutional convention ; they also failed to find a leader who was n't either a placeholder ( perez ) or ~ ~ yzma ~ ~ nancy pelosi . 
  the bench for 2020 is looking fucking bleak , as well . 
  tulsi is promising , but again , she 's pretty much a romney republican who wants to flatten iran . 
  at this rate , trump will win in 2020 with an even smaller share of the popular vote . 
  some people are authoritarian by nature . 
  they would never vote for a leftist party . 
  `` bland works . '', 
  - bill davis, 
  musical comedy, 
  trump assumes that he knows everyone 's job better than they do . 
  he 's a pretty stereotypical ceo . 
   visit auschwitz `` have you thought about turning it into a bar & grill ? '', 
  you 're living in the past , man . 
  * go find me a `` conservative '' journal which does n't refer to it as * old * europe , every time . 
  americans do n't see europe as rivals , they see it as old , perhaps lost . 
  they want to pretend the continent does n't exist . 
   [ you people and your kind ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/9l2da43ijafrq/giphy.gif ), 
  trump leaked mossad intelligence to impress his guests . 
  there , i saved you 12 keystrokes on google . 
  b-i-b-i m-a-d t-r-u-m-p, 
  you 've been going on and on all night about your libertarian views on like six different subreddits . 
  now you want to keep the isrealis sweet ? 
  this is not a conversation , this is a livejournal meltdown . 
  if you ask people on the street , i 'd wager 4 out of 10 people want this country to collapse . 
  nihilism is keeping him in office, 
  it 's a tough job , turning the country into las vegas . 
  give him a break, 
  jimmy ` dnc controls isis '' dorre, 
  uh huh . 
  and who comes after that ? 
  the democrats are a spent force . 
  dwayne the rock johnson ? 
  ted `` greg stillson '' cruz ? 
  mike `` dating a guy , arbeit mach frei '' pence ? 
  what exactly is keeping those scientists here ? 
  jill stein ? 
  she thinks crystals cure cancer and cell phones cause it . 
   hostility with france no more than canada , australia , south america , china , and the rest of europe . 
  edit : oh , and israel . 
  pretty evident he wants to retool the us into some kinda rogue state . 
  and that 's me being optimistic , because at the same time he 's pissing in the faces of our allies , he 's cutting intelligence and emergency services and coastline budgets . 
  we 're not set up to recover from a disaster . 
  then the french are idiots . 
  rome was n't built in a day . 
  there 's other ways to destroy your own country , as you 'll discover . 
  yeah , he ( or rather bannon ) knows the path to power is through a manufactured crisis . 
  * uss great britain * , largest carrier in the american navy , answerable only to commodore trump . 
  you have n't learned a damn thing . 
  exxon pleaded with trump not to leave the paris conference . 
  he did anyways . 
  he is beholden to no one but his base . 
  congress will butter their ass and bend over , like they always have . 
  it 's my impression that both were manipulated by clergymen who convinced them that they were the fingers of god . 
  ^ just could n't resist calling them nazis . 
  maybe you should go tell the leading leftist thinkers , like zizek , greenwald , assange , hedges , and chomsky . 
  i promise you , they are not internationalists . 
  not the ones i 've spoken with or read about . 
  to them , free trade and immigration are tools to drive down wages . 
  foreign workers come here and convert dollars to cheaper currency to send home , which disincentivizes the people in their country from improving their work conditions and taking responsibility for their own growth . 
  you 're talking about the liberal consensus . 
  i 'm talking about the old left : labor movement , socialists . 
  he talks authoritively about europe , but he 's never set foot outside of missouri . 
  please stop . 
  you are embarrassing me . 
  bush made trump possible . 
  nothing in the world has been `` normal '' since 2001, 
   i hate trump but take a drink . 
  just do n't waste another 20 years waiting for the gerontacracy to die off . 
  it does n't work . 
  even our left is mostly euroskeptic/isolationist . 
  `` coal 's coming back , i can feel it ! '', 
   no one had to tell reagan reagan was a drooling invalid . 
  his handlers did everything and everyone knew it at the time . 
  like looking for money under the sofa cushions . 
  does n't matter . 
  when you make the decision to stop being a world power and be a poor regional power , you can afford not to care what the world thinks .
