  it 's why don king and mr. t were so famous , for generations , despite having very little claim to our attention . 
  or opposition to banks/militarism . 
  confirmation bias is a disease of the left , too . 
  i seem to recall you peddling anti-clinton falsehoods during the election . 
  * brb , subverting democracy in france * - jules, 
   kek redpills here , get your extra salty redpills here, 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  how do you quantify such a statement ? 
  murdoch and goldsmith backed brexit . 
  trump is a puppet for bannon and the mercers . 
  there are more important things than money to most people . 
  the rich are no exception . 
  somehow i doubt you do much criticizing . 
  ding ding ding we have a winner, 
  i can smell your tendies burning from here . 
  that 's what people said about clinton and bush . 
  `` muh counterterrorism act of ' 95 . '', 
  there is a tendency to blame america 's woes on centrist democrats , or treat social democracy as some kind of panacea ( `` they never had a worker 's revolution ! '' ) . 
  this is a huge misunderstanding of american culture and , i find , blows up in our faces every time . 
  fact is , this is a reactionary country . 
   `` the only thing worse than a hypocrite is an unemployed one . '', 
  agreed . 
  corbyn is fully aware of his lack of leadership qualities . 
  i think he 's opted to turn those disadvantages into advantages by refusing to change one iota . 
  with the hope that , when a recession comes , the people will conform to his pre-conceptions , instead of vice-versa . 
  i do n't approve of it , but there is logic in it . 
  that 's a lie . 
  labor was opposed to the snooper 's charter . 
  corbyn abstained . 
  do you know why ? 
  because he has an agenda apart from representing the people . 
  scott morrison ( abbott appointee ) brazenly admitted that his party does n't do compromises . 
  these are the * same people * running the government . 
  tony is still in the backbench , pulling strings . 
  obstructionism works . 
  the left has its own opinion makers . 
  tyt , wikileaks , democracy now , the intercept , hedges , nader , west , chomsky . 
  all of them are hugely opposed to nato on principle . 
  i see the same attitude coming from corbyn 's labor party . 
  they think it 's a hostile occupying force and that putin 's standing up for russian sovereignty . 
  with the exception of chomsky , all of them are pro-brexit , as well . 
  ( `` sovereignty '' , again . ), 
  standing next to trump makes him look like jesus christ . 
  i agree with op . 
  trump can move mountains with his amazing majorities , and it 's made obama look bad in comparison . 
  this will have lasting consequences for democracy long after he 's gone . 
  you 're on shaky ground . 
  kosovo is a sore point for americans . 
  ( remember wag the dog ? ), 
  libya is widely considered a mistake . 
  i do n't know what bubble you were living in at the time , but i went to a couple parades in new york city ( may day one of them ) and black people were chanting gadaffi 's name . 
  hillary clinton was caught on tape laughing about his death , sinking her own election chances while doing so . 
  the problem is , bush surrendered our moral authority when he bombed iraq . 
  now any enemy of the west is given carte blanche to do as they please , even assad , because `` military industrial complex '' or some-such , i do n't agree with any of it , i 'm just pointing out the political realities . 
  this is not 1997 . 
  people on r/europe keep saying this . 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  the republicans owe him their ass . 
  ( former gop strategist bruce bartlett agrees . ), 
  more to the point : mercantilism and isolationism are vote-getters . 
  they broke the back of the democrats using the tpp alone . 
  nato is also deeply unpopular with the left as well as right . 
  edit : and as we saw in the uk , conservatives will turn their backs on free trade if it 's politically expedient . 
  one could argue that the public no longer votes for the candidate who improves their quality of life since many of them feel unhappy and unfulfilled anyway . 
  i 'm with u/madstudent . 
  trump has been consistent on two things throughout his life : repeal all trade deals and defund nato . 
  everything else was a stepping stone to those goals . 
   their people are n't utter fools steve bannon would like a word . 
  oh my sweet summer child . 
  republicans were masters of doublethink before reagan . 
   americans troops have just entered cambodia . 
  this is not an invasion . 
  does n't he want to be sultan ? 
  he definitely wants to reshape everything in his own image . 
  i do n't trust him at all ... 
  they admire the ... shall we say , `` finality '' of political decisions in russia . 
  what drivel . 
  predictably upvoted . 
  cognitive dissonance . 
  when you take advantage of someone , you either ^ a ) feel bad about it , or ^ b ) your pride takes over , and you grow to hate them . 
  the lil bastards can campaign for him , dox people , and spread racist propaganda . 
  i doubt that . 
  it would confirm all the fears of puppet-masters holding the strings . 
  it 's the same reason they did n't hand the nomination to romney , as threatened . 
  besides , so far trump has n't done anything to rock the boat . 
  quite the contrary , he converted millions of democrats into republicans . 
  [ guess who else did that . 
  i almost admire their lack of shame . 
  i 'm not debating that the democrats are centre-right . 
  i 'm pointing out that sanders is not `` center-left '' . 
  that 's public relations . 
  even his followers do n't identify as centre-left . 
  day one and already you 're buttering your asshole for trump ? 
  canadians . 
  he 's a socialist , let 's be honest . 
  if he were a social democrat he would have made inroads in washington . 
  he had no interest in that . 
  revolution was on the lips of his followers . 
  go beat off to * art of the deal .
