  they come across as over-compensating for something ... kind of like argentina back in the day . 
  the situations are nowhere near compatible . 
  but we 're still `` brothers in arms '' !, 
  you honestly sound like one of those guys who predicts a race war at the end of each month . 
  people come to europe to gets jobs , or flee destruction . 
  people come to america to get rich . 
  i think that 's a driver of assimilation . 
  a lot of first-generation hispanics had no other choice but to emigrate , so they hide in their little enclaves . 
  but by the second generation or so , they have fully assimilated . 
  ( so there 's at least one argument for a public school system . ), 
  maybe ? 
  there are millions more republican votes to be gained , if only the party would reach out and take them . 
  if trump were out of the way , clinton would probably lose in a landslide . 
  can the same be said of corbyn ? 
  as i understand it , electing a blairite will only delay the inevitable . 
  labour neglected its northern base for too long . 
  cameron seized the center ground , and may certainly is n't about to let go of it . 
  competitive eating . 
  i guess he means corbyn is a russian plant . 
  sanderstein and corbyn both have this `` let 's kill them with kindness '' attitude toward russia . 
  bernie does n't want any part of nato unless russia gets to join . 
  he is a socialist , * not * a democrat ( a detail which r/europe conveniently forgets ) , so it has n't even occurred to him that a russian nato is a contradiction in terms ; he just wants everybody to be happy . 
  it seems that jez shares those beliefs . 
  the goebbelskis . 
  what a stupid comparison . 
  he 's closer to bernie sanders and jill stein on the issues . 
  i 'm a semi-isolationist . 
  i think foreign armies are a powder keg . 
  but most americans do not agree with me . 
  what you 're proposing ( just sitting idly by and letting libya collapse ) was simply not feasible . 
  and congress was unwilling to commit to a plan for rebuilding . 
  so there you are . 
  hillbot here . 
  i feel like i 've been painted into a corner this election cycle . 
  my reasons for voting hillary are , from the standpoint of bob , no different from a trump voter . 
  * she may be a bastard , but she 'll be a bastard for me . 
  * the brouhaha over the clinton foundation is also very troubling . 
  there is n't really any doubt that they used the foundation to benefit themselves and their rich friends . 
  technically her foundation only accepted foreign donations before ( pre-2009 ) and after ( post-2013 ) her time as secretary . 
  this does keep her in correspondence with the * word * of the law , but it 's perfectly understandable that voters do n't like that , especially when the left is attacking trump for his russian connections . 
  i can talk about the intricacies of the banking system until i 'm blue in the face , but the debate is over before it begins . 
  `` glass-steagal '' they tell me . 
  even the clintons ' secret weapon , the minority vote , can be interpreted as a kind of race-baiting . 
  that 's why the answer to most peoples ' prayers is n't hillary , it 's bernie . 
  they do n't see an inexperienced back-bencher with an inflated sense of importance . 
  all they see is a social democrat ( he 's not , he 's a communist ) who promises to turn america into a nordic paradise ( imitation is the best form of flattery ) . 
  and here is the bitter irony . 
  win lose or draw , hillary is winning the election , but losing ground in the battle of ideas . 
  there 's no way the debates in september can compare to the fantasy trump-sanders debates . 
  her presidency will forever pale in comparison to the mythical sanders or trump presidency . 
  then again , i do n't know too many non-whites . 
  the few i have spoken to here in the bronx are pretty vocal in their hillary support . 
  in general , i 've seen more enthusiasm for clinton coming from the non-anglos . 
  there is much less tolerance for corruption on our side . 
   the kremlin 's tv channel like assange did , or buddying with ecuador this kind of thing makes me wonder if the cold war 's on again . 
  hungry for liberation from u.s. hegemony ? 
  ~ ~ grab a snickers ~ ~ just defect to the eastern bloc . 
  you , too , can become a propagandist who swats down any criticism of russia by dragging ~ ~ native americans ~ ~ muslims into the discussion, 
  everything you say is rubbish . 
  hey , genius . 
  congress did nothing but block obama . 
  literally did nothing else for eight years . 
  they had no time left for anything else . 
  he got an awful lot accomplished . 
  a useful heuristic : anyone who says `` trump wo n't get anything done '' is a republican trying to rationalize voting r in the election . 
  that , or trying to launder the candidate . 
  trump is so outwardly repellant that the best we can do is pretend he 'll be a lame duck . 
  this is supposed to win over non americans and small government conservatives but as we 're seeing in the polls the exact opposite has happened . 
  in any case , you should feel ashamed for spreading such nonsense around the foreign subs . 
  poor boy from a poor family . 
  do n't even start with that hamlet routine . 
  you 're being downvoted for being a concern troll . 
  not that we would know anything about that . 
  sigh . 
  we hand out worse punishments for overdue books, 
  to be fair , putin did spoil the ending to the sixth sense for him, 
  summer of ~ ~ sam ~ ~ sergei, 
  there is such a thing as criminal incompetence . 
  the fact that these guys are rewarded for their failures with very handsome payouts ... makes one wonder if we really live in a capitalist society or a socialist one , tailored to the top earners, 
  american checking in . 
  if anything we have an over abundance of democracy . 
  cheers , gordon . 
  he was like jor-el warning the world would explode , and getting laughed at . 
  lanaaaaaaaaaa, 
  you laugh , but sam harris is getting his rocks off right now . 
  so ... do n't buy ? 
  well , ground troops are just not gon na happen . 
  eventually , our governments will forced to make a show of strength . 
  but if isis thinks we 're just going to get so angry that we lose all sense of self preservation , that is dangerously naive at best , and cult propaganda at worst . 
  to quote breaking bad , it can be done , just not in the way you want it . 
  it 's like a do not enter sign . 
  it begs you to walk through the door . 
  as anyone who has played hitman 3 knows , the gendarme will tear your ass up . 
  you forgot fucking orban . 
  if putin is stalin , then trump is hoxha . 
  a preening lackey who does more harm than he helps . 
  like a harp from hell !, 
  why does everyone swallow this falsehood . 
  it 's about deutschmarks . 
  dollars .
