  voters would never have tolerated that . 
  certainly bush never wanted to stick around as long as he did . 
  iraq was estimated to be a `` cakewalk '' after the sanctions . 
  these neo-cons just did n't have a clue . 
  at the end of the day , we 're americans . 
  we do n't like occupying other countries for 5 , 10 , 20 years on end . 
   destroy iraq for 10 years via `` peaceful '' sanctions ok , so we should continue giving money and food to saddam so he can use it to reward his friends , punish his enemies and ignore ( read : starve ) everyone else . 
  what 's the difference between not doing anything or imposing sanctions ? 
  to the lefties , i repeat my earlier point : iraq was not our responsibility . 
   receiving therapy and the state being concerned of your wellbeing this reminds me of * demolition man . 
  uk wants the best of both worlds . 
  a guy in a savile row suit who prefers beer to port . 
  order chicken salad , get chicken shit, 
  we 've heard the same bilge about bush ( he brought freedom to the mideast and then fell on his sword ) , and i do n't believe that , either . 
  those men are sock puppets . 
   he 's sort of the opposite of obama . 
  more like cameron . 
  both are scions , one born in a country where elites are detested . 
  the other born in a country where you ca n't get ahead in life without the right accent . 
  neither has any political acumen , their one skill is public relations . 
  they 're coming to take me away , ha ha, 
  not only do we underestimate russia today , we devour it . 
  it 's raw and `` unbiased '' news you ca n't get anywhere else . 
  a little surprising , given that al-jazeera never got a foothold . 
  ca n't it be both ? 
  we need to start making motorized patriots , double quick . 
  well , actually you forgot erdogan and orban . 
  the greens in the us are pretty similar . 
  they keep calling for a `` dialog '' with russia , but their leaders are old hippies who still think nixon is president . 
  i had a kid try to convince me that national socialism deserved another shot . 
  calling someone a fascist is the new `` get off my lawn '' . 
  these guys act and sound like greasers from a 50 's movie . 
  the dubya years soured everyone on regime change . 
  now its all about `` anti-imperialism. , '' and the status quo gets a point in it favor , no matter what . 
   i doubt he envisioned that his detractors would have actually swallowed it . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learned in the last 6 months , it 's `` politicians are useless cowards . '', 
  i would n't put it past this government . 
  they play dirty pool but they play to win . 
  she 's got nothing to gain from a neverendum . 
  if i were may , i 'd quietly ` prop up ' a toothless opposition , like corbyn . 
  better that than nurturing a new party who could dish out real damage . 
  without brexit on the table , third parties have no chance . 
  lock up the addict , but let the pusher go free . 
  how do you say `` sunk coast fallacy '' in german ? 
  they got their man into canberra last year , with predictable results . 
  it 's funny how protective reddit gets whenever goldman 's name comes up . 
  apparachick turned banker . 
  it happened all the time after the ussr broke up . 
  they used to call it the god that failed syndrome . 
  all of those bureaucrats ended up running banks . 
  it 's actually shocking how many believe that corporate tax is still too ~ ~ damn ~ ~ high , or that taxing the middle and lower class will repay the deficit faster . 
  i mean , if that 's the case then everyone 's fucked , because citizens ca n't shoulder all the burden indefinitely . 
  it 's self rationalization for a broken model which no one has the will to change . 
  innovation is low on the list of priorities . 
  i find companies will cut back on productivity in exchange for greater control over staff . 
  minister of paternity maury povich . 
  i actually agree with you : a large part of what made china so competitive in the nineties was their planned economy . 
  so may differ on that ; a lot of us have very strong feelings about planned economies . 
  do they work , do they not work ? 
  i 'd say that they largely do , but planned economies tend to be favored by tyrannical governments . 
  obviously china had embraced capitalism within a certain ` ceiling ' which was better in the long run than our libertarian model . 
  but that 's irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  you said that the american media is hostile to china because it is a successful model of something . 
  maybe you can make a case that cuba , say , is a successful model of something ; or the nhs before it was privitised . 
  but i 'm over here scratching my head wondering what china is a successful model of . 
  the chinese are our biggest economic and military rival in the pacific . 
  and the public does n't seem to have much interest in establishing closer ties with china , unlike some russian sympathisers on the left . 
  so the result is , china is viewed with great suspicion . 
  the past couples of years the chinese have also been buying up swaths of real estate and utilities , not just here but in britain and australia . 
  just about everyone can find something to dislike about china . 
  the far left hates them because they 've modeled themselves on a sickly imitation of free market capitalism . 
  the left hates them because of tibet , north korea , or their human rights abuses . 
  the right hates them because we are locked in an arms race with the chinese navy . 
  the far right hates them because the idea of borrowing money from a foreign power is anathema to them . 
  about the only supporters of china that i find are the steve jobs types , libertarians who envy their low-wage factories . 
  but i do n't pay attention to fox news , either , even if they `` report '' what rt omits . 
  the problem with your approach is that you inevitably end up discarding relevant info , as chris hedges described in his book war is a force which gives us meaning . 
  edit : found the passage :  by the time the british had landed on the falklands and were rolling over the poorly supplied and ill-clad argentine soldiers , the argentine public had retreated into a mythic world ... there was no hint in the national press that the argentine forces were being defeated . 
  it appeared that the british were losing the war . 
  when the argentine forces surrendered it hit the country like a tidal wave . 
  do n't * you * start . 
  give it a rest . 
  you are really bad at this . 
   we do n't trust our media outlets no , you simply assume all msm is lying and corrupt . 
  that way you can cherry pick facts to your liking . 
  yeah , they 're doing so splendidly that their stocks went tits up . 
  and our bad press has nothing to do with china 's cartoonishly repressive government , poisoned air , or lack of regard for human life . 
   just anti-russian propaganda because rt are the real victims in all this !, 
  this is really sad . 
  i almost prefer the shitposts from the_donald to the whinging of putin bootlickers . 
  it 's almost as if nations are n't moral actors , or something . 
  if only there was a german word for that ... , 
  just like casablanca . 
  that 's kind of badass . 
  merkel : you do n't have an uncle paddy ... clinton : you lied to me !, 
  * hits putin with a skillet *, 
  thank you , sir , may i have another ? 
  it 's still weird to see reddit ordering kids their age and younger into the salt mines ... 
  is this satire ? 
  this is n't a `` pc '' opinion ( i 'm sure turks have many fine qualities ) , but their defining characteristic lately is their persecution complex .
