  cheap labor and votes . 
   especially among the poor and uneducated . 
  christopher knowles posted something which sticks with me : ( paraphrased ) religion has survived this long because it offers a good product to people who are down on their luck . 
   and he just happened to have a machete on him ? 
  what , you never had the urge to trim some hedges ? 
  or trouble opening a beer bottle ? 
  with an invincibility shield !, 
  when putin employs `` political judo '' , he reaches for this week 's news , not something from fifteen fucking years ago . 
  this whole saga has been a poor imitation of putinism, 
  `` we do n't know who struck first , us or them , but we do know it was merkel who gave the robots visas . '', 
  i do n't think western civilization , as we 've known and cared about it , will last for much longer . 
  most of my idols , thinkers , techno philosophers , and essayists i 've been following all my life , have more or less mumbled out the same conclusion ... that said , i do think the comparisons to rome are overblown . 
  if anything we are seeing a rejection of western values from the westerners themselves . 
  with the added dash of having very little control . 
  i 'm sure that if most americans had their way , we would elect a retired u.s. army general , or someone with real foreign policy chops . 
  instead , we have a popular contest where 17 grown men hurl custard pies at each other until one is left standing . 
  i 'm an avid follower of that sub , there are a healthy number of blairites about . 
  especially now , in the wake of the referendum . 
   did you really have that much faith in president bush ? 
  here on reddit , you still see people playing `` armchair quarterback '' , talking of iraq like it was a failure of execution . 
  not the original decision to go in . 
  r/unitedkingdom has the same knee-reaction when blair 's name comes up . 
  they do n't like him , yet feel compelled to defend him . 
  which suggests to me the following : people crave an authoritarian leader , but do n't really care who occupies that position . 
  it can be a strong-man like putin , or a `` trust fund kid '' like bush , or a wannabe mobster like donald trump . 
  it 's the rhetoric which matters . 
  indeed , trump supporters are now insisting ( indeed , promising ) that he wo n't act on any of his campaign slogans . 
  do they believe it ? 
  does it matter ? 
  not really , they just want to project strength to our neighbors . 
   `` those who do n't learn from the past are doomed to repeat it '' ironically santayana is pretty much forgotten except for that one quotation . 
  as they say in my country , * some muthafuckas always tryin ' to ice skate uphill . 
  a whole lotta body bags . 
  maybe this is a clumsy comparison , but it reminds me of pinochet . 
  no one knows what is going on in his head ( or will ever know ? ) . 
  my best guess is , he wants an islamic state as a springboard to a semi-competent putin state . 
  he 's had ample opportunity to dismantle the secular government . 
  on some level , he still needs it . 
  i was n't there , and if i was there , i was asleep . 
  do n't forget `` drive the german economy into such deep debt that voters have no choice but to cut other expenditures . '', 
  americans see this acted out 365 days a year , you guys are getting your first taste of it, 
  it 's like a sickness !, 
  he ca n't help himself . 
  r/the _ donald is that way, 
   that will take another 15 years ... shit . 
   do n't make the same mistake canadians did and replaced harper [ mfw ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/ryan-gosling-laughing.gif ), 
  sweet mother of god, 
   telenovelas * laughs in german *, 
  no pickle will go un-stabbed . 
  to a paranoid schizophrenic , sure . 
  that 's not me , sport , that 's your martyrdom . 
  how many episodes did jimmy dore stop the discussion in its tracks to warn about war with russia ? 
  to say nothing of their twitter feed . 
  by november , they came within a cunt-hair of endorsing trump , saying he would be the `` safer '' choice at the rate you guys are distorting facts , you honestly are no better than the trump subreddit . 
   basically a nobody but he is the ultimate purist ron paul again . 
  nothing new under the sun , it seems . 
  by the end , the standard line was that hillary is some kind of madwoman who wants to spark world war iii . 
  this was a common refrain by the young turks , for instance . 
  i saw left-leaning subs ( politics , s4p , and others ) devouring breitbart and infowars articles without question . 
  i remember the 2000 election vividly , and no matter what anyone says , bush did n't win , the progressives lost . 
  they declared open war and have been chipping away at the left ever since . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wwcpvoedfe ), 
  i remember . 
  the dems were terrified of cruz because he 's our own le pen ; he 'd been laying the groundwork for it his whole life . 
  when trump killed his bid , everyone felt like we dodged a bullet . 
  but his backers simply switched allegiance to trump , and `` never trump '' was a head fake , so here we are . 
  ted 's still malignant as ever , though . 
  he probably * will * be worse than trump , because he 's patient and clever . 
  started from the bottom , now we 're ( still ) here, 
  pissweak argument . 
  if the uk can vote ( by however slim a margin ) to manage their own affairs , losing out on lucrative trade deals in the process , then scotland can , too . 
  you 're salty because they wo n't click their boots for corbyn like wales does, 
  `` it 's a really nice mustache , though '', 
  in a neighboring country ( dumbfuckastan ) to the ones who produced it , yes . 
  were you alive in the reagan years ? 
  they had a cover of him looking like some sort of madman with missiles looming over his head , and the title said `` terror against terror '' , which i think originated with the gestapo . 
  you wo n't have le pen to kick around anymore, 
  that 's the idea . 
  but bannon is a different political animal . 
  he wants to cut off communication between nations , and offer them a `` take it or leave it '' , peace or war attitude . 
  then he wants to infect other nations with that attitude . 
  to foster nationalism and self-reliance . 
  any sort of dysfunction ( foreign or domestic ) helps that along . 
  whatever pleases you , u/segasaurus . 
  you never refute anything said about trump , because you ca n't . 
  you just apply judo to the left to denigrate their position . 
  trump called iraq a failure , and won . 
  now t_d is trying to downplay iraq , to make bush seem less awful than he actually was . 
  makes me sick . 
  g7 1/2 : the final insult, 
   you were n't -- because you were banned fucking lol . 
   tweeted about it they did more than that . 
  [ blood ... and semen ... but mostly blood blood blood blood bloooooood !, 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/wikileaks/status/794450623404113920?lang=en ) that 's when the blogosphere took notice . 
  like it or not , wl is the most trusted name in news , and their twitter has the tacit approval of ~ ~ god ~ ~ assange himself . 
  sounds a lot like assange . 
  one , when you walk into a boardroom with your hair combed straight up into the air , it sends a message of `` fuck you , this is my house and i 'll do what i want . '', 
  second , it ensures you are the focus of attention . 
  it 's kinda like in the old movies where a guy with a turban will always be standing in a crowd of vips . 
  ( in fact , gore vidal in his memoir said you always stay close to `` a man with a turban because they are sure to be photographed '' . ),
