i see england is sending its best and brightest . 
  you go after the parents , not the victims . 
  this blows . 
  plus a semester is too short to pop the question and too long to casually call it quits . 
  i replied to all posters on the thread , one by one . 
  before i was finished the last post i tried to reply to was deleted . 
  story deleted !, 
  `` local news '', 
  story deleted !, 
  `` local news '', 
  story deleted !, 
  `` local news '', 
  story deleted !, 
  `` local news '', 
  story deleted !, 
  `` local news '', 
  it 's `` smaller '' in scope , but enough to confirm something is wrong with some of the new imports . 
  it is legal in some countries . 
  news also on [ the independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-sexual-assault-music-festival-cologne-darmstadt-a7057416.html ) but it keeps getting deleted for various reasons . 
  annndd ... 
  it 's gone . 
  why ? 
  it has n't disappeared from / r/worldnews yet , which is also pretty unbalanced in its mods ' attitudes . 
  euro rates are negative . 
  they can do it as easily as the us . 
  the decision is purely dogmatic . 
  if you have this luxury yes . 
  because they 're basically particle board with veneer paper . 
  a social system is not something you can switch on and off . 
  but i agree something is broken that has prevented france from fully recovering . 
  but its not the weight of its social system france has always had crisis and recoveries , and it has always followed the same pattern as the rest of the world . 
  what gives then ? 
  the counter-keynesian policies of the morons in brussels . 
  instead of initiating a wave of qes in 2009 like the us , they launched a massive cost-cutting disaster . 
  of course france can afford it 's protection system , just like 40 years ago , 30 years ago , 10 years ago . 
  the difference is moronic eu policies . 
  were i versed on conspiracies i 'd say the dogmatic chicago school aficionados in brussels designed this austerity precisely to kill the best and most efficient social system in the ocde . 
  frexit now !, 
  funny a few weeks ago i mused that the unintended consequence of visa free travel would be erdogan `` cleansing '' turkey of its kurds by shipping them as refugees ... 
  good for you . 
  the 5 billy i have just built at a friend 's place look like they 're gon na die a painful death of we ever unscrew anything . 
  france is doing pretty well . 
  it is resilient thanks to its massive social protection system . 
  actually yes , france has had to deal with more stringent cost cutting measures , which is crippling the recovery . 
  one prominent yet unknown move : the central government unilaterally decided to cut `` dotations aux r\u00e9gions '' which was a way to redistribute national tax income to regional entities and rebalance wealth between wealthy and less wealthy regions . 
  to put it in parallel with the us system , the federal government will maintain an administrative presence equally in all states which means the taxpayers of california , ny and others are helping poorer rural states like mississipi or montana through payroll of government employees and maintenance of government infrastructure . 
  the french do something similar and it worked great !, 
  why stop it ? 
  the result has been 1 ) wide cuts in local investments ( meaning less jobs ) and 2 ) wild increases of local taxes . 
  people are poorer and getting less for their money . 
  just like spain or greece . 
  how many times have you moved them , if i may ask ? 
  great first step . 
  now if they could sell furniture that could last a half century ... young people move every couple of years . 
  ikea stuff will not survive 2 moves if it has to be disassembled . 
  i do not know any piece of ikea furniture around me older than 15 years ... 
  you 've never belonged . 
  fuck those roman invaders . 
  these guys came out of nowhere and wrapped themselves into the cultural toga of the ancient greek . 
  what if the greeks showed up in egypt and started to ape the venerable pharaoh culture ? 
  til the eu is just an expansion of the napol\u00e9on empire but with baltic states and some.of scandinavia, 
  make norway whole again, 
  they mean constantinopoleou , right ? 
  funny , i live in a beach town on the french mediterranean and have seen no impact . 
  no gas lines . 
  no transportation mess . 
  no massive protests . 
  the news outlets need something to print and they will blow everything out of proportion . 
  life is still very sweet in the midi . 
  now terrorism is still a possibility . 
  but 50 times more people die in car crashes than in terror attacks . 
  not that it 's not a concern . 
  i am not thinking twice before getting behind the wheel , i am certainly not gon na worry when i sit at a sidewalk caf\u00e9 in paris or montpellier . 
  france is a pretty good compromise . 
  spending the whole summer there . 
  spain, 
  my best friend dated a few spanish guys . 
  something she really hated is that they would all live with their mother , even they had decent jobs . 
  8 years of austerity . 
  is it working yet ? 
  then basically the best campaign support the eu can provide is by not being itself for a few weeks . 
  yet more reasons to vote for brexit . 
  well , there was a world war going on and the us was about to get involved . 
  geopolitics was a blank canvass at this point , totally disrupted by massive battles and 10s of millions of people displaced . 
  and do what with the germans ? 
  yes , because using 12 for `` inch-to-foot '' and 16 for `` oz-to-lb '' is n't confusing enough . 
  they had to go middle-of-the road with 14 lbs !, 
  it 's a cave and there were bears . 
  any chance this could be a circle of fire to keep the bears out ? 
  then they used the stalagmite stones to keep the torches up ? 
  researchers will always look for a spiritual explanation , but a practical one could also be given . 
  maybe this is how you guys got your weird weight measurement . 
  some people need liberating around here . 
  but first , a nap . 
  shots fired, 
  for strikes , you are blocking someone 's business either directly or indirectly . 
  but there is no direct benefit taken from the strike itself . 
  say pepsi decides to create a union inside coca cola , then strikes to shut down coca cola . 
  there would be profiteering from a strike and this would probably not pass the muster test . 
  for the cgt the benefit they researched was the spreading of their ideas , not a proper direct labor dispute .
