  the employed ones at least, 
  safe from germans , that is, 
  paris is fairly safe overall . 
  source : i have a crash pad in the worst possible area ( goutte d'or ) and am a white us/fr bi-national male who has never had any problems even coming back drunk at 3am . 
  since safety is not a big issue , what really matters is finding an area that fits your personal taste . 
  personally i love the batignolles area , rue levis , rue cler , the marais area ( blancs manteaux , archives , village saint paul ) , place saint andre des arts , saint sulpice , rue daguerre . 
  they all feel like small villages . 
  i know i should have avoided your mom . 
  she costs too much and those penicillin shots are killing me . 
  the metro line squats have been secured i think . 
  they were barricaded from what i personally saw yesterday . 
  i would avoid the goutte d'or section for someone who is not used to an all out street mess . 
  otherwise it 's fairly safe if you look like you belong ( not a tourist gazing around and looking for his way ) . 
  stalingrad itself is very safe . 
  yes there are shady types . 
  but there are also sidewalk cafes , all sorts of people hanging out . 
  everyone looks at canada but the boreal forests in siberia are also at risk of burning away . 
  with climate change comes landscape transformation . 
  it depends how old you are . 
  if you 're in your 20s i would say tough luck since the sea is rising . 
  if you 're in your 40s or 50s they still have room for old coots . 
  tight skin , loose women . 
  or is it the other way around ? 
  british have a very distorted view of the continent . 
  it 's all the water around them and the beer inside them . 
  british tabloid probably ... 
  did we annex canada already ? 
  good song , some french bashing . 
  they could n't lose . 
  eurovision is a giant private joke . 
  they all know the music is based on the lowest common taste and so cheesy it becomes gay fetish . 
  it 's not a statue but an 1880s steampunk listening device . 
  take that , nsa . 
  that cheesy music though . 
  i have lived in a `` railroad '' apartment in sf . 
  roughly 5m wide . 
  it was still livable and had one giant corridor that awkwardly connected to all the rooms on one side except the kitchen at the back . 
  but the rooms were still of decent size . 
  with 4m minus wall thickness you really have to be smart about access to light ... 
  hear hear, 
  not wrong . 
  they are too conservative . 
  managing everything like retirees . 
  but they just imported new germans from the smart people factory . 
  plus they are the baby making kind . 
  germany is safe !, 
  ok then when all is said and done you end up at 10000 pounds a square meter . 
  that 's steep but 1m houses are not uncommon are n't they ? 
  definitely . 
  same suffering . 
  [ where are all the women ] ( https://youtu.be/zqc7mvzqnfo ) ? 
  that songs also begs the question as to where are the men , 
  in san francisco the typical lot is 25ft or 7.5 m. 
  rooms are usually 4m wide . 
  4m is tight but doable if you save on corridors and make a good flow . 
  yes but a 2 bedroom that would rent for $ 2200 in paris would rent for $ 3200 in nyc . 
  now if you go to san francisco , expect to shell around $ 4000 . 
  all usd . 
  source : am landlord in both sf and paris . 
  life is really good . 
  in the silicon valley they qualify this gender imbalance as a sausagefest . 
  fun fact : when discount food supermarkets started coming to paris in the 80s , i suddenly gained roughly 6-7 % purchasing power overall . 
  yes . 
  sf would be higher than nyc . 
  rents are ridiculous up there . 
  they take nyc as the 100 and add la and chicago . 
  but they fail to show san francisco which overtook nyc a few years ago . 
  so worth it / s, 
  nope , there is no democracy in the eu . 
  open your eyes . 
  countries on the winning end of the eu will not recognise it , but this lack of accountability is utterly undemocratic . 
  the eu is deeply flawed and slanted towards corporate lobbyists and tax cheats . 
  the people are left holding the bag , crushed under the weight of sovereign debt . 
  i voted against the lisbon rag in 2005 . 
  a majority of voters did it in my country , saying a resounding no to further loss of sovereignty . 
  guess what , the vote was non binding and the treaty was ratified anyway . 
  after that point , many understood that this eu was an undemocratic fraud . 
  i hope so . 
  the eu ( aka germany ) has had too much unchecked power . 
  only a major event can open their eyes . 
  though they are so self-absorbed i doubt this will be enough . 
  every couple of days we get a veiled threat . 
  that 's what is tiring . 
  btw , not a british , but in favor of brexit , grexit , frexit and everyonexit . 
  the non-democratic nature of the european commission is a huge issue . 
  and the eu can not get its shit together which means germany is essentially the de facto ruler of an entity 7 times larger than her . 
  at this point a major revamp is required and the eu must be given a big dose of reality . 
  erdogan talks too fucking much . 
  says his ~ ~ goat ~ ~ wife . 
  at one point brits are gon na be tired of the fear mongering and say `` dare '' . 
  paris on his kneecap, 
  well a lot of muslim fundamentalists are seeking in religious order the power they can not have the conventional way . 
  think the european born islamists from the 2nd generation of migrants : be nothing in the current world or some big shit in the holy war . 
  at least until a drone locks you in , 
  it all depends on your definition of conservative . 
  some movements can be economical conservative ( less taxes , less spending ) . 
  others can be social conservatives ( go towards more strict code of conduct , which is usually religious-oriented like the gop in the us ) . 
  erdogan is an autocrat in the making . 
  and he claims to be a moderate islamist . 
  now is he more an ottoman expansionist/nationalist or a closeted muslim fundamentalist ?
