  we are not talking about strike there . 
  they `` asked '' press reps to print their leader 's article , else they would block their newspapers from being distributed . 
  and they made good on their threat . 
  in short they are imposing something that benefits them under threat of financial harm . 
  racketeering , right ? 
  in the us i think they have anti-racketeering laws that would prevent this from happening . 
  as a coder previously in the fidi in sf , i loved sharing the elevator with suits while donning my old navy t-shirt and birkenstock , knowing i probably made more than them . 
  simply look at zuckerberg or page or brin . 
  not many ties among the top 10 wealthiest people . 
  people who ca n't live without a tie have obvious self-confidence issues . 
  i was looking for someone who has n't been captured yet ( and probably never will ) . 
  goebbels is dead . 
  the greeks learned the real nature of the eu last year with their referendum . 
  they voted no to the austerity plan , and still got served with a worse plan after . 
  `` punished '' for daring to express their will . 
  you 'd better vote for either soylent red or soylent blue , or else you become soylent green . 
  found joseph mengele, 
  rekt, 
  fight against the taliban, 
  do you guys need liberating again ? 
  autocorrect plus ignorance = my bad . 
  corrected . 
  there are 3 different things there : 1 - circumstantial evidence ( ancient sailors ) 2 - indirect observations ( calculations and measurements ) 3 - direct proof ( circumnavigation by magellan ) remember the catholic faith fought tooth and nail at any new discovery . 
  hard proof was necessary . 
  edit : fuck autocorrect . 
  germany , please stay away from this ;p, 
  or northern northern france, 
  then what do you do about the mayo ? 
  you can not have fries without mayonnaise . 
  better idea : set up a watering hole with trappist beer and watch the belgians gather and loosen up and sing chansons paillardes . 
  on paper yes, 
  on paper yes, 
  make normandy great again, 
  wow . 
  germany was a mess . 
  remember : the earth was proven round thanks to portugal . 
  they explored the world when no one else would . 
  we will always be grateful . 
  there 's probably the fact that people tend to go to pubs and bars where wine is not the only option . 
  france , italy and spain thank you . 
  just like andorra . 
  i guess it 's croatia , slovenia then france . 
  andorra : most likely day shoppers who go there for cheaper booze and cigarettes . 
  perfect broken english , proving again the good old stereotype . 
  it 's very easy to figure what genre you should use for a word . 
  look under the skirt and you should see for yourself if it 's a le ( masculine ) or a la ( feminine ) . 
  you can also touch , though this will be frowned upon by the more upscale words . 
  since there are very few legal ways to immigrate to the eu , the best way is the good old `` foot in the door '' of showing up uninvited . 
  and this can not be done without networks of human traffickers . 
  people who can work on one side . 
  people who can be prostituted on the other . 
  turkey has a couple of unresolved issues , one of which being kurdistan . 
  kurds are already a big chunk of the turk nationals who move to western europe . 
  i can perfectly see turkey squeezing the kurds and using the ( tbd ) visa waiver program to get rid of as much as they can and ship them as refugees on western europe 's lap . 
  also , most educated middle class turks who get frustrated by the european 's flip-flopping forget that they have a huge reservoir of poor workers in their backyard . 
  turkey gains almost 1m citizen every year and a lot of it is from the poor areas . 
  this scares the shit out of european countries who already have so many problems integrating their muslim populations . 
  the relationship with the nl is about the general attitude in the eu that `` we 're at peace forever now '' , forgetting that the world is a complex and quickly changing place . 
  they have lost their natural defenses that were acquired empirically over the centuries . 
  i threw a few names out there to see if they stuck . 
  maybe others will come up . 
  the netherlands is like the woman at 1am in the tube who will come close to friendly looking strong males so that she will feel safe ? 
  another thing : the belgians might want to invade the nl to teach them how to make proper beer . 
  turkey in 2016 is a very different turkey from 1999 . 
  in 1999 it was hyperinflationary , technologically backwards , but secular and very friendly . 
  today its economy has grown , and they have caught up to western standards in almost everything . 
  but it is also nationalistic , more and more islamist and probably has secret expansionary views . 
  in 17 years , where will be turkey ? 
  let 's not forget it still has a very strong demography and tensions at some point could lead to an expansionary phase . 
  this is what happens when you have a `` rebirth '' of an ancient empire . 
  the people were frustrated of having been on top prior to the losses of the 1800s ( they lost all of northern africa , all of arabia , greece , etc. . . ) then being a footnote power in the 20th century , ultimately becoming a country that had to export its workers to rich countries for the remittance money . 
  these frustrations probably run deep and nationalism should n't be discounted . 
  plus europeans are just not ready to accept a muslim country into the eu , and they fear having even more muslims in their own territory , which means they 'll never come through with all the promises ... 
  the distrust of the turks towards europeans will be justified , and this could lead to a serious anti-european sentiment and a will to reconquer what was lost . 
  any nation should be able to defend itself . 
  of course nowadays we can not see where the threat could be coming from . 
  that 's a bit shortsighted . 
  russia , iran , turkey , the is . 
  any of them could become a direct threat in the next 10 or 20 years . 
  another thing : there 's also the need to project your force overseas . 
  the french and the brits are doing it for the rest of europe , fighting the is on 2 continents . 
  at least countries that want to stay non-violent should pay for the armies of the people who are ready to put their lives and ressources on the line to defend europe . 
  brexit sympathizers are tired of all the bullying from the eu and want to call it quits . 
  juncker 's argument is ... to bully them ... just perfect . 
  cue all the kebab , spices and explosive diarrhea jokes . 
  followed by copious amounts of self-flogging . 
  what did he have in his hand in picture 3 ? 
  what 's the context ? 
  i am certain that `` plane ( s ) known to spontaneously disintegrate '' are not flying off the shelves at the air shows . 
  he could have said `` floating ability '' , but we 're not talking rubber ducks here . 
  buoyancy is the proper maritime term . 
  if by `` migrant '' you mean 2nd or 3rd generation north african from the suburbs , then this is correct . 
  source : friend who works at cdg . 
  now kiss, 
  i would have preferred her not allowing the case to be tried . 
  it was her prerogative . 
  she let this bappen, 
  good job , angela . 
  the question is not whether erdogan did or did not fuck his girlfriend goat , but whether it was funny or not . 
  my humble opinion : more sad than funny .
