  i would like to mention , calling your kid adolf in france would be reaaaally weird . 
  i 'm french , i defnitely would n't care if people insulted our flag because in my opinion , it 's one of the coolest flags . 
  i 've never seen that . 
  of course we say things like `` where 's the cat ? 
  '' , `` what is the dog named ? '', 
  but i 've never seen it being its name . 
  except from my cousins ' cat which is named `` le chat '' but in finnish ( i wo n't try writing in finnish on the internet ! ), 
  so it 's not even recognizable . 
  no , by closeness as op asked . 
  i feel much closer to fellow bretons than from other french people . 
  yeah i drink that all the time in france . 
  i 'm definitely going to share this everywhere . 
  my friends find the taste too strong . 
  well it 's no good beer but it 's not water so i prefer that !, 
  we do n't need it as we only receive the amount we have to pay , and we can pay by check at the nearest tr\u00e9sor public or even online i think . 
  accountants are only for very rich people or companies . 
  i do n't know if it 's a joke because methanol is toxic even though it seems to have the same effect as ethanol ... ? 
  i highly recommand maximator if you want to be drunk for cheap . 
  50 cl , 11,6 % , for 1 $ 50 . 
  to be fair the notary system is pretty old and changing . 
  many professions have such privileges and it 's difficult to change anything in france because if everybody agrees that privileges should be suppressed , nobody wants his own privileges to be suppressed . 
  another example of privileged professions in france . 
  if you work for the national train company for example you can retire early . 
  [ education ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_law_notary#education ) it 's different from an attorney even if it seems close . 
  but basically they do the legal work , you do n't need an attorney or anything to buy property . 
  you look for it with a real estate agency , and the notary makes all the legal paperwork to validate the transaction . 
  you 'd need an attorney only if you had a legal problem , like if you think some of the paperwork was incorrect and now there 's a problem , or for a divorce amongst other things . 
  in france , the notary ca n't settle wherever he wants . 
  the d\u00e9partement notaries office has to chose a successor to an office whose notary is retiring . 
  but you can propose a successor to your own office , so you can often guarantee your child a well paying job this way . 
  in wifi , in france i got 3mb/s up to 8mb/s . 
  in austria where i am now i can download at 3mb/s ( but it 's a student residence so i do n't really know the performances ) . 
  it 's pretty good when you live in a big city . 
  when you get further into the countryside it can becompe bad ( but never more expensive , it 's just a worse connection , except for a few areas that ca n't get any connection but they 're very rare ), 
  a notary in france has the function of making things official . 
  for example for a wedding contract , heritages and everything . 
  it requires a professional qualification with a long internship or a master 's degree with a smaller internship . 
  these guys earn a shitton of money ( average of 13k $ per month ) . 
  so a lot of them even retire very early ( around 45-50 ! ), 
  real estate agents only prepare the documents and offer advertising for what they sell , they help clients visit houses and appartments and everything . 
  they also make the paperwork for when you just want to lease your property . 
  yeah being a notary is really avantaged in france . 
  it 's very often an hereditary position too because you can propose a successor to you ( you ca n't settle wherever you want so less comp\u00e9tition too ) . 
  [ france ] ( http://www.french-property.com/reference/buying_a_property_in_france.htm ), 
  yeah we do n't sue anyone because they got sick or injured themselves . 
  the only things where you can sue is if you get food poisoned . 
  a 14yo kid got food poisoned by a quick fast-food a while ago . 
  the manager was sued , and got innocented . 
  prior to this law it was illegal ( like in many other countries ) but many poor people stole the food in the garbage ( like in many other countries ) . 
  some supermarkets had to put a lot of bleach in the garbage to make sure nobody stole food from the garbage . 
  the law just made it possible ( and mandatory ) to stop wasting unsold food and i really ca n't understand how you would n't like poor people to get free food . 
  it 's not food that is dangerous to eat , the dates on the package are 90 % of the time incorrect . 
  in france many people pour milk into their bowl of cereal . 
  i personally do n't because i do n't like the texture of the cereal after this , but you would n't get weird looks . 
  so you are as close with ukraine as you are with north korea ? 
  i 'd say : tier 0 : brittany tier 1 : france tier 2 : belgium , switzerland , luxemburg tier 3 : qu\u00e9bec , spain , italy , portugal tier 4 : uk , ireland , germany , netherlands , denmark , sweden , norway , finland , greece tier 5 : iceland , austria , hungary , poland , baltic countries , czech republic , romania , bulgaria , ukraine and any eastern europe country i forgot , tier 6 : us , rest of canada , australia , nz tier 7 : balkans countries , morocco , tunisia , japan tier 8 : latin america , algeria , former french colonies in africa tier 9 : india , south korea , lebanon , israel , russia , turkey tier 10 : sea , rest of african countries tier 11 : china , iran , syria , iraq , saudi arabia , yemen , oman , well , all those muslim countries that i have n't mentionned before tier 12 : north korea sorry if i forgot some countries . 
  i did that list quickly so i might have made some mistakes, 
  i do n't know if it 's really hatred . 
  it might just be the same case as you have with germans , or we ( france ) have with germany or the uk . 
  they have a lot of history in common but they are still pretty close because of their culture and well , their history . 
  well you definitely eat a lot of them especially when you 're a kid and it 's in every bakery . 
  you do n't eat them daily though, 
  not being excited or anything but i think he 's pretty popular in france . 
  we hear about the jokes he makes , he 's a democrat , and he 's black . 
  we do n't really know when he comes to france so we do n't really care though . 
  * sssshhh do n't tell the americans *, 
  personally it makes me sad that a french-speaking group is dominated by some british . 
  even if i 'd love that every nation had its own country , i believe that independance everywhere is not the way to go . 
  i think big regional unions of nations is necessary . 
  apart from that , you give us a lot of humorists and you made marine le pen embarassed , so i like you guys . 
  apparently this is inherited from frankish law . 
  we have this in france too , responsabilit\u00e9 civile . 
  many people use it for things they have broken themselves though . 
  it might be mandatory, 
  sh-roo-sbu-ry just like leicester is pronounced lei-ces-ter in french . 
  un pan ? 
  un pain ? 
  you 'd better say `` une baguette '' , `` un pain '' is mostly used for `` a hit '', 
  french here . 
  i can recognize a british accent easily . 
  i do n't know if i could differenciate an australian or a south african one from an american one though . 
  some people use english settings ( on their phone or on facebook for example ) and it 's seen a bit as ridiculous . 
  i 've never seen someone using an english language on his gps though, 
  well it 's not very environmental friendly but i guess nobody cared a few decades ago, 
  in southern france there are acs, 
   but the brand has been bought and the muscular man has been replaced by an infamous cat . 
  no way !, 
  when ? 
  fashion trends in the uk ? 
  depends on where you 're from . 
  in brittany we just have a place where we drink cider and rage in breton about how france annexed us , while it 's raining outside, 
  same in france but instead of a tea room we have a wine & cheese room . 
  yeah i love how nobody gives a fuck about norway, 
  in france there are poor cities and everything . 
  but for example the no-go zones in paris that fox news talked about are crap . 
  there 's immigration there but it makes it cosmopolitan places where it 's nice to live, 
  exactly the same thing in france . 
  and in vienna it seems , but i 've only been there for a week, 
  my croatian friend would answer a serb, 
  given the answers to the two related questions about german and english , i 'm curious where you guys have trouble in french .
