  both those are n't creationists or anything , just against lgbt rights and in favor of private schools , and same for the right wing party as a whole it feels weird in france if a politician states his religion . 
  former president sarkozy met the new pope recently and it really was n't a popular move . 
  chocolate with cherry is inedible ? ... 
  same here, 
  well i love chocolate so i got ta say [ mi-cuit au chocolat ] ( http://resize-elle.ladmedia.fr/r/300,386,center-middle,forcey,ffffff/img/var/plain_site/storage/images/elle-a-table/recettes-de-cuisine/le-vrai-coulant-au-chocolat-2280940/26592016-1-fre-fr/le-vrai-coulant-au-chocolat.jpeg ) ( litterally `` half baked with chocolate '' ) with some cherry grout, 
  i 'd say [ de gaulle 's speech for the liberation of paris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeh9kdtcyfg ) . 
   why should we hide the emotion which seizes us all , men and women , who are here , at home , in paris that stood up to liberate itself and that succeeded in doing this with its own hands ? 
  we will not hide this deep and sacred emotion . 
  these are minutes which go beyond each of our poor lives . 
  paris !, 
  paris outraged !, 
  paris broken !, 
  paris martyred !, 
  but paris liberated !, 
  liberated by itself , liberated by its people with the help of the french armies , with the support and the help of all france , of the france that fights , of the only france , of the real france , of the eternal france !, 
   well !, 
  since the enemy which held paris has capitulated into our hands , france returned to paris . 
  she has returned bleeding but resolute . 
  she has returned , enlightened by this immense lesson , but more certain than ever of her responsibilities and her rights . 
   i say responsibilities first because for the moment we are still at war . 
  the enemy totters but he is not yet beaten . 
  he remains on our soil . 
   it would not even be enough , after what has happened , if with the help of our dear and admirable allies we chased him out of our country . 
  we want to go to his country as we should , as conquerors . 
   this is why the french advance guard has entered paris with guns blazing . 
  this is why the great french army from italy has landed in the south and is advancing rapidly up the rh\u00f4ne valley . 
  this is why our brave and dear forces of the interior are going to arm themselves with modern weapons . 
  it is for this revenge , this vengeance and justice , that we will keep fighting until the last day , until the day of total and complete victory . 
   this duty of war , all the men who are here and all those who hear us in france know that it demands national unity . 
  we , who have lived the greatest hours of our history , we have nothing else to wish than to show ourselves , up to the end , worthy of france . 
   long live france !, 
  dipl\u00f4me d'ing\u00e9nieur equivalent to a msc in engineering , with a specialization in material and processes engineering, 
  marine is melisandre . 
  everyone thinks she is young and is different from the old fn , but in fact she 's disgusting and is n't different from the historical far-right . 
  that 's like one of the very few points where i agree with him , i ca n't vote for him just for that . 
  i know on reddit some say `` it does n't matter as he wo n't be in office for ling '' , well of course he will be . 
  a good constitution is n't written in a few days, 
  yeah but this thread is meant to see why people vote altright , downvoting them just for that is a bit idiotic and does n't make them want to answer, 
  do n't worry , kebab pizza is already my go-to pizza recently . 
  i still prefer french style kebab, 
  that one does n't look that good to me . 
  i prefer [ the french style kebab ] ( https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/ezlk37d-2cyuiszsidnmrg/o.jpg ), 
  a friend of mine did that to go to canada , the customs officer looked up his name and saw he his application and sent him back to france, 
  a tian maybe ? 
  goose is very good too, 
  yep . 
  been tasting wine since i was 8 , been drinking cider since i was 10 , did my first alcoholic party at 13 ( mostly beer though ), 
  oh i 'm all for a defensive army . 
  but i think every country has interests everywhere . 
  without france mali would be in a civil war right now, 
  so many questions ... - do you really expect people to learn latin ? 
  - i know some people are mad against the uk for leaving , but come on , most people speak english , you ca n't expect them to learn a different language just for this reason - eu military ca n't happen for the next century . 
  we have way too many differences in terms of geopolitics , and here in france we have nukes i 'm convinced nobody wants to give away . 
  - what 's the point of double currency ? 
  - why would we want a country such as israel in the eu ? 
  - most of those are obligatory except for equal marriage - how is greenland not being independant a problem to make eu a superpower ? 
  - what 's wrong with brussels and why would we move everything to luxembourg ? 
  - politics is n't a circus . 
  i do n't care if i have a normal politician as long as he is effective . 
  there are many issues that you did n't mention , like a fiscal union . 
  that 's one of the next steps of such a closer eu, 
  yeah , i do n't know the situation for expats . 
  i think i 've heard during my studies that you guys do n't do your resumes the same way we do them in france . 
  did you look into that , like did you ask any french people what they thought of your cv ? 
  not letting him say or do whatever he wants to us . 
  if he wants to impose tariffs , let 's do the same . 
  if he wants to make it harder for us to travel to the us , let 's do the same . 
  it 's trump and his administration 's fault , but american citizens still elected him , so sorry i guess . 
  10 % unemployment here . 
  but really it depends on your field of work and in what conditions you 're willing to work . 
  there are tons of jobs in informatics , especially with consulting companies . 
  there you could find a job within a few weeks . 
  the city , well ... 
  it depends really . 
  paris has a lot of jobs , but you do n't need to work there at all . 
  i 'd even recommand not working there because rents are really high and appartments are really small . 
  then it depends on what you 're working in ( insurance companies are mostly in niort , you can find aeronautics companies in toulouse or nantes , telecommunication companies in rennes etc , of course those are only cities i know the job market of ) . 
  unqualified workers have more trouble finding a job , especially as a lot of them are n't willing to relocate and are often specialized in a field of work that ca n't survive in europe anymore . 
  it 's better to take a formation ( paid by the government agency pole emploi ) to specialize in something else . 
  the good side of the french system is that we have less poverty than our neighbors . 
  i mean , it 's harder to get a job , but they are often more stable . 
  of course we still have temp jobs and interim jobs which are n't that great if you 're looking for a big salary and financial stability . 
  of course , craftmanship has a lot of job opportunities . 
  as most of those already work while they 're still studying , they have little trouble finding a job . 
  you ca n't just ask a frenchman to chose only one favorite cheese . 
  it 's like asking a mother to chose between her children . 
  yeah a bit . 
  i mean we have the same anthem as wales ( bro gozh ma zadou ) and breton is very similar to cornish and similar to welsh . 
  like for instance during the vi nations i definitely support wales ( after france ), 
  well now i have `` mais t ` es ou ... pas la !, 
  playing in my head, 
  i definitely identify as breton ( and french and european ) . 
  i just find really sad the fact that my grandfather did n't teach breton to my father because bretons back then were insulted for speaking their language , they were told their language was garbage and that it was a peasants language . 
  i 'm unemployed so it 's alright, 
  well , i mean , theorically , if there was a traffic light in the middle of nowhere that was red , i think we would stop in france . 
  they do n't exist , as you said , but still , i do n't know any people that would n't stop, 
  [ the statue of liberty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/replicas_of_the_statue_of_liberty ) has been replicated a lot, 
  and alaska it at 0.43 / km \u00b2 , i mean it varies a lot within the us too , but as a whole , europe is way more dense, 
  well another example then , the state of new york which has rural and urban areas , is at 140 while germany is at 232 . 
  europe is super dense,
