  ukraine is n't a complete warzone . 
  only [ the eastern part ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/map_of_the_war_in_donbass.svg/450px-map_of_the_war_in_donbass.svg.png ) is . 
  no idea about their tuition fees though, 
  sure , but still there 's ethnicities i 'm not physically attracted to . 
  i can find some $ girl beautiful without being attracted to her, 
  i like korean/japanese and reunionese girls . 
  reunionese makes me think of my boring ex , but damn me if she was n't hot, 
  i mean in france you can find a lot of small universities that are still free just like in paris , but the cost of living are way cheaper . 
  i 'll just assume it 's the same everywhere in europe , so really you 're just looking for the city with the lowest costs of living in europe . 
  i 'm guessing ukraine or something like that, 
  the senate ( not palpatine ) is very unpopular because they have little power compared to the national assembly , they are n't representative of the people ( even less so than the national assembly ) because they 're elected by our mayors and mps , and mostly because they 're old white men that we do n't even hear about because even if they reject a law the law can pass ( it goes national assembly -  senate -  national assembly ) . 
  the national assembly is a bit more popular , although they are just like politicians in general , seen as corrupted and stealing public money ( see : [ fillon affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fillon_affair ) ) . 
  i mean there 's more representation , but it 's still not representative of france ( we do n't have a proportional system , each * circonscription * elects its own mp in a two round system similar to the presidential election , except that you can have more than 2 people in second round ) . 
  if it had looked cool , maybe . 
  i do n't know they just look like idiots waving their arms around touching their hair and stuff . 
  i do n't know , it 's been such a trauma here in france , there 's no way for me to see it like a good thing . 
  and honestly , if every guy had danced like this in clubs ... 
  i mean there would have been a lot of injuries . 
  you need like 5 m \u00b2 to dance this, 
  like beyblade ? 
  we had those in france, 
  i do n't think [ tecktonik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojyb_eatsvo ) was popular anywhere else . 
  sorry fellow french people for showing this to the rest of europe . 
  the weird thing being that it became huge very quickly and disappeared in 6 months . 
  but a lot of kids had the same clothes and hairstyle and learned to dance it . 
  there 's no english wikipedia page so i guess it is n't that worldwide . 
  god there 's [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/09/tecktonik-dancer.jpg/330px-tecktonik-dancer.jpg ) on the german wikipedia page . 
  so fucking cringey, 
  not big at all . 
  obviously you can find people who read them , but i have never met one . 
  people like the movies and the 90 's cartoons ( like batman 's ) but that 's about it . 
  only reason i did n't kill you was your edit, 
  france has improved a lot on this issue and i 'm pretty sure all main touristic attractions in paris are accessible for handicaped people . 
  however , many , many buildings there have no elevator , especially residential buildings . 
  if you go to a hotel it should be okay , if it 's an airbnb or something like that , be careful . 
  the paris metro is almost never accessible for handicaped people however . 
  trains , bus and some taxis are alright . 
  [ more info here ] ( https://en.parisinfo.com/practical-paris/visiting-paris-with-a-disability ) . 
  for the rest of france , it really depends on the city ... 
  unregulated i guess , just because regulating everything sounds like a nightmare . 
  yeah airbus is fine except for space & defence . 
  i looked it up because i knew it was difficult to get a position at boeing and thought airbus did the same, 
  many aerospace companies require you to be an eu national , be careful, 
  i do n't care about the beret/cigarette/striped shirt/baguette under the arm or even the garlic around the neck stereotypes . 
  surrender monkey and white flag jokes are annoying though, 
  yeah i do n't know if the door is missing or just meant to be that way . 
  we do have proper doors or shower curtains . 
  they 're bad because every system is different . 
  in france the best places are schools with very few students ( like 1000 maximum ) and even though they 're doing advanced research , they 'll have less nobel prizes or articles compared to big universities . 
  it 's just an example , but really , it 's difficult to compare various education systems, 
  7 days in paris you 'll have visited most of the best places . 
  more days would n't hurt though, 
  well there are things such as 68ards, 
  yeah but you need to think about bringing one . 
  it was easier a few months ago when you could just get plastic bags for free :(, 
  in some places you ca n't even order without them anymore, 
  til, 
  yeah that 's why i prefer peeing in the rue de la pisse ( you know the perpendicular street that crosses rue de la soif in the middle , sometimes the gate is closed and there 's like some shady shops back there ), 
  i did the same and found american guys in a hostel in prague , partied with them for the next days . 
  you 'll be alright . 
  although there were some french people , it did n't matter much ultimately, 
   public urination is a misdemeanor in my state , and i think it 's good it 's illegal . 
  who wants pee on the ground in public places ? 
  honestly i do n't care personally . 
  i do n't know if it 's the same for everyone in france but as long as you do n't pee in inconvenient locations like a bus stop or a seat i wo n't care , i understand that people need to pee ( * when drunk * ), 
  the huge taboo regarding alcohol is weird to me . 
  like do you guys really drink with your bottle inside a paperbag ? 
  at big college parties people under 21 really ca n't drink ? 
  i mean ever since i was 16 we went every friday on a public places in my city where everybody drinks and shares his drink . 
  oh also public urination in how i met your mother surprised me . 
  i mean sure during the day on the middle of the street it 's understandable but on a wall in an alley in the middle of the night , who cares ? 
  drunk people need to pee, 
  we have marseille also on netflix , but apparently it 's not very good, 
  i heard on the radio that they just have no way to know what country the pictures are from , so they ask this because you might recognize a product that 's only available in one country for example . 
  wait are all of these pictures the same guy ? 
  heard of it on the radio . 
  ca n't recognize anything though . 
  i 've never heard of this version, 
  same, 
  between baltimore and new york city apparently . 
  so i guess the one that 's the most accessible to foreigners, 
  do you also do the thing in other countries that when you have to read a book and you 're lazy you actually watch the movie when there 's one ? 
  i feel like a lot of french people did that, 
  there 's a middle to find between france where you ca n't do anything to labour laws and us where no rights can be obtained . 
  things like the retirement age that 's around 50 for train workers was because they used to be around coal so they 'd die earlier . 
  how is this still the case ? 
  i do n't mind demonstrations , but some things belong to the past and need to be changed, 
  i wish brittany was stronger in rugby ... 
  we ca n't change a single thing without demonstrations . 
  like if we change the retirement age for people working for the national train company ( 50 or something like that currently ) to something closer from everyone else 's retirement age , we 'll have zero train for the next months . 
  sometimes it 's a good thing but a lot of times everyone agrees we have to reform but nobody wants to be targeted by a reform . 
  oss117 , star wars and interstellar, 
  and 0 is also pretty much impossible unless you have n't even written your name ( or you are in classe pr\u00e9pa ), 
  yeah a lot of people want to reduce that number but mayors wo n't give up power so easily ... 
  we have 35 times the population of slovenia but 169 times the number of municipalities ( 35756 ) in france ... 
  after primary school ( which changed recently to a `` understood '' / `` in the process of understanding '' / `` not understood '' marks system ) , you get from 0 to 20/20 . 
  wait you can get spanish as second language ? 
  german or english then you have the choice between a lot of languages as third language . 
  those who pick german as second language usually take english as third one . 
  i do n't know if this has changed recently,
