  yeah i was certain there was gon na be counter examples . 
  you 're right , it 's still a big majority though, 
  party colours are kinda always blue for conservative and red for far-left , everywhere in the world . 
  only the us does it differently as far as i know, 
  november 11th is armistice day , celebrating the end of wwi and honoring fallen soldiers and veterans . 
  we also celebrate our military on bastille day ( july 14th ), 
  yeah i 'd be fine with it if it did n't use taxpayers money to feed a scam, 
  at least every day , more if necessary, 
  many official buildings have a lot of flags , like i was in paris this week-end and there 's a lot of flags on the [ conseil d'etat ] ( http://www.debout-la-france.fr/sites/default/files/actualite/conseil_etat.jpg ), 
  for non french speakers , it means `` i 'm here to build the wall '' with a stereotypical accent that makes it sound like `` i 'm here to make love '', 
  well lieu means place , but lieue means something else . 
  here it 's not banlieu , it 's banlieue ( the op made a mistake in the title ), 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ban_ ( medieval \\ ) ) . 
  lieu does n't mean place here , it comes from the unit of distance , the lieue, 
  banlieues are suburbs of big cities . 
  technically it goes from nice to bad , i mean neuilly is in the banlieue of paris and was pretty nice last time i checked . 
  the thing is it also includes some shitty places we 've built in the 60 's , there 's a lot of unemployment so people there need crimes to earn a living and everything . 
  riots often break out from there when they 're really unhappy about their situation or like if there 's a death because of the police . 
  basically places you have no reason to go to . 
  it 's not like they slit everyone 's throat though , it 's nt that dangerous , it depends on the banlieue , i 'd still not recommand it though . 
  best anthem on the entire planet . 
  some people obviously criticize it for being too violent but there 's no plan of changing it whatsoever right now  they are coming into our midst  to cut the throats of your sons and consorts  [ ... ]  let impure blood  water our furrows, 
  france : lol what 's decentralisation ? 
  i mean young people gather to drink in brittany but that 's about it . 
  i mean it 's just high school , you get graduation parties for actual diploma, 
  we do n't have a graduation party in france , maybe there 's some exceptions, 
  i mean we have lots of shitty shows that are supposed to be about all sort of investigations like enqu\u00eate d'action , enqu\u00eate exclusive and things like that but nowadays they are mostly about `` oh my god look at what these young people are doing !, 
  they are drunk !!!!!, 
  good thing we have police officers !!!! '', 
  and other types of fearmongering, 
  le ** p ** en, 
   safe ; low crimes rates and unrest for it 's size . 
   yeah having lived there i can confirm this . 
  i 've always felt safer than in my french home cities which are already very safe . 
  in vienna , i felt like i could be completely drunk with 500 $ notes in my hands walking home at 4 in the morning and never have any problem . 
  they drink a lot, 
  i really hate the moutains surrounding grenoble . 
  feels weird . 
  and i 'm not even claustrophobic, 
  reasonably . 
  like on average once a day, 
  i care about it as much as i care about cricket, 
  they 'd just be guillotined again, 
  i prefer pourriel instead of spam, 
  same in france . 
  shit beer but still . 
  even drunk i prefer to take cola instead though . 
   what percentage of people you know i do n't know any radical muslims . 
  it 's far from apartheid sa for now and you 're still allowed to demonstrate or do whatever you do to show your non-support for the government . 
  it 's not like the us government is killing anti-gop demonstrators, 
  getting drunk and making food with tons of butter . 
  yeah but i mean saying in saudi arabia that iran is responsible for terrorism , come on . 
  the president of the united states , who suffered 9/11 that was financed with saudi money ... 
  very hypocritical . 
  accuses iran of being responsible for everything just to get some sweet ksa money . 
  did n't see all the speech but this made me laugh, 
  is that the one that aired on tf1 ? 
  because that one was like purely image or propaganda ( strong word , but still ) . 
  i voted for him too but come on , this was ridiculous sometimes . 
  like you rarely see him yell at his staff , he offers to make some coffee for everybody and so on . . 
  https://www.google.fr/flights/#search;f=vie,xwc,xww;t=jfk,ewr,lga;d=2017-06-06;r=2017-06-12;q=vienne+new+york seems like 500 $ for a two day ticket, 
  yeah . 
  usually people who travel to the us go to nyc and that 's about it . 
  very few people go to other places like california , florida , vegas . 
  the rest of the us is uncharted territory edit : added vegas :p, 
  i have n't been to rome but i liked vienna much more than paris . 
  other than the fact that they do n't speak french of course, 
  sometimes they can be a bit biased , but that 's the point of journalism . 
  usually they 're pretty decent if you do n't spend full days watching tv . 
  we also have some really good investigation media outlets, 
  d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu rendez vous fianc\u00e9e c'est la vie je ne sais quoi comme ci comme \u00e7a vinaigrette croissant cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e by the way , americans who seem to love our history , the sentence `` let them eat cake '' that was supposedly said by marie-antoinette is not known at all here . 
  i say that because during our election i 've seen a lot of use of this sentence somehow as if it was famous here . 
  nobody knows . 
  i had to google what it meant after i kept seeing it on reddit and in overwatch . 
  also , ma\u00eetre d' in english is super weird . 
  the french word is ma\u00eetre d'h\u00f4tel , what you 're saying is `` chief/master of '' . 
  of what ? 
  this is definitely the biggest mindfuck i 've heard from american , because it definitely sounded like french but meant absolutely nothing . 
  i 'd have said '' \u00fc is pronounced like a french u '' so yeah i think so, 
  in france he 's usually called van gog, 
  yeah i hear them a lot . 
  i hate them some mornings but that 's about it, 
  i 'm not convinced full democracy is something we should go for . 
  people are dumb , including me . 
  theorically the best thing was imagined by enlightenment philosophers : dictators of the wise where experts in their fields know and decide for everything . 
  yeah i know it makes me sound like anakin and it would definitely never work but hey that 's my fringe opinion, 
  i have as much time as i want . 
  it 's usually something like 1h20 or something , enough time to eat in a restaurant, 
  well yeah of course but the thing is , we do that inside our countries . 
  there 's at least a dozen of cultures and mentalities inside france itself , the us is n't different here . 
  we just have bigger differences between countries because well , they 're separate countries with separate histories and so on, 
  why would you need to know your neighbours ? 
  i said `` hi '' to two people in the elevator and waved at another one from my balcony and i 'm fine with this, 
  just like in actual france , nobody speaks about it . 
  i mean if a thread was about how people practice religion people would n't mind that you mentionned it though, 
  also r\u00e9servoir is really a water tank, 
  ketchup is made with tomato , vinegar and sugar . 
  litterally, 
  many different units depending on the region and the work field . 
  that 's why the metric system happened,
