  not big chefs at all , just sandwiches , burgers and so on, 
  stores are closed on sundays but you can usually find at least one supermarket open until midday . 
  then everything is closed . 
  sundays before a national holiday you can be almost certain to find one . 
  supermarkets are open until more or less 10 pm , with restrictions on alcohol in some cities . 
  restaurants are always open until midnight , but if you arrive late you might not be served . 
  fast food joints are usually open until 1 am , sometimes more , sometimes all night in some places . 
  kebab shops can be open even later , sometimes until 4 am . 
  you can also fond other small food shops still open very late , if you do n't mind paying 8 $ for a panini with cheese . 
  it 's good enough already , but sometimes i wish things opened a bit later , but eh , i understand . 
  it can be annoying , not worth it or even risky for them . 
  i guess there 's also laws that make them unable to open whenever they want . 
  edit : forgot to talk about bars : most usually close at 2 am , then there are bars de nuit ( night bars ) that are open until maybe 4-5 , then some night clubs are open even later, 
  i feel like she actually needs this , considering the amount of people that write lepen , lepenn , le penn , and so on ... 
  same here, 
  2 years or so . 
  i want to move back to my region, 
  nope , it 's a baguette tradition . 
  [ this is a baguette ] ( https://uploads.lebonbon.fr/source/2016/octobre/lyon/des-bonnes-baguettes-de-pain-ai-la-franciaise-e1424212966554.jpg ) . 
  i mean yours is bread , it 's just some dry bread with little taste or crustiness ... 
  it 's always funny once in a while . 
  who 's mixing ? 
  yeah but french wine is expensive abroad , and it 's not necessarily the ones i prefer . 
  [ this is bread ] ( http://medialb.ultimedia.com/multi/3550x/lsprq8-hc.jpg ) . 
  you can find thid type abroad but it 's absolutely disgusting, 
  i do n't know much about it . 
  i guess it 's just some networking group . 
  i do know it 's quite different in france compared to other countries ' freemasons . 
  they 're usually compared to some sort of sect involved in many conspiracies , but i guess ( or hope ) it 's nuts . 
  the french are even more toxic when you understand everything they 're saying, 
  * real * bread , cheese and saucisson . 
  i also missed wine when i was an expat for a few months, 
  nazi ? 
  what ... 
  i did n't expect so much from that first category ... 
  for those curious about electronic music , n'to and worakls are very accessible . 
  it 's a parody newspaper like the onion , do n't worry, 
  in france we compare ourselves with germany , but i do n't think a france-germany rivalry would be a good idea for europe, 
  say chocolatine in most of france ( or pain au chocolat in some barbaric places ) and [ you wo n't cause a fist fight , but a shooting . 
  [ yes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8f/enseign_france-secondaire-2009-vector.svg/550px-enseign_france-secondaire-2009-vector.svg.png ) so as you can see , we have 3/4 types of high school . 
  we have three kinds of baccalaur\u00e9ats ( high school diploma ) depending on the kind of studies you 're going into : technological bac ( for ~ technicians and people around that level , but in more scientific fields ) , professional bac ( which is also preparing people for technician jobs , but for other fields of work ) and general bac ( if you 're gon na go to the university ) . 
  it 's not fixed whatsoever , you can definitely go to the university after a technological bac and become a carpenter after a general bac . 
  i said 3/4 types because the last one is the cap ( professional certificate of aptitude ) , which is a bit similar to the professional bac , but honestly , i 'm not so sure about the difference between the two ( except that the bac pro is in 3 years , the cap in 2 ) . 
  baccalaur\u00e9ats are in 3 years . 
  and you only asked for high schools so i 'm not going to talk about the mess of studies after high school . 
  when i was in prague i actually met a british guy that had been living there for the last 15 years . 
  not a word of czech . 
  also , weirdly , he was pro-brexit ( this was just before the referendum ), 
  also 2008 , the economic crisis, 
  bratislava is n't that impressive , imo it 's just nice if you 're in vienna and want to spend an afternoon in a different culture , but that 's about all the time you need, 
  kebabs are run by turkish or maghrebi small shops that sell alcohol very late at a very costly price are run by arabs , they 're even called l'arabe du coin ( the arab from the corner ) apparently in some stereotypes tabacco shops are run by asians , i do n't know if that 's true , i have n't really seen this in the regions i 've lived, 
  i mean some countries want zero integration , just the common market . 
  if we keep that the eu will absolutely never upgrade, 
  well in france you have that too . 
  out of the salary your employer is paying , a part of it is deduced already when you receive it as you said , but also every may or something you have to pay taxes depending on how much you earned the last year, 
  le petit marseillais , dove , palmolive 's tahiti ... we mostly use shower gel, 
  99.99 % of france give zero fucks about it, 
  i had never heard of him before actively looking for who the heirs to the kingdom of france are, 
  they are expensive in france too , but still good, 
  yeah toubib was more to surprise people , it 's familair language but not youth slang, 
  wait you guys do n't have contactless ? 
  it 's the best thing ever , especially in crowded bars , at least it does n't require 30 minutes to get the two beers you want ( because some chicks decided to take mojitos which take hours to prepare obviously ), 
  we have a lot of arabic in our youth slang . 
  bled ( small village ) , kiffer ( to like ) , sbeul ( mess ) , toubib ( doctor ) , seum ( bitterness/anger ) etc, 
  listen to some techno music while i chill on my balcony, 
  there is a shortage , but many countries have shortages . 
  in the end the system itself is nice , but lack of funding and that fucking numerus clausus make it a bit worse . 
  ruinart is pretty good and expensive, 
  because the uk created football , rugby etc, 
  stromae is n't really house music , it 's more like electronic hip hop . 
  stromae is n't really house music , it 's more like electronic hip hop . 
  for me it 's more because i 'd be fat very quickly if i always ate outside, 
  lardons in france is mostly pork , although you can find other types of lardons but it does n't make any sense , lardons is made out of lard , which is pork meat . 
  and it 's not necessarily smoked, 
  yeah it 's also because the town gives money to many groups and associations that he keeps winning . 
  the city is bankrupt because he 's sort of buying the votes, 
  it 's a game , euiv, 
  yeah it seems like it 's exactly the same game but with a different joker card . 
  we do n't have that pagat ultimo though , but if you put the petit ( 1 ) at the end without losing it you get more points . 
  also , bouts are nice because aside from the 5 points it reduces the objective you need to get . 
  without any you need 56 points , with one 51 , with two 41 and with three , 36 . 
  having 3 bouts is supposedly an easy win then , as you 're guaranteed to have at least 10 points out of the 41 required , 15 out of 36 if you manage to keep the 1 card . 
  i do n't really understand your difference between 21 and your 22 then . 
  both are the biggest cards ? 
  if you absolutely want to take a card in tarot you can just use your 21, 
  haha maybe . 
  in my family we always play it at family reunions , people the age of my dad ( ~ 50 yo ) seem to have learned it during their military service, 
  our joker excuse is one of the three bouts ( worth more points ) , you use it when you do n't want to use any other card like if you were about to lose a king or something, 
  i think you mean province because i 'm not from provence :p i know a lot of people from paris that play tarot though . 
  do you ever play any card games ? 
  contr\u00e9e is like a funnier version of belote . 
  seriously , it 's not like i 'm old , i 'm in my twenties and we used to play tarot already back in high school, 
  the cards you 're talking about look like [ this ] ( https://assets.catawiki.nl/assets/2012/8/7/6/2/b/62b2ea50-c2f5-012f-a6af-005056960004.jpg ) . 
  basically you have all numbers from 1 to 10 + jack cavalier queen king in each of the four colours \\ + 21 atouts ( those tarot cards numbered between 1 and 21 + l'excuse , joker card ), 
  what ? 
  80 % of people i know ( from pretty much everywhere in france ) can play tarot and it 's like 40 % / 60 % between tarot and contr\u00e9e . 
  we play tarot here, 
  [ disgusting ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/mac%c3%a9doine_ ( cuisine \\ ) # / media/file : russian_salad . . jpg ), 
  same in many countries, 
  the mess in iraq is because of the us .
