  the lack of any government is what lead to the creation of isis . 
  r\u00e9union wallonie france ? 
  what 's that ? 
  they do n't really follow in the west neither . 
  galiciand , basques , catalans , corsicans , alsatians , belgium and switzerland , frisians etc, 
  i would n't quite call it a comedy though , it 's more of a touching story, 
  they also have some good wines and good beers , just like we have bad ones . . 
  never heard the second one a single time in my life . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://lyricstranslate.com/fr/les-lacs-du-connemara-connemaras-lakes.html ), 
  in france you 'll have to say how much you want . 
  une pinte de chouffe : one pint of chouffe ( 50cl ) une saint bernardus en 33 : 33cl of saint bernardus un demi de cuv\u00e9e des trolls : ( litterally ) : one half [ of a pint ] of cuv\u00e9e des trolls ( 25cl ) the default size really depends on the hour of the day and the type of bar , like if you just ask for a beer at 12 am they 're probably gon na give you un demi ( 25cl ) . 
  and if they are in doubt they 'll ask you if you want a demi or more, 
  i do . 
  coins and bank notes are pretty cool when you need to follow a budget . 
  like if i withdraw 30 $ for a night at the bar , i know i wo n't use more than that, 
  well i 'm gon na talk about presidents since 1958 ( beginning of the vth republic ) because before that they did n't always have as much power as they do nowadays . 
  charles de gaulle : president of the provisional government of france ( 1944-1946 ) and former member of the military georges pompidou : prime minister val\u00e9ry giscard d'estaing : minister of the economy fran\u00e7ois mitterand : member of parliament jacques chirac : mayor of paris and member of parliament nicolas sarkozy : president of the hauts-de-seine department and minister of the interior fran\u00e7ois hollande : president of the corr\u00e8ze department and member of parliament let 's look at it another way . 
  de gaulle aside , all have been doing politics for a while , sometimes they have been working a bit on top of their interest in politics ( sarkozy was a lawyer , hollande worked at the court of audit and was a lawyer for a bit ... ) . 
  they have often been what we call hauts fonctionnaires : public servants at important positions , like at the court of audit , the inspectorate general of finances , etc. . . 
  if you want to become president , it 'd be better to be a lawyer or a haut fonctionnaire while already joining a party when you were young , become an assistant for some important mp , then become mp , eventually become minister then president . 
  that 'd be the easiest way to do it . 
  also , yes , we have a shitton of `` professional politicians '' . 
  that 's kinda stupid imo , but eh , what can we do, 
  switzerland , germany and spain i 'll support them if i dislike the other team more england and italy : never, 
  as a whole , it 's not an idea shared by a lot of people . 
  most french people really want to visit the us though , new york city being very high at the top of the list , then san francisco , maybe los angeles and everything else being at the same ranking . 
  for most people , of course . 
  for example i 'd love to visit new england ( because it 's a historical place ) in a longer trip and perhaps a part of california ( lots of natural places to see ) . 
  yes . 
  important to note is that you can do the test abroad , it 's then illegal only if you receive the results on french soil . 
  by the way , what 's the point of those websites ? 
  i mean it 's not like those ancestries even mean anything . 
  `` french '' ancestry does n't mean anything for instance , people have come in this piece of land hundreds of years ago from various places . 
  bretons come from the anglo-celtic islands while alsatians are closer from germany and corsicans from italy . 
  are all of these 100 % french ? 
  i 've never heard of anyone being sad about not being able to have paternity tests . 
  hell before knowing reddit i did n't even know it was forbbiden . 
  also , it is possible if a judge approves it . 
  it 's forbidden because the human body is considered as being unusable for anything and because of boethics laws . 
  it originates from the 1947 nuremberg trials because of many nazi procedures that happened , and it was first forbbiden in 1988 against experimentation on humans . 
  it included adn tests and all genetic printfoots in general except for scientific and medical research . 
  ( from google searches ) all articles lead me to believe that it was forbidden because france considered that making money out of the human body was absolutely dangerous , so partenity tests were included, 
  many are , but not only . 
  \u00c9coles centrales , \u00c9coles normales sup\u00e9rieures , \u00c9cole des mines have campuses around paris but also in many other cities . 
  you can tip in restaurants and caf\u00e9s france but it 's usually a few euros ( that you leave on the table when you 're leaving after paying ) . 
  not a big deal if you do n't , but we usually do . 
  and not at the barber in austria i know they also tip but you need to say it when you 're paying like the waiter asks for 18 $ , you just say 20 $ and he 'll understand, 
  sorry , i did n't know the neuron was half financed by other countries than france, 
  the national front would have even bigger scores . 
  i still ca n't figure why, 
  well in france most medium sized city have fiber , but buildings do n't necessarily do . 
  it 's impossible to get cable in buildings where fiber is now accessible, 
  fiber 200 mpbs up 100 mbps down no caps 59 $ with a cellphone plan ( 20 gb 4g and the rest is unlimited ) urban area ( not a huge city but still ), 
  i 'm not convinced france would accept to let go its military planes industry ( or its naval industry ) , considering we let go of our gun industry already, 
  even if you find something with courses in english you 'll need to learn the local language if you want to assimilate and enjoy it, 
  - you ca n't call your pig napol\u00e9on - you need to have a haystack in case the king comes by with his horse - women ca n't wear pants unless riding a horse or a bicycle - it 's forbidden to kiss on railroad tracks ( well that 's not * that * stupid ) - women that want to dress like men need an authorization from the prefecture of police - in paris , bins are considered as deadly weapons - ufos ca n't land in ch\u00e2teauneuf du pape yeah those laws are n't really enforced anymore obviously, 
  yeah crying is still a sign of weakness here . 
  i mean of course it all depends on your friends and everything but still , manliness is still seen as an important thing to have, 
  a salad for lunch and breton galettes for dinner, 
  brittany itself does n't really speak breton anymore . 
  my grandfather did n't teach my father and this was a very common situation because breton was insulted of being a peasant language . 
  my grandfather always spoke to his friends in breton though . 
  we called him by his breton name youn , not yves ( his official name ) , he named his house in breton and everything . 
  nowadays sure a growing number of people start learning breton again , but it 's a long way from being the common tongue here , especially without any help from france which has approximately 0.00001 % chance of happening . 
  do n't you have vat in the states ? 
  read `` walking my son '' at first . 
  thought you used a leash or something . 
  same here . 
  i do n't mind not smoking except if i have too much time to waste, 
  yeah that 's not the same situation at all . 
  nobody would be humiliated here . 
  the problem in 2002 was that the left had a majority so big in the polls that it thought all parties could have a candidate , which made the ps right below the fn even if it would have probably won the second round against the right wing, 
  it 's always raining over there ... well no ffs . 
  northern france and eastern france have way worse weather imo and considering the mentality in southern france i 'd chose brittany a thousand times over the rest of france, 
  during my studies . 
  too much partying . 
  i 'd love to replace it with marijuana if it did n't make me sleep terrible and if it did n't change the way i drive whatsoever . 
  for now i ca n't smoke weed during the week as i have to wake up very early, 
  that 's a long question . 
  well in france we have enough french-speaking media that we would n't even need other media ( in terms of quantity ) . 
  on the radio 40 % must be french music and we have plenty of french movies of various quality . 
  if i look at the new movies in theatres this week , there 's like 40 % of french movies , 20 % of american movies and the rest is movies of various european nationalities ( romanian , british , italian , spanish , indian . . ) . 
  this does n't mean we produce way more french movies , it 's just not a big week for us movies . 
  tv shows , well everything is in french . 
  i think there 's like one or two late night show airing on a pay-tv . 
  same for sports ( like the nba airs on bein sports , which is a pay-tv , still with french commentors though ) . 
  i think our movie industry has had some international successes , of course not everytime ( it 's not like every french movie is good anyway ) , but still . 
  in terms of number of people practicing it 's football , tennis , horseriding , judo , basket , handball , rugby . 
  fencing is like 13th-14th . 
  in terms of tv diffusion ( in 2012 ) , it 's football , rugby , tennis , cycling , basket . 
  fencing is 28th, 
  nothing at all in france . 
  now i 'm angry for getting nothing . 
  we just toss them in a container in which they shatter, 
  volumes in france are also in centilitres, 
  it 's not that popular although we already had recently a very , very good one ( david douillet ) . 
  a decent number of kids learn judo , but it 's not in the top 5 sports . 
  he 's just charismatic and never loses ( 12 defeats in the last 11 years , 2 after his 18th birthday ), 
  do you know everyone in my country ?
