  most of immigration in france is basically former colonies speaking french . 
  i 'm 90 % sure we do n't . 
  have n't seen many funerals, 
  no vending machines in france , you got ta find a tabacco shop ( they also sell magazines and newspapers ) . 
  those can be often up to midnight even on sundays . 
  usually train station tabacco shops are the most open, 
  you were humiliated because your kk brot sounds exactly like `` poop bread '' in french ? 
  to add to what the oc answered , there also were terrorist groups fighting for basque and breton independance . 
  breton violent separatism stopped a while ago , basque in the 2000s, 
  most of france that is n't paris or nice, 
  \u00e9tapes *, 
  doctors because we use a weird system in medicine universities . 
  anyone can get in first year , but at the end of the year there 's a big exam with like 75 % failure . 
  it 's very common to do the firts year twice just for that . 
  the reason is the numerus clausus , it 's a limit of md students that can be formed and it 's very low even though some rural areas lack doctors . 
  veterinarians probably because it 's similarly hard , and i guess there are n't that enough schools teachers because you study for 5 years for a low paying job with shitty teenagers, 
  i see you do n't have a good friend that recently got a lot into cycling . 
  for a while he talked to me about it even though i could n't care less and watched it on his phone while we were out drinking beer . 
  he slowed down after i told him it was annoying, 
  you did n't think [ hollande ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2wyg8kt3fa ) and [ sarkozy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihrilaw6j4c ) spoke good english ? 
  in terms of roads and trains , vend\u00e9e / deux-s\u00e8vres is waaaaaay worse than brittany . 
  just [ take a look at a railroad map ] ( https://be.voyages-sncf.com/sites/default/files/images/carte_grande.jpg ), 
  yeah being from brittany and having lived in several places in france , i 'm fine with our 110 kmh free highways instead of 130 kmh but where you have to pay . 
  when you live in brittany it makes traveling around way cheaper, 
  you just hate americans , clinton and trump have 15 % and 3 % on your graph . 
  obama being at 41 % seems decent, 
  yeah sorry but france probably spies on germany , the us , greece , and pretty much any country too, 
  it 's supposedly 18 here but around 16 you can already buy some if you do n't look too young, 
  lol . 
  trump is rudiculed and satirized everywhere . 
  obama was loved . 
  obama was way more popular because he was closer to european politics , treated us as allies , knew what his job was without making diplomatic incidents every couple weeks , and of course , he was cool . 
  making meme videos ( i 'm thinking of the `` thanks obama '' one ) and stuff . 
  the only time i had cash in the last month was to buy weed . 
  aside from that , only cb ( [ carte bancaire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debit_card#france ) , our debit cards ) , even if you have to pay 2 pints instead of 1 because the bar only accepts debit cards over 10 $ ( which is probably made to make you buy more beer anyway ), 
  in french i think all romance natives sound sexy . 
  hell french spoken by an italian or spanish male , i 'm not gay but i really understand how a girl would love it . 
  aside from that , i 'd say slavic languages . 
  but american natives or globally germanic languages natives , nah . 
  it does n't sound good imo . 
  your sounds are too rough i think . 
  but you know , if you 're sexy and speak french , no matter what your native tongue is , your french will sound sexy, 
  i 'm all for using it but we should be building renewable energy plants to replace them in the near future . 
  like , i 'm all for it during our ecological transition because using coal plants is just way worse . 
  the problem not being about safety in my opinion , but about the nuclear waste issue . 
  that is , until we figure out fusion, 
  honestly since i arrived in paris i ca n't think of a more wrong stereotype . 
  everybody drives well , everyone 's focused on his driving ( at least way more than in other cities ) . 
  ffs just come porte de la chapelle and try to figure out how there are n't accidents that often . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i really like driving here , aside from the traffic of course, 
  currently like 12 m \u00b2 but it 's temporary until i find we find a flat with a mate, 
  elementary : 200 students junior high ( coll\u00e8ge ) : 950 students ( but a new one was gon na be built in a nearby town so it was a critical amount of students ) high school ( lyc\u00e9e ) : 400 students ( but it was also a new high school built 3 years before i arrived ), 
  we have way more american media than british one, 
  nah i do n't think that 's the problem . 
  i think it 's more about tryng to speak english like a native speaker would , and well we only have so much to learn from, 
  look ugly to you . 
  plain colour shirts are awful to me, 
  my parents always taught me to go at least once a year . 
  i have n't found the time though in the last few years, 
  my cultural heritage is breton heritage . 
  that 's what i consider myself as . 
  however 1/4 of my family is from vend\u00e9e , which as you might not know is close , but very different from brittany . 
  in that part of the family there 's apparently some english blood . 
  and you know what ? 
  i do n't care , i 'm breton . 
  you are what you consider yourself as . 
  of course , but it 's pretty hard to judge old times like that compared to today 's mentality . 
  i mean the trail of tears has no equivalent that i can think of in europe around or after the same time period that is n't seen as fucked up, 
  ethnicites are n't just black and white . 
  and hell it 's just skin colour . 
  at the very least you could try to talk about culture , that would make more sense . 
  ethnicites have always moved around btw . 
  just look at where romani people come from and what ethnicity was in maghreb before the muslim invasions, 
  you do know that people do n't only have kids with people of their ethnicity ? 
  what ethnicity is a kid born from white and black parents ? 
  what even is our ethnicity in europe ? 
  we have dozens of skin colours and it 's been a huge mix of people from various cultures . 
  vikings have settled in the british islands , normandy , and the normans ( their descendance ) even went as far as sicily . 
  we 've been trading and waging wars accross the mediterranean sea for centuries . 
  hell black people become lighter as the centuries pass . 
  just look at american black people whose family has lived there for centuries and compare them to people who just arrived there . 
  they have more kids because they 're poorer . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's not in their dna or whatever you think in your twisted mind, 
  well paris is difficult even for locals . 
  we use websites like seloger , leboncoin , pap, 
  after your 20s it 's not a big deal . 
  often we 'd have a big gift everyone paid for . 
  and you bring alcohol, 
  i often play france or brittany when it 's available . 
  i never play england/gb because them being on an island is boring, 
  it 's only numbers simulating the battle , you ca n't see anything . 
  vienna felt cheap/normal in comparison to france ( not even paris ), 
  austria is not even expensive . 
  it 's 7 $ for a pack of marlboro here, 
  well the treaty of maastricht was the official creation of the eu in other terms than economical ones , created the euro and such . 
  [ we kinda did and it was a small `` yes '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_maastricht_treaty_referendum,_1992 ) at 51 %, 
  well ... 
  i mean they 're literally everywhere,
