  the plate is weird enough to qualify for stops though . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a russian plate . 
  hell , before going to austria i had never seen a bosnian plate . 
  the stereotype that europe is urban is true though . 
  the population density in the us is waaaaaay lower than in europe . 
  france has 98 inhabitants per sq km and is already pretty empty . 
  texas is at 39, 
  it does n't sound at all like what you 're saying . 
  it 's about helping the population . 
  and even then , is n't it made by your own parliement and not donald tusk ? 
  there 's no donald tusk 's government , he has n't signed such a law . 
  he made one joke about sending tanks refering to the soviet union 's way of dealing with opposition . 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu does n't send tanks to riots they do n't agree with ... we 're very far from a dictatorship , no matter what you eurosceptics say . 
  even far-right groups that explicitely want to destroy the eu still get money from it . 
  this is no way comparable to the situation in the soviet union . 
  as to polish healthcare , i do n't know enough about it to disagree with you , but i 'm convinced the situation in poland is no way near the situation in non-eu countries that remained dictatorships like belarus, 
  none that i can think of, 
  your economy was low because you were part of the warsaw pact and moscow forced you to refuse the marshall plan that helped western europe a lot . 
  all investments stopped in the 70 's , you had a huge black market and your country as a whole could n't survive without borrowing money from western countries . 
  and i 'm not going to talk about your political non-independance , the police state and the non-existant freedom of expression . 
  sure nobody left the country back then , but that 's because they were forbidden too . 
  and yes , communist countries often have very good healthcare , like cuba . 
  nothing is perfect . 
  i ca n't see on that article anything after 2009 or showing that poverty increased since joining the eu , sorry ? 
  you guys had a lot of poverty so it takes time to get to zero ( which is impossible ) . 
   overall , the levels of poverty in poland have been reported as stable or on the decrease in the past years , but it is still a significant concern . 
  the reduction in poverty slowed down or was partially reversed again in early 2010s , although as of early 2013 the datasets are still mostly preliminary and usually cover the period only up to 2011 . 
  how is this convenient for the eu ? 
  western europe are n't glad , as i already said , to have foreign workers come here to work for half the wage also , 6 % of france and 15 % of germany is in poverty, 
  [ income inequality has decreased in most eastern european countries and increased in most western europe countries ( page 11 ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cros/system/files/05-2014-wage_and_income_inequality_in_the_eu_0.pdf ) , so i 'm not convinced about that . 
  also , do you honestly believe western europeans are glad to have eastern europeans coming here to work at a salary that 's way lower because they can be paid with their home country minimal wage ? 
  your first arguments are anedcotal and not about economical development . 
  [ page 29 of that document ] ( http://www.lisboncouncil.net/growth/documents/lisbon_council_economic_growth_in_the_eu%20 ( 1 \\ ) . pdf ) you can find the gdp growth of eu countries + usa . 
  did n't he die like 10 years ago ? 
  eastern europe abandoned economical developement in the name of the eu ? ... 
  real communist parties do n't really exist anymore . 
  note : i 'm not taking part in the discussions about whether the sp is still left-wing or not the socialist party is soc-dem , europe-ecology-greens is kinda the same . 
  the left front , a collection of parties more left-wing than the socialist party ( including the french communist party ) are about rejecting the liberal economy , more protectionism and reducing wealth inequalities . 
  it 's also about rejecting wars and nato . 
  we also always have two candidates at the presidential election from trotskyists parties , workers ' struggle and new anticapitalist party that barely get a total of 1 % of votes together . 
  well yeah as you said it all former french cities are pronounced as they are normally in french ( new orleans being la nouvelle-orl\u00e9ans ) . 
  spanish cities are pronounced like in spanish , sometimes the san is pronounced as we would in french though ( s\u0251\u0303 ) . 
  for the rest we try our best . 
  some that come to mind : - new york : noo york - seattle : see-ah-ttle - detroit : deh-troa ( well it does come from french too ) that 's about all i can find . 
  for state names , we do n't care about how it 's * supposed * to be pronounced ( like arkansas ) , we say what 's written , and this most of the time also applies to british cities like leicester . 
  by the way , paris is pronounced pah-ree ( with a hard r ) , the only difference with the english pronouciation is that you guys pronounce the s. 
  a few discounts but not that much . 
  most discounts available for students are actually directed to all young people ( usually below 25 or 27 yo ), 
  in most french universities and grandes ecoles ( more selective schools ) , most of the time you 'll need to speak french at least at a good level ( like not fluent , but almost ), 
  [ we also stole that one !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxfainmctnw ), 
  i do n't want to change it , i love the marseillaise . 
  if we really had to change it ( some people want to , they 're not the majority though ) , maybe the [ chant des partisans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suzwlf_vukg ) , which was the song of the resistance during ww2 . 
  [ what about that one ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgdmuxtw0q0 ) , 
   the real controversial figure is napoleon iii , who ruled during the second empire in 1851 - 1870 . 
  he gets a bad reputation because of the military defeat to prussia in 1870 , but in many regards , he was much better than napoleon i , modernising the country economically , regaining massive diplomatic influence , italian unity , railroads , etc. 
  now i feel bad for disliking him, 
  are you really from france ? 
  in school we barely heard about the dictatorship part , i only heard about the l\u00e9gion d'honneur , the code civil , how he reformed education , created elite schools , conquered half of europe while being a genius general ... 
  he 's like second to de gaulle in terms of glorification, 
  well we do have a ton of british retired people in brittany, 
  but when you live in brittany , you ca n't !, 
  when someone comes back from holiday abroad they always sell some though, 
  in my middle school the first sex ed classes had the genders separated and we could ask any questions we wanted on a piece of paper ( even though some questions were a bit weird for such ages , like if women squirting was a thing ) . 
  then when it was biology classes we had some classes where people laughed as we put condoms on cylindric things . 
  all in all it was pretty nice, 
  well he 's the one that made it official i guess . 
  i feel like we did n't have a lot of history classes anyway . 
  but i definitely do remember learning about how he created the code civil and stuff . 
  he 's easily one of the most glorified leaders of france , even though we hear a bit ( just a little bit really ) of his dictatorial ways . 
  it does n't matter , he made france great again and modernized it . 
  najat vallaud-belkacem and marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen are n't too bad either, 
  we also have the same anthem, 
  gentil\u00e9 in french, 
  i 'm not sure i understand your joke , sorry :(, 
  clearly . 
  the cheapest ones are 11 $ , ballentine 's is something like 18 $ ... 
  wait i remember eating a lot of schnitzel ( n ? ), 
  in vienna with kaisersemmeln and a bit of ketchup as a quick cheap sandwich in spars, 
  well beaujolais is pretty disgusting so that 's fine , 
  ils about the distance between rennes , my city , and paris . 
  i can certainly do that for the weekend but there 's a lot of traffic around every city do it 's way more practical to take the train ( 2h30 now , soon 1h30 ), 
  rennais , breton , fran\u00e7ais , europ\u00e9en , terrien from rennes , brittany , france , europe , earth, 
  primary school : monday/tuesday/thursday / friday ( in my days , but i think now they study on wednesdays and have less class the other days ) 8h - 10h 10h30 - 12h30 14h30 - 16h30 high school : monday to friday , no classes on wednesday afternoons 8h - 10h 10h15 - 11h15 or 12h15 12h45 or 13h45 - 15h45 16h - 18h for high school , this was the basic organization in my high school . 
  in practice it depends on however they decided to build your time schedule . 
  we did n't do 8h-18h every day every week . 
  for example you could have on mondays 8h-16h , on tuesdays 10h-18h etc depending on if you were lucky or not . 
  in english , i would find normal to refer to my country by its native name, 
  my bad then , reddit made me believe it was very popular, 
  i 've never seen that . 
  however i know they love red wine with cola in the balkans . 
  that is horrific, 
  the telephone without the plug exists in france , it 's le t\u00e9l\u00e9phone arabe ( arab telephone ), 
  same in france ( loups-garous de thiercelieux - thiercelieux 's werewolves ), 
  also pok\u00e9mon cards , yugioh cards and even digimon sometimes, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  yeah we just miss the dialogue . 
  the sparrowhawk does say '' \u00c9pervier , sortez '' ( sparrowhawk get out ) to start the round though, 
  we played a lot of football , but here are some other games .
