  my parent 's house is 180m \u00b2 , it 's standard where i live . 
  i had a big flat with 3 roommates which was 170 m \u00b2 , the standard is around 100 m \u00b2 for 4 people . 
  you 're so funny, 
  and here i thought new zealand was to the east of australia, 
  yep , i did n't realize this until recently either !, 
  it 's not the point though , even in brittany there were german as a second language classes, 
  i mean , i have a nhl cap because a friend was in canada last year . 
  other than that , you rarely see anything . 
  sometimes you can maybe find a yankees cap because many people do n't recognize it 's a yankees cap . 
  but caps are most of the time from other brands . 
  france is reaaaaally different from the us . 
  [ little picture to understand ] ( http://pedagogie.lfmurcie.org/img/gif/shema_etude_sup_2008-2.gif ) i 'll describe from left to right . 
  first of all , at the bottom they separated everything into two categories : `` university formation '' and `` high school and ` school ' formation '' . 
  on the left you can see the amount of years required . 
  * university formations blue is medicine studies . 
  first year is very difficult , only the first 15-20 % pass . 
  it 's really frequent to do it twice or even three times sometimes . 
  pink is pharmacy studies . 
  green is standard university formation ( bachelor 's degree , master 's degree , phd ) yellow is professional degree ( i think you work and study at the same time ? ), 
  * high school and school formation yellow is still professional degree ( depends on what specialization you take ) orange is something i do n't know . 
  blue and the darker orange are grandes ecoles ( ~ great schools ) . 
  for the blue one , basically two years of intensive work in high school ( separated classes obviously ) ending with big exams nationwide . 
  each school selects the best out of each exam . 
  ( some people pass tests for a month and a half ) . 
  then three years of school ( engineering , marketing , litterature , ... ) orange is a bit different , you 're selected on your grades from high school . 
  pinkish red is also schools , also selecting on your grades from high school but it 's for other specializations . 
  see , that 's a much smarter way to behave imo . 
  in france i 'm pretty sure 80 % of the people protesting do n't even have any idea of what 's happening, 
  we also said that in 1918 . 
  nothing is written is stone, 
  they did it anyway and nobody went to war with them for that, 
  marmiton is good but only for very known , classical recipes . 
  it 's terrible if you 're just looking for some original recipe . 
  it should be good for op though !, 
  yeah in france conscription was abolished in 1996 and by 2001 all conscriptees had left the services . 
  by 2002 people that got imprisoned for refusing conscription were freed . 
  ever since the attacks we have a voluntary national service . 
  80 % of french people [ have a good opinion of the military ] ( http://www.opex360.com/2015/07/09/80-des-francais-ont-bonne-image-de-leurs-armees/ ) ( in french ), 
  yeah well we also forbade germany to ever militarize rheinland and we already forbade them to enter a union after ww1 . 
  look how it turned out, 
  it 's in 15 days , i 'm not sure the strike will last that long, 
  i mean , there always are discussions between employers , employees and government . 
  employees are sometimes satisfied , and sometimes not because they do n't want too much change . 
  then the government does n't want to change anything and does n't care about strikes which make them become bigger and more violent . 
  i really hate that day of thinking in france where everybody knows we have to reform many things but nobody wants to have reforms aimed at himself . 
  side question : are there big reforms that happened in your country without strikes and riots ? 
  at what point do people protest ? 
  protests , riots are much more rare . 
  luckily, 
  i definitely consider myself as nationally european, 
  much sunnier and hotter than i expected . 
  the food is nice , it 's a cool place to party, 
  france, 
  i never said banlieues were a nice and safe place though, 
  banlieue , and that 's a bit stupid . 
  there 's plenty of not poor french people of north african origin that do n't live in banlieues . 
  to be honest , i 'm really not a fan of all these special situations . 
  it sounds like you guys ( uk iceland norway etc ) want the good things of the eu but do n't want the risks . 
  yeah we 're trying our best to have an economically powerful continent here . 
  the more richer countries we have the easiest and the least risky it will be . 
  not trying to offense anybody but yeah i find it quite selfish , if not weird, 
  i 'm living in austria until august , it 's pretty cool, 
  there are a lot of riots in france at the moment . 
  we just see the riot police charge . 
  come on , you ca n't take care of your own poverty ? 
  we already have enough of it, 
  do we even talk about the genocide in school ? 
  i think that the distance is mostly because of the dictature that it is . 
  it is always really badly seen for a president here in france to go there or anything . 
  also it 's a pretty small country , and in terms of oil nobody can ignore saudi arabia , it 's basically the world 's oil reserve . 
  compared to all these countries azerbaidjan is a very small business partner . 
  we just use [ that kind of thing ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/clothes_horse ) ( second picture ) . 
  i saw that in many countries so i guess that 's standard . 
  there are also really big ones of this, 
  a bit exagerated on the right wing ... and medef is not a party , it 's a ceo union . 
  i 'd say front de gauche : fuck capitalism and this system europe \u00e9cologie les verts : fuck pollution , other than that ps is good ps : hey let 's try to be pro-europe , pro-workers , pro-capitalism , pro-ecology all at once !, 
  modem : wait this is the first time someone talked about us since 2007 !, 
  les r\u00e9publicains : thatcher and reagan were so successful ... front national : fuck europe , vote for us and everybody * ( * workers , capitalists , ... as long as you 're french ) will gain money from it !, 
  lesquen : everything is communism except me, 
  that might be weirder , except if you 're going in because a girl told you and you enter with her . 
  but i do n't know , there are low chances that this happens, 
  well , it depends on your country and how you define `` isolated '' . 
  going to the center of france is not just taking a bus or a train to the place . 
  same in france . 
  i 'm a man , i already saw many times girls go to men 's room because there 's too much waiting in the ladies ' room . 
  nobody cares as long as you 're not assaulting anyone . 
  to get better prices . 
  the price can even vary a lot within a few hours . 
  are you a student or something ? 
   ( of course it 's well known in france ) what ? 
  that 's how it works when you go to another countries , most telecom companies have partnerships with other countries . 
  i 'm french and a orange customer . 
  in austria , i get t-mobile austria for example . 
  the video about vienna says about nothing . 
  good food , expensive , good urban transport network , bad service , good coffee culture , safe and clean . 
  okay . 
  but err ... what to visit ? 
  he even says himself `` there 's too many stuff to visit '' which does n't help at all . 
  kinda everyone that has a house with a big enough garden . 
  from what i recall , my parents grow every year cherries , pears , strawberries , raspberries , potatoes , tomatoes , zucchinis , salad rocket , and that 's about all i can think of,
