  treating the 5 % stuff the same is just cheating me of a real drink . 
  your grandmother did n't need wheels to be a bicycle tbh . 
  it 's called a pain au chocolat but i 'm not a french ponce so it would never actually be said out loud . 
  i do n't think it will be a surprise to anyone when the uk gets a trivial exit bill and in return claims very little . 
  it was a manufactured row , with negotiators posturing . 
  not really . 
  you have the irish , they 're basically the same thing but nicer . 
  and yet if i accidentally on purpose stuck a baton up my bosses arse , i 'd get fired . 
  there 's a lot more to france than paris . 
  it 's a wonderful and beautiful country . 
  it 's ok i 'm allowed to say that because most of it is rightful british soil . 
  i bet it 's the french . 
  you would need agreement from all eu countries to use them ( which is why an eu army will never be used outside humanitarian missions ) . 
  in the event that is forthcoming then france ( and the uk ) would already be launching their own . 
  what is the point exactly ? 
  nuclear weapons only work if it 's believable they 'll be used . 
  who 's she playing to here exactly ? 
  very few like russia on any side . 
  really got to cross your fingers the enemy has n't discovered fire . 
  he seems very poorly informed about the state of british politics . 
  corbyn means may has nothing to worry about . 
  i 'm rather embarrassed for him . 
  we 're not holding anyone hostage . 
  the uk is a sovereign nation whose population decided to leave the eu . 
  any concerns of ireland are entirely irrelevant , yet they are still being taking seriously . 
  what more could you possibly want ? 
  of course not , i just do n't believe we 're going back to the bad times . 
  even if there were a border ( i think we 'll almost certainly sort something ) i do n't think we go back to bombs and killing people . 
  we 'll apply all the pressure we can to make sure the border stays open , and the americans would probably add their weight if needed . 
  nobody wants to go back to that . 
  it 's ok . 
  i do n't even like maple syrup . 
  you do n't actually have to start bombing people because we leave the eu . 
  there was no other option . 
  staying in without concessions just meant we were basically in the eu by the backdoor except had no voice which is silly . 
  we voted to leave it , and there was obviously no chance at concessions we needed . 
  there 's already stuff like duckduckgo for that . 
  i have difficulty believing their primary concern would be privacy . 
  we 've got enough on our own plate , we ai n't having you back . 
  if microsoft ca n't make a viable search engine what makes turkey think they can come close to competing ? 
  do n't lecture people on language when you 're unable to use `` to '' correctly or grasp the possibility of diplomatic language . 
  david cameron did not put a eurosceptic in charge of european relations in 2013 . 
  there 's a possibility that downing street wanted someone in charge from the out camp immediately . 
  you 'd have to be very silly indeed to take everything you read about politics literally . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting so worked up about . 
  he brought up a valid point . 
  i believe he probably did just resign , as a europhile he probably did n't want to be involved in the mess any further but you can still be pushed and put out your resignation in order to keep things tidy . 
  it happens all the time . 
  it often means exactly what he just said . 
  shut up west spain . 
  good beer . 
  monks that prevent easy access to good beer . 
  pretty places . 
  i feel bad i missed this opportunity . 
  in the unlikely event it did become independent it would have the full protection of what remains of the uk who would not look kindly on scottish claims having just broken up the union . 
  if they were then to offer a good deal on that oil to english companies , well it would be rude to say no . 
  seems a bit harsh . 
  it 's his way of flirting . 
  she 'll be fighting the election on not being corbyn . 
  that may well be one of her policies , but it certainly wo n't be what the election is fought over . 
  while i fully support trapping the french in their country , we should probably just stop the migrants getting into europe in the first place . 
  singapore airport is lovely , why would i want to stop going there ? 
  also nobody goes to perth . 
  make it east coast and it 's slightly interesting . 
  keep meaning to get into it . 
  my sister 's bf is into homemade wines and various fruit based stuff and says beer is even easier . 
  i 'm sure i 'd like my own stuff better than the generic crap in tesco , and can still go to a decent pub for the refined stuff . 
  it 's no shepherd 's pie . 
  cheers , great write up . 
  like duvel but we can get it here ( albeit for a price ) . 
  excited to try some more trappists . 
  can get rochefort 10 in the local belgian want to try some others . 
  kriek sounds great . 
  had petrus aged red which i think is a more commercial cherry beer . 
  might take a trip out to bruges to find a midget to do coke with . 
  that looks pretty too . 
  standard of english in cafes bars good right ? 
  i do n't even know what language they speak in that bit . 
  going to ghent for my 30th in january . 
  anything you 'd recommend trying ? 
  there will be beer after i pretend to be cultured and look at pretty things . 
  ireland is the same as the uk . 
  lots of great local breweries , nothing decent the rest of the world knows about . 
  hopefully guinness serves as an introduction to stout that is actually good for some people . 
  stout can be amazing . 
  pretty much everywhere has decent specialty stuff these days . 
  it 's a good time to like decent beer . 
  there 's always been good beer in the uk but now it 's everywhere here . 
  for a fiver for a half ( too strong to serve pints apparently ) in the local belgian specialty pub it bloody should be . 
  the grimbergen dubbel and gulden draak are pretty decent . 
  welcome to the 19th century in europe . 
  well done i guess ? 
  is peterborough really a place of interest though ? 
  really ? 
  planning permission and greenbelt laws for new areas as for why disused buildings exist either councils are enforcing change of use policies far too rigidly or the owners hate money . 
  the big housing companies do n't push/build for more because they like the crazy price . 
  which could have been done monday , making it childish . 
  doubly so given france and the uk , the only european nato nations that matter militarily were n't there . 
  literally everything you wrote is wrong . 
  it 's the europeans that are being childish here .
