  they ca n't exactly afford to give up that money or jobs . 
  you go to spain to get pissed in the sun . 
  italy and france are just more interesting for an actual cultural holiday . 
  we were part of the continent . 
  the plantagenots fucked it up . 
  return the angevin empire and we 'll stay in the eu . 
  and deal with the calais problem . 
  his suit still looks in better nick than what i can be arsed to wear to work most of the time . 
  you 'd have to be pretty self hating to come on reddit as a russian unless you kept out of the news/politics/geographic stuff and stuck strictly to hobby sections . 
  now they 'll have to spend several years in a prison cell that 's nicer than my flat getting fed and clothed . 
  however will they cope . 
  his downfall as leader is going to be glorious when all the tumblr butthurt drama queens realise he 's old left , not ban people from fat shaming and being white males left . 
  so we 're expected to pay into the eu for no return whatsoever ? 
  are you serious ? 
  why on earth would the uk be paying for eurozone problems ? 
  it 's the reason we stayed out of it . 
  anyone who thought not having their own monetary controls was a good idea does n't deserve an economy . 
  that is the stupidest thing i 've read this week . 
  he 's a rapper . 
  he 's probably just a fucking retard . 
  he will employ a financial consultant so he does n't need to worry about tax . 
  no one would ever advise carrying cash around with him . 
  it 's just a black rapper with money thing . 
  why is this labeled controversial ? 
  are the left actually denying they 've cause this travesty now ? 
  when the fucking east europeans have a problem with immigration you know we 've fucked up . 
  have you seen their gypsy ghettos , or that romanian orphanage documentary i saw one time like 10/15 years ago ? 
  these are countries that need to be left alone to sort their own shit out first . 
  that 's not to say the west should accept them either . 
  we should be returning them to north africa . 
  english  italian  french cheese . 
  you literally are considered one group to the west . 
  no one gives a fuck about some special snowflake hungarian . 
  bit rich coming from the east europeans who cry about discrimination and persecution when we complain about their beggars , criminals and benefit slobs coming over here . 
  i 'll take a bmw , some smoked sausage and some of that curry sauce . 
  they really ought to just sell the acropolis to germany and have it shipped to berlin . 
  that would raise a few billion and there 'd actually be something worth seeing in berlin . 
  win win . 
  then years down the line you get to start bitching about muh history and probably get it returned . 
  bargain . 
  the idea being you kill us troops as a sovereign nation you get nuked so russia has to leave you alone ? 
  so the us troops get to sit around getting pissed on bulgarian prices . 
  i 'd take that over japan any day . 
  little bit of poverty never hurt anyone . 
  well except the poor people . 
  in what world is this remotely legal ? 
  we were n't party to negotiations and we are n't part of the euro mess . 
  i ca n't see us paying anything . 
  if we do we will be leaving and it will probably trigger referendums in other sceptic countries . 
  apparently it 's fine to make up the rules as you go along as long as you 're not the uk . 
  `` sorry mrs merkel , my dog ate it . '', 
  those things sound dangerous . 
  probably want to guard them a bit better . 
  who the fuck still has large deposits in greek banks ? 
  have they picked up a paper in the last 5 years ? 
  but that 's just wrong . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i did n't know we got those people in europe . 
  what is it with greeks and not using professional fonts ? 
  so do most of our politicians . 
  it does n't make them anything special . 
  but they said tuesday !, 
  almost as if they were wilfully lying . 
  the government would n't do that would they ? 
  why does he keep blabbing on about tax credits as if it 's any of europe 's business ? 
  if the immigrants are n't coming for the benefits then it wont matter them being taken away from them . 
   finally the government wants a 30 % reduction in its debt burden , as per the imf 's debt sustainability analysis of last week , either through direct write-offs or through lengthening the repayment term . 
  i want to be a billionaire and there to be a naked redhead slut with big tits waiting in my bed tonight , but i do n't see the eu or imf rushing to my aid . 
  not really a freak accident , closer to manslaughter if you fail to securely tie down a giant balloon containing children . 
  there is no danger of greece doing well . 
  what is n't the decision of greeks is whether you get any more money or a new deal . 
  there is no will for that in europe . 
  him going changes nothing . 
  there is no time for a deal before greece runs out of money even if we wanted one . 
  ruin the country and leave . 
  because apparently he only just noticed that the eu leaders disliked him . 
  it 's not going to help get a deal , there is no deal . 
  it 's too late for a deal even if europe wanted to make one . 
  they 're just not living in the real world . 
  well they just did so you would have to ask them that . 
  a democratic mandate from the greeks to take more money from hard-working europeans who actually pay taxes is irrelevant . 
  it 's been what they 've been doing all along . 
  the eu leaders have their own mandates which do not include shitting away endless money on greece which will never be repaid . 
  they will run out of money and leave the euro . 
  they 're done . 
  there is no more money or negotiation . 
  i thought we had been clear on that . 
  the eu were n't bluffing . 
  and it 's what should have happened to iceland . 
  it means there is no more money and greece is fucked until we feel sorry for them and empty our wallets into their bottomless pit of a fucked economy . 
  we could have done this 5 years ago and saved a shitload of money . 
   you have to wonder : why are you living in a foreign country ? 
  you really do n't . 
  he has a point though . 
  the netherlands is too flat . 
  a man needs some hills . 
  also pretty sure putin 's daughter lives in the netherlands . 
  this guy might want to watch his mouth . 
  it 's just been a bit cold for 100 years . 
  it 's really bigger than that .
