  there 's this gorgeous gourmet burger place in york i can easily spend # 40 in . 
  yeah you get chips and salad , but you 're paying for the burger . 
  bet i get change from a greek crackwhore from that . 
  also i 'd pay more for a good halloumi based sandwich than i would for some greek whore . 
  that stuff is great . 
  the combined might of the us , british and french intelligence services are capable of reading edgy muslim posts on twitter by themselves . 
  holy shit . 
  100 more dead . 
  now understandably france is going to want to go in somewhere and fuck up some terrorists . 
  this is going to get messy . 
  this situation would be funny if the batshit leftists actually admitted they were wrong , but they would rather destroy the country than do that and will do just that . 
  it 's actually rather tragic . 
  this is utter nonsense . 
  reducing industry specific tax in a time of low prices is not subsidising . 
  subsidising is what was happening to the wind power and solar companies with little return . 
  so many reactionary idiots in here . 
  there has to be consequences for violating planning laws or everyone would do it , but he should be jailed anyway for putting those windows in a castle . 
  neither of those things are factually correct . 
  also who ? 
  if they feel a safe , warm environment where they are well fed and sheltered is terrible then they obviously did n't need asylum in the first place and should be removed . 
  time for everyone to start hitting that 2 % . 
  looks like the uk gets left alone now . 
  there 's a better target to take the piss out of . 
  i get the alienated anti-status quo vote i really do , we just did it . 
  but the man is a blithering idiot . 
  hopefully he 's reined in by advisers and congress . 
  why is everyone convinced wales likes europe ? 
  it 's not true . 
  it fits the narrative that the english are the bad guys i guess . 
  the motorhead version is much better . 
  a good stout or porter is wholesome . 
  that german stuff . 
  not wholesome . 
  correct ruling, 
  who the hell does he think he is ? 
  an arrest warrant does n't get suspended because it 's inconvenient for you . 
  the guy is delusional . 
  a german was trying to be funny . 
  the results are never pretty . 
  if it was supposed to be a show of strength it really did n't work . 
  they are getting the piss absolutely ripped out of them . 
  it has seen better days bless them . 
  it looks like it 's burning coal for god 's sake . 
  that 's the point ... 
  at last they have a claim to fame other than tintin . 
  that was belgium 's point here , right ? 
  ai n't no cunt eating quorn in my house while i 'm buying the groceries . 
  unless the eu plan to not take any fees from the uk in the next 2 years they are entitled to vote on whatever they see fit . 
  it 's obvious that we get input until we leave . 
  `` at centre of eu decision-making '' is a bit much . 
  a large part of the problem was that we were n't . 
  partially self inflicted , i 'm not sure we ever really tried to join the french and german club . 
  whether the french would have actually let us in we 'll never know . 
  it 's been the same game for over 15 years . 
  i liked it , but i ca n't see the logic in buying it over and over . 
  it 's why the strategy genre died off a lot from it 's late 90 's early 2000 's hey day . 
  there 's only so much you can do with it . 
  we 'd need to sort it so we 're not next to new jersey though . 
  france is n't that bad . 
  vegemite is shit anyway . 
  we got out marmite back . 
  that 's just the script from braveheart , nicola . 
  do other countries have spy agencies that do n't spy on people ? 
  that would probably be a poor use of public money . 
  nope . 
  the alternative is french . 
  they 're the ones most precious about their language and the only ones left with an actual military . 
  this is the problem with wilfully allowing a massive illegal camp of illegal migrants in your territory . 
  the police begin to think that if they do n't have to enforce the law in one area of the country is it really worth the effort of doing it in the rest of the country ? 
  they have brought this upon themselves with such cowardly policy . 
  eu ca n't handle the banter votes . 
  i do n't mind going out and buying some poncey ingredient from some artisan shop if the recipe needs it for a special occasion . 
  it 's the fact they insist on putting it in recipes that do n't need it that pisses me off . 
  this is literally the only problem . 
  chorizo , chicken and rice is nice . 
  i do it all the time . 
  it 's just not paella . 
  why do celebrity chefs always insist on their spin on a clearly defined classic ? 
  just call it chorizo and chicken rice . 
  paella is great . 
  you do n't need to fuck with it . 
  if you do fuck with it do n't call it paella . 
  it 's not hard . 
  jamie 's guide to making a thing : add some olive oil to your olive oil and season with some olive oil . 
  serve and sprinkle with olive oil . 
  they could just sit and be happy with what is a very reasonable deal for their unnecessary workers as long they can get away with it . 
  threatening to strike , which brings transport to a crawl in a global city in a job that can be automated does n't seem like a clever way to protect your workers . 
  it 's precisely why it probably should be automated . 
  tell that to aslef . 
  they seem to think tube drivers on # 50k in london should be threatening to strike for more money all the time for a role that could be easily automated . 
  why ? 
  we can still let in the eastern europeans that we actually need . 
  did some fruit picking as a teen . 
  it 's awful work . 
  could get those on jobseekers to do it . 
  it 's good incentive to find a job . 
  makes retail and factory work look great . 
  the south is pretty good at it outside of inner london . 
  the north and scotland really struggle with it . 
  wales is hit and miss .
