  it 's not the size of your country . 
  it 's the size of your navy . 
  bitches love navies . 
  well that 's what 's been happening for the past 5 years , yeah . 
   would n't be surprised if for example the germans were a hell of a lot better at maintaining engines than the brits and you 'd be wrong . 
  most of their tanks do n't even run . 
  there is literally no country in europe other than the uk who could even begin to match france for experience . 
  we already work together with france . 
  so no , my original point stands . 
  they would clearly be more inexperienced . 
  how can the fact they would be more inexperienced possibly be up for debate . 
  has romania secretly developed a blue water navy while i was n't paying attention ? 
  france already has it 's own support network and global reach . 
  why would it pay to have more inexperienced people doing it ? 
  the opinions of a bunch of countries with no real military is irrelevant . 
  the uk and france do n't want a integrated european military . 
  it 's not happening . 
  it would be completely useless anyway bureaucracy would stop it ever doing anything . 
  that party are finished in europe , does n't matter what the referendum says . 
  there are countries all over the world where most people do n't get pensions and people starve . 
  they do n't get given billions every couple of months . 
  this is greece 's fault . 
  they have completely failed to address any of their problems . 
  europe fucked up by not letting them fail in 2010 , but it 's still on greece , not european taxpayers ( who actually pay tax ) . 
  fuck that . 
  i got burnt today sitting out for a couple hours in the low 20 's . 
  they were just so much more interesting in those days though . 
  overdose on feta cheese so less gets exported . 
  that stuff is vile . 
  getting bored of greece now . 
  could they maybe die a bit quicker and more quietly ? 
  it 's become very clearly apparent that at least some of the support staff and diplomats are not really qualified to be in their position . 
  a lot of the stuff i 'm reading looks like it 's written by a nigerian prince trying to give me money . 
  those that were qualified have probably fled the country for other jobs . 
  when all the choices are this bad all they have to do is choose one and stick with it to look strong . 
  they ca n't even manage that . 
  that 's it take a stand against homosexuals by spraying them all over with your big hose . 
  i 'm sure the scammer will put it to better use than the greeks anyway . 
  yes . 
  it 's very significantly cheaper . 
  the greek banks are not solvent , making them ineligible for support . 
  they 're just making this up as they go along and ignoring the rules . 
  thus ending several years of flushing european tax payers money down the toilet to stave off the inevitable . 
  going to suck for greece , but they 'll get over it . 
  in a couple of weeks butthurt greeks wo n't be able to afford internet to downvote me . 
  both christianity and islam are very clearly against homosexuals . 
  not keen on the whole pick and choose the bits you like thing . 
  makes more sense to just give up on the worshipping a bigoted skydaddy if you disagree with the teachings . 
  they were taking the piss . 
  they were in position where they had no cards and still were trying to hold out . 
  they 're delusional . 
  now they destroy their country . 
  hopefully they are forced to leave the eu or else we get a never-ending stream of immigrants as punishment . 
  damn it . 
  always wanted to be ( genghis ) khan alexander ( the great ) . 
  has a better ring to it . 
  i also wake up in the morning . 
  hitler also woke up in the morning . 
  that does n't make me agree with hitler . 
  there is no significance.it 's irrelevant . 
  i keep hearing how i support putin if i do n't like a federal europe state . 
  do n't worry i graduated from a russell group uni i can just about manage to oppose 2 things at the same time in my little head . 
  more than 2 in fact . 
  i also do n't support slavery or torturing jean-claude juncker , because regardless of whether a person is jean-claude juncker torture is still wrong . 
  occasionally you find a gem but fake tits ruin everything ? 
  we could just cut out the middle man and send a couple of type 45 destroyers down to blow them up . 
  they could try bombing them . 
  i would n't advise it . 
  what exactly is the leftist solution ? 
  is the eu and imf just supposed to pay the bills indefinitely with no conditions ? 
  sounds like a good way for libya to lose its air force . 
  because being in the eu magically makes you rich and everything ok . 
  according to the eu . 
  so they just let everyone in and then everything is ok . 
  maybe he can buy a better suit now . 
  they 're different groups but basically the same sort of thing , same problems . 
  just treating them like everyone else is a start . 
  if i set up a tent on a village green and the locals object the police are going to turn up and force me to move on or arrest me , so why do they get weeks ? 
  an american style 3 strikes and you 're out law would help too , given they actually bother charging them in the first place . 
  vigilante justice is always wrong , but i 'll sleep fine tonight . 
  might be more disgusted if the actual justice system dealt with gypsys properly . 
  no one cares enough about wales to hate it . 
  i mean there 's not a whole lot to like , but it 's not hated . 
  if people do n't hate you you 're not a real country . 
  ireland 's rating was never really less than the uk 's . 
  we would always bail them out where possible . 
  to suggest otherwise displays a disturbing ignorance of british and irish politics . 
  our threats actually have a bite . 
  if anyone else threatens to leave you can just tell them to fuck off . 
  germany secretly shares some of the concerns anyway . 
  not giving your poor people our tax money makes us hitler how exactly ? 
  it 's literally just common sense . 
  we 'll still need cheap labour and will let people in for work . 
  the idea that they can just come and expect the state to support them is over , in or out of the eu . 
  a whole 27m ? 
  they must be stinging . 
  how is this even controversial ? 
  people suggesting that eastern europeans should be able to move to rich countries without employment or the means to support themselves and claim benefits without paying into the system are so far off their rocker that it 's pointless engaging with them . 
  these are going to be the same people who think we should n't have borders and just allow the whole world in . 
  probably with some comment about slaves and colonies thrown in the mix .
