  trying to spin it as subservience is bullshit that is an accusation you could level at the british , though less so in obama years but the french are a high strung breed and do n't put up with being talked down too . 
  it is simply a matter of shared interests . 
  why is he still talking ? 
  he was supposed to go away . 
  how is that any different to english where every rule has a multitude of exceptions and spelling can be ridiculous . 
  the french butthurt about english contaminating their language is always hilarious though . 
  it 's basically norfolk . 
  with more religious crazies . 
  it 's given absolutely nothing . 
  eastern europe can just say no to benefit bans and if 55 % of the eu agreed with us on contentious issues then we would n't be having a fucking referendum . 
  they 're mocking us while cameron stands there pretending he 's won something . 
  seen worse toilets on the last train back from leeds to york after a night out . 
  britain was literally responsible for all of that though . 
  it had nothing to do with those countries . 
  thanking them is stupid . 
  ahem . 
  thanking the wrong people here . 
  it would n't have been indians responsible for the decision . 
  and no worries , anytime . 
  a sight to behold truly . 
  the french protesting something actually worthwhile rather than protesting being made to go to work multiple hours each week or the british not subsidising french agriculture enough or the fact there are cars in paris suburbs that were n't on fire . 
  and the us and uk have the best universities in the world . 
  not saying the system is close to perfect but good universities cost money . 
  hopefully it does n't get derailed by any of the delegation ironing out the details glancing any shrunken marble cock . 
  frankfurt wo n't even be that . 
  no shit they got swindled . 
  they ended up in finland . 
  the free shit is in sweden . 
  absolutely nothing wrong with hating veggies or cyclists . 
  we 've established belgium is n't real so are the terrorists even real ? 
  and they wonder why people question their humour . 
  if the oil prices do n't get you the unmanned attack barges will . 
  to be deducted from their wages for any indiscretions when they start working in amazon warehouses . 
  if holland floods they all die , so they tend to take it a bit more seriously . 
  there 's been an increase in `` freak '' weather without the corresponding investment in flood defence . 
  york floods every single year and little is done and that 's somewhere actually nice that attracts tourists . 
  the rest of the north is fucked . 
  well that 's much more understandable . 
  it is french . 
  if she loses the battle then it 's only right that our continental lands under french occupation be returned to us . 
  this calais mayor really likes the limelight . 
  get the french police to do something about people illegally on french soil or fuck off . 
  is anywhere actually getting a proper winter ? 
  it 's fucking ridiculous , i 'm used to no snow but it should at least have the decency to be cold . 
  i 've had bbq 's in 15 degrees before . 
  in england i sit in my boxers on my own eating steak , drinking red wine and watching netflix . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i hope it catches on . 
  in a scottish classroom , the teacher asks a student , `` if you have 5 pounds , and i ask you to borrow 2 , how many pounds do you have left ? '', 
  it 's the only realistic option until the transition to fusion can be reached in the future . 
  environmentalists need to get their head out of their arses and start living in the real world . 
  it 's all well and good opposing everything from your ivory tower but that does n't actually help solve anything . 
  renewable energy currently has too many problems to completely replace carbon unless you live in an incredibly geothermic suitable area such as iceland . 
  what he actually said was `` you backed the wrong person for leadership so now i 'm going to fuck shit up for you for 5 years '' . 
  how long in a hotel does life in sweden get you these days ? 
  cornwall would n't last a week on their own and they know it . 
  useful lesson . 
  if you do n't know what you 're getting paid or when you 're getting paid , you 're probably not getting paid . 
  if you 're not old enough to actually do the job you 're probably not getting paid . 
  that is all welfare . 
  no one is under the impression it all goes to unemployed . 
  the welfare budget is far too large and needs cutting . 
  because they 're literally welfare . 
  `` welfare includes welfare '' . 
  that 's largely the point , yes . 
  silly france , they should just ban terrorism instead . 
  too heavily . 
  only rich cunts and gamekeepers get to have guns . 
  exactly i know how to buy just about anything short of nukes on the internet although the druggie cunts did make the darknet less of a secret . 
  it 's certainly not really a valid argument for legalisation on it 's own . 
  although i do support heavily regulated gun ownership . 
  you can do do both though . 
  these people are just shit at it . 
  if you 're going to go batshit at least put some thought into it , it 's the principle of the thing . 
  if i were going to go full maniac i would n't be able to resist getting a gun to show how clever and better than the government i was . 
  none of this knife and sword bollocks . 
  they 're just being lazy tbh . 
  merkel should mention that russia has an economy smaller than italy . 
  for the bantz . 
  it 's not a sovereign country if they had their fingers crossed behind their backs at the breakup of the soviet union . 
  the americans got a good 10 years out of 9/11 . 
  you can squeeze at least a year out of paris to justify anything . 
  tell us what you really think . 
  some encryption is vulnerable , encrypted messages will attract more attention . 
  cryptic encrypted messages would attract further investigation . 
  an understanding of the subject would help i think , although it 's not infallible . 
  tor was thought to be infallible at one point but security services now control enough nodes . 
  i believe you still have to fuck up to get caught , but these are n't highly educated people . 
  yeah but they were n't real europeans so they do n't actually count as people . 
  why else is hitler a dirty word , while stalin and mao are mere dictators , when they killed more people ? 
  i get the whole eating them thing europeans do , that 's fine . 
  horrible , skittish , stupid animals , but come on do n't have sex with your food that 's impolite . 
  this was clearly fucking stupid and they got lucky , but you 're probably better off using slightly coded unencryted messages than secure messages unless you understand the maths behind it and are 100 % certain that it 's uncrackable . 
  more effort is going into cracking encryption than can possibly be spent deciphering slightly weird text messages that do n't contain any keywords . 
  if the west are going to go apeshit about service dogs dying you can hardly blame russia for capitalising on it . 
  well played as far as i 'm concerned . 
  and knowing this affects our lives how ? 
  i did know , but i do n't see why anyone should be expected to . 
  it 's hardly relevant to the fact the eu is fucked up and needs massive reformation . 
  really depends on how strict you are on the definition of sandwich .
