  the best ones left . 
  this is n't really a surprise . 
  i find it hard to beleive there 's nothing though . 
  lower your standards a little and train up the brightest graduates perhaps rather than expecting the perfect experienced candidate . 
  those people tend to have jobs . 
  the midlands and northwest have had a lot of immigration , suffer from economic deprivation and were stronger out than predicted . 
  london is obviously a different matter . 
  they ca n't afford them and tend to settle in poorer ghettos . 
  of course it was . 
  people living in shitholes are angry with authority and tend to be those most heavily affected by immigration . 
  absolutely outrageous comments . 
  sandwich spread is vile . 
  do you get punched a lot ? 
  it sounds like you get punched a lot . 
  arrogantly assuming all your opponents are idiots is not a clever strategy and unhelpful in persuading them to join your side . 
   gasoline seriously ? 
  give them enough money and they will soon become cooperative , it will take a lost less money than it currently costs europe . 
  italy under mussolini had a massive fascism problem . 
  europe has a massive problem with the left being unable to cope with any other points of view and resorting to offensive and ridiculous comparisons . 
  it 's objectively fantastic british architecture . 
  you 'd have to be an obsessed scot nat to take offence to that . 
  you 're worse than the bloody irish . 
  at least they took a real stand and started bombing shit when we did n't give them enough potatoes or whatever they wanted . 
  you lot just get butthurt on the internet . 
  this time next year every major city in europe will have its most important and central pedestrian areas protected by bollards . 
  we already managed to prevent most of their methods of attack , now they 'll have to turn to the suburbs if they want their new favourite to work . 
  they 've used it a few too many times now . 
  uk wants it , ireland wants it , germany wants it . 
  who does n't want it ? 
  i bet it 's the french . 
  it 's always the french . 
  who shat in austria 's cereal ? 
  because you 're literally wrong . 
  scotland was heavily involved in the empire at every level . 
  i would n't even be surprised , we can only be so nice to each other before it all gets a bit sickly . 
  luckily no one cares about your books . 
  the thread was real , just likely a coincidental troll . 
  why on earth would you think we care what the rest of the world labels people ? 
  there has been high immigration from the subcontinent . 
  the subcontinent is in asia . 
  we call these people asians . 
  the amount of ignorant foreigners that think incorrectly this is something to do with political correctness is ridiculous . 
  americans will think of asians as people from east asia for exactly the same reasons , they have higher immigration from there . 
  and now a dual anniversary . 
  tight security all round next year . 
  not strange at all in the uk . 
  nothing on the others . 
  note that does not include bruges . 
  colin farrell was right . 
  to be fair brussels is a bit shit . 
  better off taking in ghent , antwerp , ypres then just popping into brussels for a weird handshake with the most important person he can find . 
   blew cash on `` drinks and women '' implying that is a waste of cash . 
  i 'd imagine they 're probably not going to start a war over the uk leaving and not paying a ridiculous bill with no legal justification . 
  i doubt very much they go down that route , it 's obviously not enforceable . 
  a smaller amount will be negotiated . 
  just give us our rightful french territory , and unrestricted access to the single market and we 'll give you a few quid for the pensions and call it even eh ? 
  and to be clear no one is serious compared to the british empire . 
  the countries that did n't failed to because they were too weak or poor . 
  not because they had some moral problem with it . 
  less of the victim complex . 
  that 's british clay . 
  we 've covered this . 
  yes , but the fortifications have been for show since the 16th century . 
  making many examples glorified country houses . 
  proper fortified castles have been irrelevant for a very long time . 
  most fell into disrepair . 
  so you have far more of the follies and poncey houses about . 
  if i lived next door to port talbot i 'd want to be in a castle too . 
  place looks like mordor . 
  you can hardly blame trump . 
  he heard it on fox news . 
  ghent is much better . 
  bruges is just full of tourist tat . 
  how many chocolate shops do you need . 
  christ you people are delusional . 
  funding to your fucking university does n't fix the # 12.5 billion deficit making it illegible for eu membership under current rules . 
  relations with france and germany are entirely irrelevant compared to the relationship with england . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do do a humanities subject ... 
  if the eu followed their own rules scotland would n't be able to join for decades . 
  of course they wo n't and scotland will be fastracked . 
  it 's one of the reasons we left , we actually treated the rules like they mattered . 
  just keep doing the wine and food and i 'll be happy . 
  scotch whisky is a big thing . 
  to the extent they 're wrecking it trying to produce enough for demand . 
  not into fashion , but we do good suits i ca n't afford . 
  none of that poncey italian shit when i get rich !, 
  aston martin is the best . 
  are you suggesting the uk does n't ? 
  greek debts have nothing to do with us . 
  we literally told you the euro was going to be a mess and we wanted no part . 
  then we were proven right but the eurozone wo n't undertake the fiscal transfers necessary to make it work . 
  but keep blaming the uk for stopping closer european integration if it makes you feel better . 
  good effort though , sweden . 
  more commonly known as the british isles . 
  this triggers the irishman . 
  it 's not 1980 any more . 
  the only half serious one in the uk other than countries is the cornish , and their economy is too dogshit for it ever to be more than a half serious joke . 
  belgian beer is very good . 
  would be better if there was the option to serve it in pints . 
  i get the 10 % stuff .
