  you seem upset . 
  it 's always the fucking balkans . 
  i fail to see any compelling reason why anti vaxxers whose children get ill are n't jailed . 
  the fun has n't even started with the greek depression . 
  that happens when they actually fail to repay and crash out of the eurozone . 
  they really should have done it years ago and got it over with . 
  it 's going to happen and they 're delaying the inevitable . 
  they could have been on the road to recovery by now . 
  merkel 's going to love it when she realises the same shit is going to happen with every eastern european shithole they keep letting in . 
  the most relevant nick clegg has felt in ages . 
  what were they doing outside of the kitchen in the first place ? 
  and that might matter if every other country in the eu refused too . 
  as it is they just walk in the door as soon as someone grants them asylum . 
  the people clamouring on boats across the med and seeking asylum are not highly qualified . 
  i 'm uncomfortable with the government being able to tell me what i can and ca n't wear . 
  a better solution would be to stop importing so many muslims . 
  i had hoped it was a video of juncker on fire . 
  well if ireland can do it there 's no reason the rest of the developed world ca n't follow suit . 
  lies and slander . 
  now if france had lost the hundred years war , then we 're going places . 
  stupid plantagenets . 
  the french did n't want us in and they want us out . 
  that 's not a surprise . 
  but they 'll bow down and do what the germans fucking well tell them . 
  merkel will offer us some minor concessions , everyone will agree to it and cameron will pretend they mean something . 
  with the end result of us staying in and nothing changing . 
  so less than 1/3 and not high at all ? 
  just crash and die already everyone know 's it 's going to happen eventually . 
  might as well get it over with . 
  they 're obviously worried about attracting a lower class of clientele . 
  to mcdonald 's . 
  in manchester . 
  if they are using their initiative and volunteering off their own back already they will likely end up with a job fairly quickly and wo n't need to worry about whatever arbitrary hoops the dwp want them to jump through . 
  it would be silly to pretend that there are n't large numbers of neets out there that are doing nothing and have no chance of getting a job without something changing . 
  work experience has the potential to help them . 
  they should be doing something constructive with their time or they 're never getting a job . 
  as long as it 's appropriate , such as working for charities rather than being free labour for supermarkets i do n't see a problem . 
  a romanian , really ? 
  that 's not really worth boasting about . 
  worth 1/4 of an american or brit . 
  the racism of these jihadis is pretty shocking . 
  not all white people are the same you know . 
  that sounds like something a french person would say . 
  we 've spent a thousand years trying to prevent it , seems silly to stop now . 
  it 's not really a race when russia has an economy smaller than italy . 
  it does n't really matter what the ft says when the company itself literally says no decision is made . 
  it 's not a story . 
  `` early days and no decisions have been made '' . 
  some work on reduction of bureaucracy but mostly ban french people and france . 
  they would just cease to exist . 
  it would be returned to rightful english clay . 
  formerly french people would be flogged until they lose their ridiculous accent and speak her majesty 's english flawlessly . 
  do n't really get the point . 
  none of those buildings have changed except they 've had the soot cleaned off now . 
   willing to integrate into society no . 
   carry the french flag with pride . 
   speak french god no . 
  coming anyway , you have better bread . 
  if i speak loudly and point they 'll get the idea . 
  that would do absolutely nothing considering they already go through southern europe and head straight for the uk , germany and sweden . 
  it 's a step up from bankrolling irish terrorism for 30 years . 
  you 've got to take these things slowly . 
  if they were just looking for shelter then they probably would have stopped before they get to calais . 
  the problem was n't so much the hra as ridiculous interpretation by activist judges to allow terrorists and dangerous criminals to stay . 
  there 's little to suggest they wo n't continue doing the same with any new act unless it is so vague as to not offer any protection . 
  every major museum has contentious items of foreign origin . 
  setting a precedent where a country can claim items simply because muh feelings is never going to happen . 
  no court is going to single handedly rule to destroy every major museum in the world . 
  which is essentially what the greeks are asking for . 
  france . 
  not all french people were terrible . 
  just most of them . 
  any non liberal circlejerk opinion on / r/unitedkingdom is an auto ban . 
  it 's a pretty ridiculous place . 
  it 's like they 're trying to make the uk leave by just being insane . 
  it does n't matter we can opt out when you give out passports like candy and they just move here anyway . 
  it was a joke . 
  christ you people are actually brain dead are n't you ? 
  i doubt the vast majority even knew who the candidate was . 
  maybe fptp was once about your local mp but it 's not now . 
  nearly everyone just votes the party . 
  wait they have things other than resorts full of british chavs getting drunk and puking everywhere ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  just said that the whole euro project was only going to benefit one or two countries . 
  the uk saw this coming . 
  france thought it was going to be them , they were wrong it 's all germany now . 
  we 're not in the eurozone precisely because of this situation . 
  we 're still going to be affected by the rest of europe 's idiocy . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why we did n't join and the people who did deserve what they get . 
  it 's kind of hilarious to watch except we still feel the fallout economically for their fuckwittery . 
  germany should really compensate the uk when the eurozone does eventually fail . 
  it 's insane the eu has n't done anything about fifa yet . 
  qatar in summer ? 
  are you serious . 
  i mean if you have to bribe do you have to be so fucking obvious about it ? 
  the fifa hierarchy deserve to be jailed for being so fucking stupid , never mind the corruption charges . 
  getting a bit fed up of these laws approving or disapproving surveillance as if it 's going to make the slightest of difference . 
  it 's happening anyway . 
  why not make a law saying there 's world peace and everyone is happy .
