  or ukip . 
  they can complain about whatever they want to , they 're just not going to be taken very seriously as a tourist city complaining about tourists . 
  barcelona is n't quite as bad as a lot of places in spain for the really shitty lower class tourists . 
  if you think the tourists going to venice and rome are bad you should see what spain are getting . 
  you 're getting the cultured lot . 
  but when you go to central venice it 's literally all tourist shit . 
  i mean if they think they can do it go for it . 
  i 'd be all over venice without the tourist crap . 
  venice without the tourists would start a new tourist boom of people wanting to see venice without the tourists . 
  well yeah it sucks , there 's too many tourists but it survives on that tourism . 
  reminds me of the cornish over here complaining about tourism when its literally the only thing they have going . 
  do n't look a gifthorse in the mouth and all that . 
  it needs to be about better management not bitching about them . 
  we 're talking about gb here . 
  english football is another matter . 
  a matter that is never getting solved . 
  they 've got all the money in the world and still ca n't do anything . 
  it comes from an intrinsic superiority to the rest of the world . 
  see where the french went wrong is in the bizarre assumption that they were the better nation . 
  also the investment helps . 
  paris is a shithole . 
  berlin has got to be one of the most boring capitals . 
  wind is a start , just need to develop the technology to be powered by rain , grey clouds and depression and they 're sorted . 
  banning what people are allowed to wear in the west is bullshit , even if i personally disagree with it . 
  it 's missing the bigger issue , it 's putting a plaster over the sawn off limb of europe 's immigration policy . 
  banning the burka is n't suddenly going to make a bunch of backwards tribes people suddenly integrate and assimilate and respect women as actual people . 
  abandoning our culture of freedoms in a foolhardy attempt to fix their incompatible culture is not the way to go . 
  it 's protected by the uk , europe 's strongest link in defence and intelligence . 
  how about worrying about every country on the continent other than france ? 
  they actually have an issue . 
  it 's one of the most populated countries in europe with the consumers at hand , miles of unprotected coast . 
  the irish with experience of smuggling weapons and bombs turned their hand to drugs just as well , great transport links to everybody . 
  if it was n't the biggest it really should be . 
  scandinavian english is better than half the natives , and better than all the scottish . 
  some of them speak in an american accent which is hilarious but also humiliating . 
  we like to pretend we 're more important and that you 're learning our language . 
  i do n't think brits have any special status regarding immigration anymore , but yeah i 'm dual national . 
  can walk in tomorrow . 
  well not tomorrow . 
  i 'd need to renew my australian passport . 
  i do like my pretty historic cities . 
  shame i 'm so shit at languages or i 'd be considering living in a tour of europes best , but it 's just poor form to work in a place and not speak the language even if you technically just about could as an english speaker . 
  as a scandinavian you 're one of the few people who would n't balk at australian prices if you 'd prefer a change of climate . 
  do n't know why you would though yours is better . 
  not really family , not close and got that there too . 
  it 's incredibly expensive now which is one reason , when i 've got a job here and am screwed if i do n't find one quick there . 
  also love the pretty historic cities here , i live in one and australia/america/nz may be great but there 's just not the same beauty in the cities ( nz and america can makeup for it in natural beauty , oz does n't really ) . 
  i 'm also terrible in heat , start sweating heavily over 25 degrees which it can reach in winter in brisbane . 
  do need to visit and assess options . 
  it 's not completely off the table . 
  was being a tad facetious . 
  it seemed to be less plane based in the western world . 
  planes were getting hijacked every other week by arabs upset about israel in the 70 's and nobody gave a shit until 9/11 . 
  the dual nationality thing was far more fun 5/10 years a go . 
  australia 's golden generation of rugby/cricket seems to have died off . 
  i 'd move back , but brisbane summers can fuck off . 
  the whole point about france was they let anyone in but they had to adapt and assimilate and be french . 
  that seems to have gone wrong somewhere along the way . 
  i moved here from australia when i was 6 and remember fuck all about it . 
  other than going into the cabin and meeting the pilot on the ba flight over . 
  this was before terrorism in western countries was invented . 
  sounds like he 's our problem and not much of a norwegian somali . 
  i 'm only an australian when they 're beating england . 
  people who are so useless they 've been sitting around on the dole for years literally are n't qualified for shelf stacking . 
  why would a shop ever hire them over a 16 year old straight out of school ? 
  they need to prove they are worth the investment . 
  those that are will be offered jobs . 
  these are only forced on the longterm unemployed . 
  these people are useless and are never going to get a job by themselves . 
  maybe they get lucky and are offered a job stacking shelves that they would n't have bothered getting off their own back . 
  it 's every week at the moment . 
  this is getting stupid . 
  too many greats to mention historically , so sticking to people who are alive david attenborough not close . 
  national fucking treasure . 
  maybe england is god 's own country after all . 
  because finland certainly fucking is n't . 
  but i do n't need to do it . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  they do . 
  just wondering why they are worse than other europeans when they are clearly very smart . 
  this is a world class institution they 're doing phds at . 
  i was n't saying they 're the most closely related languages just that they appear closely related . 
  they are more similar than the scandinavian languages whose citizens are better at english than anyone in northern england . 
  oh yeah i know full well our little island is full of weird accents . 
  knew a guy at uni with a heavy yorkshire accent who did linguistics specialising in french and im sure the guys in lille were amused by his accent in his year abroad . 
  just i live in a uni city and it 's weird seeing these french phds speak terrible or highly accented english when its probably the closest language . 
  they just can not lose the heavy accent . 
  only french person ive known speak proper fluent english was dual nat . 
  if it 's so easy why are the french so shit at it ? 
  even the ones that are `` fluent '' are ridiculously hard to understand because of their very strong accents . 
  compared to the germans and scandis who speak it better than half the natives . 
  of course they 've heard of spain it 's our retirement home for those that ca n't afford australia or florida . 
  or it was . 
  remains to be seen if it continues but i 'd bet on yes . 
  it 's a mutually beneficial arrangement and spain could do with their cash . 
  of course . 
  after all appearances and feelings are much more important than practicality . 
  southern europe is walking off a cliff . 
  deutsche bank is about to go nuclear but let 's make petty digs at the uk . 
  minimum wage factory workers do not receive visas for australia , us and canada .
