`` european unity '' that 's the thing we have as long as we 're doing exactly what germany wants at all times , right ? 
  looks like a posh liverpool suburb . 
  they 're fleeing from having a worse standard of living and economic prospects than denmark . 
  good luck with that . 
  this is what happens when you welcome people illegally entering europe . 
  to think it would suddenly stop when you decided you 've had your fill is insane . 
  the people in power who encouraged the immigration should be held criminally negligent for all the deaths they caused to the people they encouraged to travel here . 
  they 'd be pretty fucking terrible at their job as muslim radicals if they were n't . 
  it 's hilarious that they think it would just stop after several years of open borders . 
  there are billions of people in the queue that want a german life . 
  disturbing amount of blissful ignorance on the left . 
  i was n't arguing the polls were accurate , just that there is a reason for the discontent , where perhaps it had been assumed that it would be an easy win for the government position . 
  cameron 's cynical `` negotiating '' is going to backfire . 
  everyone with any political interest knows he ca n't get anything and the things he will hold up as victories will be embarrassing . 
  it will be closer than people think . 
  it 's a lot more than just immigration . 
  i mean of course it would be a lot easier if the uk just ignored everything they did n't like about eu commitments like france do and somehow got away with it , but apparently it 's actually enforced for us . 
  we were never part of the group and that 's always been clear . 
  the same reason they keep leaving sweden for the uk . 
  they 're just greedy as fuck . 
  they 're leaving literally superiour countries because they 've heard more about england and germany . 
  these people have lost touch with reality . 
  have they seen malmo recently ? 
  the beauty of italy , the efficiency of northern europe . 
  so it does n't feel like a filthy tourist rammed shithole . 
  people who are too stupid to use a secret email address and finances to join a scam cheating site are not going to be a massive loss to humanity . 
  so has anyone got a solution to their problems other than elections every couple of months after failed pms resign ? 
  feel free to have a discussion rather than just down-voting . 
  there is only one way this ends . 
  it 's going to be less painful in the long run if you just do as the germans say . 
  for god 's sake just get it over and done with and elect germany 's puppet . 
  you have to know it 's going to happen eventually . 
  you 're just wasting europe 's money and goodwill in the meantime . 
  i think drought in northern european terms just means there was a summer . 
  that 's pretty gay brah . 
  of course there are some legitimate bisexuals and lesbians , but the vast majority were doing it for attention . 
  while the gay boys were too scared to come out until college/uni . 
  this is n't new . 
  half the girls in my school decided they were bisexual . 
  until they grew up at least . 
  seems kind of pointless to be anything other than british . 
  i would suggest leaving the british flags and everyone else wearing some sort of dirty tar mark denoting the fact that they failed the lottery of life . 
  it 's a matter of principle . 
  you would n't understand . 
  developed nations pay their debts , they do n't have referendums deciding not to pay their debts . 
  i did n't suggest bull fighting was trophy hunting . 
  trophy hunters still kill their animals in a humane manner , they just do it for a stupid reason . 
  bull fighters torture them to death . 
  people give a shit about the welfare of the animals . 
  nobody is laughing , but anybody from a civilised country is going to find these practices difficult to understand . 
  we allowed bullbaiting too once in the uk . 
  it was banned in 1835 , 30 years after the first attempt to ban it . 
  trophy hunting is heavily frowned upon here . 
  how the fuck did you manage to miss the lion shit ? 
  people whose job it is to torture bulls do not deserve sympathy . 
  nor do people who think running in front of angry bulls is a good idea . 
  why exactly am i supposed to give a shit ? 
  i 'm no limp fisted greenie , i have no problem with people hunting for food , but if you 're going to fuck about with mistreated bulls i 'm not getting upset if you die . 
  i 'm not a fucking retard so i 'm not going to become addicted to heroin and get into their position . 
  i could n't give a toss what homeless initiatives they do in shitholes like east london , but to have them standing on every other street corner in our beautiful historic cities like york , cambridge , bath , norwich is moronic . 
  they are tourist cities . 
  tourists do n't want to be interrupted by some bum trying to get them to buy a magazine . 
  they may never come back given they 're all over every city centre . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  they 've stolen enough british taxpayer money . 
  and fish . 
  i 'll definitely visit piemonte next time . 
  i adore italy . 
  the people the architecture , the food are all outstanding . 
  it 's just sad seeing things when they could be so much better . 
  i just imagine visiting italy in like 1900 . 
  i mean you 'd all be poor as fuck , but no tourists and all the untouched beauty . 
  i 'm sure there are nice places to visit in italy still , but venice , rome , florence are some of the most beautiful cities on earth and it 's spoilt by the crass commercialisation , overcrowding , touts , scammers ect . 
  i just want it to be nicer . 
  it happens in northern europe too , but it 's so much worse there . 
  if they 're not careful they 'll lose the cultured tourists with money and end up with the british drunks in the sun . 
  ask the spanish how fun that is . 
  i do yeah , i just want to do without all the tourist tat and over commercialisation of the most beautiful country on earth . 
  there 's got to be a better way to do things . 
  the tourist numbers you ca n't do much about , but you 've got to improve the experience . 
  you just feel like meat . 
  if you 're homeless in the uk you have access to accommodation . 
  people sleeping on the streets have been kicked out because they 're on drugs or they do n't want it often because of mental issues . 
  the homeless people minding their own business sleeping in a doorway are far less annoying than the state sanctioned poor/homeless pestering you to buy the big issue on every other street corner . 
  shame about the bulls dying . 
  haha . 
  i do need to go to portugal . 
  i 've got a portuguese friend here who never shuts up about how much better your food is . 
  and you are our oldest allies after all . 
  some of it at least also has a slightly kinder climate than parts of spain and italy . 
  28 + makes me hurt . 
  yeah not into the whole tacky getting drunk on holiday culture that not just us but a lot of northern europeans view a lot of southern europe as . 
  i know it does , i 'm just being naughty . 
  seriously though that does seem to be the general stereotype in the uk . 
  all our trash go to spain . 
  spain has n't got anything on italy for being overcrowded by tourists though . 
  some of the most beautiful places in the world and the experience is ruined because of the numbers and the corresponding tourist tat . 
  florence was awful . 
  venice manages to be the most stunning and most terrible place at the same time . 
  spain should be careful what they wish for .
