  the us has the ability to nuke the european economy by finishing off db at will . 
  stop poking the fucking bear in the fucking eye . 
  no one ever believed they would n't . 
  the eurozone woul n't survive another banking crisis . 
  why on earth would consideration ever be given to 30,001 people over 65 million ? 
  that would never happen in any country in the world . 
  hate crimes only happen in the uk because of the racist brexit voters . 
  so does a village with a coal power station . 
  this person needs to learn how to headline . 
  they 're not evading tax they 're paying what they legally have to , big corporations do not break tax laws . 
  if the host countries have lax tax laws that 's their problem . 
  they have a duty to their shareholders to minimise their tax burden . 
  the eu should be punishing the countries that allow such tax loopholes not the companies not being morons and taking advantage of it . 
  but it 's easier to just retroactively steal money from american corporations . 
  funny how the german and french businesses doing the same thing are n't suffering the same fate , and they do n't get taxed twice like the americans . 
  no way in hell this gets prosecuted if it is n't eddie izzard . 
  he should be made to pay for the costs of his special treatment . 
  this whole sub is obsessed with brexit and hates the uk it 's macabre and fucked up . 
  if on leaving the club everyone wants to destroy you it 's a disturbing club . 
  reminds me of american gangs . 
  why on earth should we be propping up the eu if they 're that ready to turn on us . 
  you people are sick in the head . 
  you 're obsessed . 
  find a hobby . 
  better not be a british company that get hit in the tit for tat . 
  not our fucking problem any more . 
  it can and is . 
  when referring to a votes results one usually is referring to those that voted . 
  if they wanted a say they had the opportunity . 
  there is very clearly a small majority . 
  wikileaks does n't substantially differ from rt at this point . 
  they serve the same purpose . 
  is spain trying to have a conversation with google ? 
  are we supposed to be ashamed ? 
  being shit at arms sales is n't going to make world peace . 
  just means someone else is getting rich and someone else is collecting the tax . 
  who the fuck do you think the alternative is ? 
  there is one governing party and they are the tories that was the case at the election and at this point if you 're suggesting voting for someone else you 're nuts and i say that as originally a big may opponent even as a tory , having removed my flair on her occupation . 
  she 's impressed and been conciliatory , her more batshit authoritarian side is yet to come , i 'm sure . 
  then you should have tried harder . 
  you 'd prefer to pay for a d student to do media studies at the university of bedfordshire than fund cancer drugs . 
  who is the bad person here again ? 
  absolute nonsense . 
  i was born poor and managed fine . 
  it 's about not paying literally stupid people to do worthless degrees instead of paying for important things . 
  if some bright kids with behaviour problems slip through the cracks boo fucking hoo they would have failed in the workplace anyway . 
  paying for every useless person going to uni in england means cuts elsewhere like the nhs and people dying . 
  not being an idealistic hippie cunt does n't make me a bad person . 
  well having great unis has got to be one of the reasons . 
  why travel all that way ( paying extortionate prices ) if we have to pay ? 
  most of europe ca n't compete with scotland 's great unis . 
  i 'd be fine with free tuition but it would have to go back to being an elite thing with only the best going to uni rather than the joke it is now . 
  maybe not but it does however get rid of the ill will from the rest of the uk who see you all living it up with freebies while we struggle . 
  i mean i 've fucking been to port glasgow and know what it 's like , but it does n't sound fair . 
  and the whole paying for europeans but not us thing is out of order , would have gone to edinburgh in a heartbeat . 
  one of the best cities in the uk . 
  only rival is my own old uni city , york . 
  you are n't special fucking snowflakes . 
  there are places all over the uk like that . 
  south wales and northern ireland are worse off , plenty of places in england the same . 
  maybe stop providing free tuition and prescriptions and deal with the poverty first . 
  it 's in scotland 's hands . 
  they have better representation than most , but it 's not enough and seem to want to lead the worlds 5th economy with 5m people . 
  we have rubber too but we use it to rub out pencil rather than sticking holes in it and eating it . 
  there is no need to be upset . 
  france is n't that bad . 
  a lot of it is pretty and some of its cheese is nearly as good as english stuff . 
  well he 's not wrong . 
  people still see paris as the most romantic place on earth . 
  they 're hideously incorrect , but that 's an image they should prolong as long as possible . 
  there 's some leeway inbetween not having children working 14 hours and paying them western wages . 
  i work 12 hour nights . 
  it 's not fun . 
  children should n't be doing 14 hours . 
  clearly belong to the same school of pr as corbyn 's labour pr people . 
  are you suggesting we should just ignore torture and persecution ? 
  i 'm not convinced your ideology is a great fit for america . 
  you 're not planning to bomb or shoot up anywhere are you ? 
  because i 'm going to have to ask you not to do that . 
  that makes it more accurate and gives you a better understanding of what 's happening geo-politically . 
  the break up of the soviet union is worth noting . 
  between 1915 and 1945 there was n't a whole lot happening in the gay rights world . 
  more focused on 2 world wars and a global depression . 
  i guess they then wanted to point out a couple of shithole countries made it legal a decade or so after the soviet breakup . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  we have a responsibility to stop persecution and torture . 
  it does n't matter if they have a culture of doing it . 
  that is a terrifying worldview you have . 
  muh imperialism does not excuse barbarity . 
  also the middle east and north africa have an interesting fondness for bumming boys , they just do n't consider it gay . 
  it 's just practice or something . 
  poland confirmed for pretty gay , and well the french never tried to hide it . 
  not a terrible effort from the uk , but could have been better . 
  turkey is a surprise . 
  there are dinosaurs everywhere , no real reflection on ireland . 
  australia has a big anti-intellectual movement , but they 're also small enough that nothing they do really matters , then there 's only the us right . 
  most places are finally on board with climate change existing . 
  whether they will do enough is another matter . 
  irish would n't have been my first guess , up there but not first . 
  there 's definitely american south and australian before irish .
