  then we can really celebrate . 
  wait . 
  this is pretty hard as you seem to upvote my posts compared to getting shadowbanned in r/unitedkingdom for not being left wing enough . 
  i 'll go with `` i support the russian intervention in ukraine , which is russian territory '' also i do n't . 
  we do n't need to try , they seem to be doing a fine job on their own . 
  poor man is getting a little paranoid . 
  no one is holding their breath . 
  there is no possibility of a referendum without a majority conservative government . 
  and there is no conservative majority happening . 
  he has been heard , and found wanting . 
  the bostonians are going to be devastated . 
  they were so sure they were irish . 
  there was obviously going to be some response and this is a cute public one , but it 's not going to change anything . 
  they wo n't stop coming while they believe europe is some promised land where they 're going to be set for life . 
  the reality is they 're unlikely to be granted asylum , they will be sleeping crammed into a tiny flat with tens of migrants doing illegal jobs for far less than minimum wage , and most of that kept back for board , contrary to what the daily mail likes to think they 're not all handed a nice house and welfare fresh off the lorry from calais . 
  this needs to be clearly communicated to them somehow . 
  one problem is it 's impossible to have a civil conversation about migration legal or otherwise . 
  bring it up and you 're demonised by the left as some crazy racist nazi . 
  well you can see where they 're coming from . 
  the establishment in this country still like to pretend tony blair was good . 
  sure it 's not quite the same thing . 
  tony blair only killed a million or so brown people which is worth about quarter of a white person which stalin largely stuck to killing . 
  the us and uk are no strangers to relationships of convenience with nasty people , but mugabe ? 
  come on you 're better than that russia . 
  this is why he was never allowed on the business side . 
  50 % tax rate would mean no startups or small business ever . 
  someone forgot to tell the french it was all just banter . 
  they 're the ones that talk funny and have a fondness for wearing scarves unnecessarily . 
  that sounds revolting and this is coming from a country where cafes still think dumping some leaves on your plate from a packet and adding tomato and cucumber constitutes a salad . 
  it 's the europop music tbh . 
  it has and will continue to do so . 
  we do enforce a rule where people entering a country have to follow that countries law . 
  whether you agree with the law or not is completely irrelevant . 
  we 'll give them bulk rates if they take northern ireland too . 
  well france is in europe so you can see where he 's coming from . 
  argentina is in falkland waters more like . 
  it 's ok though they can stay . 
  we 're nice like that . 
  do they have no sense of irony ? 
  they did this last time with cancelled matches while ours went ahead . 
  stop being pussies and get on with your lives . 
  they 're so boring and predictable . 
  blowing up london is blase . 
  everyone has done it . 
  if you really want to strike terror into the hearts of the west blow up york , bath , edinburgh . 
  show people you can get them anywhere . 
  these people are so shit at their job . 
  i 'd be a much better terrorist . 
  it would be wrong to rush it through . 
  they 've only had 13 years . 
  they went for the icelandic approach of stealing foreign depositors money . 
  it was n't a bad business model . 
  circumstances have changed and it now does n't work that does n't make it bad . 
  you wo n't see me getting upset about that particular example . 
  ca n't say i 've ever been in one but i 'm still fairly certain they 're terrible . 
  there 's an unlimited supply of eastern europeans for the unskilled stuff . 
  i do n't see that being an issue . 
  it 's the hitting skilled people that 's moronic . 
  those people arent the problem , they can be replaced with eastern europeans . 
  the problem is at 35k it hits actual skilled foreigners in good jobs earning 25-34k . 
  you ca n't pay entry level bar staff and waitresses 35k . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  no one wants to hit the americans , aussies , kiwis , canadians but you ca n't specify just people from shitholes . 
  not without a massive shitstorm . 
  35k is way too high for outside london though . 
  should be more like 20-25k . 
  she 's condemning sovereign countries stopping illegal security threats free travel across europe . 
  why does she still have a job ? 
  germany is ridiculous and can not be trusted to competently manage the eu . 
  they can give their immigrants jobs shipping in more immigrants . 
  undercut the smugglers . 
  it 's foolproof . 
  they 're german . 
  they always sound angry and rude . 
  they ca n't help it . 
  no wonder corbyn was so reluctant to back in . 
  dealing a terrible blow to the west is right down his alley . 
  if only the us had a close ally in europe known to spy occaisionally and share information . 
  oh well guess they 're safe now . 
  i hope the eu does n't start putting these brakes in cars . 
  having to ask the eu to use your brakes seems dangerous . 
  absolutely nothing of value . 
  the continentals are all mad though , so not entirely in vain . 
  there are very good coffee shops in every city in the uk now and probably most of western europe . 
  if you 're drinking nasty sugary milkshakes in starbucks when there are beautiful artisan coffee shops practically everywhere then frankly you deserve to die of diabetes . 
  or scotland ... 
  well we 've tried stabbing in the front and it 's not getting us too far . 
  all the farmers have a shotgun as well as all the upper class and some rural workers . 
  being interested in hannibal lector does n't warrant a comparison when there was no eating . 
  terrible writing . 
  at some point youre going to have to stop pretending that southern europe and actual developed countries can share the same currency . 
  why not just admit you were wrong and get it over with rather continue an ever deeper farce ? 
  anything with that many parties is going to be about as secure as the eu border . 
  the big london ones are all fantastic . 
  i have a soft spot for the natural history as that is what im interested . 
  louvre is right up there too . 
  not visited washington but i 've heard it 's in the running with london and paris . 
  it 's on the to do list . 
  french intelligence was historically very independent of us/uk intelligence often with different interests . 
  the fact that we are now working closer together is not a bad thing .
