  it has to do with the neutralization of unstressed vowels in eastern dialects ( a and e to schwa , o and u to / u / ) which did n't happen in the western dialects or in spanish ( something similar did happen in portuguese ) . 
  love how you 're being downvoted . 
  people do n't learn . 
  i predict le pen will win if she faces fillon . 
  macron would win against her . 
   choise, 
  force-feed every muslim student . 
   even if the teacher wont allow it you can always go an instance higher and call in the principal for help . 
  the principal will never force a teacher to change their mark as long as the teacher shows he or she used objective and reflected methods of which the class has been informed to give that mark . 
  they certainly wo n't force a teacher to give a student a second chance just because they got a 6 . 
  i know i 'm being pedanctic , but what you call `` sportunterricht '' is `` physical education '' in english , not `` sport '' . 
  many eu countries do n't have an opt-out system , like germany . 
  there are no registered organ donors in spain . 
  if anything , there is a registered organ non-donors . 
  spain has an opt-out system . 
  and switzerland , and northern ireland . 
  debatable . 
  the median wage ( 50 % of people earn less , 50 % earn more ) in the us is still higher than almost all european countries . 
  that sub is useless for europeans . 
  a shame , really . 
  it would be useful to have a sub like that if it was relevant . 
  this is true . 
  the us is a very , very wealthy and advanced country . 
  even the poor working class americans have a high quality of life , certainly not worse than european working classes . 
  many europeans seem to believe that america is this dystopian highly unequal place where some few live lavishly and the rest barely have enough to eat while living in trailer homes and praying for their guns . 
  or old colonies , in the case of spain-texas . 
  of course it is . 
  it 's the name of the lake in english , just like lake constance is . 
  it only sounds weird to you because you 're german . 
  what ? 
  all of those police officers were carrying a 9mm handgun . 
  all policemen in spain carry a gun , without exception . 
  thanks, 
  have you got any source for this ? 
  cyprus and malta are filled with spaniards ? 
  you 've never been to europe , right ? 
  it 's stop everywhere . 
  if every country wrote it in their language , it would make for dangerous situations when foreign people did n't understand the sign . 
  you are both right . 
  no police department is trained to shoot in the legs , not in europe and not anywhere . 
  if the situation is such that you have to shoot , you 're trained to shoot towards the centre of gravity . 
  of course , shooting is always the last-resort measures and all other methods should be contemplated beforehand . 
  spanish women go to germany to prostitute ? 
  never heard of it . 
  maybe i 'm being nitpicky , but this second example picture of yours also does n't show an arid landscape at all . 
  this is what arid means according to oxford dictionaries :  ( of land or a climate ) having little or no rain ; too dry or barren to support vegetation . 
  i mean , you can always pick a spot that looks the way it has to look to prove your point , but [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@41.5170905,-7.1185493,3a,75y,148.96h,75.87t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s03zcywuuyxlwj4or2vuf7a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is just around the corner from the spot you just posted . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@41.5167635,-7.1175776,3a,75y,85.1h,86.66t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1swn0-j6phsp46wu3iq9eqyq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is around the following turn . 
  that random picture does n't show an arid landscape . 
  obviously not as green as more northern places with a continental climate , but hardly a desert . 
  but it 's not a desert . 
  i agree that too many people put too much blame on dutchbat , but this thread is full of rather absurd comments going to the opposite extreme . 
  `` dutchbat were victims as well '' . 
  please , let 's be serious . 
  oh yes , true heroes . 
  how brave of them to watch . 
  the poor things ... imagine how much they must have suffered !, 
  please , please tell me your comment is satire . 
  the shit you have to read ... 
  and closed the compound to further refugees , who were then killed . 
  and acquiesced to mladic . 
  it 's frustrating how this debate always seems to have just two sides : the dutch were responsible for 8,000 deaths , or the dutch did nothing wrong . 
  the truth lies in the middle . 
  i agree and i like americans , but that man was being extremely disrespectful in a quiet place of worship , and i say this as an atheist . 
  i 'll never forget the american tourist , baseball cap on his head , who , while in a large church in venice , ** shouted ** : `` nah man , caravaggio is mah favorite ! '' . 
  of course not all american tourists are like that , but i just thought it was the best example of the stereotype of the american tourist in europe . 
  it really is , and i say this as someone who 's had to deal with puking british chavs on the beaches of alicante for years . 
  still better than british cuisine . 
  you also forgot spain also has a sizeable muslim minority , as well as a large latin american minority , which is also an overwhelmingly religious demographic group . 
  what is your point ? 
  spain has had their current secular government system for 40 years now , and there is no indication that the spanish people would like it to change . 
  it seems to me you are under the impression that the spanish people are far more religious that they actually are . 
  all available polls and surveys on religiosity show that spaniards are only slightly more religious than germans , even with the former east germany in the stats . 
  do n't patronize me . 
  i 've been living in germany for over ten years now and i know very well what i 'm talking about . 
  i 've met many religious people in germany . 
  most of them are moderately religious , many of them believe in god but do n't practice , but even then i know many people who are active in church groups and the like . 
  two of my best friends are active in the studentenmission deutschlands , another two are studying to become religion teachers in public schools ( where religion classes are ubiquitous ) . 
  and let 's not even talk about the older generation , which * is * very often made up of religious people , many of whom are practicing believers . 
  or about the enormous role that the catholic and protestant churches play in public life , from schools to hospitals . 
  it 's disingenuous to claim that the c means nothing . 
  germany might be quite secular for world standards , but there 's still a lot of religious and traditional minded people , especially in the countryside and especially in the south . 
  it 's really the same thing that would happen in germany . 
  merkel and the cdu know the fdp , their preferred coalition partner , has made same-sex marriage legalisation a key condition to form a coalition . 
  there is space for a classical liberal party in german politics . 
  it was a matter of time that they got back . 
  and now they have a savvy and charismatic young leader in christian lindner . 
  it wo n't . 
  this has already been decided . 
  they know they have to do this to get into a coalition with the fdp , which is what they wish for . 
  it will never be the same if you do n't call it marriage . 
  it 's working wonders for tobacco and especially alcohol is n't it . 
  let 's stop treating people like they 're 5-year-olds . 
  inform the people , then let them make their decisions themselves . 
  it 's also dishonest . 
  they 're trying to make it seem like they support full equality , just under another name . 
  but having different names mean there is no full equality . 
  separate but equal is not equal when gays and lesbians ca n't call their loved ones their husband and their wife . 
  i 'm amazed by how many germans have no idea same-sex marriage is n't allowed in germany . 
  i 've met several well educated germans who were convinced that it was .
