  what ? 
  hell , that would be very low in spain . 
  in most european countries , salaries are given per month , not per year . 
   upper middle class is where your main income for the household is over 100k a year + other parent with a regular job uh i 'm confused . 
  if you say 100k a year household income then that includes the other parent surely . 
   it is also ok in terms of income . 
  using imf data , taiwan 's gdp per capita in us dollars is $ 22,083 ( $ 19,368 ) , comparable to spain , malta , slovenia and cyprus . 
  it 's on par with malta , slovenia and cyprus , but spain 's gdp per capita ( nominal ) is over $ 4,000 higher than taiwan 's . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  so you do n't really like us ? 
  the vatican, 
  in fairness , neo-nazi and right-wing attacks are sadly far from uncommon in germany these days . 
  and the second one ? 
  do n't mind him , he 's from barcelona . 
  we 're training him . 
  it 'd be cheaper to train a monkey . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  look up * lawrence v. texas * . 
  you 've completely changed the topic now . 
  we were talking about baptism vs. circumcision , * not * about religious upbringing vs. circumcision . 
  you 're taking a theological issue and talking as if it was a human rights issue . 
  please . 
  i was baptised as a baby . 
  when i grew up , i realised i did n't believe in god and abandoned the church . 
  that was it . 
  the fact that i was baptised does n't affect my life at all . 
  if i were still a believing catholic , i 'd have no problem with it . 
  if i decided to convert to another faith , i could also do it without problems . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think i could grow a new foreskin if i wanted to . 
  baptism is not a human right . 
  it is a harmless practice . 
  you are comparing pouring water over a baby 's head with mutilating a piece of his body . 
  the former has literally zero consequences for the individual , the latter irreversibly does . 
  if you ca n't see the difference between one and the other i 'm not sure i can help you . 
  did you mean to say circumcision has many pros ? 
  i know . 
  i 'm circumcised for medical reasons . 
  but there is a reason why preventive circumcision is discouraged by all medical boards around the world . 
  its risks and disadvantages ( like diminished sexual pleasure ) outweigh its advantages . 
  sometimes , stretching and other less invasive procedures are not effective and circumcision is needed to correct phimosis as a last resort . 
  probably because having some water poured on your head while a man says some latin words is not quite the fucking same as having a piece of your penis sliced out . 
  why is n't same-sex marriage legal in switzerland yet ? 
   they are pretty much always drug addicts and/or mentally ill . or just lazy even to fill in a hartz iv form . 
  i never said the communists were the major force of the revolutionary forces in spain , nor did i say that thanks to franco there was n't a soviet state in spain . 
  who 's projecting now ? 
  what 's insane is talking as if any of the communists and anarchists were committed to a liberal democratic system . 
  they were as authoritarian as the fascists were . 
  that 's a very naive and inaccurate view of history . 
  unfortunately , the anarchists and communists had already started taking control of the political power from within the frente popular ( which they came to dominate ) before the start of the civil war . 
  former spanish prime minister zapatero also bears that name . 
  how can such blatantly false nonsense be upvoted ... an average person in their 30s making # 34,000 is most definitely contributing more than they are taking . 
  they did this calculation as an average over a lifetime , and did n't take into account relevant facts like the fact that the uk paid nothing for the education of many of these skilled workers , from primary school to university . 
  what is the source for this ? 
  i see it being stated everywhere but i 'm still to see it backed up with a source . 
  i doubt someone who has spent all his ( very costly for the state ) education years somewhere else and starts earning # 30,000 is a net loss to the uk treasury . 
  source for that ? 
  i very much doubt someone who arrived in the uk after university and started working right away making $ 45,000 is not a net contributor . 
  all of them are bad laws and should be repealed . 
  after 5 years , eu citizens can stay indefinitely with the same rights and duties as nationals as far as benefits goes . 
  there was a lot of talk about what decision the king would make . 
  according to the spanish constitution , he holds talks with all the parliamentary groups and then proposes a candidate for prime minister . 
  sitting pm mariano rajoy ( conservative pp ) declined , but the king could have proposed him anyway , as the candidate of the most voted party . 
  instead , he chose socialist s\u00e1nchez , who will now try to form a majority . 
  did n't hear them say a word in german , but it 's hard to tell . 
  not german but the guy filming says at the end `` behave yourselves !, 
  you have to behave , like everybody else here ! '', 
  before that , the second guy being held was shouting `` enough !, 
  enough already ! '' . 
  a woman was heard shouting `` police !, 
  but the spanish armada incident was n't a war ... it was a battle within the anglo-spanish war . 
  she 's one year away from the legal age of consent in germany ( 14 ) . 
  i have a problem with your use of the world `` entitled '' . 
  i take it to mean `` having a right '' , and it seems you agree . 
  to answer your question : take this conversation . 
  i believe you have the right to say what you 're saying , but i disagree with the * exercise * you 're making of that right ( i disagree with what you 're saying ) . 
  similarly , i believe private companies should have the right to lay out their webpages however they want , but i might disagree with the use they make of that right . 
  and we 're criticizing them for that . 
  no one is saying the guardian is not within their right to block the comments . 
  we 're criticising the * exercise * of that right . 
  he 's talking about the spanish civil war . 
  he never said he is . 
  he just criticised guardian 's decision . 
  man , it 's been thrilling , but i think i want out of the r/europe ride . 
  many latin americans here ( mainly from ecuador , colombia , argentina and the caribbean ) . 
  they have a faster path to citizenship , whereby they only need to be living in spain for 2 years rather than the normal 10 . 
  latin americans have a faster way to citizenship in spain ( after 2 years instead of 10 years ) . 
  anecdotal accounts are not evidence . 
  studies have consistently shown corporal punishment for children is detrimental to their growth and mental health . 
  have you actually gone and read the studies ? 
  because they most certainly are randomized , controlled and peer-reviewed , and there 's quite a few of them . 
  that 's the point : religious people pick and choose whatever fits them best . 
  it 's cherrypicking galore : i 'll take what i like and what i do n't like `` is meant to be taken metaphorically '' . 
  you really ca n't lose at that game . 
   some of these militant atheist groups will publicly mock christians , i 've never seen these church of the spaghetti monster types do this outside of a mosque . 
  https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xft1/t51.2885-15/s320x320/e35/11376320_845619722193151_641471068_n.jpg http://www.venganza.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/img_3646_him1.jpg http://www.pastafari.eu/ckfinder/userfiles/images/pastafaritum_vs_islam.jpg, 
  is that your only retort whenever someone posts a comment critical of religion ? 
  just post `` euphoric/edgy/tips fedora/gentleman '' , etc. 
   i do n't think having a serious religion is something to look down on or make fun off . 
  that 's fine and you 're allowed to have that view . 
  me and others however think religion is doing more harm than good in the world and religious belief ( like all belief without evidence ) should be actively challenged and discouraged .
