  isolation , and other key factors like the merger with native britons and with the invading scandinavians , which you somehow ignored , helped create a distinct anglo-saxon identity in britain from day one , as any reputable historian and anthropologue will tell you . 
   similarly , at some point in the 13th century , valencians were catalan no different from those that settled in tortosa , until the governance by a different legislature and the contact with other cultures helped develop an own identity . 
  which , again , all started happening since day one . 
  valencia was an independent kingdom from the get go , with its own laws and its own history . 
  you might say the first settlers were catalans , that is indisputable , but they started creating a valencian identity since day one . 
  no problem . 
  thanks for the downvotes , classy guy !, 
   it 's ok , you do n't seem to catch the idea . 
  us , the catalans , you , the valencians and the balearics share the same culture , language and ascendence period wow , you convinced me . 
  stating it time and time again is not going to make it more true . 
  providing factual arguments would , but it 's hard to do when you 're making shit up . 
   please do check your facts i did , and offered you detailed explanations of my arguments . 
  * you * are the one who might want to check your facts , before saying ridiculous things like `` catalans and valencians shared the same law code '' . 
   and i do love paella and fideua , being from my culture ... of course you 're going to claim for yourself the good stuff ... 
  i 'm not so sure you 'd be ready to claim widespread corruption and nepotism as essential parts of your culture though , but who knows . 
   moros i crisitans is basically a celebration to commemorate this cultural unity . 
  [ you mean the cultural unity of catalans , valencians and castilians ? 
  ] ( http://multimedia.laopiniondemurcia.es/fotos/municipios/desfile-moros-cristianos-blanca-para-recordar-los-ultimos-moriscos-del-valle-ricote-14894_3.shtml )  you could say , for example , that andalusia and castille have a different culture ... their culture does differ , but there 's of course a key difference : since its conquest , andalusia was never an independent kingdom from the rest of castile , with its own customs and laws , as was the case with valencia . 
   they might , but nevertheless they are united in a single cultural form , that being the spanish one ( showed in the map , by the way ) ... you mean the map that also includes catalonia ? 
   i 'm not going to reject your points because i have no desire to stirr up my facts you * have * no facts . 
   and yet we share the same language many countries share the same language , that does not mean they share the same culture . 
  i challenge you to go to quebec and call the people there french . 
  is their culture related to the french culture ? 
  of course . 
  is it the same ? 
  of course not . 
  not by a long shot . 
   most of the festivities do call me next time * fallas * comes around in catalonia . 
  with * tracas * and * masclet\u00e0s * , of course . 
  or * moros i cristians * , spiced with the traditional catalan brass bands . 
  since you 're at it , let me know next time you and your friends get together on sunday to cook and eat * paella * . 
  or * fideu\u00e0 * , that 's also fine . 
  once we 're done , we can go play some * pilota * while drinking * orxata * . 
   fought in the same wars of course we did . 
  we were under the same king . 
   ascendence one more time : ascendence means nowt when it comes to culture . 
  try going to iceland and calling the people there norwegian . 
  peoples evolve . 
   the same law code [ this is obviously false . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/furs_of_valencia )  we have the same culture , it 's accepted everywhere you go this is * even * more outrageous . 
  i 've lived in several european countries and am currently in germany . 
  i 'm yet to find a single person who thinks catalans and valencians share the same culture . 
  some people know we share a language , but most people do n't even know that . 
  those who are better informed know many catalans strive independence , while valencians mostly do n't . 
  again , stop trying to force your imperialistic agenda upon us . 
  valencians have shown time and time again we are not catalans and do n't want to join catalonia or form any kind of pancatalanist state . 
  what more proof do you want ? 
  you claim castilians oppress you and deny the cultural differences between them and you , yet you do exactly the same with valencians . 
   and that 's what i mean of you being a negationist if by negationist you mean someone who does not use a false and skewed interpretation of history to suit his agenda , then by all means , i 'm a negationist . 
   pd : do n't go grammar nazi on me , buddy , you 're not english and neither am i , ethinical was a typo , obviously it was n't a typo . 
  a typo is an involuntary typographic error due to `` fat fingers '' , etc. 
  you made the same mistake several times in several posts . 
  that 's a spelling error . 
  it does n't matter , of course , but at first i was n't sure if you meant `` ethnical '' or `` ethical '' . 
   pa\u00efsos catalans is the common shared culture of catalonia , les illes balears and val\u00e8ncia , since the first conquered and gave it 's culture to the later two . 
  culture is n't something fixed and static . 
  culture evolves at a very high rate . 
  valencia was conquered in the 1200s and quickly developed a distinctly valencian culture . 
  just as the american culture is different from the british culture , the valencian culture is different from the catalan culture . 
   it 's not imperialism , it is an historical fact , recorded by texts from the time . 
  the texts from the time record the settlement of valencia by catalans and aragonese people . 
  period . 
  they say * nothing * about the way valencia , being an independent kingdom since day 1 , developed an own culture and tradition . 
   ethinical means just that , the same culture and ancestral origins i ca n't find the word `` ethinical '' in any of my dictionaries . 
  perhaps you mean `` ethnical '' ? 
   the same culture again , to claim that valencia has the same culture as catalonia is simply outrageous . 
  eight centuries have passed , for goodness ' sake . 
  what does `` ethinical '' mean ? 
   yes , that 's why pa\u00efsos catalans is called `` catalans '' and yet you deny you 're a catalan imperialist ... 
  the term `` pa\u00efsos catalans '' is a modern invention , never used before the late 19th century and used exclusively by proponents of pancatalanism . 
  stop trying to push your imperialist agenda upon others . 
   we never said that valencians are catalans did n't you ? 
  let 's see how this all started . 
  i said :  fellow valencian here . 
  no animosity towards history or catalans either . 
  but valencians are just not catalans and have never been . 
  you said :  do tell me how , please, 
   i know that many ( if not most ) balearic people do not have any problem in calling themselves catalan i very much doubt that . 
   and calling their language also catalan . 
  that is true . 
  for the record , i have no problem calling the language i speak with my family catalan when in an international or linguistic context . 
  but that is far from saying i am catalan . 
  i do n't know what you mean by negationist movement . 
  i am not anti-catalan , that is the first thing i said in this discussion . 
  i am against catalan imperialism . 
  i do not deny valencian is but one of the dialects of a common language shared by catalans , valencians and others . 
  i do not deny our ancestors were for the most part catalans and that we are closely related to them . 
  i deny that valencians are catalans . 
  we might descend from catalans , but we are valencians and we 've always been , and we ask you to respect that . 
  or rather , because rome is further back in the past . 
  which is why it does n't affect as so much in terms of culture ( even though it does affect us , see catholicism ) . 
  my point is , using the past to push the case for a specific single community is bound to backfire . 
   yes , and many still call themselves anglo-saxons , do they not ? 
  term that comes from angeln and saxony , both in present-day germany/denmark . 
  yes . 
  just like spaniards and people from other countries based upon romance languages call themselves latin . 
  a term that comes from latio , cf. 
  rome . 
   they do n't call themselves germans or danish ( because the notion of what are germany and denmark are posterior , but they identify with the term anglo-saxons . 
  we do n't call ourselves catalans ( because the notion of what is catalonia is posterior ) , but we do identify with the term latin .
