  as if a tax on sugary drinks was something to be proud of ... 
  who said anything about gdp ? 
  even when accounting for all that the us still has a higher per capita income than any european country . 
  only norway , switzerland and luxembourg come close . 
  and the kings and queens of spain , denmark , netherlands , etc. 
  can you read ? 
  do you know the difference between head of state and head of government ? 
  my french friends paint him as a weak , talk-the-talk rather than walk-the-walk kind of cowardly man . 
  they mention that he fled the country at the height of the may 1968 crisis . 
  come on . 
  ordinary germans love to use anglicisms , many of them made up ( handy , beamer , public viewing , oldtimer , happy end ... ) . 
  the th in `` that '' is not a d in standard american and british accents . 
  it 's just voiced vs voiceless . 
  like the difference between the s in lose and the s in loose , or between d and t , b and p , or g and c ( as in ` gain ' vs ` cain ' ) . 
  why mohamed ? 
  you forgot meyer which i think is the most common spelling . 
  that 's because you 're dutch , who are essentially a kind of germans . 
  to almost everyone else , germans are very efficient ( the dutch are perhaps even more efficient , but not as well-known so the stereotype applies to germans ) . 
  it is known, 
  there is no wind in spain because you guys are our windshield . 
  liberal is liberal . 
  `` social liberal '' just means less liberal . 
  not worse than the great coalition . 
  and the fdp will make sure not to repeat the same mistakes they made in 2009 . 
  they 'll insist their liberal proposals be implemented . 
  great news !, 
  let 's hope it pans out and we get a cdu-fdp government . 
  love the germans and their color-themed names for coalitions . 
  that 's ok . as i said , this is really a matter of what criteria one uses . 
  in this case it 's really a matter of degree . 
  unlike the two standardised varieties that arose out of that dialect continuum ( dutch and german ) , luxembourgish lacks a substantial literary tradition and , while it has recently been codified in writing , it has n't gained a prominent position as an official language used in administration or education . 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm a linguist myself , and the definition of what constitutes a language and what is a dialect is not fixed . 
  it 's not really a topic of interest in linguistics , since it all depends on the criteria you choose . 
  i just do n't see a reason for considering luxembourgish a separate language while considering the extremely similar moselle-franconian dialects across the border german dialects . 
  luxembourgish did n't get codified in writing until the 19th century . 
  if that is the characteristic that sets it apart ( and there really are n't any others ) , does that mean it was n't a language , and then all of a sudden it was ? 
  and if it was a language all along , are all german dialects languages ? 
  this tends to ruffle some feathers in luxembourg , but i see no reason to consider luxembourgish as anything more than a german dialect . 
  gay people are not allowed to marry the person they love , and they 're not allowed to adopt children jointly . 
  if that 's not facing discrimination , i do n't know what is . 
  it 's quite sad that you brush away this reality by dismissing it as mere `` symbolism '' that nobody `` cares about '' . 
  history will not judge germany well on this issue , and comments like yours will sound to the people of 50 years from now as bad as the comments of people of the 1960s , about i.e. 
  sexism and the rights of women , sound to us now . 
  but that 's something entirely different from what he/she said , and it would also apply to bigger countries which also have tight-knit communities and are quite rural , like portugal , spain , poland , greece ... 
  it does n't make any sense that because ireland has a small population , people are more likely to know someone who 's gay . 
  how would that work ? 
  the percentage of gay people does n't increase the smaller the population of a country . 
  i think it 's a shame that germany is so far behind in rights for same-sex people . 
  maybe spain is n't as catholic as you think . 
  decades of a right-wing dictatorship did wonders for secularism and anti-clericalism in spain . 
  you fit in the 1950s . 
  why ? 
  i assume you thought spain is very catholic and religious , but that would n't explain you including ireland in the first group . 
  why ? 
  except arguably the most important one : adoption . 
  but even if they allowed adoptions , it would n't be equal if it 's not marriage . 
  separate but equal is not equal . 
  tell a same-sex couple that their not being able to marry their loved one is `` silly symbolism '' . 
  separate but equal is not equal . 
  we settled this a long time ago . 
  not to mention that , like you said , civil unions do n't grant the same rights as marriage . 
  those two countries do n't have more old people than other european countries . 
   i think ireland being such a small country makes a difference too because a lot of people would directly know someone who 's gay which can sway even conservative voters . 
  that does n't make any sense ... 
  lol . 
  spain has lots of immigrants from those areas . 
  i see . 
  that 's really an intercultural misconception . 
  mediterranean people do drink alcohol during the meals more often , but they do n't drink as much otherwise as more northern countries . 
  that never happened . 
  i do n't get these comments . 
  drinking one glass of wine with dinner is not inconsistent with these figures . 
  the sentence is usually rendered as `` german humour is no laughing matter '' . 
  northern italy/southern italy has nothing to do with the other examples . 
  the north was actually were the industry has always been concentrated . 
  it 's just it has always been richer than the south . 
  free tuition has been a disaster for nrw . 
  i hope the cdu-fdp government abolishes them . 
  regression to the mean my ass . 
  the spd has been racking up some of the worst performances in the party 's history . 
  historically though germany has had excellent composers . 
  when adjusting for relative purchasing power , spanish doctors are paid about the same as their us counterparts . 
  that is really not the reason for this discrepancy . 
  same in spanish : puente ( = br\u00fccke , bridge ) . 
  that 's not true ... spain 's gdp experienced the highest growth in the eurozone in 2016 , and has been growing for years now . 
  seriously though , why do spaniards live the longest and other countries like italy , france and spain are always at the top while other wealthier countries lag behind ? 
  more relaxed lifestyle ? 
  why does spain have the highest life expectancy in the eu ? 
  i 'd have thought the wealthier scandinavian countries at least would be higher . 
  i do n't see it really , for ideological and pragmatic strategic reasons . 
  fdp will want to get into parliament and then stay in opposition . 
  i 've lived abroad for a long time now and those people you mention who might know nothing in particular about art might not know the prado , but then they wo n't know the uffici either , or the national gallery , or the rijksmuseum . 
  they might name the louvre and maaaybe the moma , but i 'm not even sure of that . 
  now * if * they have a basic knowledge about famous museums , they tend to know the prado . 
  i would n't say the prado is underappreciated . 
  it 's well-known around the world as one of the best museums in the world . 
  m\u00e1laga and almer\u00eda are not particularly nice cities . 
  granada , c\u00f3rdoba and sevilla definitely are , even if they 're not on the coast . 
  reading the thread about the telegraph article about open borders in `` western european countries '' i noticed something i 've been noticing for a while .
