  no ... it 's difficult to read because it was written more than four centuries ago , and the spanish language has changed a lot since then . 
  it was written in 1605 ... of course it 's difficult to read . 
  as to the not well written part ... :o, 
  ** spain ** * don quixote * i know you know it . 
  i also know you have n't read it . 
  do it . 
  what are you talking about . 
  definitely a classic . 
  nothing . 
  them ruskies have no ~ ~ glue ~ ~ clue . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what we all thought when we read this headline . 
  most do n't . 
  what about them ? 
   and this is n't a problem although it affects the outcome of this survey . 
  does it ? 
  it certainly does n't look like it in the case of spain . 
  why should people who say homosexuality is morally acceptable need to take a chill pill ? 
  many agnostics in spain say they are catholics , for cultural reasons . 
  check out true surveys about belief in god . 
  you 'll find the number who do is much smaller than 73 % . 
   also , a lot of spanish comunidades are actually made up many of the german states are also made up ( see north rhine-westphalia ) and things seem to work out there . 
  what did your message say originally ? 
  i 'm interested . 
   but the fact that you have n't heard of anything north of france when it comes to culture does n't surprise me at all  considering i 've been living to the north of france since 2007 , i 'd say i have quite a good idea of what culture in northern europe looks like . 
  but nice uncalled for insult . 
   and there 's just no spanish restaurants outside of spain . 
  i must be imagining the six spanish restaurants in the german city i live in ( 280,000 inhabitants ) ... and the five there were in brighton when i lived there ( 170,000 ) ... and the ten or so there are in d\u00fcsseldorf ... hell , i must be imagining the spanish restaurant i worked in in eindhoven !, 
  if saying spanish food is n't popular is n't your subjective opinion , then i do n't know what is . 
  indeed . 
  which is why denmark gets flooded with tourists every summer , while spanish beaches are deserted . 
  i ca n't speak for scandinavia , but in britain , germany and the us , where i 've lived , tapas bars and spanish restaurants are not difficult to find . 
  they 're certainly not as common as italian or chinese restaurants , but there are lots of them . 
  moreover , a quick google search reveals that it 's hard to find a list of the world 's best cuisines that does n't feature spain in the top ten . 
  in the german city i live ( 270,000 inhabitants ) there are five spanish restaurants . 
  certainly not as many as italian or chinese restaurants , but i 've never had a problem finding one in europe or the us as long as the town is n't too small . 
  food taste is relative , but there 's not a shortage of famous spanish dishes and spanish restaurants around the world . 
  i 'm an extrovert , warm-blooded southern european who gets heated easily and ca n't control his temper . 
  i 've never seen one . 
  i 'm not doubting there are some , i 'm just saying they are very rare when compared to french , italian , spanish or greek restaurants . 
  i have no idea what bocude d'or is . 
  i 'm sure there are some excellent scandinavian cooks . 
  again , if scandinavian cuisine was very popular around the world , people would go eat scandinavian foods . 
  for some reason , they prefer to eat foods from other places . 
  calm down , buddy . 
  i was responding to your comment , just like you were responding to the previous redditor 's comment . 
  apparently you like challenging people 's views , but not so much having your own views challenged . 
  the plethora of non-sequiturs and strawman arguments in your comment makes me wonder if you were intending to reply to another comment . 
  not all pizzerias are fast-food joints ... nevermind . 
  replace pizzeria with italian restaurant . 
  if scandinavian food was held to high standards in the world , there would be scandinavian restaurants all around the world . 
  i was just pointing at the fact that you were making a false dichotomy , since you can go skiing in the mountains in spain as well as being cooked alive on the beach . 
  started cloudy , got better during the day and now it 's a bit cloudy again . 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( http://www.spain.info/en_us/consultas/deportes/esqui.html ), 
   horrible weather : well , compared to you , yeah , not the best . 
  but it is n't non-stop rain . 
  today in denmark it was about 20 degrees , sunny and overall nice . 
  next weekend they predict 10 dregrees at day and even -1 degree one night . 
  it changes a lot it 's awful . 
  i live in northern germany . 
  the only positive is that temperatures in the summer are pleasant , but not too hot . 
  if only it was n't cloudy every third day ... 
  the rest of the year is just pining for the summer . 
   the food : i dunno . 
  i like our food . 
  i like that . 
  a lot . 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  i like our food too . 
  as to non-biased people ... well , there 's a reason why there 's not a scandinavian , german or british restaurant next to every pizzeria or tapas bar around the world . 
   bordline autistic : well , get acquainted with us at first via a sport or a friend or so and there should n't be any problems . 
  we do n't just talk to people we do n't know in public , true , if that 's what you mean do n't get me wrong , i like you guys . 
  i 'm in jutland twice a year at least , and i 've had a great time every time . 
  but the almost paranoid levels of social awkwardness and the lack of communication skills ... this actually ties in with the next point about not being able to have fun without getting shitfaced . 
  no wonder you guys drink so much : artificial chemicals seem to be the only way to get you to talk to each other about something more meaningful than the weather !, 
  positives - egalitarian . 
  - progressive . 
  - hard-working . 
  - intelligent . 
  - beautiful women . 
  negatives - horrible weather . 
  - terrible food . 
  - borderline autistic people . 
  rather boring . 
  unable to have fun without getting shitfaced . 
   average winter temperatures in southern scandinavia are higher than continental winter temperatures , courtesy of the gulf stream . 
  summers do n't get as warm , obviously , but remain pleasant , though unpredictable . 
  not in * my * part of the continent . 
   scandinavians do n't eat traditional scandinavian food . 
  they eat the same globalized diet as the rest of you , but with some added traditional elements , such as rye , oats , and lots of fish . 
  recently , the `` new nordic '' trend has caused nothing less than a gastronomic revolution , with the result that copenhagen and stockholm are now international destinations for gourmands . 
  highlights include copenhagen restaurant noma , which was ranked best restaurant in the world for three consecutive years -- an absolutely crazy fact considering denmark 's very humble gastronomic past . 
  if only that restaurant was par for the course in scandinavia ... food tastes are subjective by definition . 
  that being said , there 's a pizzeria in every corner . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a scandinavian restaurant abroad . 
   scandinavians , particularly danes and norwegians , are * far * more outgoing than other northern europeans , including germans and brits . 
  hahahahaha . 
  yes , you are biased . 
  do n't get me wrong , german literature is outstanding and german is second-to-none . 
  but to say it is superior to other european languages ...
