  and while we 're talking about marriage , i 'd like for all divorces and second and third marriages to be nullified . 
  many young spaniards , like myself , do n't believe in god at all . 
  i remember reading a study that showed that 42 % of spaniards under 25 were atheists , but silly me did n't save it and i ca n't find the link now ... 
  i 'm referring to your hypothetical . 
  your m. . . 
  the real answer can be hard to pinpoint , but franco 's death and the restoration of democracy sparked a rapid and ongoing secularisation process . 
  while the church was seen as part of the resistance to the regime in places like poland , in spain it 's seen as part of the old authoritarian regime . 
  ireland is still very catholic as well , on par with italy according to the polls i 've seen . 
  that is a personal opinion , however . 
  many people see marriage as a fundamental institution to be protected and supported , whether they are against or in favour of same-sex marriage . 
  then again , i do n't know how society views marriage in eastern europe ( judging by the absence or articles in your comment i 'm guessing you 're from a slavic country ) . 
  or they refrained from voting when they saw the polls pretty much guaranteed a `` yes '' win . 
  they do n't get to impose their religious views on others though . 
  `` separate but equal '' is not equal . 
  yes , this whole `` separate but equal '' bullshit is just poorly masked discrimination . 
  ca n't speak for ireland , but while spain is still more religious than norway , i 've found that many europeans overstate the religiosity of spaniards these days . 
  since franco 's death spain has become secular at a very high rate . 
  northern ireland is way too small to make any significant difference . 
  `` democractic mandate '' meaning they 'll go ahead and use the parts of the legal system they like ( like getting a majority of seats despite having 47 % of the votes ) while simultaneously trying to separate themselves from that legal system . 
  bad idea imo . 
  if the spanish government is smart they will just stay the course and the `` proc\u00e8s '' will slowly but steadily destroy itself . 
   iirc `` an historic '' only came about because of regional accents that have a tendency to drop the h at the start of words , so in their speech `` an ` istoric moment '' is correct . 
  not quite . 
  the reason has to do with the origin of the word . 
  in late vulgar latin , in most words beginning with h - , the h is not pronounced . 
  see spanish `` historia '' or french `` historie '' . 
   i wonder if it 's due to changes in pronunciation where the writing does n't keep up ? 
  i do n't know - maybe linguists do - or at least they probably have guesses . 
  short answer : it 's mostly what you said and the fact that very often , the alphabets used by languages are not perfectly suited for the graphical representation of the phonemes uttered in that language . 
  for instance , germanic languages have an unusually high number of vowel sounds ( up to 19 in some swedish dialects ) , but they use an alphabet made for another language ( latin ) which only had 5/7 vowels . 
  linguists use the international phonetic alphabet ( ipa ) which assigns a symbol to each phoneme . 
  spaniards do n't use `` vos '' either . 
  you might be referring to `` vosotros '' . 
  the tortilla wars 2 : the battle of the eggs, 
  haha i knew i 'd find this here . 
  `` ich habe fertig '' has caught on in germany as a go-to catchphrase . 
  i agree that pp and c 's are also hypocritical . 
  again , i do n't see a referendum happening . 
  it 's impossible to hold a legal and binding referendum on independence , and there is n't enough support in madrid to do it . 
  on the other hand , we saw yesterday there is n't widespread or even majoritarian support for independence within the catalan population . 
  but the catalan society is deeply divided , and it 's becoming readily apparent something must be done . 
  if psoe gets into power , i predict reforms of the territorial status quo , either by giving catalonia fiscal autonomy a l\u00e0 basque country , or by pushing for a federal kingdom of spain . 
  if pp stays in power , as i sadly predict will happen , may d\u00e9u help us ... 
  did you read my comment ? 
  i largely agree with you . 
  i think the referendum should have been made a while ago already , and we would have put this issue to rest for a generation at least . 
  though i can see how it 's legally more complicated than in britain or canada . 
  how could the spanish government possibly allow a legally binding referendum that would n't violate article 162 of the constitution ? 
  that 's a separate matter though . 
  i was pointing at the hypocrisy of independentists like you selling these elections as a plebiscite on independence , then since you did n't get 50 % of the votes , it 's :  remember that this was a parlamentary election you ca n't have it both ways . 
  can i have some of that cake , or do you want to have it and eat it too ? 
   but there is , the 2014 referendum had 80 % support for independence . 
  you can argue that since the referendum is illegitimate and is n't recognized by madrid , only the diehard independence supporters went to vote but that is the about the only source of data we have to go on right now . 
  it is n't : we have yesterday 's elections . 
  unlike that referendum , yesterday 's elections were legal , had a very high turnout , and the pro-independence parties touted them from the very beginning as a referendum on independence . 
  since the spanish government wo n't allow a referendum , these elections would serve as a referendum . 
  that was the whole point of these elections for pro-independence parties , hence why the two biggest parties ( right-wing and left-wing ) entered with a joint party named junts pel si ( together for yes ) . 
  they won the elections , but failed to reach 50 % of the votes , which is the benchmark in a referendum . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm a catalan-speaking valencian and i 'm not in principle opposed to catalan independence , but i think it 's hypocritical of pro-independence parties to use these elections as a referendum , then claim there is no source of data , or even claim they won even though they only reached 47.8 % of the votes . 
  my car survived driving through belgium . 
  if it made it through charleroi and liege , it 's ready to do the dakar . 
  do you have any source with data supporting your last statement ? 
  but greece beat you ... 
  think about that . 
   that does n't mean the population in itself is more depressed . 
  actually the nordic countries are consistently the happiest in the world according to life satisfaction surveys . 
  life satisfaction has been shown to not be strongly correlated with happiness . 
  for a good read on the matter with plenty of sources , i recommend * the point of view of the universe * by peter singer and katharina lazari-radek . 
  basically , when asked to measure their life satisfaction , people will compare their objective life situation ( income , country , health , etc. ), 
  to a general world average , but will not give as much importance to their actual feelings of well-being and happiness . 
  on the contrary , studies have shown that money increases happiness and well-being up to about 75,000 dollars per year , after that there are diminishing returns and not a discernible increase in happiness . 
  suicide rates might be [ underreported in britain ] ( https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150407123056.htm ), 
  nobody talks about spain even though we 're only marginally worse than italy :(, 
  note that the study does n't show a pattern of southern european countries likely underreporting suicide statistics . 
  the countries most affected by the phenomenon are the uk , portugal and switzerland . 
  there it is . 
  reddit in a nutshell : does the data paint scandinavian countries in a bad light ? 
  --  data must be flawed, 
  i drove through liege and charleroi on my way to france this summer and i was considering driving full-speed into a wall myself . 
  no it 's not ... 
  if , say , a player from the usa had won good before , she would have been the first european , but * not * the first non-asian to win gold . 
  her opponent did n't retire , and marin was up one game and 18-15 in the second game when li xuerui hurt her knee . 
  she * had * won a long and gruelling match . 
  i dislike martin 's screams as much as anybody , but let 's not spread misinformation . 
  marin 's success will do wonders for spanish badminton , but it should be noted that she 's not the only badminton player in spain . 
  beatriz corrales is world number 41 and pablo abian is world number 34 and played in rio . 
  i thought you might have meant that . 
  not everyone is as well-versed in badminton . 
   plus , you have michelle li from canada who is ranked number 20 , and usa 's beiwin zhang and iris wang ranked 27 and 37 respectively . 
  admittedly all of asian origin , but still , the medals would n't be . 
  how is it redundant ? 
  she could have been the first european to win gold , but not the first non-asian ( say , if a player from canada had won gold before ) . 
  edit : you might be referring to the fact that badminton has always been a sport dominated by the asian countries plus denmark and to a lesser extent great britain . 
  of course he 's basque, 
  he 's just saying that he considers persians to be white . 
  they make up a small minority of recent immigration to germany though . 
  which immigrants to germany are ethnically german ? 
  rather unfair to spain and portugal , who got rid of their dictatorships and transitioned to democracy a decade before joining the eu . 
  i also bet 12 $ on italy , i now also wish i would 've bet more ... 
  many of those will now emigrate to germany or other countries where they do n't need to apply for a visa .
