  pretty much , yeah . 
  no , i 'm in europe so no need for predictit or max amounts . 
  which was also true before the us election , apparently . 
  i have already bet on it . 
  1/6 was exactly the odds prediction markets and bookmakers gave trump right before the election ( brexit had even lower odds ) . 
  they now have le pen winning at 20 % -45 % and rising . 
  ah the left , always democratically forcing people to do stuff whether they like it or not . 
  it 's going to be le pen vs fillon , and le pen will win . 
  `` people end up voting for the status quo in referendums , brexit will not happen '' `` trump has a minority of dedicated followers but he 'll never win the republican nomination '' `` trump has a ceiling , he 's alieanated so many demographics and is so far back in the polls he has no chance of becoming president '', 
  i 've been saying since the very beginning le pen will win . 
  yet people keep underestimating the populist wave , just like before brexit and before trump . 
  fillon has no chance against le pen in the second round . 
  macron might beat her , but that 's not a guarantee either , and he 's not going to make it past the first round anyway . 
  president le pen it is . 
  how is that wishful thinking ? 
  i 'm just being realistic . 
  is what you guys are doing . 
  just like before brexit and trump . 
  le pen will win . 
  wait and see . 
  what do those words mean ? 
  is n't deductible and out of pocket the same ? 
  there are other single-payer systems like the bus . 
  it 's the same in spain . 
  what ? 
  it 's often windy and rainy though . 
  winter is definitely not the best time to come as a tourist , though you can get lucky . 
  on average i 'd say around 10c , but it can fluctuate from 2-3 in cold nights to over 20c on hot days . 
  the moderating effect of the sea is exaggerated . 
  summer in valencia is hot as hell . 
  it makes spain the only nation to have land on both sides of the strait of gibraltar . 
  remember prestigious polls like abc had clinton leading trump by 14 points just two weeks before the election . 
  polls are far from perfect , and it only takes a change of mind of 7 % of the electorate for her to win . 
  i 've been saying it for a while : if it 's against fillon , le pen will win . 
  if she goes against macron , macron might have a chance . 
  polls do n't have a better record than betting markets lately . 
  you clearly do n't know enough about what you 're talking about . 
  most of hypermind 's users are french . 
  its discussion forum is in french . 
  hypermind , one of the leading betting markets with the most detailed prediction markets on the french election , is french . 
  betting markets had brexit and trump winning at 10 % -12 % probability on the eve of the respective votes . 
  they now have le pen at 17 % -35 % and rising . 
  been saying from the start that le pen will be the next french president . 
  i keep hearing the same answers i heard before brexit and trump . 
  `` polls say she 's behind '' , `` there 's no way it 'll happen '' , `` this time is different '' ... 
  wait and see . 
  you should put a bet on le pen now that the odds are good . 
  i 'm a `` proper spaniard '' , but i live abroad and i 'll admit i 've adjusted my eating hours a bit . 
  siesta stays though . 
  not adjusting that . 
  no that would be accurate . 
  which reminds me , it 's 1:30 pm . 
  good night !, 
  you might want to explain what a fh is ( university of applied sciences , with somewhat lower entrance requirements ) . 
  how so ? 
  is it because of the holy week parades etc. 
  maybe ... you 're wrong about that ? 
  as is the case for spain , and to a lesser extent portugal and italy . 
  have a look at maps regarding religiosity and belief in god , spain is actually the least religious catholic country of the ones people think about traditionally ( ireland , italy , poland , portugal , etc. 
  ) , poland the most religious one . 
  spain is less religious than slovakia , poland , even italy , portugal , etc. , which does make a difference . 
  you did n't address his point . 
  he 's entirely right . 
  i never said i think he 'll made it to the second round . 
  i just think if he does it , he 'll beat le pen . 
  i predicted trump would win , and as i said some weeks ago i think if it 's macron vs le pen , macron will win . 
  if it 's fillon vs le pen however , le pen will win . 
  queues * are * shorter a bit further north , in valencia , where there are no british expats . 
  the problem is that while the brits get their healthcare * expenses * paid for , they do n't contribute to the national health service via taxes . 
  since they are disproportionately old , the ratio cost vs. contribution is worse in those areas than in other areas , where there are proportionately more younger people in working age working and paying for the health system via their taxes while not going to the doctor as often , i.e. 
  being net contributors . 
  copying and pasting from my comment above : i grew up in an area with lots of british expats ( alicante ) , and while they bring money into the local economy , it 's not like there are no disadvantages to the whole thing . 
  real estate prices have gone up and up due to the influx of british pensioners , and that means they 've gone up for local spaniards as well . 
  to a lesser extent , prices of other things have gone up too . 
  while the cost for health insurance is transferred to the uk , healthcare is provided in spain . 
  since britons are disproportionately old , they visit the doctor more often than the average population . 
  a common complaint is that they clog the waiting lines for doctor appointments , etc. 
  there are literally less than a hundred spanish retirees in the uk . 
  pasting what i wrote above : i grew up in an area with lots of british expats ( alicante ) , and while they bring money into the local economy , it 's not like there are no disadvantages to the whole thing . 
  real estate prices have gone up and up due to the influx of british pensioners , and that means they 've gone up for local spaniards as well . 
  to a lesser extent , prices of other things have gone up too . 
  while the cost for health insurance is transferred to the uk , healthcare is provided in spain . 
  since britons are disproportionately old , they visit the doctor more often than the average population . 
  a common complaint is that they clog the waiting lines for doctor appointments , etc. 
  i grew up in an area with lots of british expats ( alicante ) , and while they bring money into the local economy , it 's not like there are no disadvantages to the whole thing . 
  real estate prices have gone up and up due to the influx of british pensioners , and that means they 've gone up for local spaniards as well . 
  to a lesser extent , prices of other things have gone up too . 
  while the cost for health insurance is transferred to the uk , healthcare is provided in spain . 
  since britons are disproportionately old , they visit the doctor more often than the average population . 
  a common complaint is that they clog the waiting lines for doctor appointments , etc. 
  tell that to the spaniards who have to wait in line longer at the doctor 's because of the british retirees . 
  no it 's not . 
  the effect is minimal as the number of eu migrants who claimed benefits and ca n't claim them now is small . 
  please edit or delete your comment . 
  everything in it is wrong . 
  only the central valencian dialects have lost the voiced / z / sound , most native valencian speakers retain it . 
  valencian does have the same 7 vowels that every catalan dialect has in stressed positions ( the five spanish has plus open o and e ) . 
  the difference is that western dialects , in valencia and in western catalonia , have five vowels in unstressed positions ( the five spanish has ) whereas eastern dialects have reduced them to three ( schwa , / i / and / u / ) . 
  that is in fact the criterion used to separate catalan dialects in western and eastern . 
  there is a reason why western catalan dialects ( valencian and western catalan ) sound closer to spanish .
