  believing that they are the most trustworthy and least arrogant in europe is . 
  there * is * a wall , around ceuta and melilla . 
  common law - some chap said x a while ago in a similar case . 
  x it is . 
  civil law - law says x applied in this situation . 
  therefore x it is . 
  oh , i thought you meant the royal air force ... 
  seriously , how often do french ministers and prime ministers resign ? 
  also , it seems like every second week i read stuff like `` french president 's popularity plummets '' / `` approval ratings of french prime minister at an all-time low '' / `` french minister for economy only viewed favorably by 0.2 % of french people '', 
  you 're right . 
  volkswagen/audi is another example . 
  happy cakeday btw !, 
  quick , go look up what group massimo dutti is part of . 
  i bet you thought it was italian . 
  fyi , pull & bear is part of the inditex-zara group . 
  i 've got a feeling we have different concepts of what crimes against humanity are . 
  i work and live in germany , it 's also my money . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's what happens when you lose a war . 
  it happened to germany in 1945 just like it had happened to other nations before . 
  stop whining about it . 
   germany was ahead of them or at the same sort of point in bomb development at the time bullshit . 
  nice houses . 
  where is this ? 
  looks like the north . 
  the city was burned down more than 300 years ago ( 19 june 1707 ) , but the painting was hung that way in the 1940s . 
  since the 1940s ( some sources claim 1940 , others say 1943 ) . 
  philip v is still hated in xativa . 
  he burned down the city and renamed it san felipe ( saint philip ) after himself . 
  luckily , the name did n't stuck ( unlike the philippines , named after philip ii of spain ) and the name was changed back to xativa some years later . 
  having a king named philip vi will not sit well with the people there ( i moved out years ago ) . 
  oh come on , it 's not like i 'm the first person to use that word in that sense . 
  just the union jack with the colours changed . 
  i finished uni , could n't find a job so i moved to germany . 
  you dutchies will be thrilled today . 
  remind me again , what \u00b4 s the last line of your national anthem ? 
  this comment is factually wrong . 
  there is no ley salica in spain , and women can access the throne . 
  felipe 's daughter leonor is heiress to the throne . 
  in my hometown ( xativa , in valencia ) a portrait of him can be seen hanging upside down in the town hall . 
  he burned down the city and stripped it of its privileges . 
  sucks for us spaniards in exile . 
  i seem to be the only spanish monarchist in here ... 
   teachen taught, 
  the problem is you 're being introduced to those very important topics from a biased perspective . 
   personally i do n't mind immigration that much , even mass immigration , however we have to take into account the culture , education and numbers ( 10 % or so foreign born to me seems like a reasonable limit ) and make wise decisions so that it could benefit both party 's . 
  we 're in general agreement . 
  edit : are you from the netherlands ? 
  one of my personal heroes is [ a former somali immigrant to the netherlands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ayaan_hirsi_ali ) . 
  not denying your point , but it 's important to remember that no somali was ever asked if they wanted to be born in a poor-as-fuck shithole of a country anymore than we were asked if we wanted to be born in europe . 
  i would upvote you twice if i could . 
  i 'm working in the north now , and the problem in the south is exactly as you portrayed it . 
  there is too much idealism and too little pragmatism in spain when it comes to these issues . 
  and it 's hurting the country enormously . 
  the last one i collected was for the 1998 world cup . 
  then this year a friend of mine convinced me to buy the album , and i was hooked again ... only 89 stickers to go !, 
  the army units stationed in melilla are actually some of the best trained units in the spanish army , seeing as morocco keeps making a claim to the city . 
  there 's just literally no place in melilla for all of them . 
  many of them are eventually moved to refugee camps in mainland spain . 
  i 'd almost laugh at that shit if it was n't so sad ... 
  for the sake of spain , i hope there 's not many people with your attitude and views . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   this new party podemos has a few `` populist '' measures : 35 hours work week , retirement at 60 years old , public inversion , basic rent ... which with the current economical situation are going to be probably impossible to put in practice . 
  they are impossible to put in practice even in a good economic situation . 
  they are insane . 
  i had a look at their proposals . 
  i got as far as that bit . 
  i can not take a party seriously that makes such outrageous proposals and is so out-of-touch with reality . 
  there is no time for disneyworld idealism in spanish politics . 
  loving the deutschism in `` christdemocrats '' . 
  reminds me of a school poster i saw in a school in bremen : `` united kingdom and northireland '' . 
  just like when europe went fascist in the 1930s . 
   pp ( epp ) conservative organized crime : 16 mep  psoe ( pes ) progressive disorganized crime : 14 mep brilliant stuff . 
  honestly , i grew up in a small town in eastern spain where you could spend weeks without hearing a word in spanish , and nobody gave a fuck whether people called spanish * espa\u00f1ol * or * castellano * . 
  wow ... is she really against all european cooperation ? 
  or just against the current eu ? 
  yeah you 're right . 
  letters are not my thing ... 
   quickedit : 200 years ago , there was no such thing as a german feeling . . you were either prussian , bavarian , franconian , etc. ... 
  this is simplistic at best , inaccurate at worst . 
  actually scratch that . 
  it 's just plain wrong . 
  are n't they also an anti-eu , anti-immigration , patriotic party ? 
  i speak from ignorance ... that 's what i hear in the news . 
  could you please translate this bit ? 
  hmm ... what ? 
  unless i 'm missing something , the fn will unite forces with the likes of the dansk folkeparti ( who , by the way , also won the elections in denmark ) , ukip , the edit : fp\u00d6 and the new alternative f\u00fcr deutschland , among others . 
  principle , but yes . 
  do n't worry , you still have the world cup . 
   btw conchita is spanish slang word for pussy - http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=conchita not in spain . 
  maybe in latin america . 
  it should n't , but it sadly often does . 
  the us absorbing immigrants quickly has nothing to do with the fact that there is a higher ethnic variation than in europe . 
  it just shows that the us society is more welcoming of immigrants . 
  and i think that 's a great idea . 
  thank you . 
  how about spain . 
  also new to immigration , highest rate in western europe bar switzerland . 
  that is nonsense . 
  i 'd never vote for the pp , but whoever says that has n't lived in a country with a true far right party . 
  they do , in fairness ... the point being made here is on the whole valid , but the us has higher ethnic variation than most european countries , that is indisputable .
