   like your hilarious jab at christianity earlier ( le zombie jesus xddddd you call it a simple joke , but what you do n't understand is that it was making a serious point : that christianity is no less absurd than any other made up cult . 
  the only difference is time + adherents . 
  mate , are you aware of which subreddit you 're on ? 
  / r/europe does n't criticise islam ? 
  who says so ? 
  you ? 
  i remember jesus saying every jot and every tittle of the ot will stay . 
   and for all the other women living in catholic countries , i do hope the religious folks get another hobby too . 
  what does this mean ? 
  i 've always wondered why the azores have such a green landscape when their latitude is quite southern . 
  i see what you mean , but as someone born in alicante , british expats pose some very real problems for the local population . 
  in some areas where there is a high concentration of brits , many stores , pubs , etc. 
  are labelled in english and owned by brits . 
  while locals can of course frequent them , if they do n't speak english they will often find it difficult to be served . 
  i do n't mind much , but you can see how it rubs some local people the wrong way to see their mediterranean town turned into a suburb of bristol with nicer weather . 
  there 's also the healthcare issue . 
  many expats are of advanced age , and while healthcare costs are redirected to the nhs , they greatly exacerbate the already big problem of shortage of doctors and waiting lists in primary care and surgery . 
  loving that `` common denominator '' you fabricated there . 
  turks have less in common with arab moroccans and algerians than you think . 
  the former are the ones that are overrepresented in jails in denmark , and the ones causing the peak in the crime rates in copenhagen , \u00c5lborg , etc. 
  while facing challenges with integration , turks , if you look at the official statistics , are a whole different story . 
  it 's sad you 're being downvoted . 
  people ask immigrants from muslim countries to integrate , and when they do ( even to the point of renouncing islam ) they 're still not accepted . 
  what can you say . 
  as overused and abused as the word is these days , some people * really are * racist . 
  mainly seville , albacete and madrid for aeronautics and cartagena , ferrol and rota for ships . 
  do you mean geographically or industrially ? 
  ah , in the absence of an argument , resort to attack others for no reason . 
  if this was 1900 , would you also propose we wait and see about this whole woman voting rights thing ? 
  france is considered gay-friendly ? 
  i would n't say so , after all those anti-gay marriage rallies . 
  that 's great . 
  but we 're talking about the present time and current laws . 
  your data comes from the poll i linked to below . 
  yes , it 's high on a global scale , but low on a western european scale . 
  i 'm not talking about the state now , i 'm talking about the view italians have on homosexuality , which is less accepting than the other major western nations : http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/italy-poll-reveals-majority-opposed-gay-adoption-and-same-sex-marriage020215/#gs.8sdg89k, 
  depends what you mean by `` accepted '' . 
  you wo n't be stoned for it , but all studies and polls show italy is one of the least gay-friendly countries in western europe . 
  it 's not about same-sex marriage , it 's about civil unions . 
  italy is * that * far behind . 
  1898 never forget, 
  they do n't have enough mps for a majority and the minor parties would rather vote for psoe+p odemos than for pp+c iudadanos . 
  rajoy ( sitting prime minister and leader of the conservative pp , the most voted party ) declined to form a government , the king said in a statement . 
  now he will begin talks with the parties again . 
  i should have said `` give the order to * try * to form government '' . 
   i think that iglesias may be banking on ciudadanos ' abstention , since it 's the party that stands to lose the most in a new election i do n't think that 's true . 
  iglesias said he wanted to tell the king first , as a sign of respect to the constitutional order and to the head of state . 
  imagine that . 
  pablo iglesias is slowly but steadily becoming a monarchist . 
  man , why does the king get all the exclusive news ... 
  if i was him , i 'd sell the exclusives to the tabloids for a fortune . 
  then i 'd retire and live like a king . 
  wait . 
  he did n't say the king chooses the prime minister . 
  the king summons the top candidates of all parties that got mps and then based on the information he gathers he gives one of them the order to try to form a majority . 
  if he fails , he has to go to the king and tell him , who then will choose another one , etc. 
  in practice , it 's expected the king will give rajoy the go-ahead as the candidate with most votes , but he does n't * have to * do it legally speaking . 
  he could choose sanchez instead , seeing as he has more chances of being appointed than rajoy . 
  do n't the have a retired general as one of their top guys ? 
   he has shared this proposal with the king , who must now choose a candidate to pm to be voted by the parlament ( surely rajoy for this first round , but he has n't enough votes ) . 
  is that so sure now ? 
  the king might now give sanchez the order to form government over rajoy . 
  of course they would . 
  it would be a death blow to them . 
  man , the king gets all the exclusive news ... 
  if i was the king , i would mess around with the candidates . 
  i 'd tell the socialists that pp agreed to make sanchez prime minister , but only if he agreed to kiss the archbishop of madrid 's ring . 
  then i 'd tell iglesias the socialists had accepted the deal . 
  then i 'd tell the catalan parties that pp , psoe and podemos had agreed to move the capital from madrid to barcelona if only they shut up . 
  and the italians ? 
   but its administrative culture is definitely different from what we know and would expect by western/north-west european/german standards . 
  i love the indirect jab at southern and eastern europe there . 
  i know that . 
  i 'm valencian , and i 'm a linguist . 
  what is unwarranted is calling catalan `` officially a language '' while calling valencian `` a dialect '' . 
  that would be like calling dutch `` officially a language '' while calling flemish `` a dialect '' . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  first of all , `` xiqueta '' means little girl , and would be the equivalent of the catalan `` nena '' ( noia = xica ) . 
  the fact that you think valencian is just catalan with a spanish pronunciation shows you have no idea about the language . 
  valencian is a western dialect , and shares pronunciation with the western dialects of catalonia ( lleida , tortosa ) and with andorra . 
  the fact that you said valencian is a dialect , while catalan is a language , was the icing on the cake . 
  it 's more than that in the more rural northern part of alicante , where valencian catalan is still widely spoken . 
  valencia was mainly repopulated with catalans , and aragonese in the hinterland . 
  the * llibre del repartiment * , the 13th century book that carefully details which families got which piece of land after the arabs were expelled , is a testament of that . 
  most settlers had catalan surnames , as do most `` old '' valencians today . 
  nice, 
  but the few spanish guest workers who stayed did manage to integrate , i know this first hand ( also rafael van der vaart ) . 
  fyi , `` functionary '' = civil servant . 
  2,600 after taxes ??? 
  surely it depends on your salary , right ? 
  as one of those university-educated spaniards who found work in germany , there * is * a shortage of skilled workers in some areas , and there is n't a shortage in others . 
  in my area , i was lucky to fill the requirements , which included being highly proficient in english , spanish and german . 
  there 's no way to say this without sounding pretentious , but there 's not tons of people with a university degree in the specific field who are fluent in english , spanish and german and who are willing to move to the rather boring rural town i work in . 
  saying germany has 4.7 % unemployment does n't mean that for every available position there 's always a suitable candidate that applies . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm following you . 
  i moved to germany six years ago and have been working since day one . 
  i think i can say i 've been a net positive for the system here , considering germany did n't pay for the years of my life where i was a net negative ( education , from primary through high school to university ) , and when i moved i immediately started paying taxes and contributing . 
  do n't get me wrong , i gladly pay taxes , and i 'm not saying i deserve more than anybody else , but if my lazy-ass 45-year-old neighbour is entitled to welfare , i 'd like to have the same rights should i ever lose my job . 
  what about migrants who have been working and paying taxes for years ? 
  they 're allowed to pay taxes but they 're not allowed to receive welfare ?
