  the football ones are hilarious . 
  i lost it at the third one . 
  loved the last one . 
  two generations later than everywhere else . 
  oh ok i get it now . 
  yeah that would be cool . 
  hmm what ? 
  either i 'm not understanding you , or you did n't understand me ... 
  the way it is now , you get one surname from the paternal side and another one from the maternal side . 
  maternal surnames survive for two generations instead of zero like in most other countries . 
  with your proposal , it would be the same . 
  not sure how they got data from a country torn in half . 
  spain to overtake italy again . 
  it 's the epic race to mediocrity of our age . 
  again , ** everybody ** has two surnames . 
  that 's just the way it is and always has been in spain . 
  so your first question essentially means : `` what happens always ? '' . 
  the standard and traditional way is that the child 's first surname is the first surname of their father , and their second surname is the first surname of their mother . 
  so if juan l\u00f3pez r\u00edos and ana garc\u00eda soler have a child called mar\u00eda , she 'll be called mar\u00eda l\u00f3pez garc\u00eda . 
  however , the parents ( of the child after their 18th birthday ) may choose to reverse the order of the surnames , so she 'd be called mar\u00eda garc\u00eda l\u00f3pez . 
  downvoted , of course ... but i agree with you . 
  and we have two surnames . 
  a real hassle for spaniards living abroad . 
  what, 
  bidets in every bathroom in spain as well . 
  first time i hear of this . 
  some will , but most will split between pp and psoe . 
  also , psoe will want to avoid new elections at all costs . 
  they 're happy they were n't overtaken by podemos ... 
  that is punishing the victim , and is exactly the same argument people in the southern us used in the 1960s when the debate about desegregating schools started . 
  `` you ca n't do that yet , black kids are going to be bullied ... '' the solution to the bullying of children of gay couples is fighting the bullying of children of gay couples , not banning gays from adopting children and surrendering to the bullies . 
  the typhoon wasnt a failure ... 
  they d'hondt . 
  i should have got that pun . 
  i feel stupid now . 
  i still see a psoe + podemos coalition as the most feasible one . 
  i can see it happening if they get support . 
  psoe + podemos government with ciudadanos abstention . 
  or psoe + podemos government with support of erc + dil , under conditions of hard concessions to catalonia , but not referendum . 
  or psoe + podemos government with support of iu + pnv + dil + cc , if erc refuses to support them without a referendum . 
  the last two options have just enough seats for an absolute majority ( 176 ) . 
  why do you keep saying that ? 
  do you think spain is some 1950s banana republic ? 
  edit : i am not a smart man . 
  it still would n't happen with the current house . 
  you need two-thirds of the votes . 
  the senate is irrelevant in practice . 
  in the first zapatero administration , we had a socialist-controlled congress and a conservative-controlled senate . 
  laws like the same-sex marriage act were delayed two weeks but eventually passed , that 's all . 
  but you have the awful 5 % cutting line to enter parliament ... in germany , iu-up would have 0 seats . 
   he simply appoints the candidate with more seats in the parliament . 
  it 's important to not that he does n't * have * to choose the one with more seats , however . 
  he chooses the leader of a party ( typically the most voted one first , but that 's at the king 's discretion ) and gives them the order to negotiate to form a government . 
  if talks fail , he calls the leader of another party and gives them the order to form a government . 
  if all talks fail , he calls for new elections in two months . 
  one of them counts podemos plus their coalition lists in valencia , galicia etc. 
  ( which is the right way to count them ) , the other counts only podemos and the rest separately . 
  is it me , or are there no results in this thread ? 
  at 90 % counted : - pp : 122 mps ( 28.6 % ) - psoe : 91 mps ( 22.19 % ) - podemos : 69 mps ( 20.7 % ) - ciudadanos : 40 mps ( 13.8 % ) - erc : 9 mps - dil : 8 mps - pnv : 6 mps - eh-bildu : 2 mps - iu-up : 2 mps - cc : 1 mp majority : 176 mps, 
  i made a pretty good guess two days ago . 
  i stand by what i said then overall . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xbfln/who_will_win_the_next_spanish_elections/cy3j40k  i 'm going to make a guess :  - pp : 27 % - psoe : 22,5 % - podemos : 21 % - ciudadanos : 14 %  prediction : psoe+p odemos coalition government , possibly with support or abstention from minor parties . 
  i can see psoe+p odemos not getting enough seats to reach a majority , and not willing to reach agreements with the catalan nationalists . 
  so they might get pedro s\u00e1nchez appointed as prime minister with the votes of psoe+p odemos , votes against of pp and ciudadanos and the abstention of minor regional nationalist parties . 
  as it stands , the two catalan nationalist parties will be key . 
  this could unclog the catalan clusterfuck , or make it worse . 
  either way , it really is a mess of a parliament . 
  it looks like the king will finally have something to do . 
  are you from valencia or catalonia ? 
   i think just having the referendum at this point makes sense . 
  it is healthy for the central government to not allow the referendum at all . 
  it really is . 
  really do n't feel like talking about this shit with regressive-minded people like you . 
  suffice it to say , gays have been allowed to marry and adopt in my country for over ten years now , and their kids are as healthy as any , if not more . 
  they will catch the gays !, 
  of course !, 
  democracy is only to be defended when it suits my intersts . 
  rajoy * literally * has a speech impediment . 
  turnout has turned out ( hehe ) to be poor at 2pm . 
  you 're right . 
  they were n't needed last time either though ... 
  ciudadanos has two meps and they * are * part of alde . 
  not quite as fucked up as the first-past-the-post system , where a party like ukip can get 13 % of the votes and one mp ... 
  chances are they still will . 
  imagine scenario 2 : psoe+p odemos reach 165 mps . 
  they reach agreements with pnv and cc to get the 8 mps they need to reach a majority ( or with the catalan parties ) . 
  not that unthinkable . 
  very good analysis , but ( bearing in mind this is all very subjective ) , i stand by what i said about c 's being centre . 
  they 're certainly to the left of pp , and are really a textbook example of a classical liberal party in the european sense ( * laissez faire * , but secular and socially progressive ) . 
  another redditor already pointed it out , but there is a small mistake : election constituencies are the provinces , of which there are 50 , and not the 17 `` comunidades autonomas '' . 
  so we 're talking about lleida , girona , tarragona and barcelona , not about catalonia . 
  it 's easier than that . 
  do n't know about the judge thing , but polling stations close at 8pm , and usually we have results with over 90 % of the votes counted by 10:30 pm . 
  it 's really quite fast . 
  i want to believe people are good and honest . 
  you keep trying to corrupt me !, 
  they probably were n't . 
  polls show there is no majority support for independence in the basque country . 
  felipe vi , 
  you clearly do n't know what a parliamentary democracy is .
