  what evidence do you have that immigration has more negative effects on the economy of richer countries than positive ones ? 
  whenever this argument is brought up , it 's always the poor beggars from romania and the violent thiefs from bulgaria that get mentioned . 
  but nobody talks about cases like mine , people who 've had the luck of having a university education and have then moved to the northern part of europe to find stable jobs . 
  people whose education costs ( a six-digit figure from kindergarten to university ) have been paid for by their home country , but who then go on to return the investment and pay taxes in their adopted country . 
  it 's fine to use socialist in this sense in english . 
  the major social-democratic party in the upcoming elections to the eu parliament is called the party of european socialists . 
  galician is also official in galicia . 
  in addition to the basque country , basque is spoken and official in navarre . 
  in addition to catalonia , catalan is spoken and official in valencia and in the balearic islands . 
  not all of navarre and valencia are historically basque and valencian speaking , though , and not everybody speaks basque , catalan and galician in the regions where they are official . 
  many people , actually most people these days have spanish as their first language there . 
  as to spanish itself , there really are n't any distinct dialects as is the case with german and italian . 
  the last ones of those are dying out . 
  there are differences in vocabulary and pronunciation mostly , different accents and the like . 
  the spanish spoken in bilbao is different from the one spoken in madrid or the one spoken in seville . 
  but it 's roughly the same as the differences in accents in standard german within germany and austria . 
  the point is , there are already lots of differences within spain . 
  to that , you have to add trans-atlantic differences . 
  haha , i remember i bought oblivion back when i first moved to germany ... my german was n't great and i did n't realise the game was only in german . 
  thanks to that game i now know what a dietrich is . 
  so true ... for what it 's worth , i think latin american translations and dubs are often of higher quality than the spanish ones . 
  also , remember when disney used to make one dub for all the spanish-speaking world in mexico df ? 
  i ca n't picture watching the jungle book with spanish accents ... 
  it can get even worse though ... 
  i grew up in valencia and valencian catalan is my first language . 
  back when i was a kid , i used to watch cartoons dubbed in valencian in the valencian tv network , and sometimes the same show dubbed in catalan in the catalan tv network . 
  now , people are having flamewars on youtube etc. 
  as to which dragon ball opening song was better . 
   i would sooner trust the dutch version nice dutchism . 
  you guys think it 's bad with french and german ? 
  try spanish and bring latin america into the picture ... 
   emissions shows/programmes  resume summarise i think those words mean something different than what you used them for in english . 
  also , german journalists do n't fuck around in interviews . 
  i remember when i started watching german tv . 
  damn , those interviewers really made their guests sweat ... they keep pressing the hot buttons and are not afraid to ask the delicate questions , the ones that everybody really wants to be asked and answered . 
  what / u/lordzounds said . 
  istambul is in europe . 
  in any case , current turkey has nothing to do with the byzantine empire . 
  more european than what eu member ? 
  ours can stay put thank you very much . 
   culturally , it 's more european than some of the current member states ... how does this sentence make sense ... 
  ceuta and melilla . 
  the borders are blurry in some specific areas , but mostly they 've been very clear for ages . 
  and they exclude most ( but not all ) of turkey , israel and canada . 
  it 's not idiomatic , that much is clear . 
  however , it is grammatically correct . 
  your explanation is n't accurate . 
  it has nothing to do with enumerating items , and the fact that the two sentences are split does n't enter into it ( look at the examples ) . 
  `` neither '' is being used here to introduce a further negative statement , which is the second definition of `` neither '' and of `` nor '' in the oxford dictionary . 
   none of the examples you linked use `` does '' , which changes things . 
  it does n't . 
  grammatically ( which is what is important here ) it changes nothing . 
  examples are always going to be limited . 
  look at the definition . 
  it fits the example at hand . 
  i do n't think it 's unclear , at least not according to the oxford sources i posted . 
  whether it is idiomatic or not is another story . 
  i do n't think you 're right . 
  check the sources in my edited comment . 
  english is not my native language ... should n't the last sentence read `` nor does vladimir putin '' ? 
  edit : looks like both `` neither '' and `` nor '' would be correct in this case : http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nor http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/neither http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/nor, 
  friki = geek . 
  nerd does n't have a direct translation ... 
  i 've heard many young people simply use the english word : `` eres un nerd '' . 
  flair up !, 
  to be fair , it 's only used in spain in rural areas informally by local farmers and peasants . 
  once shit gets industrial , it 's all about metric . 
  i never figured out how many kgs an arroba was ... 
  i think something like 13 . 
  yes . 
  arroba in spanish . 
  do n't know in france , but the unit is still used in spain . 
  my dad grows oranges , and he weights them in arrobas , not in kgs . 
  i 've been living in germany for five years and i 've never heard anyone call @ as anything other than `` at '' . 
  what track record ? 
  i 've been living and working in germany for five years now . 
  i never had any problems finding work , applying for a position or indeed being hired . 
  i read this article in el mundo a couple of days ago and puked a little in my mouth . 
  pure sensationalist rubbish . 
   less than 10 % of the foreigners in germany are spanish it 's actually more like 1 % . 
  you guys should just swap houses . 
  * high five *, 
  i watched a tv show the other day where a homeless man was talking about how he gets 390 $ from hartz iv . 
  why was he living under a bridge if hartz iv covers rent costs ? 
  the people making an outcry for reasons of ethnic purity are the sheer definition of racist . 
  i moved from spain to germany five years ago , have been working full-time since day one , paying my taxes , contributing to the system , integrating in society . 
  i guess you 'd love to see me gtfo . 
  let me just say i 'm happy most people i 've met here are nothing like you . 
  do you realise how racist that sounds ? 
  wondering if that really is what you meant ... 
   rent did you mean retirement pension ? 
  i do n't think hartz iv pays your rent . 
   i fail to see why we needed another huge airport just a two hours train ride away from that one . 
  because two hours is a long time ... 
  i 'm from spain and live in germany . 
  i keep hearing all these people complain about the delays and the costs of the new berlin airport . 
  back where i 'm from , a new airport was built with public money years ago , and to this day there still has n't been a single flight . 
  it 's just empty , rotting away . 
  i think you germans call this `` luxusproblem '' . 
  thanks .
