  it 's not political policy is it . 
  it 's racial policy . 
  own up to your views . 
  holy shit ... for a moment i thought i was in stormfront . 
  saying that europe is too white is simply stupid . 
  but making the opposite argument ( that europe is not white enough anymore and that we should stop immigration from non-white countries to preserve europe 's whiteness ) is the sheer definition of racism , and in my opinion morally repugnant . 
  of course . 
  i moved to germany for work in 2009 and my german girlfriend and i are getting married soon , so looks like i 'm staying ... 
  you have no idea what a representative sample is . 
  yes , mainly moroccan . 
  pretty far from the conflict areas . 
  absolutely not true . 
  the poles and the turks in the ruhr area are just polar opposites when it comes to integration . 
  the turks have built a parallel society and do not mix with the local germans . 
  i bet if they stay , their children and grandchildren will integrate no problem . 
  in the ruhr area in germany , the polish people who migrated there in the 19th and early 20th century intermarried with the locals and their descendants are indistinguishable from your average german . 
   why is a country any more obligated to help their own citizens than other humans who suffer inconceivably more ? 
   are n't we beyond nationalism now ? 
  we are n't , sadly . 
  i 'm very critical of islam and of the lack of integration many muslim immigrants in europe show , but some people would rather let homeless syrian children die than risk not being able to afford the $ 2,000 flat screen tv and having to settle for the $ 1,900 one . 
  this is an odd comment . 
  he was just stating his opinion , and hoping others join him . 
  europe not being responsible for the syrian civil war is one thing , but it 's another thing to say we should n't help those who 've lost their homes and had to flee fearing for their lives . 
  now , finding out who was legitimately in danger and who 's taking advantage might be a hard task , but i personally do n't think we should deny help to those who truly need it . 
  no , what * you 're * doing is gamble , what i 'm doing is investing . 
  timing the market is the ** very definition ** of gambling in the stock market . 
  no matter how convinced you are or how loud you say it , you have no idea how long this slump will last , or when the markets will go up again . 
  and i have no idea either : which is precisely why i do n't try to time the market . 
  i invest 3,500 $ every four months into low-cost index funds and etfs : 30 % msci north america , 30 % msci europe , 30 % msci emerging markets , 10 % msci pacific , according to market capitalisation . 
  and i do n't try to guess when it 's a good idea to buy or when it 's a good idea to sell . 
  i 'm in it for the long haul , and i 've done enough research to know market timing and active trading is the best recipe for diminished returns . 
  i did n't modify my strategy in 2013 , when the market was growing at a rate of 25 % , and i 'm not modifying it now , when it 's shaking and falling . 
  as / u/gentleroar says , i stay the course . 
  ok . can you tell me whether the drops will continue in the following days ? 
  will you tell me when is a good time to buy more stocks ? 
  precisely because the biggest drop happened a month ago , it was far from clear that there would be further significant drops . 
  well , no other option now ... 
  not the only thing i bought , but it 's been the one taking the hardest hit . 
  lol guess who bought 1,100 $ worth of emerging markets stocks just a week ago . 
  `` do n't time the market '' , they said ... `` the best moment to invest is always now '' , they said ... 
  you 're right in that these terms are very ambiguous , but you have to understand that for portuguese , spaniards , etc. , anything north of paris is northern europe . 
  is it me , or does the term western europe get confusing ? 
  it used to mean the western half of europe , that is the countries west of the former iron curtain . 
  this poll included italy for instance . 
  a minor , irrelevant detail ... 
  typical ... `` we 'll decide and let you know what we decided for you to agree '' . 
  which is why a big crisis was needed and we should see the silver lining in this whole affair . 
  agreed . 
  since it is inception . 
  the supreme court striked down the new labour law . 
  ha , i just realised in spanish we call it `` primera comuni\u00f3n '' but then `` confirmaci\u00f3n '' instead of `` segunda comuni\u00f3n '' . 
  weird . 
  hmm i 'm not a native speaker but i do n't think you 're using the expression `` to let oneself go '' correctly . 
  i thought you meant verhofstadt had gotten fat . 
  perhaps a native english speaker can clarify . 
  or are you one ? 
  in that case nevermind . 
  i majored in translation and interpreting with a specialty in simultaneous interpreting . 
  not ashamed to say i abandoned the job as it proved too hard and stressful for me . 
  what do you mean he let himself go ? 
  also , you know , germany lost almost 40 % of its territory . 
  lol . 
  i swear some people live in a parallel universe or something ... 
  yes . 
  when he found out , he could n't live with the guilt so he killed himself . 
  thank you based east german . 
  i 'm sure the stasi will take care of this matter immediately and efficiently . 
  on the latter , do you mean support by the people in eurozone countries for administrative and fiscal union , or by the governments ? 
  is n't there quite a bit of support already ? 
  holy shit . 
  and i thought corruption and tax evasion was bad in spain ... 
  not to the same extent , but yes . 
   i do n't believe ( heh ) that you can say that something has different connotations ( not only `` negative '' ones , but meaningful ones ) and mean the same . 
  i 'm a linguist , so perhaps i 'm taking a `` radical '' approach at this . 
  connotations are not related to the literal semantic meaning of a word , but to its social and cultural implications . 
  the explicit meaning of a word is its * denotation * . 
  its implicit social or cultural associations are its * connotation * . 
   pure agnosticism ( non believers ) and agnostic atheism ( atheists ) are both part of the irreligious group of people regarding religion . 
  but their instances are not the same , so you can be one , or the other . 
  so they are not the same . 
  again , i disagree with your classification . 
  non-believers are people who do not believe ( in god ) . 
  that is the basic definition of atheism , or if you want , of `` weak atheism '' : lack of belief in god . 
  you can certainly be one * and * the other . 
  in fact , you pretty much * have * to be the two in a literal sense . 
   you could argue , of course , that an atheist is also a non-believer , but i think that denying the existance of anything to believe in is far deeper than that . 
  ah , now it becomes clearer . 
  you seem to hold the view that atheism = hard atheism ( the strong denial of the existence of any gods ) . 
  many people hold that view , but that is not the necessary meaning of the word atheist . 
  an atheist is simply someone who does n't believe in any god . 
  i certainly do n't think your definition is accurate though . 
  an atheist is certainly not someone who `` denies the existence of anything to believe in '' . 
  which is exactly what i said ... 
  you 're agreeing with me ... 
  i said they mean the same but have slightly different connotations . 
   abortion ? 
  yes , but with some limitations ( or , if you prefer , `` no , but with some exceptions '' ) . 
  most spaniards are pretty liberal on abortion even when compared with the most liberal western democracies . 
  the proposed abortion reform by the conservative government in power met with such backlash that the prime minister had to drop it and it ended the political career of the minister of justice , as you know . 
  the law is now one of the most progressive abortion laws in the world .
