  yes , yes . 
  aggressive confrontation is definitely the best way to de-escalate the catalan conflict . 
   personally i think a party like podemos which recognises spain as a nation of nations like the uk , and which accepts the right to self-determination , as we have here with scotland ( it was never even in question really ) , is the only way spain will stay united . 
  as it is , i think their inmovilismo only makes it worse . 
  you 're right . 
  sadly , only a minority of spaniards agree with you . 
  whereas brits know the power of pragmatism , there is a lot of * burros * in spain , and that 's always been the main problem in this country . 
   retrospective retrospect, 
  and the biggest of which , including the new president , is right-wing . 
  there 's no way to twist it anymore : cup , just like erc and all pro-independence parties , have conclusively shown they care about independence more than they care about anything else . 
  it really is a fantastic show . 
  whenever you think it 's going to get boring , they manage to come up with a plot twist . 
  you 're right , but the thing is , there are not that many southern europeans ( ca n't speak for eastern europeans ) who are willing to move and settle in germany . 
  while unemployment is still high , the economy is starting to recover and the difference in standard of living is not big enough for a high enough number of people to be willing to leave it all behind and move to another country . 
  i 'm a spaniard living ( and working ) in germany . 
  after 6 years , i think i can say i 'm integrated and feel part of this society , which i sometimes feel i appreciate and cherish more than many old germans . 
  i have a full-time , stable job and live with my german girlfriend . 
  that being said , it was definitely not easy , especially when it comes to learning the language . 
  german is hard , and it takes years to master , much more if you want to achieve a high degree of proficiency and avoid making mistakes . 
  i 'm saying this because if it was hard for me , and i had a university degree and come from a country that is closer in terms of culture , values and religion than syria , iraq , etc. , we should n't get our hopes too high when it comes to the recent wave of refugees . 
  alright then , show me the graph of unemployment in spain since the restoration of democracy . 
  let 's see who 's right . 
  unemployment in spain was at its highest in 1994 ( psoe ) and 2009 ( psoe ) and was reduced during aznar and rajoy 's administrations . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that graph shows the total number of people within the social security system ( basically equivalent to the number of people working and paying taxes ) , not the percentage of people who are unemployed . 
  while both variables are related , they do n't correlate 1-to-1 with one another , and more importantly , it makes no sense to use the total number of people , given that the population of spain has obviously grown since 1982 . 
  in any case , your graph * still * proves my point . 
  the number of people contributing to the system grew by 2 million during the 14 years of the gonzalez administration ( left-wing ) , and by 5 million under aznar ( right-wing ) , in almost half the time ( 8 years ) . 
  zapatero rode the waves of the aznar administration for a while before making a mess out of it , and ended up right where he started , with no real growth after 7 years . 
  it took another right-wing government to fix that mess . 
  i 've never voted for pp , but facts speak a clear language , in spain and everywhere else : leftist governments are a recipe for mass unemployment and economic stagnation . 
  a spaniard just corrected your german grammar . 
  go sit in the corner and think about that . 
  unemployment in spain has always been at its highest during left-wing governments and been reduced during right-wing governments . 
  the left 's special talent is getting people unemployed . 
  but are n't spaniards and italians also * s\u00fcdlander * for you ? 
   perpetrators look `` southern , arabic '' police said `` from northern africa or the arab area '' . 
  do n't you put this evil on us !, 
  but you did n't need 10 guys for the madrid bombings . 
  they were n't suicide bombers . 
  the only islamist terrorist attack in europe that was deadlier than the paris attacks was carried out with explosives ( madrid 2004 , 192 dead , 1500 injured ) . 
  grammar do n't either . 
  do n't you ? 
  he 's not wrong . 
  in my valencian dialect of catalan , we do n't say * tardor * ( though that 's the standard catalan word ) but * primavera d'hivern * : `` winter spring '' . 
  we are talking about the future of the catalan language . 
  in this context , it seems to me the only reasonable metric we can use is the number of native speakers ( unless the diglossic situation suddenly does a 180 turn , and non-native speakers of catalan start switching from their native spanish to catalan for their everyday interactions , which seems highly improbable ) . 
  and around we go ... 
  i am well aware of the mass migration of southern spaniards to catalonia during franco 's time . 
  that is , indeed , i believe , the major reason behind the decline in native catalan speakers of catalan in catalonia . 
  once again , and this is really the last time : you must know that the 78 % number refers to those who can speak catalan and use it occasionally , not to those who are native speakers of catalan and use it as their preferred language of communication in everyday life . 
  i do n't think you 're stupid enough to not know the difference between speakers of a language , native speakers of a language , and speakers who use that language primarily in everyday life . 
  i 'm forced to conclude that you are purposefully trying to deceive others by taking numbers that show knowledge , proficiency and occasional use of catalan ( 11 million , 78 % of catalans ) and making them pass as the number or percentage of native speakers of catalan , or of people who use catalan primarily in everyday life . 
  and spain . 
  and canada . 
  and south africa . 
  south fucking africa legalised same-sex marriage before any nordic nation did . 
  we 've gone through this over and over again , and your constant confusion of total speakers with percentage of speakers , and percentage of people with knowledge of catalan with * native speakers of catalan * , which is what i was specifically referring to from the get go , as i made very clear , is telling . 
  facts do n't care about an agenda , and the fact that you attempted to equivocate by throwing the 11 million speakers number out there , which you very well know does not represent native speakers , says a lot about who 's being dishonest here . 
  experience shows that would be irrelevant . 
  catalan is the sole official language of andorra , and it 's being displaced there by spanish as well . 
  language is by definition democratic , bottom-up rather than top-down . 
  holy shit , i was in poland earlier this year and i was shocked at how religious people are there . 
  the churches were ** packed ** . 
  excuse me ? 
  we were ahead of all of the nordics . 
  not really . 
  official recognition has greatly expanded . 
  it is most certainly a natural phenomenon of language substitution due to diglossia and other factors . 
  denmark is one such case . 
   nothing . 
  we simply seem okay with the fact that `` marriage '' is supposedly a religious thing and so wo n't force churches to perform that . 
  but this is not about what the church does , but about what the state does . 
  following your line of argument , the state should n't issue marriage licences to divorced people , since the church does n't marry them . 
   it is n't like the partnership is significantly different from the `` real '' marriage at this point . 
  a few changes and updates are still being discussed , but before long , all the rights will be pretty much the same . 
  as you imply , the rights are very much not the same . 
  and even if they were , it would still not be the same in one very fundamental respect : it would not be marriage . 
  separate but equal is not equal . 
  believe you me , they are . 
  i do n't know much about basque or galician , but the percentage of native catalan speakers has been steadily declining for decades . 
  it 's now at 34 % in catalonia and as low as 20 % in valencia . 
  the situation in the balearic islands is a bit better ( about 50 % ) but catalan is also declining there . 
  sources can be found on the catalan language wikipedia article on the catalan language . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , as part of that 20 % of valencians who speak valencian/catalan as their first language , but i 'm convinced the catalan language is doomed to extinction , and will be only residually spoken within 40-50 years . 
  i used to believe an independent catalonia was the only chance to save the language , but i now think it 's too late even for that . 
  assuming psoe does n't change their stance and join `` grand coalition '' with pp ( maybe + ciudadanos ) . 
  and germany . 
  and switzerland . 
  and austria . 
  seriously german-speaking europe , what 's wrong with ze schwulen menschen ? 
  they want to include us valencians and other catalan-speaking areas in a greater catalan state . 
  polonia must have been partying all night . 
  they just got the script written for them . 
  12 hour-long assembly , three votes , ends in a statistically hilarious draw . 
  result = let 's go to bed , we 'll decide another time ... more spanish than a well-tended paella . 
  the surrender of breda is my favourite ( do n't tell the dutchies though :p ) . 
  probably . 
  as would have been the case if he 'd been an unemployed spaniard . 
  you need to live for 10 years in spain to be eligible for citizenship ( 2 years if you 're from a former colony ) .
