  i always use the term `` no creyente '' when referring to myself in spain , just because the term `` ateo '' carries some negative connotations and both terms mean the same . 
  sorry should have clarified . 
  there are other options on the poll , one of them being `` believer of another faith '' ( 2.1 % ) . 
  the term `` no creyente '' ( which i translate as `` non-believer '' ) is used in spain by people who do not believe in any gods though , not by deists/agnostics . 
  but he 's still on the job ? 
  that is a very good sign actually . 
   coming out of barcelona airport ( ha , not like that ) too late . 
  i now have a mental picture of you leaving the el prat airport while flamboyantly waving your arms and shouting `` well helllloooo spaaaaain !, 
  that would be true if we were talking about agnostics vs atheists . 
  but here the two options are atheists and non-believers ... spaniards wishing to describe their own views according to your second definition will typically use the term * agn\u00f3stico * ( see former prime minister jos\u00e9 luis rodr\u00edguez zapatero ) . 
  i take it you 're using figures from the state-run cis surveys . 
  the last cis survey showed these numbers : catholic : 68 % non-believers : 16 % atheists : 10 % i have no idea why they differentiate between `` non-believers '' ( * no creyente * ) and `` atheists '' ( * ateos * ) . 
  not believing in god is the definition of atheism . 
  it 's perfect !, 
  ( apart from the \u00f1 and the \u00b4 on tambi\u00e9n but that 's understandable if you 're on an american keyboard ), 
  i would n't say spain is majority atheist just yet , but it 's certainly much more secular and less religious than most people seem to think . 
  podemos called for reparations ? 
  missed that . 
  as a spaniard living in northern europe , this is the only widely-held stereotype about spain that i encounter here that is not true : that spaniards are very religious and very socially conservative . 
  i can understand why the stereotype exists though . 
  it was true 40 years ago . 
  it 's just that with the death of franco and the advent of democracy , spain underwent a rapid process of secularisation and moved towards progressive stances more quickly than other european countries . 
  uni\u00f3 democr\u00e1tica de catalunya , which just split from its sister coalition party converg\u00e8ncia democr\u00e0tica de catalunya ( ciu does n't exist anymore ) is a conservative christian-democratic party and opposed same-sex marriage . 
  data is flawed ( different polls ) and very outdated ( 2006 ) . 
  other rights as well , not just abortion ... 
  what is your argument against equality in adoption rights ? 
  you 're overestimating the religiousness of catholics in southern european countries . 
  speaking as a spaniard living in a majority catholic region of germany , there really is n't much difference in social attitudes . 
  it 's not a coincidence cdu/csu-governed germany is still to legalize same-sex marriage while spain will celebrate the 10 anniversary of its marriage equality act in six days . 
  you seem to rely too much on your own prejudices instead of looking at the facts . 
  that would have wide-ranging and long-lasting consequences . 
  greece would have trouble financing itself on the market for decades . 
  explain how hirsi ali is a fascist . 
  hey , you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  i find the cartoons just plain boring and unnecessarily inflamatory . 
  and do n't get me started on wilders . 
  of course we can disagree and criticise : that 's what a free society is all about . 
  he ignored your opinion allright , but how did he suppress it ? 
  you are the one who wants to suppress opinions because you deem them to be `` offensive '' . 
  here we go ... so we should ban all speech deemed to be offensive ? 
  who decides what is offensive ? 
  you ? 
  the government ? 
  the offended party ? 
  and while we 're at it , why stop at offensive ? 
  why not ban all speech that is sexist ? 
  or homophobic ? 
  are these not worse than some offensive cartoons ? 
  you can use that line to justify all kinds of censorship . 
  xy says homosexuality is immoral . 
  i say `` i do n't think freedom of speech is an excuse to be homophobic '' . 
  xy says women ca n't drive . 
  i say `` i do n't think freedom of speech is an excuse to be sexist '' . 
  muslim xy says `` infidels will go to hell '' . 
  i say `` i do n't think freedom of speech is an excuse to be intolerant of other people 's religions '' . 
  and we could go on and on , until there 's nothing else that can be said freely without the fear of censorship . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` modern '' . 
  commonly accepted within society ? 
  you 're free to say racist and homophobic . 
  just like these people are free to draw offensive cartoons if they want . 
  that 's what freedom of speech is about . 
  time plays a role too . 
  christianity , mormonism , scientology ... 
  and yet she 's hated and reviled by the armchair leftist establishment for being an `` islamophobe '' . 
  it would be fantastic if you could translate the categories !, 
  the only finnish i know is `` mit\u00e4 vittua !, 
  i 'm curious , what do eu flag flairs have to do with it ? 
  your comment does n't make sense ... spain is still hurting but the situation is just not comparable with greece 's . 
  spain is able to finance itself on the market . 
  greece ... well , we know all about it . 
  italy is more religious than portugal and especially spain , though . 
  because they 're not highly religious and conservative anymore . 
  you 're not . 
  enlighten me , then . 
  before reading your reply , i already knew it was going to start with `` freedom of speech is great , * but * ... '' . 
  freedom of speech is great . 
  full stop . 
  the freedom of speech includes the freedom to provoke , to criticise , to use satire , humour and sarcasm . 
  you are free to say those cartoons wo n't bring anything constructive to the table . 
  others will disagree , and argue that the mere fact that the cartoons are published forces people to confront provocation and satire even when it deals with their most cherished beliefs , thus strenghtening our free society . 
  i ask again : what should we do ? 
  make amendments to freedom of speech to curtail it when it comes to the provocation of minorities ? 
  and in that case , who decides what is provocative ? 
  the `` provoked '' person ? 
  then we might as well ban freedom of speech completely , since virtually * any * exercise of freedom of speech is bound to be found provocative by someone . 
  or should be just ban what you , / u/belibelo , happen to find provocative ? 
   also , the concept of freedom of religion , speech and expression originate from france , 1793 even before , see the us constitution and the bill of rights . 
  no need = !, 
  no right you might think this is needless provocation , others might think it is necessary satire . 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  who decides what is needless provocation and what is n't ? 
  should we just ban everything that is provocative ? 
  that does n't enter into it . 
  he 's free to disagree with this and anything else . 
  hell , he 's free to disagree about democracy or even human rights . 
  it 's what freedom of thought and expression is about . 
  i personally tagged you as `` raging homophobe '' , but rest assured , i 'm not going to send you death threats and i doubt anyone will gun down your place . 
  no matter how hard you try , you ca n't compare . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but are non-western immigrants in denmark mostly muslims , or at least perceived to be so by df voters ? 
  italy ?
