  not as a nation-wide party . 
  i ignored 1a because ciudadanos said they 'll never vote for rajoy . 
  though they 're politicians ... 1b is extremely unlikely , like you said . 
  1c i already comtemplated . 
  but ciudadanos is far from being extremely liberal in the * laissez faire * economic sense ... they 're just liberal in the european context . 
  the term used in english to refer to the head of government in a parliamentary democracy is prime minister ( with a few exceptions , like chancellor in germany ) . 
  that 's irrespective of how they 're referred to in their respective languages , whether it be presidente del gobierno in spain , presidente del consiglio in italy , etc. 
  there is a controversy about in the same way that there is a controversy about evolution and creationism . 
  one side has facts , the other side has prejudices . 
  the dialect of someone from castell\u00f3n and someone from lleida are more similar than the dialect of someone from lleida is compared to someone from barcelona . 
  this is n't even debated in linguistics . 
  right , but el peri\u00f2dic d'andorra ( owned by el peri\u00f3dico de catalunya ) are the main newspaper of andorra , they 're not just on air right before spanish elections . 
  i 'm from valencia . 
  i think that 's disingenous . 
  looking at their programme , ciudadanos are a textbook classical liberal party , much like the german fdp or the other parties that are part of the alde group in the european parliament . 
  economically , they promote classical liberalism , support * laissez-faire * policies and deregulation . 
  socially , they 're secular and progressive , definitely to the left of the pp . 
  she was weird . 
   catalan is very similair to or the same almost as valencian catalan and valencian are two names for the same language . 
  well thank you !, 
  i 'm honoured . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't guarantee i 'll be around to make and update a thread with results . 
  perhaps somebody else has the time and will to do it ? 
  ciudadanos said they wo n't reach agreements with podemos ( because they have reached agreements with nationalist parties ) . 
  spanish election law stipulates that no opinion polls can be made public through any means in spain during the last week leading up to the election . 
  surveys * can * however be conducted , as long as their are not made public in spain . 
  andorra is a sovereign state , so it 's legal to publish results there . 
  el peri\u00f2dic d'andorra , the main newspaper of andorra , realised that a good way of getting lots of money in advertising was to conduct and publish polls about spanish elections in the last week leading up to them , which they 've been doing since 2008 . 
  this whole thing goes to show one thing : the law has been rendered obsolete by the advent of the internet . 
  it means their key political figures did not have a political past to run away from like rosa d\u00edez did . 
  exactly . 
  the fruit colours match the party colours . 
  and you are the one talking about democracy ? 
  you 'll take a little bit of this , a little bit of that , cook it the way it suits you and * voil\u00e0 * , you do what you wanted to do since day 1 . 
  excuse me ? 
  podemos and ciudadanos did not exist as nation-wide parties in the last election in 2011 . 
  because ciudadanos has less baggage . 
  this is my last attempt . 
   right here :  `` the parties that did n't support independence got 53 % of the votes . '', 
  which is correct . 
  answer this question : did catsiqueespot support independence ? 
   if you do n't support independence in a referendum , you 're against it . 
  either this was a referendum or local elections , and `` i do n't care '' votes do n't count for either side , so `` did n't support independence '' is not an option . 
  you should be the one working on reading comprehension . 
  or was that an intentional mistake to try to bunch catsiquespot with the unionists ? 
  i said twice already , including in my original post , that catsiqueespot were not unionists . 
  maybe i should write it in caps ? 
  i refuse to believe you do n't see the difference between the stance of pp ( against independence ) and that of catsiqueespot ( support for referendum , but no support for either option ) . 
  the relevant fact stands : the citizens of catalonia had the option of voting for parties that supported independence . 
  those parties had widely touted the elections as a * de facto * referendum for independence . 
  the pro-independence parties received 47 % of the votes . 
  how often do we have to go through this ... you know as well as i do that half of those concepts are subjective and that the right to self-determination is a very diffuse concept influenced by a wide range of disciplines . 
  who defines what is `` a people '' ? 
  do you ? 
  do spanish nationalists ? 
  do the people of the aran valley ? 
  the citizens of barcelona ? 
   you ca n't keep democracy from us . 
  but you can keep democracy from yourselves when it suits you , declaring a self-proclaimed referendum as won with 47 % of the votes . 
  what about the right to territorial integrity ? 
  you 're equivocating by equating self-determination of , say , catalonia with basic human rights , and you know it . 
  theoretically it is , but polls show they wo n't get enough seats to form a majority , and ciudadanos will not align with minor nationalist parties . 
  irrelevant . 
  polling at 0.7 % . 
  they 've been replaced by ciudadanos . 
   this is an outright lie . 
  catsiqueespot explicitly said that they were non-aligned . 
  that means abstention , neutral . 
  you ca n't count them in one side or the other just beacause you want to . 
  you should work on your reading comprehension . 
  i said 1 ) catsiqueespot was * not * unionist , and 2 ) catsiqueespot did not support independence . 
  do tell me where i lied . 
   this is another lie : there is another independentist party , `` cup '' that allowed them to get the absolute majority of mp which we now hold . 
  i already counted the cup votes in the 47 % , and you know that . 
  the pro-independence parties used the election as a referendum , did n't get 50 % of the votes , then decided to use the number of mps ( but wait , was n't this a referendum ? 
  we 've been through this before and quite frankly , it 's getting boring . 
  the parties that supported independence got 47 % of the votes . 
  the parties that did n't support independence got 53 % of the votes . 
  catsiqespot was * not * a pro-independence party . 
  they 're certainly not unionist , but did not support independence either . 
  as it stands : pro-independence parties touted this election as a referendum since day one , joined in a single list called `` together for yes '' , failed to get a majority of the votes for yes , and then decided they 'd won anyway and went ahead with their plan . 
   after all though , we won the referendum ( since catalunyasiqueespot did n't align either with the independentists or the unionists ) haha :d translated : pro-independence parties got 47 % of the votes , but they 're going to declare they won and go ahead with the secessionist plan anyway . 
  that 's a hilarious way to circumvent legal restrictions . 
  yeah they 're very similar . 
  upyd did n't want to merge , and that spelled its demise . 
  i see . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that this is a whole new situation in spain . 
  two of the four large parties * did not even exist * in the last election . 
  not sure i understand . 
  do you mean the changes here are very pronounced ? 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm going to make a guess : - pp : 27 % - psoe : 22,5 % - podemos : 21 % - ciudadanos : 14 % prediction : psoe+p odemos coalition government , possibly with support or abstention from minor parties . 
  i can see psoe+p odemos not getting enough seats to reach a majority , and not willing to reach agreements with the catalan nationalists . 
  so they might get pedro s\u00e1nchez appointed as prime minister with the votes of psoe+p odemos , votes against of pp and ciudadanos and the abstention of minor regional nationalist parties . 
  you have n't been reading the recent polls then . 
   my money is on a form of psoe/podemos government with some minor parties helping out . 
  i agree . 
  this is the scenario i see coming out of this election . 
  i see and concede your point , but i formulated it like i did because i think it shows my point better . 
  i do n't know what you mean by gallic .
