  do n't tell me germans do n't have necessary tools to stop that . 
  twats . 
  they 're the most relevant part , outside of russia which wo n't even agree on starting a discussion . 
  besides , their former leader , after soaping up the issue for multiple years , is now working for gazprom . 
  convince me they do n't cooperate with russians behind our backs , while crying about lack of eu solidarity from other countries . 
  do you have any source ? 
  exactly . 
  as long a requirements are equivalent for both males and females everything is fine . 
  if a given woman meet certain standards , why prevent her from joining forces ? 
  the thing is , at least in poland , requirements are n't really the same . 
  it 's ( or it was last time i checked ) easier for women to pass physical tests . 
  so personally i would n't be confident in them enough to send them into combat . 
  his core electorate has pretty much the same views . 
  it 's not a violent antisemitism by any means but i 'm pretty sure he believes jews have a lot of influence in banking and financial sectors ( which they use against whoever they like ) . 
  about throwing away post-commies from polish services and government - i think he crossed the line here and there but the whole idea is n't wrong in my opinion . 
  the problem is - it should be done in 1990 , not now . 
  he is a very controversial figure , he has some views i do n't agree with at all ( i believe he 's not a fan of jews and their supposed influence around the world for example . 
  he also believes that smolensk presidential plane crash was n't an accident ) . 
  he has a lot of opponents in leftist or just center-liberal forces and media , cause he 's very conservative and he does everything he can to end careers of people that cooperated with communists in numerous fields . 
  he pretty much destroyed military counter intelligence , because it was full of agents that worked for commie governments . 
  as you imagine , there 's a lot of influencial people that have questionable past ( or family connections ) . 
  they do n't like him and lobby against him . 
  he makes that easy for them with his `` trumpish '' views on mores . 
  hoho , if you think he 's an idiot , you 're dumb . 
  it was handled really bad pr-wise , that 's true . 
  yo , https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cwgcalwwcaa0ixo.jpg, 
  ca n't believe some idiots think they did it without any reason , just because macierewicz is a lunatic  . 
  it never works that way , and macierewicz has never been against nato ( quite the contrary , actually ) . 
  stop overreacting . 
  i do n't get this article . 
  how is poland breaking the solidarity with baltics when mentioned project that does the exact opposite was just finalized ? 
  is he on drugs or what ? 
  well , can not argue with that  . 
  most is probably an understatement even - in every slavic country that makes you middle class . 
  you 're probably about right . 
  if income per one person is low , families can also get rent benefits , so they pay less for their houses , they can also get free food from pck etc. 
  my guess is , most of that 18 % lives in rural areas now without commie-state-owned farms . 
  situation there is still pretty damn shit . 
  i really doubt there are people who live for 120 euro a month . 
  it would be impossible , honestly . 
  i mean , there are people with really low income but if it 's the case , you get social help . 
  i thougt it looks like some weird-ass dick pouring water visible below . 
  we border ukraine mate, 
  how are people still surprised that germans act in their own national interest whenever they can ? 
  everybody does that . 
  have to admit it 's extra funny after all their cries about lack of eu solidarity regarding refugees . 
  i thought it was pretty pointless and dumb honestly , 
  this clip is very meme-positive, 
  the carpet and this glass holder or whatever it 's called were on point . 
  if it was 3 years ago , ukraine would be a favourite against us for sure . 
  i think we 're actually better than we were last time we met and watching you guys play i feel you got worse ( not by much , but still ) . 
  it 's not like we 're gon na win for sure but i think most of the experts will have us as favourites . 
  it will be very competitive game !, 
  cheers , hope you are well and far from war , 
  that was a shitty joke , mate, 
  yep , i agree . 
  you have to balance it out . 
  if it 's straight out propaganda movie it 's just garbage . 
  if it 's more than that - you can find some that were good or at least alright , like braveheart or some wwii movies . 
  you just need some depth . 
  i have to say , knowing this people , they 'll go full retard and make straight up propaganda movie . 
  true . 
  my only problem with that building is that it looks kinda ... dirty ? 
  many of that sort do in my eyes . 
  i assume washing that would be pretty damn expensive . 
  i used to do that with my family with normal , boiled , non-painted eggs during easter breakfast . 
  they look a bit like french version of our law and justice that rustled so many jimmies recently . 
  am i right ? 
  good luck with making them read it . 
  shit joke tbh, 
  my issue is that they had an agenda which they displayed in articles written as reports , not opinion pieces . 
  4 out of 5 we 're talking about were recommended by the rulling coalition and 1 by sld . 
  maybe . 
  does n't change the fact that kaczy\u0144ski was right about po trying to take over cc completely and potentially block pis reforms through it . 
  i can understand why he tried to prevent that but he went way too far . 
  that 's true as well . 
  the whole hysteria in foreign media was started by leftist/centrist journalist sympathizing with po or liberal forces in general . 
  there is some shit going on right now , but some are trying to make pis look like a damn nsdap . 
  according to cc , po broke the law too . 
  it 's just a huge clusterfuck . 
  every country has some poor people that need help . 
  so do we . 
  this title is pretty stupid though , cause it implies that whole poland is starving which is simply ridiculous . 
  i liked the devices and robots . 
  other than that , 4/10 maybe 5/10, 
  are n't the current fees already decided for next years ? 
  can eu change them ? 
  maybe our government plans to push for it with future in mind , so when we have to actually pay , we will pay less . 
  i do n't know . 
  they 're usually painted in some bright colours now , so they look even more ridiculous although not that disgusting as before . 
  lol , nope . 
  that 's actually bad translation . 
  if i remember correctly she called russia poland 's opponent , in geopolitical context , not an enemy . 
  i know the difference is n't that big but it 's pretty substantial , is n't it ? 
  probably like 90 % support that . 
  haha , i 'm not so sure after america allowed evil homosex marriages !, 
  what 's good shortsight is n't always good with handsight . 
  eu helped develope polish infrastructure - that 's for sure , no one can really deny that but it 's one side of a coin . 
  other shows that most relevant companies are now in foreign hands . 
  money that helped to grow that infrastructure is returned to western eu in growing trade and income of foreign companies here .
