  it 's just not possible . 
  is n't this pretty simple to anyone with brain ? 
  i mean , it 's obvious that in 1989 poland was literaly shit-tier and started basically from nothing . 
  while the country is in much , much better shape now - closed the gap significantly - it 's still on the level of the whole postcommunist central europe . 
  this means : although poland ( and other neighbouring countries ) developed a whole lot , it 's still behind the west , cause it was pretty much impossible to achieve `` western '' level of living in such a short period . 
  i 'm quite curious what kind of president he will turn out to be . 
  he said he wants to bring back the ideas of pi\u0142sudski , refering mostly to the intermarium policy . 
  not sure if it 's possible at the moment . 
  soviets were even airing radio communicates in warsaw area , encouraging people to fight , like in paris where allies quickly aided the fresh uprising . 
  stalin wanted warsaw and as much of the home army as possible dead . 
  why ? 
  u ca n't say someone is ugly if you 're ugly as well ? 
  anyways , we 're pretty much at the same level . 
  no one in poland thinks lithuania , slovakia , latvia , estonia etc. 
  and it 's inhabitants are in any way worse than poland or poles . 
  ama_deo is highly exaggerating . 
  iceland , scotland or polish bieszczady . 
  jokes aside , which one was actually first ? 
  i assume austrian flag/emblems evolved as well ? 
  [ probably to this , if at all ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/flaga_rzeczypospolitej_obojga_narodow_ogolna.svg ), 
  joining eurozone would be an economical suicide for us at the moment . 
  we might join it some day , when we are actually ready to do it , tha 's basically what the guy said . 
  you want another greece in the neighbourhood ? 
  hard to say , cause they see them as primitive as well . 
  definitely less though . 
  you know what i meant . 
  honestly , all of that is just because they 're muslim . 
  people here - and from what i 've seen , in our region as a whole - are obsessed with fear of muslims and their culture . 
  if , let 's say , eu told poland to take 20k of immigrants from uk or ireland , i 'm pretty sure there would be close to no complaints . 
  fuck them up , lads . 
  am i blind or are those skyscrapers unusually close to each other ? 
  nice clay . 
  yeah , same here . 
  it 's the same with food and other products in poland and even whole eastern europe i believe . 
  it 's actually ridiculous , i do n't know what we can do about this . 
  welp , at least we 're urine tier and not shit tier . 
  they 're still registered ( at least most/many of them ) at their parents house or something , like they would still be living here . 
  pls give me names of all those russian girls . 
  man , that was so many years ago , i did n't speak to this people myself . 
  but as far as i understand , yes considered themselves more civilised than people from countries east to poland . 
  why ? 
  many historical reasons , polish novels mentality ( aka we 're the greatest in the world ) and their faith . 
  i 'm not a specialist on this matter so i ca n't tell you more about this . 
  cause they considered themselves better ? 
  civilised rome-catholics from big and influential country ? 
  i do n't have an exact answer . 
  everything east from poland always was considered shitty by them in almost every aspect . 
  therefore - they thought they bring proper civilisation there , 
  not really true today . 
  but that 's how people , especially novels , thought about themselves in the past ( by east , they meant eastern slavic countries mostly ) . 
  as one pal above stated - megalomaniacs , 
  funny how we ca n't solve our issues when we are much more similar people than us and germans for example . 
  we 're not only afraid about ourselves but the whole region in general . 
  we do n't want russia to expand any further . 
  if they attack estonia , latvia or lithuania , my guess is we 're going to be the first to help and respond militarily . 
  rip, 
  i only watch the voting . 
  good banter over it in the web . 
  you 're not topping the popularity charts either . 
  almost ? 
  literally no one was . 
  you were stronger ? 
  you were bullying the weaker around you . 
  we did that , then it happened to us , life . 
  cheers, 
  i remember that we had some shitty revenge memes like `` come to germany - your grandparents furniture is already there !, 
  tbf yours are way more successful . 
  even damn polandballs were born on a german site , were n't they ? 
  seriously though , i can see what you mean . 
  i ca n't stand like 90 % of polish internet . 
  raging conservatism , dumb nationalism , radical catholicism just make you wan na fuck off from this country forever . 
  it 's really not that bad irl ( getting worse though . 
  check out the `` keine grenzen '' song we send to eurovision like 13 years ago or something . 
  it 's not really fantastic or anything , just look at the lyrics . 
  a decade went by - there 's actually no fucking chance it would get voted now exactly because of it 's message ) . 
  [ chopin 's nocturne op. 9 no. 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e6b3swbnwg ) i think `` poland '' whenever i hear this ( quite possibly because it was in so many polish movies i saw in my life ) . 
  we get like 3-5 points from ireland and britain . 
  we got 12 from you two times lol , once with `` keine grenzen '' and recently with soft porn . 
  we 're just unlucky . 
  nobody gives us sympathy votes and when we decided to finally troll , they change the voting system so juries are involved ... 
  zapiekanka is probably our only fast food that is not totally foreign . 
  it 's essentially a baguette-pizza . 
  warsaw has it 's good and bad sides . 
  it 's both beautiful and hideous . 
  never been to berlin , so ca n't say much about it . 
  i do n't think any campaign would help , really . 
  we simply need to grow economically and get richer - same goes other countries from our region . 
  this would change the foreign perception eventually . 
  we had quasi democratic , highly unfunctional multicultural state ... that reminds me of something, 
  :d , yeah the commonwealth was a pretty multicultural place . 
  unfortunately when the nationalism arised ( globally , to be completely honest ) this created a lot of tensions between people . 
  yeah , i like a good fucking . 
  let 's invite turkey to the party , i heard they like some serbian ass, 
  i think you replied to the wrong person ( and yes , this guy is bullshitting , the translation is correct ) . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  not entirely at least . 
  large portion of jewish society have n't integrated into polish society at all , especially the ones living in small towns or villages in the eastern part of the country . 
  i 'm not a hating right-winger , that 's just how it was . 
  i honestly think many people are paranoid and feel the whole world around us hate us , so they hate back . 
  there are indeed some poles with jewish connotations that work for liberal or simply leftist media .
