  that 's why right-wingers dislike them and like last elections showed , there 's a lot of right-wingers around here . 
  it 's of course deeper than just that , you could probably write a pretty fucking long book about polish-jewish relationship . 
  same, 
  why not . 
  i really like british culture and sense of humour and i believe many share that sentiment ( book of childhood - potter , favourite show - top gear  . 
  the only rare unpleasant experiences were honestly just regular online slurs towards poles . 
  not worthless , just not mine . 
  i 'd personally have way less trouble raising someone else 's child that was already there when i met the woman . 
  i could n't live with a cheater though and not my kid is honestly not my problem . 
  xd this gov is actually unreal . 
  in case that was n't clear , i was joking , i do n't have anything against him ( although i do n't really like his art at all ) . 
  they should 've tbh , i do n't like his song . 
  we 're going full austria this year , sending a guy that kinda looks and behaves like a woman . 
  they 're actually fucked up . 
  yes , insult your biggest ally when you actively `` beg '' for it 's help at the same time . 
  that 's just absolutely retarded . 
  they 're antagonizing us with everybody , this wo n't end well . 
  i remember hosting a couple of canadians some years ago and the only thing that surprised them about poland was that everything was really clean ( not sure if i agree , though , from my experience other countries are very similar in that regard ) . 
  outside of air , the biggest problem are still people that do n't clean up after their dogs . 
  french for sure . 
  for slavic languages - i kinda liked hearing croatian , but i do n't even know why . 
  yeah , same . 
  always look for british comments in this sort of threads . 
  best banter . 
  probably legia fans . 
  many football fans , including me , dislike volleyball or ski-jumping fans as well , cause they 're as casual and plastic as it can get . 
  our transformation was n't peaceful because we are so fucking smart , intelligent , non-violent people . 
  it was peaceful because commies had knowledge and documents that could ruin political careers of many that took their place . 
  that 's the reality . 
  i mean ... potatoes are great . 
  what can we do . 
  we are . 
  could you show any example ? 
  i 'm afraid we would n't be able to do shit if we get caught off guard . 
  we will help baltics if something happens ( as much as we can , we wo n't suicide ) . 
  the question is , will others ? 
  i know . 
  i got really triggered multiple times seeing people over the internet that said `` we should just give ee to russia , fuck them , we wo n't fight '' . 
  or when corbyn said that expanding nato was a mistake . 
  no it fuckin was n't you nonce . 
  it really shows how different some western countries look at russia . 
  anyway , all i said previously is that defending baltics will be really tough if not simply impossible . 
  enemy can cut it ( moving from belarus ) if we do n't manage to take the kaliningrad oblast quickly . 
  honestly , defending baltics is potentially a really , really tough challenge . 
  wtf, 
  it 's probably not worse . 
  as far as i remember ( it was a pretty heated topic over here ) , caracals were the only offer that met pretty much every requirement . 
  and like yarpen_z says , with sikorsky/lockheed we would have to buy weapons in a separate deal . 
  they certainly need to be updated . 
  as far as i know we 're doing something about it . 
  number-wise probably . 
  but it needs really huge reforms , not even investments to become legit strong . 
  russians would wipe us easily now ( they would have trouble establishing control , partisan movement would be huge but they would definitely win first part of the war ) . 
  it 's good if you are strong yourself . 
  bad if you 're weaker then your neighbours . 
  yeah . 
  to be fair to him , po government became way more vocal about military spending and active in that area after this clown fiesta in ukraine started . 
  before they just went with the flow created by previous govs. 
  should uprisings count though ? 
  that we are not ready yet . 
  no , it is not ridiculous . 
  you 're not supposed to stop following certain discipline because `` your '' teams are bad . 
  if you like the sport , you like the sport , that 's it . 
  part of the `` benefits '' deal ? 
  every at least decently developed country has or will encounter the exact same issue . 
  communities that treat women equally to men and are based around individualism , self-development , making carees etc. 
  that 's the way it is . 
  there 's no good solution , really . 
  i do n't buy this `` too high costs of living argument '' . 
  they 're way lower in poland and people with `` western-like '' salaries are n't exactly making kids at bunnies rate . 
  it 's obviously wrong claim . 
  they 're just economic migrants , many probably pushed by war there but definitely not eligible for gaining a refugee status . 
  saying that - many people that are coming to europe right now are also not authentic refugees ( i know there 's a lot of real too , do n't spit on me ) . 
  i think that 's why some people thought this claim will convince eu we ca n't really take more . 
  not really . 
  we 're not on western eu level but western eu ( mostly germany ) is making sure this whole thing will be our problem too . 
  we 're too poor as well . 
  1 ) they 're too weak . 
  2 ) they have their own traumas , lessons , whatever you wan na call it , too . 
  3 ) empires work different now . 
  i 'm pretty sure if those countries were strong enough , they would n't mind becoming what usa is today geopolitically . 
  your recent past is preventing you from being openly power hungry . 
  i think it 's a fact . 
  but do n't get me wrong , if it did n't - i do n't think you would go full nazi or anything like that . 
  like with empires - establishing control over areas works different now . 
  your post is . 
  it 's logical that post wwii trauma prevents you from going full retard again . 
  not being able to defend your country , does n't mean you 're not worth of owning it ( lost war ! = mismanaged country ) . 
  and yes , certainly , eu and nato are the guarantees of poland 's safety . 
  what i basically meant was - their position was strong in europe way prior to wwi or wwii . 
  back then , they actually were more abusive , manipulatory , self-interested and power-hungry . 
  wwii trauma keeps them in check now . 
  you can believe in fairy tales and some fundamental change - i do n't . 
  i 'd say it 's mostly their still quite recent past that prevents them from being openly power-hungry . 
  well , she pretty much chose only the comments that suited her agenda . 
   implying that germany are not the most important country in eu and our most important neighbour in almost any way . 
  it 's not a fixation . 
  they 're just important . 
  and they were obviously a major topic here before pis came to power , people criticized tusk and civic platform for their unconditional love for merkel and germany . 
  it is and always will be unacceptable here .
