  poland was always a very multi-ethnic state , so we have a lot of mixed figures that were somewhat polish but also not really . 
  he definitely lived in poland , as far as i know he was a loyal citizen but ethnicity wise he was german ( or likely mixed ) . 
  russia is dictating very high prices on us . 
  we pay more than western countries , that 's why we 're working on ways to change it . 
  even if we pay slightly more it 's alright , cause we will be absolutely independent from them . 
  i had such a high hopes for battle of warsaw 1920 and it was so bad ... like , really , everything was wrong . 
  shit story , shit acting , shit cgi , russians portrayed essentially like orks from lotr , just a disaster . 
  it 's a really complicated relationship !, 
  haha , it 's `` because of you '' . 
  do n't even know the lyrics but decided to meme with the title , 
  [ answer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra-om7umsjc ), 
  getting french passport do n't make you french . 
  you ca n't just switch nationality . 
  btw . 
  cheers . 
  talking gets way easier if you get hammered . 
  every money argument is esentially bullshit . 
  it 's all about migrants , whether eastern european or muslim . 
  holy moly . 
  is the rain really that horrible or are floodings partially an effect of cumbersome drainage system ? 
  ( not sure how is it called in english , hopefully it 's understandable ) . 
  british are very good at saying beautiful things but they would do exactly what i said we would - nothing , unless us joins with full scaled operation . 
  what infuriates you here exactly ? 
  i stated a fact . 
  while ukraine , poland and many other countries are defendable , baltics are currently not due to their geography and military capabilities . 
  we would have to station there 200k of soldiers and even that could not be enough . 
  secondly - what i meant was , we would help only if us ( aka nato ) joins us . 
  if we go alone , we 're not guaranteed any help in the case of counters and we will most likely get pounded . 
  i do n't know what you expect . 
  i did n't say that ? 
  i said we can sell them weapons but we wo n't join them in an actual fight . 
  perhaps i was n't clear enough . 
  baltic countries are undefendable anyways . 
  if us joins us , we can go , if not - we wo n't do anything . 
  who will help them ? 
  i mean , really , we can sell them weapons but joining them in fighting russians is pretty much a clear declaration of war . 
  in that case nato wo n't be even obliged to help you if you get pounded , so nobody 's going to suicide . 
  we sent around 4 f16 fighters or something ... 
  our far-right is already mad at francis . 
  telecommunications ( i mean mostly internet ) and prices are also better and way more affordable here but yeah , wages , healthcare and many other important things are way better in britain and generally in the west compared to east . 
  my ass ... 
  they will stay as long as there is work and higher wages for basic jobs than in poland . 
  unless britain really will go full retard with xenophobia . 
  this polish poverty dude seems to be on a mission , judging from history of his comments . 
  how is he not banned ? 
   that 's a lie . 
  what statistics are you looking at ? 
  do you mix a worthless ` gdp ' with wages ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage no , i 'm not mixing anything . 
   yes because pl is two times worse than cz in every area , not just wages . 
  yes , yes . 
  worst country in the world . 
  just angry or retarded ? 
  is that a bit of cultural thing ? 
  i mean , looking at statistics , we , slovakia , czechia , latvia , lithuania have quite similar wages and so on . 
  and yet , migration values are very different for pl and lt in comparison to cz for example . 
  i can understand the constitution point , considering latest news , but the rest ? 
  where 'd you taken that from ? 
  my condolences to every country with salaries matching the expectations of our working class . 
  iceland is not that populous though , so for example : while 20k of migrants in sweden would n't be that visible statistically , 20k in iceland is a fuck ton . 
  but true , our workers are everywhere . 
  we 're spreading like cancer . 
  xd no wonder they dislike you . 
  you did n't understand what i said at all . 
  i meant that generally speaking average pole wants his quality of life improved . 
  he 's tired of having to migrate to germany or uk for decent wage at regular jobs . 
  he does not care if improvent will come through authoritarian government or not . 
  i meant his own migrations to uk or germany to work , not migrations in general . 
  although the general attitude towards muslims is known . 
  possibly . 
  my perception might be wrong , cause my town is quite filled with foreigners for polish standards . 
  true , but vast majority is . 
  i do n't about east of poland but on the west where i live there 's quite a lot of turkish restaurant owners . 
  i have like 3 or 4 families in ~ 15k town . 
  i mean , i know that 's not the western level but i claim that majority indeed have spoken to at least one in their lives , 
  it does help . 
  i was n't my point . 
  my point is that our economy wo n't collapse without it . 
  and yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  average polish guy is tired of migrations , is mad that his standard of living is generally speaking lower than in the west and he does n't care if that will change through democracy or authoritarism . 
  pretty much all of the eu money got spend on infrastructure not social security/welfare and so on . 
  we have to reform taxes for sure and i believe it is going to happen soon . 
  what do you mean `` if other ee countries get their shit together '' ? 
  we 're on the similar level anyway , we 're pretty much the same when it comes to wages etc. 
  i was n't talking about me personally when it comes to lgbt . 
  average polish guy has absolutely no gay friends and he does n't give a shit if they can get married or not . 
  that 's the reality . 
  money to support his children is very important to him though . 
  what communism 2.0 ? 
  they 're pretty much introducing shit that other western european countries have for years already ( promise of progressive taxation , some universal welfare for children ) . 
  are germany , france or sweden communist ? 
  maybe if you considered embracing your host culture for 500 years prior to that war , that would n't be the case . 
  i get your point though , i do n't want to justify antisemitism or any form of xenophobia . 
  saying that , most people did n't help jews not because they hated them so much but because they had troubles surviving themselves and if they were catched , their whole families were pretty much dead . 
  so we have a mix of fear and two separate communities that did n't live well with each other anymore . 
  some of the blame is certainly ours but definitely not all of it . 
  there are jews here , way less than in the past obviously , but there are . 
  tourists are a thing , you know . 
  it obviously was n't . 
  still not sure what could we do in your opinion to save jews if we could n't even save ourselves .
