   churchill was refering to 19-39 period . 
  there was also lithuania land grab and attack on su . 
  then poland blocking attack on germany . 
  as far as i know , you support the annexation of crimea , but you describe the annexations of lands with polish majority in czechoslovakia and lithuania as landgrabs . 
  nice double standards . 
  and what blocking are you talking about ? 
  pilsudski was very interested in `` preventive war '' against germany before his death . 
  sadly , the brits and french were n't . 
   face it , you simply seized the moment to become that hyena . 
  we seized the moment to rebuild the country in it 's old shape nad regain the full independence . 
  only brainwashed russians and people with clear anti-polish bias , which churchill had to some degree , can call that something that only hyenas would do . 
   also r-m pact was not an alliance . 
  it was same thing that poland had with germany - non aggression pact . 
  r-m had spheres of influence which is not a freaking division of land . 
  as future shown , it was exactly that . 
   also su moved in poland after it ceased to exist as a government ( which ran to romania to get imprisoned instead of su or britan ) . 
  also neither poland , britan or france declared war on su , but they did declare it on germany . 
  poland did n't ceased to exist after a couple of decision-makers run to safety . 
  the army was still fighting , the nation was still fighting . 
  that 's just an excuse of a greedy hyena . 
   yes , many things . 
  poland being a major ass ( so much that even your allies bitched about it ) since ww1 up to the moment it got backstabbed by germany . 
  but sure , its inconvenient so lets focus on 39 and how poor victim poland didnt deserve what was happening to it . 
  your so fuckin dumb , it 's not even funny . 
  our allies liked things the old way , so they were n't happy when we tried to rebuild strong and influential country between germany and russia . 
  after all , they stood with us though - at least to some degree . 
  backstabbing by germany ... we had no alliance with them , we rejected their offer of joining the axis that came along with their request of building the exterritorial road from germany to east prussia . 
  ok , if you think poland deserved what happened to it , i 'm simply done with you , have fun swallowing more russian bullshit . 
   my bully mentality ? 
  you sound awfully russian . 
   you mean when even your ally churchill called poland a hyena ? 
  so what ? 
  as i said , annexing part of czechoslovakia was low and awful , but not comparable to russian/soviet crimes in that particular era . 
   and poland invaded su after ww1 . 
  so according to you its justified , right ? 
  the goal of kiev offensive was to a ) forestall potential soviet invasion , our intelligence said was inevitable ; b ) take back historical polish lands stolen by russia years ago ; c ) create independent ukrainian state , that was meant to become a buffer-zone between us and su . 
  so ... yes . 
  because it was more about survival and rebuilding the country , i say the invasion was way more justified than bullying around by soviets and hitler 20 years later . 
  you 're gon na act like you do n't know about fresh-su plans to spread the revolution all over the europe ? 
   and what preceded that r-m pact ? 
  exactly . 
  you know shit . 
  to you its important that you are a poor victim and nothing else . 
  what according to you ? 
  many things preceded that pact . 
  poland , like every country in this world , made it 's mistakes and had it 's faults but not comparable to the sins of russia in xx century . 
  yet the bully mentality prevents you from recognizing and acknowledging your obvious faults . 
  treating those acts as equal is pretty damn fucking stupid , looking at pure scale of things . 
  czechoslovakia took lands with polish majority when we were busy fighting with you after wwi . 
  what we did was pretty low , awful but still small payback . 
  you made plans how to divide the whole region between you and hitler . 
  you mean annexing part of czechoslovakia ? 
  we obviously know we did it , couple of years ago president kaczy\u0144ski officially apologized for that act . 
  tbf , it 's not that bad . 
  i think you 're exaggerating a bit . 
  i 'm not rich by any means , and neither are my friends , and we can afford going to the movies/beers without much troubles . 
  maybe your dad is just cheap :p, 
  i answered him how to deal with those people - just do n't let them in at all . 
  my comment was n't about current polish immigrant policy . 
  hard to disagree tho . 
  all `` new eu '' countries are in pretty much same or very similar condition and it 's hard to blame them ( including us ) for unwillingness to take more refugees . 
  we drink a lot . 
  we do n't let them in at all . 
  pretty much every other slavic language sounds a bit ... childish ( ? ), 
  to me . 
  like soft , puerile version of polish i can not understand . 
  i know , i confirmed your statement . 
  i guess i was n't clear enough . 
  it is in polish . 
  not surprised . 
  the likes of him are part of a non-relevant minority here . 
  honestly , not even 5 % . 
  there 's some sort of a trend in a couple of right/far-right movements which calls for better relations with russia , because it pretty much represents all they want to achieve in poland ( so , strong conservatism , little tolerance for gays and other minorities ) . 
  never heard of him for some reason . 
  seems legit . 
  oh boy , i wish it was . 
  it 's actually often disgustingly far right . 
  just not true . 
  not a fan of russia but they 're definitely not worthless of a country or nation . 
   that has to be a joke ... because ? 
   whatever i dont see it in the numbers but then . . yeah , you see whatever you want to see . 
  ahahaha , you 're so typical , i do n't even . 
   that is not the discussion in that case . 
  dont bring russia . 
  i 'll bring whoever i want and it 's relevant in this case , cause russians are incredibly salty about poland whenever i speak with them . 
   p.s : no other countries receive this amount . 
  you sure no other received this amount per capita ? 
  even if so , you do n't think it was actually fine , cause you or germans never paid any fair reparations ? 
   its always foreigners that try to put poland and russia on the same level . 
  according to economical stats we 're on pretty similar level http://i.imgur.com/trevtil.jpg anyways , we got destroyed to the ground , did n't get any fair reparations or help , just your bullshit rule . 
  think whatever u want , we 'll see what will happen to you when natural resources dry up . 
  as a pole - if i was on their place i would n't be happy with the number of immigrants ( from all over the world , including central/eastern europe ) coming there in the last ~ 10 years . 
  all true . 
  but let 's not forgot about the fact that we 're talking about a country that was completely destroyed and ruined in 1945 . 
  then it was ruled - against the will of it 's inhabitants - by soviet puppets , which pretty much left it economically ruined in 1989 . 
  gettin some western financial aid was n't some sort of `` cheating '' and whenever i speak with russians , they seem to think that aid was exactly this . 
  lol . 
  eu money helped , especially looking at road infrastructure , but you 're overestimating it a whole lot . 
  he did refer to the pi\u0142sudski policy but i do n't think he meant that literally . 
  i mean , he definitely wants to improve relations with every `` intermarium '' country possible but he 's not stupid enough to think he 's gon na create some sort of a commonwealth 2.0 at the moment .
