  no , that 's not why . 
  it 's not about immigration . 
  we took a lot of ukrainians and others . 
  i live in small city in western poland . 
  not a single foreigner lived here 10 years ago . 
  now there are turks , ukrainian , even chinese here , no one acts against them . 
  it 's all about islam and fear . 
  that 's really all . 
  not only here but in all central-eastern europe . 
  oh boy , i ca n't look at the name `` krum '' without thinking of harry potter . 
  xd and you think somebody made up 800k of ukrainians being here just for the lulz ? 
  this stats do not matter in regard to them . 
  they work without work visas . 
  in practice public media were always controlled by the rulling party . 
  every single time some journalists had to go , directors changed or had to listen to `` people above '' . 
  ahahahaha , i 'm sure you were super pissed when michnik `` illegaly '' recorded rywin some years ago . 
  what wikileaks does is also technically illegal - their sources are often simply stealing documents . 
  it does n't mean it 's bad . 
   implying they 're not doing this because pis does n't really fit into their lefty-liberal club . 
  and what happens if u send that kind of report ? 
  was n't he anti-polish too ? 
  i think i heard his name in that context . 
  yeah , i have legit no idea how it works in other countries . 
  i know and read only some of the biggest english-speaking websites . 
  that 's just my guess - it might be true , and if it is that 's probably why , but it might just as well be total bullshit . 
  i think it might be true to some degree . 
  the biggest factor - simple lack of political correctness . 
  we do not embrace that ( excluding tumblr users and other handicapped people ) . 
  science has gone too far, 
  no , because they behave properly and do n't harrass women . 
  nominal gdp is bad for measuring anything related to quality and level of life . 
  we have more people so we could afford building bigger stadiums than slovakia for example , but so what . 
  it needs to be at least 3x times higher than now , so gdp per one person would be close to western-like . 
  at the end of it 's 8-year rule , civic platform got lazy and many people felt like the country became stagnated . 
  the government seemed to be really complacent and people were n't - they do n't want to migrate for better money to the west , they wanted even faster grow , reforms . 
  pis voters now accept passing the bills in a big rush because that 's what they were promised . 
  quick changes . 
  eu can hurt us economically , even harder than russia . 
  let 's not be obnoxious . 
  saying that - if eu would sanction us right now that would be ridiculous . 
  well , at least our banter game is getting stronger . 
  it does n't mean anything really . 
  that really triggers me . 
   that is n't rudeness , it 's honesty one does not exclude the other , really . 
  if you do n't wan na hurt somebody and do n't wan na lie to them , just shut up . 
   lying to people is not a form of politeness . 
  it is when you care about somebody 's feelings and the issue is not dead serious ( and let 's be real , it is n't 99 % of the time ) . 
  the best so far, 
  if that 's true i 'm clearly undereducated . 
  i ca n't see the number you mentioned there though . 
  i think i used too strong of a word to describe what i meant . 
  minorities , including jews , for the most part did n't consider poland `` their '' country . 
  majority of this people lived in some sort of enclaves , a bit like muslims in france or even poles in britain today . 
  they did n't care about the language etc. 
  in this particular era , filled with different variants of nationalism on every side , tensions arose and as a result the whole society was fucked . 
  minorities isolated themselves , certainly with our help , and later on hate was definitely involved ( again - on every side possible ) . 
  i think the term i should 've used there was `` disloyalty '' . 
  as you imagine , i have friends that lived/worked abroad . 
  some even really liberal/leftist ones . 
  every single one i personally know is now against multiculturalism . 
  one became straight up racist against muslims . 
  many poles share similar story or personal experience with western eu . 
  second thing is our history . 
  we were very multicultural state up until 1945 . 
  groups that have n't assimilated legitimately hated us ( we were n't any better , just to clarify ) . 
  jews were notorious for collaboration with communists , ukrainians with nazis . 
  we had like what , 10 million of people worthy minorities ? 
  guess how many of them helped to defend the country or at least tried to assimilate before the war . 
  very few . 
  in our minds , multiculturalism was a failure . 
  we 're not against immigration though . 
  you need to play by our rules , though . 
  same applies to poles abroad . 
  they mostly came this year but not all of them . 
  we always had some governmental or gov + eu programs encouraging ukrainians to start education here ( university level or earlier ) . 
  especially if they have some proovable polish roots . 
  so ukrainians were here for years but not in substantial numbers . 
  this year influx was huge . 
  esencially many ukrainians filled the gap left by part of polish working-class that left to uk , germany , ireland etc. 
  and many young people from there are now in our schools or universities . 
  things change fast here really . 
  i live in small town between pozna\u0144 and german border . 
  10-15 years ago it was pretty much impossible to meet any foreigner . 
  now you can meet turkish people , ukrainians working nearby and even chinese , lol . 
  we 're cancerous in online games . 
  from my experience , we 're probably the worst or tied/sligthly better than russians . 
  but i would n't build my opinion about entire nation on that , cause i would have to hate france and spain , which i like . 
  exactly . 
  some made it out to be an attack on nato , lol . 
  it was badly handled pr wise but what would you do ? 
  there was a nice article about this from majewski on kulisy24 . 
  maybe somebody can provide a solid translation . 
  we 're not speaking about sweets or even car industry . 
  in every country goverments are involved in deals regarding major energy issues . 
  even if they try to hide it . 
  we 're certainly annoyed , because germany accuses us of breaking eu solidarity , while they 're doing it for years . 
  it 's not just propaganda reasons . 
  russians are well known for using their energy resources to pressure others to do what they want . 
  you want to fuck ukraine completely ? 
  put others in potential danger if they act independently not to russian liking ?
