  how were we supposed to stop them if we could n't even stop them from killing us ? 
  i 'm not his supporter at all , i 'm pretty liberal atheist , so i 'm really , real far from voting for him but i got to say , while pis is fucking with constitutional tribunal , people really do not give a single fuck about this . 
  i 'm talking about regular working-to-middle class people . 
  he 's actually the first leader since forever that actually tries to improve lives of the struggling ones . 
  something that left-wing should be doing but is more interested in fighting for lgbt rights . 
  minimum wage is going up , welfare got up for people with children - it actually is significant for many . 
  according to recent polls , pis would win elections again overwhelmingly . 
  and honestly , why would i vote for central-neoliberal parties ? 
  sure , they would n't fuck with the tribunal , but they would make my life worse now . 
  show me a good one . 
  agree with everything you said . 
  yep, 
  i claim that it was , at least for regular people that went to vote in referendum . 
  sure . 
  does it make what i said untrue ? 
  eu had pretty clear joining rules and mechanisms since the very beginning and made promises on it 's own . 
  you know , negotiations were somewhat long and both sides made it 's obligations . 
  it 's not like we forced anything . 
  we knew before we joined that we would get money . 
  i told you already , poland did n't get the most money per capita . 
  it 's just the biggest and most populous in this particular area that takes money from eu so nominal value is quite big . 
  the long-term plan is to return it . 
  it was n't a charity but rather an investition . 
  it will take time though , you expect us to give it all back already ? 
  why are you making this sound like an accusation ? 
  poland is the biggest country of the former eastern block that joined the eu in 2004 . 
  it obviously got the most money , but not the most per 1 inhabitant . 
  why do you think those countries joined eu in the first place . 
  because they were promised money for development . 
  wow , somebody reacted . 
  pleasantly surprised . 
  ... okay . 
  it gives you a certain image of a human being , does n't it . 
  all i 'm saying it 's way more complex about him . 
  so while you 're right i 'm just pointing out it 's not a full story , cause i assume some people would just dissmiss whatever he has to say instantly . 
  they 're too white to trigger the white guilt mode . 
  he is but he is very nuanced about his views . 
  calling him just straight up `` marxist '' or `` communist '' is just not accurate . 
  we know it 's retarded but that 's what many people legit think . 
  even here , in poland . 
  i do n't feel any bigger connection to other slavs than to , let 's say , germans or spaniards . 
  it 's honestly mostly about views on post wwii eastern europe . 
  our perspectives are vastly different . 
  other past beefs do n't really matter anymore . 
  no homo, 
  there 's still no shield in poland , yet there are nukes in kaliningrad for years now . 
  russians are full of shit , you should know that already . 
  they did n't vote on them because of a single issue . 
  it played a part but not as big as some people claim it to be . 
  the main reasons they won are a ) the previous party ruled for 8 years , got complacent , reactive ( acted only when the polls showed it 's absolutely necessary ) and did n't really care about welfare for the poorest ; and b ) welfare they promised and delivered . 
  to be honest , we have shit reputation almost everywhere . 
  sometimes deservedly so , i mean the damn cars in the 90 's did n't steal themselves , but it 's shit to be treated like a subhuman still nowadays . 
  i do n't wan na cry too much about it though , cause we 're sometimes cunts too . 
  we would be in the top of the standings every year for at least a decade if that was the case . 
  we usually got like 4-5 points from britain , ireland and so on . 
  no problem , i understand that you felt offended , i come across guys like him all the time , i dislike them too . 
  i just do n't like when people try to fight racism and xenophobia with racism and xenophobia . 
  it 's tempting , i did that too but i 'm trying to be better than that  . 
  have a nice day , brother . 
  you did n't make a joke , that 's my point  . 
  you were just a retaliating asshole . 
  i do n't know this guy , he might be a total racist cunt , fuck him , i think his joke was shit . 
  the thing is - you climbed down to his level . 
  do n't be a hypocrite . 
  i think it was pretty clear tgat he was making a joke , granted , maybe a shitty one , but still . 
  you were just an ass . 
  we 're all like that , are n't we . 
  the german song was legitimately atrocious . 
  the worst of all there . 
  it 's a fuckin destiny , apparently . 
  hey , at least you 'll do better at euro 2016 . 
  satellite was nice . 
  i think the german one was pretty fucking bad , i agree . 
  even the girl looked absolutely ridiculous , i do n't know what was going on there . 
  i did n't like our song at all but it was still way better than most of shit there . 
  yeah , russia is a wetdream for quite a lot of right-wingers all over europe . 
  they 're quite vocal over the web as well and this is some sort of internet survey , so ... 
  i would n't care if i was romanian honestly . 
  sanders . 
  they treat disabled like that because they ca n't afford any better . 
  we 're not germany . 
  money for refugees will come from eu . 
  so i 'm asking eu , why are they better than me . 
  it is hypocritical , i absolutely agree . 
  on the other hand , i have a problem with accepting and supporting refugees for different reason than pis . 
  i 'm actually disabled , pretty hard , close to hawking level , and i receive around 200 euros of support from the state a month . 
  meanwhile , a perfectly healthy lad from middle east or africa will probably get like 5 times more and he 's not even an eu citizen . 
  why is he entitled to better support than me ? 
  fair enough but honestly it was really , really hard or even close to impossible to grow even more over the last ~ 25 years than we did . 
  so were our governments really that inept ? 
  why ? 
  because of that 123 years when we were erased from the maps and ~ 45 years after the wwii . 
  because churches were the only places where the old poland - that everybody wanted - existed . 
  same ? 
  i really like the italian one . 
  i also love their anthem . 
  bring me some pasta . 
  it really does . 
  i always though it reminds me of something ... 
  we had people in ss divisions ?
