i see this kind of articles on reddit every single day . 
  of course we 're trying to kill reliance on russian energy , but why post topics like this all the time . 
  we all already know what 's going on . 
  top kek, 
  i hear ya . 
  we also have one party with very internet-vocal voters and around 5 % of the actual votes . 
  holy fuck this comments on guardian . 
  is this really how most british people feel right now ? 
  are they solid representation ? 
  i mean - how is poland a warmonger in current situation ? 
  the only way intermarum would work - and i 'm sayin that as a pole obviously - is that it would actually operate in a way similar to european union . 
  if poland would try to dominate everyone , it 'd just collapse like ussr . 
  wat edit : on a serious note : russians almost shat themselves when we decided to build this defensive missile shield with americans . 
  they 've threatened us that they will move their nukes to kaliningrad oblast as an answer . 
  so , what actually happened was : we did n't built that shield in the end and they moved their nukes anyway xd . 
  imagine if we got ours from israel or whatever . 
  they 'd get super angry , like this fat school bully you stole a bag of potato chips from . 
  but they took it already, 
  is he relevant at all ? 
  i mean , we also got some weird fucks like this guy here in poland but mostly they 're just totally irrelevant . 
  do russians give any fucks about him ? 
  til : illuminati = lithuania . 
  fking reptilians so close to our border , man , we 're fucked . 
  will you invest in eastern poland ??????????? 
  what can we say ? 
  that government that agreed to create that secret prisons has no longer any sort of power . 
  if u think polish people were fine with torturing some us prisoners , then you 're wrong . 
  we knew knothing . 
  was n't an iraq invasion a nato thing though ? 
  it was n't usa + poland only , if i remember correctly certain nato procedures were implemented back then . 
  what a surprise . 
  was 10 times shittier . 
  typical russian talk i heard - as a pole - around 10000000000000 times . 
  nothing new , just boring and wrong . 
  i hope we ( poland ) wo n't win . 
  just horrible waste of money . 
  no problem mate . 
  i see your point , i 'm tired of their view as well . 
  regardless of their nationality . 
  oh , that 's my mistake . 
  i obviously did n't read whole conversation properly . 
  and i was n't trying to be offensive , if u felt that way - i 'm sorry , i seriously did n't try to sound like that . 
  i 'm not nationalist either . 
  there 's no point of calling me a moron . 
  so maybe calm down dude and stop being asshole . 
  haha , that 's actually really funny . 
  uk and france signed some serious obligations before ww2 has started . 
  millitary obligations and guess what , they actually did n't do shit . 
  if u think hitler would n't invide france or england if they did n't declare war to germany after it invaded poland - better think again . 
  i 'll try to show you our point of view : 1 . 
  germany becomes pretty offensive and want to annex the free city of danzig . 
  but the offer from germany is actually kinda deeper , they want poland to join anti-comintern pact ( which basically meant they want to become some sort of our allies ) we refuse . 
  france and great britain welcome poland in their alliance . 
  both promise millitary answer to eventual german aggression . 
  germany - which became obviously offensive after our refusal - declares us a war . 
  france and uk , although they also declare war to germany , decide to not do shit . 
  we of course lose - with big help from our russian friends . 
  our soldiers run away in pretty decent numbers and then start to fight for independence of our allies . 
  we may not be the biggest force but it 's not like polish soldiers did n't do anything after 1939 . 
  after war is finished - mighty stalin takes control over helpless poland . 
  so tell me - while i 'm not blaming western allies for our lost , what the hell makes u think we should be grateful for anything ? 
  they equipped and charged us for armies that fought for them . 
  they were helpin mostly themselves . 
  we can be grateful for french and american help after 1st world war beacuse it was big enough to support our independent state . 
  tell , what england , france or usa did for poland that really , i mean really mattered after ww2 has ended . 
  my point is , it really was a weaker , not that unified country . 
  hence , it was pretty vulnerable to `` polonization '' , both political and cultural . 
  remember it was a long process . 
  it was n't like poland dismantled gdl in a week . 
  kazakhstan is bigger than england for example . 
  size is n't everything . 
  russia has bigger territory than china and usa , is it stronger than both  ? 
  not really . 
  i do n't even disagree that much . 
  i do n't think every german had to be punished . 
  but thinking that poland and polish citizens were actually ultimately responsible for that is naive . 
  you really think we could anything about this ? 
  it was soviets that forced that . 
  we were as helpless as you were at that point ( it 's probably true though that polish people were n't that much against it to be honest , after 6 years of humiliation . 
  people really underestimate how racist and xenophobic most of the germans were back then ) . 
  which cities ? 
  towns , villages , maybe , but major cities ? 
  if you 're talkin about time after wwii - you really think poland and its citizens had anything to say about what happened with its borders and inhabitants ? 
  are you really that naive ? 
  edit : and yes , danzig became realistically german at that point . 
  the difference is - poland was strong enough to keep it somewhat `` neutral '' and take vilnius , which was polish , by force . 
  that 's the reality . 
  why ? 
  why does something so low and irrelevent bring joy to you ? 
  is your life really that bad ? 
  check percentages of votes for hitler in that territories , mate . 
  besides , it was hardly `` poland '' that forced anyone to do anything after wwii . 
  blame soviets if you have to . 
  i 'm pretty sure both looks totally normal , like on every other map i 've seen , mate . 
  not really . 
  this might actually happen . 
  if you think hungarians were hostile to them , wait for poland . 
  never claimed pis is our saviour or anything . 
  we will have a new government really soon . 
  this one pretty much knows they 're done , they did n't care much about the opinion of majority of people .
