  9/11 or 21/37 in poland , dank, 
  lol no, 
  fuck off mate , that 's hilarious, 
  do n't know how it works in other countries but i was actually quity surprised how many girls here were willing to date these guys , and we 're not really a muslim-friendly country . 
  hard to tell why it happens , they 're usually quite dominant and/or tough guys , so maybe that 's what some of the women likes in them . 
  `` they were the target of much racism and fascism '' . 
  that 's a clear reference to wwii . 
  calm down and learn reading between lines mate . 
  not everything has to be literal . 
  if u think it 's not a reference to the wwii , you 're either delusional or just fucking stupid . 
  i wonder if they 'll be completely honest with you . 
  our culture is pretty harsh in that matter , you have to really try to sound bad enough to be considered racist . 
  that 's obviously my experience though , i have no stats to back up what i said earlier . 
  one of my friends , complete leftie , even looking like one , very tolerant , just super ` western liberal ' guy told me , he 'd be one hell of a racist if he was born in italy , where he worked , or other rich eu country . 
  many people i met shared that sentiment . 
  they 're not as in yo face with this as i presented . 
  and stop this arguments with eu funds already , it 's not a damn charity . 
  germans and french ( just as an example ) bought a lot here and earned a lot here in return . 
  you really think they just gave money to eastern eu out of the goodness of their hearts , against their national interests ? 
  yeah ... 
  it 's ridiculously bad . 
  i 'm a severely disabled person , one of my parents had to leave work in order to take care of me years ago and the state was giving us like 125 euros a month . 
  now slightly more , i think closer to 200 or 250 . 
  it was hard . 
  that 's also a reason why people are so mad when they even hear about a concept of giving muslims some sort of welfare here . 
  we ca n't even support our own sufficiently . 
  dude , i 'm with brits on this . 
  i would be mad if one million ( or more + other eastern europeans ) of poles flooded my country in such a short period of time . 
  i 'm not against migrations as a concept , but i ca n't symphatize with them being that huge . 
  and you 're right our government is being a bit hypocritical with any bitching on britain . 
  it 's just , you know , politics , they have to defend our migrants or they 'll look like traitors and lose votes . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah , i found the article , edited previous comment . 
  i guess the maybe encountered some troubles with findining job during the crisis and then maybe got lazy on welfare . 
  hard to guess , honestly . 
  i 'd like to know if that changed even a bit now . 
  eu migrants and this wave of muslim migrants are not the same thing . 
  you can pretend they are ( hurr durr we 're all humans !, 
  ) , but they 're not . 
  some stats to support that claim ? 
  i 've only seen the dutch ones and they were confirmative to what maschio said . 
  edit : okay , found this http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/john-drennan/one-in-four-polish-workers-in-country-claiming-dole-26883566.html, 
  it 's actually a subject of a pretty heated discussion around here now , with all this mess . 
  i mean - if we should or we should n't care about what germany and western europe thinks about us in this particular matter . 
  while a couple of years ago we did care , right now most people say - including the leaders of a party that will win the next elections convicingly - we do n't give a shit . 
  what 's even more interesting - the most `` intolerant '' and `` against-refugee '' people are actually young poles , that traveled or worked around europe in the last decade . 
  he pretty much directly compared poles to nazis by mentioning the past events ( he obviously reffered to the wwii ) and saying `` they 're not better to other ethnicities now '' . 
  so fuck him . 
  i 'm not a bigot , i do n't have absolutely anything against his country or nation . 
  not even try to compare boycotting of a damn football game and a couple of manifestations to what you did in the past . 
  fuck off , honestly . 
  this views are shared by the vast majority of people here . 
  lol no , just tired , both sound similar and i apparently mixed them up . 
  unfortunately . 
  it was a mix of this things . 
  there were originally lithuanian novels that got polonized and became culturally and socially polish after a few generations . 
  so you could sorta switch nationality with time . 
  it 's a myth there was no sense of nationality back then at all . 
  there was no modern big nations like today , of course , but novels were the creators and original members of a structure that was the direct progenitor of what would later become what we would call a nation . 
  they considered themselves polish - mostly , there were lithuanians and others as well in the commonwealth - you can find numerous examples of that in literature . 
  that means they became polish , regardless where they were from originally . 
  most of the bad blood on the polish side comes from this - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia i guess most of the bad blood from ukrainians , if any , comes from the times of the commonwealth . 
  we - or our novels i should say - treated them quite badly then . 
  while we share a lot of things , this was never a partner relationship really ( excluding the last 25 years obviously ) . 
  it wo n't be that simple . 
  you 're obviously right . 
  but remember there 's no charity in politics . 
  we received a lot of funds from eu , that 's true , but it was n't some sort of aid per se - it was more of an investment , really , especially ... german . 
  i ca n't even count the number of big polish companies that are now in german hands . 
  our trade with them grew tremendously . 
  i feel like people often forgot that and just consider eastern eu a bunch of ungrateful whiners . 
  it is but i 'm pretty sure any polish leadership is not exactly what countries around us want , for different reasons ( lithuanian are probably the most obvious i guess ) . 
  so i do n't really know how we could make this work honestly . 
  nah , it was n't . 
  still - i 'm pretty sure all eu funds are not even close to what a fair war reparations would be . 
  they really destroyed much . 
  well , that was on point . 
  we wo n't start charity campaigns until we reach the western level of life and wages . 
  when we 're equal you can start to call us egoists . 
  and do n't call for solidarity if you act in your national interests in other cases . 
  they should stop crying about european solidarity then . 
  less muslims . 
  our epic memer strikes again . 
  polsat ( well informed tv , broadcasting the eliminations here ) confirmed . 
  we 'll use our strongest side today . 
  i think lewandowski wants the title of the qualifications top scorer so he will probably play . 
  i 'll edit this as soon as i know for sure . 
  creating some sort of strong common block ( call it intermarium , call it whatever ) is the only viable option for us if we want to have any relevant geopolitical power . 
  that 's the truth . 
  afaik maybe 5 % , possibly less , used them in battles . 
  at the same tame , wings were obviously very `` cool '' and symbolic item , so they often wear them to show off at ceremonies . 
  edit : winged hussars wear them all the time in movies tho , for pretty much the same reason mel gibson and the rest of scots wear kilts in braveheart . 
  that 's just something very emblematic for poland and it 's history . 
  very few , 
  the partitions too . 
  even many leftists here do n't really want any muslim refugees . 
  have we actually received the most per capita ? 
  we took a lot of ukrainian refugees . 
   thats your problem , not mine . 
  i beg to differ mister russophile .
