  let 's be real , it was n't charity . 
  you did n't do anything that was against your interests in longer perspective . 
  that 's perfectly normal and i 'm not bashing you or anything , i 'm just saying it 's not a charity . 
  and when looking at topic like that - remember the context . 
  after 8 years of really deep relations with germany and eu , with level of life not growing fast enough , with russia and migrant crisis around , most of the poles needed a change . 
  while pis may come as a bit nationalistic for westerners , i assure you they wo n't leave eu . 
  actual nationalists have like 2 % of the votes . 
  do n't answer him like he 's talking in the name of poland . 
  taking away eu flags from pm 's speeches backgrounds does n't mean we want to leave it . 
  absolutely , utterly disgusting . 
  every does . 
  but admitting to atheism in some may cost u life . 
  if that 's true it 's actually unbelievable and teacher will for sure get fired . 
  come on , boys . 
  there 's no proof it 's actually real . 
  looks like troll to me , tbh . 
  what experience ? 
  that 's actually bullshit . 
  sure countries were different , there was no modern nations but nobles we 're definitely part of pre-nation-like societies and they organized themselves accordingly . 
  there was a dominant country in the commonwealth and it was the crown of the kingdom of poland . 
  your last sentence is true though , the most powerful oligarchs eventually separated themselves from both parts of the commonwealth and pretty much killed it . 
  [ before the creation of the commonwealth ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/60/poland_and_lithuania_in_1526.png/1024px-poland_and_lithuania_in_1526.png ) [ after the birth of the commonwealth ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/eb/irp1569.jpg/1148px-irp1569.jpg ) this should do the job . 
  just ignore the `` pinky '' territory and look at yellow and red . 
  [ map of the commonwealth at that time ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/rzeczpospolita_dymitriads.png/450px-rzeczpospolita_dymitriads.png ) 2/3 ? 
  do n't wan na be rude to lithuanians , they should be mentioned by op , but the fact we could annex half of the duchy just like that some years prior to that war shows who was the leading force . 
  how about rzeczpospolita , boys, 
  lmao, 
  just thought that fighting about such unimportant thing is pretty pointless . 
  you sound unnecessarily mad at him tbh . 
  who gives a shit , really . 
  it 's not a professional , scientific analysis , just random reddit post . 
  have n't even noticed the `` big 6 '' term before . 
  i agree he should be more specific but is it honestly that big of an issue ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  did the previous such long term predictions turn out to be correct ? 
  seems pretty unlikely . 
  so much can change in 35 years . 
  you seriously did n't know he 's a polish national ? 
  pretty depressing that although we made so much improvements , it 's still not enough to catch-up entirely to western eu . 
  i can undestand that but it 's still pretty disappointing . 
  we 're not saints either though - famous lech pozna\u0144 banner surely did n't help . 
   they 've just elected a party interested in rolling back women 's reproductive rights ? 
  well , let 's hope they 'll be sorta fine , cause otherwise they might get desperate and we do n't want that . 
  proper left-wing party will be voted in next elections , i 'm sure of that . 
  it 's just that every member of the `` old crew '' , especially post-commies are loathed by the nation . 
  particularly religious and many young people legit hate them and want them out of polish politics forever ( they 're basically considered traitors , soviet servants , by many ) . 
  razem looks to be sort of western-like left wing party and they 'll get at least 8 % next time . 
  according to the polls they have n't made it at all . 
  people are overreacting to the absolute extremes . 
  nothing radical is gon na happen . 
  it 's just one day after and gowin already says `` we will see about these promises ''  . 
  really doubt that will happen . 
  pis is conservative but it 's not xenophobic or racist , so i do n't see how you can compare them to nazis . 
  it 's a benefit ? 
  state-given social benefits are leftist idea , even if at the end they serve a rightist cause . 
  if they stick to their promises , they 'll actually push some leftist policies like bigger financial support for families with childrens . 
  the problem is , many analysts say their goals are pretty unrealistic and almost impossible to achieve , cause our economy might simply collapse . 
  other than that - i legit do n't know . 
  i suspect they 'll try to establish poland as a clear leader of some sort of eastern-northern european block ( not judging if it 's realistic or to what degree ) . 
  they 'll definitely oppose any form of german-russian cooperation , like nordstream ii . 
  i 'm pretty sure our relations with russia will hit this century low , maybe even similar to the midwar era . 
  we 'll definitely be less connected with germany now too , since i expect that relationship with usa will be the main focus of the upcoming government . 
  maybe a little . 
  pretty damn hard if you 're not slavic native . 
  not a single left wing party in the parliament ( pis is sorta left when it comes to economy and that 's it ) . 
  mixed opinions obviously . 
  i feel in the long term it will prove to be really harmful for our region as a whole . 
  she 's really not respected by the nation at this point . 
  i have friends voting for multiple parties , including her 's , and honestly nobody respects kopacz . 
  she 's a laughing stock . 
  thank you . 
  can someone explain this meme to me ? 
  aside of religion i guess , which is not really that important these days . 
  still , hard to deny that it 's sort of a common basis of our cultures/laws/habits across the whole europe . 
  we have slightly bigger gdp per capita than russia , are we stronger and more influential ? 
  not really . 
  this particular stat is not relevant in that case . 
  i agree we are roughly equal in general quality of life , wages and gdp per capita , it 's undisputable . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not hostile to you or anything . 
  just looking at pure power , full gdp , military , population - poland is by far the strongest in v4 . 
  that 's undisputable as well . 
  there 's no equality here . 
  there 's no equality anywhere . 
  we 're not equal to germany in terms of overall strenght and you are not equal to us in that matter . 
  is that truth though ? 
  we have no clue what they actually agreed on behind closed doors . 
  anyways , i just heavily dislike this betrayal argument , cause it 's so emotional . 
  having fantastic relations with v4 is cool , but it 's not that beneficial to poland as some people seem to think . 
  we have huge trade going on with germany , we received funds from them and if we 're talking about some deeper alliance , they actually have an army , unlike most of the v4 countries . 
  i just wish people would stop thinking with their hearts instead of brains . 
  i do n't like her too , but your argument was stupid . 
  did n't it occur to you that maybe , just maybe , keeping good relations with germany is actually more beneficial to us than having great `` friendship '' with v4 ? 
  i like hungarians , czechs and slovaks too , but emotions ca n't dictate politics . 
  i do n't get this whole v4 betrayal . 
  it 's not like v4 supported us every time we needed it ( ukraine crisis , coal regulations ? 
  no wonder . 
  it 's still growing though , getting better every year . 
  it 's disgusting cheap wine popular ( back in the days ) amongst rebellious youth , punks and regular alcoholics . 
  fair enough , did n't know that , does n't change my point about his ethnicity . 
  he 's not so clearcut as well .
