lol, 
  did n't have enough coal today , mr. \u015alunzok ? 
  hahah murderous regimes and failed ideologies : - ddddd, 
  people celebrate killing their oppressors . 
  always have , always will . 
  plenty of countries involved in ww2 had resistance movements that carried out violent hits agains nazis and these are all seen with utmost pride today , just as an example since this could apply to pretty much every conflict ever . 
  this one just makes you feel icky because you specifically ca n't handle turks being seen that way , i guess . 
  2/10 , better get ready for mourning trump tomorrow instead of dropping shitty baits, 
  do you get triggered when people celebrate resisting nazi invasion and occupation as well , or do you have a specific thing for turks and the ottoman empire ? 
  nothing offensive or immoral whatsoever in cheering when invaders and occupiers die in violent ways . 
  build a time machine and tell your ancestors not to start this whole empire thing if you ca n't handle the thought of people being happy to see them gone . 
   all these discussions are full of people from `` europoor '' , who feel insulted that someone who has a de facto choice where to live chooses one of the rich ( er ) countries over theirs . 
  you 're misunderstanding the reactions here . 
  i do n't feel `` insulted '' at all ( i doubt anyone does ) because the immigrants do n't want to come here . 
  could n't really be happier about that . 
  what i 'm actually not happy with is how much time , energy , good will was wasted on the `` eastern yuro you have to take refugees because of solidarity or we cut off western funding '' talk while the immigrants do n't want to come here just as much as we do n't want them to come , and we could n't really do anything about that but keep them in locked up concentration camps . 
  the guy even agreed with you and you put him down like that , cold, 
   i 'm afraid i ca n't return the favor of knowing who you are that 's fully intentional . 
  as for the police , yes , it is completely unreasonable to expect that cops will willingly lay down their lives because of failed political decisions that make the danger involved in their job completely disproportional to their equipment , training and resources . 
  no amount of attempted sarcasm in your posts will change that . 
  i have to say , the tendency of leftists to treat cops like disposable meatbags is curious ( especially when they actually shoot some charging axe-armed abdul and you start crying how they should 've called his mom or offered him cookies instead ) but i guess it comes with the political beliefs . 
  hilarious how `` solidarity '' in this context seems to mean `` we get to make bad decisions and then everybody pays for them '', 
  just the right amount, 
   realistically speaking , once you think of all your friends , cousins and ex-neighbors living there , not with the `` neener , neener , i 'll say yes just to prove you wrong '' response . 
  this might just be the defining / u/vernazza post - you ask a question and then try to invalidate replies that do n't fit your views before they even come . 
  you 're quickly rising to be my favorite leftist shitposter on this whole sub , ever since you claimed french police should be happy to go get set on fire in muslim zones in paris because that 's their job , keep it up !, 
   it probably was a bad idea to hang people on trees : it did n't add legitimacy to this movement . 
  that 's funny , seeing as all legitimacy russian communists ever had came from murdering lots of people in many different ways . 
  why are the standards different ? 
  if no one was punished then it effectively was n't illegal ( or are you trying to tell me they spend 14 years hunting for gays and never managed to catch a single one ) , poland had much better things to do right after regaining independence ( like dealing with the soviets ) than designing a new code of law to replace a mostly functional one in order to remove every nonsensical law left there by the occupiers, 
  no , it was n't , since not a single person was ever punished through these inherited laws with the exception of homosexual prostitutes who were treated equally with heterosexual ones anyway . 
  look , i 'm not disagreeing with what you 're saying , but you understand that you 're wasting lots of time on replying to a troll account , right ? 
  i thought behemoth ( the band in question ) was straight up death metal but apparently they 're `` blackened death metal '' which is supposed to be a mix of both . 
  these genre classifications really go wild sometimes . 
  i still do n't see how behemoth is anything like venom or burzum but i 'll accept it, 
  these may be your worst comments yet and that 's quite an achievement . 
  heil national agrarianism !, 
  seeing as they were right and the opinion elsewhere is likely to catch up with that ( if it has n't already ) , i 'd rather still say visionaires, 
  true visionaires, 
  was i supposed to apologize for real ? 
  well sorry for not refugee welcomeing hard enough for your standards , oh enlightened western overlord . 
  more enrichment for you . 
   and those countries are just going to accept our navy ships in their waters ? 
  throw them some scraps and they will . 
  european economic superiority is such that we can make them do what we want at a fraction of the costs of the current mass immigration `` project '', 
  \\  do n't want mass immigration from third world countries \\  radical anti immigration views, 
  i actually went down to check and successfully bought a delicious sterni in one of these just now . 
  maybe they do n't give a shit here ( brandenburg ) ? 
  germany give back rightful west slavic land immediately , everything east of elbe would be a good start :\\ ^ ), 
  even the small places staffed with turks are closed today ? 
  are you writing that as a negative revelation about / r/europe or about muslims ? 
  out of curiosity , would you accept the same sentence if we replaced `` men '' with `` minorities '' in it or does it become haram then ? 
  the authors of this piece of crap are undeniably very far left , their `` credentials '' ( former stasi , holy shit ) were posted above . 
  either way i do n't see how the things you wrote here invalidate anything at all ? 
  they could print it on toilet paper for all i care , the content is still the same, 
  is anything in the summary actually misrepresented or is this your attempt at going `` blah blah ca n't hear you nazis '' ? 
   which quote exactly do i just paste the whole thing here ? 
  if you ca n't see the whole theme of the article to be just that , i ca n't help you . 
   they still kill immigrants , bomb fast foods , beat people up for being black . 
  and are blonde , cheerful and unobtrusive , do n't forget that . 
  i hope your local antifa squads can fuck up all these happy blonde kids before they can do some serious damage !, 
  if you kindly scroll up and press the posted link , you 'll find that it 's just a nice synthesis of the actual article , and unless the authors there pulled the biggest spin of all time or outright faked quotes ( which i assume is not true because one of you would 've called it out by now ) it ca n't be called anything but a guide on hunting for people of the `` wrong '' political orientation . 
   storm in the water glass here i did n't read the actual article ( if you mean the actual leftist publication , not the article linked here ) but i saw enough quotes . 
  you seem to be missing the point , the article is just completely absurd regardless if they meant to include the `` blonde '' part or not . 
  it 's a guide on hunting for people of the `` wrong '' political orientation for fuck 's sake , but then i have you tagged as `` king of leftism '' so i can imagine why you 'd consider it well written . 
  yes , let 's kick hungary out of the eu and bring 10 million muslims in instead , because hungarian culture just does n't work xd, 
  smug leftist greek abandons ship as all the faults of his complete drivel have been exposed !, 
  now who could 've expected that ? 
   countering 3 paragraphs our of 4 in that comment of yours are arguing against something i do n't support and i mentioned that very clearly , if that means `` countering '' in your circles then that explains a lot . 
  you might think that throwing around shit until some of it sticks is a good idea , but you will always end up handling much more shit than me this way . 
   of course i mock the brits for doing `` whatever they want '' aww , look at that . 
  have n't you just said `` we '' ca n't handle disagreement ? 
  and here it turns out your entire position is based on being angry at someone making decisions you disagree with . 
  i understand that being fully controlled by your emotions is pretty much a prerequisite for having your political views , but consider being slightly more coherent in the future . 
  maybe you 'll actually manage to convert someone to your revolutionary ways . 
  do you actually prewrite these responses and then paste them in when you feel they might be slightly applicable ? 
  or did my post , containing a single short paragraph , really manage to trigger you into such a massive revolutionary leftist rage that you managed to miss the part where i mention that i , too , think brexit was a bad decision ? 
  because neither my post nor the original polish guy you mentioned ( in your words ) say that it was a good choice . 
  you 're mocking that guy for thinking that brits `` can do whatever they want '' , that 's it . 
  keep backtracking more and maybe you 'll manage to backtrack yourself to the soviet union , comrade . 
   this species is known for insisting that this time round , they 're totally right about everything . 
  that 's incredibly funny coming from a leftist . 
  how is that wrong ? 
  i think brexit was a pretty damn bad decision but it 's not a decision to be made by me or a random leftist greek . 
  the fact that you find the whole concept of independent countries making independent decisions so negative tells a lot about you . 
   the borders of our neighbours are closed because what the immigrants want is not that relevant ? 
  the ones in calais also do n't want to live in france apparently but look how fun it 's been for the locals and the truck drivers there lately, 
  that 's nonsense that somehow spread itself during the years when shitholes like / r/atheism were in the spotlight on reddit , `` christian dark ages '' is probably the most ridiculed maymay at / r/badhistory . 
  you should post [ the chart ] ( http://pictures.mastermarf.com/blog/2009/090330-dark-ages.jpg ) the next time to really drive your point home, 
  \\  nordicgirl42 \\  a short fap session with hd pron, 
  how did they manage that , since there 's literally an infinite amount of porn sites ? 
  the graph is titled `` negative attitudes towards immigrants of a race or ethnicity different from most natives '' so i guess that would take ukrainians out of the equation here ? 
  i 'd like to think that the conclusion from this is just that all the other `` fascist xenophobes '' in poland base their rejection of mass immigration on the cultures and attitudes of immigrants instead of their race ( just like me :d ! ), 
  thanks for the contribution , / r/polska, 
  care about what ? 
  the 11 non-white people killed in the uk during the last 26 years ? 
  might be true in the balkans , but certainly not for poland . 
  [ actual historical analysis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angus_maddison_statistics_of_the_ten_largest_economies_by_gdp_ ( ppp \\ ) ) shows pretty well what the glorious communist experiment did to us ( note the complete disappearance of poland from 1950 ), 
  as soon as they tried , all leftists of the world would let out a single , terrifying scream , and the local police would finally wake up and deal with these awful vigilante xenophobes . 
  the locals are screwed no matter what they do,
