  so i 'll definitely call you in whenever i can :\\ ^ )  do you want nudie pics of me or something ? 
  no thx , i can tell you 're kinda skinnyfat because of your political affiliation and the way you write, 
   being an utter creep lmao if you do n't like this kind of attention , i suggest not being the most active and visible leftie on a large sub . 
  it 's not like i 'm [ the only one to notice ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6sdd6m/italy_refuses_entry_to_migrant_rescue_vessel_left/dlcmgn3/ ) you 're posting dumb things in every mass immigration thread for the last 2 years or so, 
  as i said , you 're the last entertaining one . 
  i 'm sure you have to notice how there 's really no one else . 
  / u/vernazza wo n't be replying to than one lmao . 
  originally it 's uk commies who still supported the soviet union after the whole west saw them rolling tanks into hungary and czechoslovakia , now it loosely just means a far-left hardliner i guess . 
  he definitely gives this vibe , `` warsaw pact mutual defense agreement '' ( lmao ) and such, 
  breaking news , a tankie is a fucking tankie, 
  hans , get the broomstick, 
   wouldnt poland/russia have to return k\u00f6nigsberg , prussian territories and all of these things too ? 
  no , you started a war and lost it, 
   gave, 
  we do get to backtrack on things , enjoy your cultural enrichment, 
   after you had voted in favor of the quota system which was done , completely against the wishes of even their own electorate , by the previous ( supposedly more reasonable than the current pis regime , riiight ? ), 
  pro-eu government right before elections . 
  all this really tells you is that the po gov could n't be trusted for shit , and i completely agree . 
  but in the end i do n't think we have to be respectful when refusing mass muslim immigration , as long as we just refuse it . 
  honestly , if you have to ask , it 's very likely you never had much contact with gypsies, 
  no , seriously , perhaps i lack too many leftist virtues to understand . 
  what did we do wrong while refusing to import muslim immigrants ? 
  i 'm here mostly to observe left wing people , poke them a bit to make them say silly things , it just kinda entertains me . 
  the place stopped being appropriate for actual discussion like in late 2015 . 
  do n't get too offended with the allegory , vernazza can definitely take it . 
  and no , i do n't actually poke animals in a real zoo, 
  i scrolled down to fill up a few pages in res with my comments and ctrl + f 'd `` you ok '' because i sort of recalled typing something like that . 
  and you 're more or less the last memorable leftist of / r/europe , maybe except for / u/doldenberg but he 's not as active as i 'd like - that one greek seems to be gone , all the germans are pretty generic and blend into one . 
  you have my attention because you 're the last animal left in the whole zoo . 
  fear me for i am [ le xxpuppetmasterxx ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1431/63/1431631318504.jpg ), 
   i 'm honestly just having more fun in these threads lately . 
  i 'm pretty sure you even admitted that all this mass immigration posting takes its toll a few months back ( and the tone of your posts only got even worse since ) , so which one is it ? 
   maybe these particular german ones were idiots though , who knows . 
  idiots because they cooperate with local smugglers , or because they got caught doing it ? 
   maybe these particular german ones were idiots though , who knows . 
  idiots because they cooperate with local smugglers , or because they got caught doing it ? 
   i might even need to deviate from my usual habits and make a mid-year donation !, 
  concerned there might be no human traffickers to support by the end of the year ? 
  hard to smuggle people from behind the bars, 
  / u/vernazza , anything in defense of the criminal human trafficking organizations you are known to support ? 
   do you integrate into saudi society ? 
  i mean depending on how rich we 're talking ( and if i get enough privacy to go full kafir at home ) ... 
  science , education and culture are party purposes under a communist regime, 
  and we would 've gotten away with it , too , if not for those meddling gutmenschen !, 
  good for you , really . 
  i guarantee many people do not feel the same way when certain groups under special protection are involved . 
  extremely naive or simply dishonest to compare this situation with usa . 
  usa selects its immigrants , making sure they will be productive . 
  and in many cases they do have to assimilate , not all cultures are equal or capable of coexisting . 
   if they had banned `` islamists '' , `` proponents of sharia '' or `` people who wish halal food to be sold '' it would be condemned by / u/vernazza & co. just the same and you know it, 
   so why do you act as if there is a need to organize such opposition to `` raid '' this sub ? 
  why ca n't this not be organic resistance reflecting societal reality ? 
  he would then have to accept that his far left shitposting is much more of a fringe behavior than being against mass immigration, 
  you have what you have because your previous dominant religion was already domesticated and relatively peaceful , allowing for a nice slide into secularism for many people . 
  do n't take this for granted , there are other religions . 
  the hijab is a feminist symbol you shitlord, 
  lmao, 
  right on brother, 
  yes wow that 's exactly me !, 
  not really , but congratulations on inventing a reality where you can find `` unironic nazi salute type of guys with 88 tattoos '' in random reddit threads about poland . 
  you 're special and your fight is very important . 
   razem have distanced themselves from communism so many times i distinctly remember seeing that main razem fatass in a marx t-shirt, 
  i 'm not calling all left parties communist . 
  sld + friends are obviously not ideologically far left despite being the actual postcommunist party , they 're just wankers . 
  but razem are truly into it , and that 's much worse . 
  lmao , `` we 're not that far left i swear '', 
  you know how [ this ] ( https://i.redd.it/3oh40k51yzaz.jpg ) looks like ? 
  like a bunch of people who spent too much time watching antifa freaks in america and thought that cute little gommunist flag is now ok to carry in poland again . 
  fuck off , you 're not fooling anyone and you 're not getting elected , ever . 
   vote for insufferable starbucks-leftists who openly carry red flags on their marches lmao, 
  yeah fucking reptiles , how dare they not let a guy who 's not welcome in romania into romania ? 
  the final destination of their trip is germany . 
  all the pull factors are in germany . 
  the power to end these pull factors is in german hands . 
  the country whose leader proudly announces there 's no obergrenze is germany . 
  no immigrant risks drowning to be in italy or fucking poland . 
  i mean , sure , you can be disingenuous at this point , pretend this has nothing to do with you , and hope other countries end up closing routes to the point where immigration stops without you making any tough calls , but at least lose the fucking moral high ground . 
  there is no precedent of poland letting germany offload their immigrants . 
  you failed so hard at understanding my post , i wo n't even be trying to explain again - you may just read it again buddy, 
  lmao, 
  this is not about `` 20 thousands of emigrants '' , this is about not setting a precedent . 
  mass immigration is only getting started - while germany will obviously stop taking more sooner or later ( some politician will probably cry on tv when it happens ) , if we do accept the quotas now , we 're stuck taking a % of germany 's immigrants until they finally stop doing this to themselves . 
  pushing and enforcing another quota will come much easier after the first , and then another , and another . 
  good job / u/hipokryzja , against all odds , you managed to inject bitching about poland into this thread, 
   trailblazing pioneer lmao, 
  ayy brudi you got me good here : - ddddddd no , you 're not `` the left '' but you 're a great example of a leftist . 
  this just in , only people concerned by mass 3rd world immigration are idiots or right wing ideologues . 
  jesus , it 's like the left is trying to be the absolute worst at winning hearts and minds, 
  would you say there were no ordinary people alarmed by the influx , or that their concerns were not legitimate ? 
  yes towarzyszu , we all know a negative opinion of agent bolek indicates pis support and other reactionary behaviors, 
  crazy how easy it is for enlightened western progressives to call for your deportation if you do n't have the additional protection that comes with being brown or black, 
  do n't make me retag you , vagina scooper , i still like you for that one and i know you care, 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4 . 
  on a serious note , if you can truly see why having a large amount of pis voters moving to your country would be pretty bad for it , then eventually you should be able to break your multikulti conditioning and understand why having a large amount of muslims moving to your country is also pretty bad . 
  do n't you stop thinking with that little head of yours . 
  i do . 
  you should n't have let them stay . 
  reconsider your fucking immigration policy, 
  unless time travel and not giving citizenship to unintegrated gastarbeiters are an option , perhaps germany should at least learn a fucking lesson here ? 
  cool red flag , razembots .
