  you gon na go far, 
  no mass muslim immigration, 
  [ glad i 'm not the only one who got that impression lol ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ayfcyoi.png ), 
  how many times has this `` cycle '' happened , exactly , and when ? 
  you know damn well that sooner or later this will be routinely performed in germany if you stay on your current course with mass immigration . 
  at some point the percentage of people who want to cut up their daughter 's vaginas will be large enough to go through the entire process without ever giving your authorities a chance to stop it . 
  [ then you 'll simply start finding out most girls in immigrant dominated schools do n't have a clit . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/fgm-in-sweden-school-where-every-single-girl-in-one-class-underwent-procedure-exposed-9552854.html ), 
  pis is not euroskeptic , far from it unless you define euroskepticism as not following every demand of merkel . 
  very unlikely for russia to have much influence on these matters , it 's just his way of saying `` it 's 2017 !, 
  there 's no way anyone disagrees with my progressive opinions unless they 're a russian troll ! '' . 
  back when ukraine vs. russia was a hotter topic and i used to post in / r/russia , i had legitimate putinbots telling me daily how they wish to see me die in nuclear fire ( they were a fun bunch ) , but / u/helloyesthisisduck has a massive persecution complex like most of our current opposition . 
  careful there . 
  at one point i got a bunch of / r/polska dwellers to downvote and send their usual set of lame insults because i suggested the numbers given by kod organizers might be closer to the actual attendance of a certain kod march than the ( ridiculously inflated ) numbers given by wyborcza and then quoted by the guardian . 
  left wing publications are the sole authority on estimating crowd sizes . 
  this just in , if you do n't have a great relationship with your ex wife , you must be a small hands le cheeto drumpf narcissist xdddd, 
  everyone but razem supporters is a propaganda fake news bot , right you guys : = ddddd ??? 
  i do n't know why the cover page of that paper says `` oiioiioiioiioiioii '' but it 's acceptable onomatopoeia for `` pathetic whining '' in polish, 
  i mean , yeah , this is not optimal but if faced with that choice , i will pick a corrupt judge who was not appointed by communists over a corrupt judge appointed by communists, 
  communist propaganda , not meant to persuade or convince , but to humiliate . 
  \\  outspoken leftist \\  accomplishment lmao, 
  - you are accusing one of the most outspoken leftists on the whole subreddit of racism - i 'm actually with the insufferable hungarian on this one , my gf 's parents are very westernized and they still go straight for chinese no matter what , and i 've been told that 's just the norm, 
  \\  we do n't need to do it but we should punish poland and hungary with immigrants anyway as a matter of principle . 
  it 's like you want to be the twisted caricature the far-right paints you as, 
  keep them exactly where they want to be and where they wanted to arrive in the first place , in germany . 
  resisting invasion might or might not equal holocaust depending on the `` racial configuration '' of the invaders and the invaded, 
  is that a requirement now ? 
  i dislike nazis , i was n't fucking alive during their invasion either, 
  rooftop koreans prove that organised business owners protecting their property win versus a rioting horde, 
  there 's some very rough beheading videos on liveleak from the last time they really tried . 
  much worse than isis beheading videos for a bunch of reasons, 
  muslims  gays in your diversity hierarchy . 
  got it . 
  how enlightened by your own intelligence are you right now ? 
  but in case you were serious - yes , i actually manage to not believe in god and not be a massive cunt about it . 
  maybe you can do it too one day !, 
  not trying to be rude but i honestly think you are exactly the kind of person that discourages people from the `` atheist '' label . 
  you obviously still care about religion or your lack of it a lot ( which is understandable considering your upbringing and situation ) , and plenty of people can and prefer to just not give a shit . 
  it 's nothing to get upset about tbh, 
  it 's also partially thanks to some of the loudest atheist being massive insufferable edgelords . 
   saying that this practice is totally fucked up is not hate speech . 
  saying that people who do it have a completely twisted sense of morality is not hate speech . 
  saying we should totally oppose the practice is not hate speech . 
   if you criticize culture and practices , you are fine . 
  you say it now . 
  some time ago ( late 2015 ? 
  ) , cultural relativism was explicitly added to the rules and these sentences could 've been banable . 
  if / r/europe 's mod team did n't want to be under a constant suspicion of agenda pushing , perhaps they should 've tried being a bit more subtle when pushing agenda back then . 
  getting pissy because now everyone is aware you are financially supporting human trafficking , are n't we ? 
  saving lives , right . 
  sooner or later your ngos will cut the shit and start picking immigrants straight from the coast , without the `` swim a bit off the shore and sink your raft '' nonsense . 
  the goal here is getting the highest possible amount of immigrants to europe and you know it . 
   maybe they should n't have colonized india and now they would n't have all these hindu and sikh terrorist attacks , but it 's too late . 
  right ? 
  when will you open your eyes and accept that it is one specific religion causing this ? 
  are you implying haroon syed could be anything but 100 % british ?!? 
  stop it , you actually made me feel positively about macron for half a second . 
   report them to the secret police ? 
   war against quality media lmao out of all the possible angles to hit trump this is the one you take, 
   turbo-nationalistic twat what 's up with all the / r/polska users adopting `` twat '' as your insult of choice ? 
  sorry grzegorz but you \u0142ont ever sa\u0142nd like anything else but a pole , no matter how much you like jeremy corbyn . 
  in fact you 're the second / r/polak calling me a `` nationalistic [ ... ] twat '' this week . 
  it really does n't sound nearly as good as you think it does , and dropping insults at first sign of disagreement only devalues them in the long run . 
   wait for trump 's impeachment here 's how bernie can still snatch the nomination !, 
  silly us !, 
  must 've missed the small print where it said empress merkel will dictate our foreign policy if we accept cohesion funds . 
  seeing usa as a more important ally than the self-hating wannabe pacifists on our western border is certainly an act of treason , right ? 
  ca n't wait for the eu army to intervene . 
  i mean , it 's obviously ok not to know this stuff , but that guy went out of his way to show off his lack of knowledge, 
  oh shit , that 's the solution ? 
  i 'm sending orders to stop the bombing of bangladesh right now, 
  in other news angela merkel no longer leader of the free world, 
   all racists are anti immigration blm supporters are pro non-white immigration, 
   also , who the fuck are you to tell our government what to do ? 
  install toilets now, 
   why the uk is so low . 
  [ the uk is a special place ] ( https://twitter.com/mpshackney/status/562993045759856640?lang=en ), 
  i forgot , every place muslims ~ ~ violently conquer and subjugate ~ ~ bless with the touch of their holy feet ( peace be upon them ) is permanent ancestral muslim homeland :\\ ^ ), 
  i 'm pretty sure most of / r/europe was very open about their political position even before today, 
   interesting how you decide to side with i do not . 
  the entire point of my post is that i do n't side with anyone when a bunch of german papers quote fakt , i wait for actual evidence . 
  but then , i do not receive masochistic pleasure from reading bad news about poland , i can see why you would not understand my position . 
  i know / r/polska needs those terrible news , badly . 
  what 's with the weird insults in your posts ? 
  `` nationalistic half-wit twat '' , really ? 
  refer to this post https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6js7xz/german_students_insulted_and_spit_in_the_face/djgur1r/  without even looking for sources lol , the reason for my objection here is that i looked at the sources, 
  and zeit is quoting fakt , a tabloid rag that also reports about mutant snails or about a guy attacked by his sentient kettle . 
  calm your tits for one second and understand that i 'm not denying the story , i 'm just refusing to assume it 's undeniably true or false based on the information presented . 
  knowing poland i actually think it 's more likely to be true than false , but the guy i replied to worded his post as if even thinking about validity of this story for one second was unacceptable . 
  that 's not a logical position to have . 
  they actually have explanations ( in english ) for all the games . 
  regarding gh3 , i was hoping for some big conspiracy theory on how rock music was designed to corrupt good muslim kids , but apparently they just looked really really hard and saw something sort of resembling the arab squiggly for `` allah '' in one pixelated floor texture somewhere . 
  lame, 
  i thought they , in a moment of self-reflection , had serious sam there because it involves ( for reasons unrelated to islam , and the plot is nonsense anyway ) beheading and suicide bombers , but apparently they spotted some random markings on some random decoration in the game , boring . 
  this is my favorite part though :  the history of islamophobia goes back to the conquest of al-andalus at least they openly say what all islam apologists usually just imply - resisting violent muslim invasion is islamophobia . 
  very good . 
  shutting down msf and other criminal human trafficking organisations is a good step towards solving this mess . 
  cheers to that hungarian leftie who posts here and is a proud msf donor , you 're just as guilty as they are, 
   it is necessary to understand them they follow their prophet more closely than most . 
  that 's it .
