  [ this guy ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50mu3n/fertilityday_italys_fertility_day_campaign_to_get/d76hbkc ) already said anything i would , feel free to respond to that one . 
  other than that there is nothing to respond to anymore . 
  you are ( i 'll phrase this in a way you can understand ) an individual , you speak for yourself and otherwise at most you know the general opinions of a few people . 
  you do n't get to tell me what women want because no * individual * does . 
  i asked about your gender because the idea of a greasy neckbeard telling me that he knows for a fact that all women do n't want to get pregnant was hilarious and that 's the vibe i was getting from your posts . 
  do n't worry , it 's only slightly less dumb if you 're not a man :d !, 
  i thought this was about pregnancy inherently taking away women 's autonomy , now it 's about taxes oppressing you ? 
   and thanks though , my english is just fine . 
  a `` single person '' is called an individual . 
  [ `` great change always comes down to the actions of a single person . '' ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/27100.michael_scott ) [ `` we believe this is an act of a single person who has frequented the capitol grounds before , '' ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/reports-shots-fired-capitol-building-article-1.2580227 ) i could go on and on , an individual is also called a `` single person '' because it is a correct expression and people actually capable of understanding english would never misunderstand it with the right context available . 
  at least figuratively have the balls to admit a mistake when you make one, 
  a single person , as in `` one human '' . 
  no worries , i see your english is just as inadequate as your argumentation, 
   women want more freedom and have a career maslo59 answered your `` arguments '' well enough , i 'll just add one small but important question - who the hell do you think you are ? 
  you talk about `` preserving women 's autonomy '' and here you are , a single person , deciding for all women what they want ? 
  no women want to have children because you find pregnancy icky ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  tell me you 're also a guy and it 'll get even better, 
  you do not `` reduce the autonomy '' of any mentally capable person by giving them a completely voluntary option of doing something they would previously not be able to do , even if it happens to be something time consuming or something you find undesirable/unpleasant , my dear antinatalist . 
  i have a suggestion that 's consistent with your logic , should we ban women from going to shopping malls and browsing pants there because that takes an immense amount of their time as well ? 
   much of the dropping birth rates is owed to woman achieving autonomy . 
  that 's not something i 'm willing to give up and it 's not going to be reversed anyway . 
  i 'm not even particularly for this proposition ( or against it as of yet , it 's something that should be considered and discussed ) but your arguments make no sense . 
  women wo n't lose a single bit of their autonomy because of a completely voluntary offer that would simply give them another option . 
  the way you see it , since a positive change in women 's rights was accompanied by a drop in birth rates , then the opposite must be true and a rise in birth rates must also mean a drop in women 's rights ? 
  come on now . 
  just please say you were kidding already , the possibility of someone actually holding opinions this naive is killing me, 
  so majority muslim countries are extremely proficient at convincing women they should be happy with their inferior positions , got it, 
  and refused to participate in the invasion of poland , and allowed thousands of our soldiers and the entire government to escape through hungarian territory . 
  i 'm quite sure there actually were a few skirmishes between hungarians and soviets ( soviets chasing after retreating poles ), 
   sending huge amount of ammunition they actually wanted to send a 30000-man cavalry force but czechoslovakia denied them passage ( and would consider an attempt as a declaration of war ) \\  tfw no border with hungary, 
  i do n't give a shit what you think of me and poland . 
  solidarity would be making decisions together and then working out through their outcomes together . 
  watching germans wave their refugees welcome flags and hearing merkel 's `` keine obergrenze '' bullshit and then having to help fix your mess when the immigrant numbers overwhelm you is not solidarity . 
  until you accept that you need to heavily discourage immigration , set a limit and make it clear that everyone 's going back sooner or later , there can be no talk of refugee quotas . 
  you do n't ask your neighbors to come help with water damage in your house when there 's still a broken pipe flooding it , you fix the pipe first . 
   and i can not remember a polish proposal on the refugee-issue other then `` not my fucking problem '' ... 
  it truly is n't . 
  even genuine syrians brought here straight by plane leave for germany at night . 
  we do n't want these people and they do n't want us . 
  the pull factors are in germany , not in poland . 
  fix it . 
   this is creating an issue out of a good thing . 
  why is this `` creating as issue '' ? 
  it 's not wrong to point out that eu structural funds are basically an investment that 's supposed to benefit both us europoors and western companies . 
  plenty of people act like the funds are charity and come with an obligation to help solve problems caused by germans . 
  i 'd definitely rather hear that over another moron who thinks cutting off structural funds is a credible and morally justified threat when poland does n't want to take germany 's precious refugees . 
   ... and you wonder why the sane residents of your country are leaving en masse smh . 
  because of higher wages ? 
  very intolerant of you to go after his country like that , captain sweden . 
  extremely problematic, 
   most importantly immigration [ ... ] . 
  that should change no it fucking should n't . 
  germany taking way too many immigrants and then terrorizing everyone into accepting migrant quotas was n't enough , now you want merkel to control immigration on federal level ? 
  and neither are you , as evident by the way you acted in this thread . 
  plenty of accounts older than 6 days here and yet your response to people who do n't think the crusades were some massive crime of evil euros against poor innocent muslims is to dig through post histories and bring up fucking kingdom of heaven . 
  exaggerated moral outrage and shit flinging , all you can do . 
  no amount of ad hominem and fake outrage will change the fact that the crusades were irrelevant and forgotten to the muslim world until their rediscovery by the muslim brotherhood for political purposes, 
   i feel the statement was in a big part cultural , referring to global cities did you just basically agree that terror attacks are caused by multiculturalism ? 
  now that 's something i never expected to see from / u/vernazza . 
  you 're getting better . 
  shocking ? 
  get over it , the crusades were a minuscule event surrounded by a 1000 years of muslim attempts to invade europe . 
  no one in the islamic world cared about the kaffirs briefly fighting back until the crusades were rediscovered as a useful tool to produce white guilt, 
  fighting against the spread of islam is completely reasonable . 
  more like over 4 hours now . 
  as long as the muslim population in your country is growing , it 's only a matter of time until attacks are a regular thing . 
  you know why . 
  it 's because a certain group makes up a bigger % of their population than in other european countries, 
  well i 'm sure western europe is already celebrating the coming enrichment, 
  it 's sad that at this point i ca n't be sure if this is trolling or not :(, 
  he 's a fascist because he is not a fan of mass immigration , duh, 
  a german trying to sound like an american leftist is truly a sorry sight . 
  that attempted sarcasm and perverse need to mention trump in absolutely every context is n't making them any friends and it wo n't be different for you . 
  master troller 2017 right here :\\ ^ ) le pen will lose no matter how hard you try to discredit the opposing faction , no worries mon ami, 
  silly how you 're all over this thread telling everyone how low eastern europe eu parliament vote turnout is a disgrace and at the same time telling everyone how eastern europe is inferior and irrelevant . 
  no clue why eastern europeans would feel demotivated about these elections if that 's the attitude of their western `` friends '' :\\ ^ ) you post about this so much in such a completely repulsive manner that i 'm going to assume you 're an eurosceptic troll posing as an insufferable frenchman in order to make the eu ever so slightly less likeable . 
  10/10 false flag , i 'd take the bait if i cared about the eu parliament, 
  this thread is seriously amazing if you 're into watching stereotypically whiny frenchmen getting triggered by the fact that no one else obsesses about irrelevant eu elections nearly as much . 
  keep going mon ami, 
  korwin is a weirdo libertarian with his personal brand of libertarianism turned into a slightly bigger joke than it usually is but i 'm glad you found a reason to whine about polish right wingers anyway . 
  how do they fail to integrate hard enough to run off and join isis but at the same manage to integrate the very essence of being french ? 
  i do n't know . 
  seems like something almost impossible to properly measure scientifically , what do you do , sent large amounts of women wearing different clothes to a bad area and see how many get raped ? 
  anyway , why ask ? 
  in a perfect world , no one ever should get raped for any reason , that 's true . 
  it also is n't sexist to notice our world is far from perfect and if you do certain things , they can seriously increases the chance of bad things happening to you . 
  what if this guy liked to walk on clearly marked minefields or jump off buildings instead of sailing to terrorists hotspots ? 
  would it be wrong to see his death as the direct outcome of his own actions ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the fact that he managed to get himself kidnapped twice makes it much worse . 
  he did something extremely stupid once , it cost his country half a million , and made a violent group of criminals half a million richer . 
  at this point his stupidity is forgivable , but his decision to show no remorse and continue getting himself in danger in the same manner is absolutely not . 
  he even managed to get captured by a worse group , at least somali pirates are n't islamists . 
  he does n't give a shit about his life , fine , but what about others ? 
  think of all the evil this group could 've done with they money if they really got the ransom . 
  think of me what you will , but i do n't care for this man at all . 
  his death , as opposed to his ransom being paid yet again , is a better outcome for everyone involved except for him and the islamists, 
  they vacated the land voluntarily by migrating out of it :\\ ^ ), 
  i 'd definitely go for the dish on the left , the sausage looks nice and food that looks like it was just puked out is usually delicious,
