  he 's right . 
  regardless of your personal delusions , you served for the right of people to do whatever the fuck they want , not for their right to elect hillary clinton, 
  according to that logic , the jews should never mention the holocaust again , same with armenians and their genocide , and so on ? 
  they are n't victims anymore after all, 
  i 'm not advocating replacing turkey with israel but the arab world has been permanently pissed off for some 1400 years now , hardly an argument, 
  yes , we really always are going to be the victims of your aggression in 1939 . 
  i do n't think you 're rewriting that one anytime soon, 
  that 's right !, 
  if we 're transferring territory lost or gained in wars according to the `` that time in history where my country was the biggest also happened to be the most just time '' principle , then [ ancestral slav lands ^ tm ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/slavic_tribes_in_the_7th_to_9th_century.jpg ) end at the river \u0141aba ( mistakenly called elbe from time to time ) . 
  i await their prompt transfer to poland , closest descendant of the rightful owners :\\ ^ ) for justice !, 
   and that asian woman who came to warsaw is one day gon na get her small asian ass kicked pretty hard by some of our pure catholic patriots this is / r/polska level of delusion . 
  wishing for bad things to happen just so you can whine a bit more about conservatives and the ruling party . 
  every other shitty small town has a business ran by asians these days and there 's never any trouble , but yeah , i 'm sure warsaw will be dominated by asian-hunting deathsquads soon enough . 
  a lynch mob, 
  you do know that there 's a lot of muslims in india , right ? 
  edit : but then , you just started telling a guy with a bulgarian flair something about hungary so clearly the general knowledge is just not there, 
  out of all the pics of women in iran to make this point you pick the one where she 's being questioned by religious police ? 
  and no , he 's not being ridiculous . 
  iran goes as far as to arrest instagram users for not being covered up in their pics , if people going through your private website hunting for proof of you not wearing a rag over your head does n't take away your dignity , i do n't know what could, 
  yes you will most likely cause less damage to the glorious leftist cause if you gobble at people instead of sharing your opinions with them, 
  you 're being so damn obnoxious and present your opinions in such a repulsive way all over this thread that at this point i 'm gon na assume you 're a right winger pretending to be a leftist caricature . 
  if i 'm right , good job . 
  if you 're not , you should probably rethink the way you communicate with people, 
  sharing more sensible opinions , i see, 
  that guy was n't affiliated with the lebanese government , but there are other governments that really force their own citizens and foreigners to cover up and we should take a good look at our relations with those, 
   respect lebanese customs ? 
  lebanon was a majority christian country not so long ago before mass muslim immigration and civil war ( oops , who 'd have thought that could happen ) . 
  forcing women to wear shit on their heads against their will is not a `` lebanese custom '' . 
  also , a muslim woman would not be expected or required to take of her hijab when meeting a french archbishop , neither by french or christian customs, 
   trying to find common grounds is deemed as weak submitting to unjust laws most certainly is weak and inferior . 
  a country has a barbaric law that requires people , including foreign diplomats , to cover up in rags against their will ? 
  this country also needs us much more than we need them ? 
   poverty , discrimination and social isolation their wonderful culture did n't make it to the list ? 
  how delusional, 
   then again i like the choice of words `` nationalistic central-leftist '' - is that political correctness for national socialists ? 
  hahah , you dropped the nazi accusation already , on a whim because a party you probably just found out about represents some ideas you do n't like . 
  only that picture with hitler surfing on a rainbow comes to mind . 
  \\  in favor of looser borders \\  i think i qualify as `` sensible '' obviously not . 
   i do think a person , who , whenever he thinks of a refugee , migrant , sees it as a burden or an attack on one 's culture is morally defunct . 
  luckily your judgement of morality does n't mean shit , mr. swede, 
   if you 're fleeing for legitimate reasons , you have a right to asylum , wether you 're no . 
  hi i am fleeing for legitimate reasons, 
  truth is , if your constitution states that you must take unlimited amounts of third world immigrants if they feel like being refugees today , your constitution has to go . 
  how is what you just wrote connected with my post, 
  not being a cultural relativist is `` colonialist '' now ? 
  i take it back , the practice of female genital mutilation is wonderful , we just judged it with our racist western standards . 
   some aspects are superior . 
  all of them are . 
  they have nothing , nothing whatsoever to offer us . 
  i did n't think there were cultural relativists in poland, 
  that 's curious , i distinctly remember trying to pick my baggage up from keleti one evening just as the peaceful immigrants were rather aggressively trying to break inside through the main entrance and were blocked by the police , but perhaps it was just my racist mind playing tricks on me, 
  it has nothing to do with race and everything with european culture being objectively the superior one here, 
  iran is not an arabic country . 
  surely you should at least be able to recognize that you 're too ignorant to even comment on this topic ? 
   you 're confusing migrants and refugees . 
  i know exactly what i 'm saying . 
  no , you 'll find that very often it 's actually the immigrants being confused about their refugee status , and yes , poland would be made to take immigrants pretending to be refugees , thus poland would be made to take immigrants . 
   however , should they choose to take immigrants , discriminating on the basis of religion , especially as a first criteria , is , at best , completely counter the the enlightenment ideals of a functioning democracy and at worse , just ugly old racism . 
  that 's just nonsensical . 
  religions can be analysed and easily graded on a scale of least to most desirable to have in your country , and islam is clearly at the very fucking bottom here . 
  nothing wrong with using that as a criterion, 
  would you say people are being xenophobic , racist , islamophobic , bigoted nazis ? 
  or what 's the word of the month now ? 
  you have to understand that pretending to be morally outraged at people with different political opinions has been abused so hard that no one fucking cares about your condemnation, 
  oh , you meant toronto . 
  you sounded confused enough to personally call yourself `` 10 % muslim '' . 
  not sure why either would be relevant anyway . 
   if you did n't want to have to deal with north africans , then maybe you should n't have stuck your nose and.bullets in north africa . 
  that 's definitely not the reasoning here , seeing as my country did n't participate in colonization of north africa and yet the demands to have us hosting immigrants ( and outrage after we refuse ) are constant . 
   how many muslims are there in poland ? 
  a perfectly appropriate amount  what is the difference between `` refugee '' and `` immigrant '' ? 
  seems that it 's the political motivations of the person currently speaking  why is germany of all countries firmly in the hand of non-populist parties , even though they had `` mass rapes '' and took more than 1 million evil muslims in ? 
  clearly the germans are n't quite there yet , or perhaps their rather unique history makes them cautious of voting for parties that seem too extreme ? 
  afd is still more relevant than die linke could ever be ( after they rebranded from sed ) , so at least the right wing seems to be winning in the extremist corner :\\ ^ ), 
   maybe he can nudge the commission to invoke article 7 and strip us of voting right and/or structural funds p-punish me harder , eu senpai !, 
  once again the razem ( i assume ) crew fails to understand that the average persons sees such calls for foreign intervention as literal treason , which takes priority on their shit list over anything pis might be doing to the constitutional court . 
  you 're not helping, 
  yes and it 's going to be very illustrative of the political spectrum of europe ( the actual continent , not the subreddit ) if politicians do n't get their shit together on muslim immigration, 
   10 % muslim in fact what the fuck is that even supposed to mean , you do n't eat pork 10 % of the time ? 
  muslim is not a race and will never be . 
   you say that with a wink wini like it 's supposed to mean something . 
  first thing that floored me when i moved to europe how openly , balls-to-the-walls racist everyone was . 
  it takes two to hace an ' `` integration problem '' . 
  your mistake is assuming that everyone has to follow the same melting pot approach you know from north america . 
   imagine if there 'd exist a radically atheist country in the world to which you 'd move to as a pole . 
  naturally you would n't want to and could n't possibly whitewash yourself of all the religious aspects of polish culture this may be the dumbest thing i read this year so far, 
   enrich our communities had me baited until this point . 
  spread wide for enrichment insertion !, 
  edit : forget it , let 's just stop being angry, 
  the article you found is pretty good , it actually disproves the 6 cent figure as well if you read deeper :  furthermore , the aauw 's 6.6 cents includes some large legitimate wage differences masked by over-broad occupational categories . 
  for example , its researchers count `` social science '' as one college major and report that , among such majors , women earned only 83 percent of what men earned . 
  that may sound unfair ... until you consider that `` social science '' includes both economics and sociology majors . 
   the aauw study classifies jobs as diverse as librarian , lawyer , professional athlete , and `` media occupations '' under a single rubric -- `` other white collar . '' says furchtgott-roth : `` so , the aauw report compares the pay of male lawyers with that of female librarians ; of male athletes with that of female communications assistants . 
  that 's not a comparison between people who do the same work . '' with more realistic categories and definitions , the remaining 6.6 gap would certainly narrow to just a few cents at most . 
   however , with the gap approaching a few cents , there is not a lot of room for discrimination . 
  and as economists frequently remind us , if it were really true that an employer could get away with paying jill less than jack for the same work , clever entrepreneurs would fire all their male employees , replace them with females , and enjoy a huge market advantage . 
  and sorry , i have an aversion to providing sources for people on reddit ever since some guy had me looking for an obscure source and then downvoted and never replied :\\ ^ ) apparently making people look for their own sources works too, 
  you do n't understand . 
  the lack of a wage gap is an objective , observable truth - all it takes is an equally qualified man and an equally qualified woman who apply for the same position . 
  asking me to prove that it is a myth is as ridiculous as asking me to prove unicorns do n't exist - you are the one making a statement that goes against logic and observable facts , you are the one who needs to prove it .
