   excuse me for not believing every random thing being said on the internet . 
  well that 's silly of you since you believe in the wage gap, 
  you want sources on what , exactly ? 
  the fact that a man and a woman will be given the same pay if they work the same job with the same qualifications ? 
  that is completely self evident , it 's up to you to prove that it is not the case . 
  as for your previous post , it 's not `` one nutjob '' , it 's one of the main organisers . 
  the idea of the march was twisted to the point where anti-abortion groups were denied participation except for council on american islamic relations . 
  wonder why they got a free pass on that , hmm ? 
  one of the organisers of the march heavily supports sharia law ( supports as in wants it established in the usa ) , that tells me more about the march than their website could . 
  and about the women that got tricked into going there . 
  that 's very debatable if these are the only two options available, 
  i 'd respect the author 's idea if he stayed with the more outrageous pictures , so `` jumping on dead jews '' , the yoga ones and a few others , but with some of them ( like the last one ) it seems shahak shapira just does n't want people to go there at all . 
  it 's just two girls taking a pic, 
  femen ( the group the lady in picture belongs or belonged to ) was funded by soros shekels until they got dropped after expanding to israel , so chances are there was some money motivating her ( could 've just been ideology though ), 
   even if ussr had tried whatever they could how about fucking leaving and taking their abomination of an ideology with them ? 
  it clearly does work seeing as badly his party is going to loose, 
  we 're supposed to change the name of our city because foreigners tend to ignore the diacritic marks ? 
  do you also point out how the pronunciation makes no sense every single time you see anything in french ? 
  you sure that this is polish people being crybabies , instead of someone pushing the `` haha poor poland invaded by everyone haha cavalry charging tanks with lances '' meme ? 
  the author of the map does n't appear to be polish , and the map is n't that accurate or uses a very loose definition of `` invading '' ( france , italy , ukraine have n't really invaded poland by any meaningful definition ) . 
  not to mention that you could probably make a similar looking map for most european countries since there 's just been a ton of wars here, 
  and unless the tunisian murderer was robbed on some other occassion , he does n't know that feeling either . 
  but keep reinventing the coke theft as some huge violent heist if that makes your political views more justifiable in your head, 
  it 's actually pretty easy to make some picks if you do n't mind offending someone :  middle easterners lebanon , turkey  africans former british colonies  asians singapore , hong kong , taiwan, 
  it 's specifically the business of the murderer being demolished and i ca n't say i have any strong feelings against it, 
  and then they ate his corpse and crucified his 10 kids , all while screaming `` sieg heil '' , right ? 
  wonder what motivation your friends had to tell you this bullshit . 
  something political , or were they testing the limits of your gullibility ? 
  dude , his approval rating is like 15 %, 
  good thing it 's still all feels in theogr-land, 
  the problem is that immigrants can take themselves hostage if they come by sea . 
  if you block your land border , you get [ videos of idiots fighting things ] ( https://youtu.be/_qz1kglsswi?t=3 ) and journalists digging through the masses of angry men at your border to find enough women and children for a few sad pictures . 
  if they come by sea , you 're taking them in or they 're actually drowning , and once you take them in there 's no easy way to get rid of them . 
  of course there still are solutions to that ( bribing some north african shithole to host australia-style camps is my best bet , takes the weight off greece , is still humanitarian , economic migrants would fuck off sooner or later ) but these do need much more initiative and effort . 
   i do n't expect to get much here , as i 'm more than certain that the people with positive or semi positive opinions about communism will keep to themselves at risk of being torn apart by the anti-communists of their country who have personal anecdotes about how their uncle/sister/grandpa was held hostage for x amount of years because they talked favourably about their pre-communist country . 
  why even make this post ? 
  you 've already decided what the outcome will be - poor communism lovers silenced by evil anti-commies who have nothing else but exaggerated anectodes . 
  take your apologism and stick it up there, 
  no , it will not , your failed ideology is doomed to forever be nothing more but a memory of terrible times, 
  just me , or does the averaged out turkish girl actually seems pretty close to how they often look in reality ? 
  ca n't really say it for any other ones on the map, 
  and i 'm sure that is caused by the crime of monoculturalism , not by your fucking grandpa bombing the country to the ground and the following 45 years under a failed socialist ideology . 
  i 'm sure all the immigrants would be dying to come to your ex-ddr shithole as well if it did n't happen to get all this money from the west , right :\\ ^ ) ? 
  oh , so it 's this nonsense again . 
  sorry , but we do n't need to experience the multicultural wonders of ghettos , terror attacks , `` sharia for x '' demonstrations , criminal `` youths '' , and so on to understand that having these people immigrate in any significant numbers is a fucking bad idea . 
  we can just look at any place that already took them and think a bit . 
   a country with a muslim population of 0.1 % ... 
  apologies , oh enlightened german overlord , but what muslim percentage is required to remain in your good multicultural graces these days ? 
   declaring war on [ ... ] libya and marroco well i 'm fucking trembling right here, 
   this means the polish guy had to be dead already back then why ? 
  attacker hijacks truck and tells polish guy to not move . 
  at this point the polish guy has no reason to fight back , as he likely thinks it 's a robbery , and the attacker has no reason to kill him because killing in close quarters is hard , possibly loud , and driving with a dead guy inside is harder . 
  you do n't risk your life to protect some truck and load that do n't even belong to you ( and are probably insured ) . 
  the driver had no reason to think it 's not just a robbery until the attack actually began . 
  think of the 9/11 attacks , where the passengers in one of the planes complied with the hijackers , until they found out about previous attacks , then assaulted the pilot 's cabin and brought the plane down prematurely . 
  likely the same situation here, 
   it 's not anecdotal . 
  these are observations by people it 's like you people want your arguments to sound like jokes, 
  nonsense , communism is not something you accidentally start following without understanding what it really is , it 's an openly violent ideology that actively calls to take away people 's rights , with demonstrably terrible results . 
  if someone finds communism appealing , that already tells enough of them as a person to justify plenty of negative feelings . 
  do you think `` blindly '' hating nazis is dodgy as well ? 
  tunisia is a fucking shithole , literally all you have to do is throw some money at them until they suddenly find their humanitarian spirit and start letting ships in, 
  what could possibly be `` neo-nazi '' about these stats and arguments ? 
  what 's with the exaggerated outrage ( ?!??!?!?!? 
  ) , did you confuse this site with your tumblr blog ? 
  people like you are the reason why words like `` nazi '' , `` racist '' `` xenophobe '' have almost no meaning or weight behind them anymore, 
  it 's really as simple as that . 
  i have some conservative views and i guess they are pretty alternative since they 're not motivated by traditional religious crap . 
  apparently that makes me a part of some powerful neonazi organisation now ? 
  they 're butchering pigs , are they supposed to wear their best clothes for that, 
  of course we will be able to stop it , it will just take some measures that we did n't want and did n't have to use so far . 
  and if there really are tens or hundreds of millions coming , europeans are going to forget their sensibilities and put some extremely anti-immigration people in power really quick . 
  this is the ultimate outcome of the recent anti-capitalism circlejerk , obnoxious people trying to make a difference by complaining about capitalism online in every possible situation, 
  russia is the legal successor of ussr and glorifies their soviet past daily, 
  where did that second paragraph come from ? 
  funny to see you question his morality and then drop some antifa-like rant about rooting out things you disagree with, 
   better to teach french and spanish , as more people speak those languages everyone would just be learning chinese if population was the main criterion for choosing a secondary language . 
  clearly there have to be other factors involved ... 
  hush or i 'll send my totally real `` islamophobic brigades '' after you :\\ ^ ), 
   i have no idea what do you want from me . 
  i was simply curious about your dramatic suspicions of `` brigading '' , but at this point you 're no longer providing any information or amusement , so i have no idea either . 
  consider yourself dismissed, 
   it is entirely possible that a group of users is only ever interested in such threads on this sub . 
  so it really is `` existence of people who do not agree with me '' , wow . 
  no one is obligated to participate in the `` picture of snow in country x '' or `` how to say x in every language '' threads , just like no one is obligated to participate in the ones about immigration . 
  good job , you found a way to feel opressed by the fact that people have varied interests !, 
   occasionally brigades threads is your definition of brigading something like `` existence of people who do not agree with me '' , or ? 
  because brigading generally ( [ going by this definition ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/36xhxc/what_is_brigading_and_how_do_you_do_it/cri3qu9/ ) ) refers to down/upvoting that happens as a result of linking posts or comments to other subs ( i.e. 
  an anti-trump post gets linked to / the_donald and is downvoted to invisibility ) and i 'm quite certain that 's not happening here, 
  well , seeing as the russian empire/ussr were objectively evil as fuck and the eu is n't , i do n't see this comparison working, 
   diversity and an open society western europe is much less about that than you imagine, 
  you ca n't seriously be using something that came out of hideo kojima 's mind as an actual example of how japanese popculture is like , right ? 
  by every reasonable definition , the * targeted * mass killing/deportation of polish people during the polish operation were a genocide . 
  i went over this at length with the insufferable russian `` historian '' , and even his dumb ass ( for a while ) admitted it was a genocide according to the un 's definition . 
  i wish that holier-than-thou russian guy who constantly claimed to be a historian and wrote overly long posts ( with 10 sentences of fluff and insults toward poland for one relevant statement ) the was still active here . 
  saying there was no such thing as genocide of polish people in the soviet union was his main thing . 
  anyone remember him ? 
  a bunch of very obviously gypsy looking dudes turned out to be gypsies , time to abandon thread :\\ ^ ), 
   follows me around in every thread do n't flatter yourself , that 's not the case - i visit / r/europe every few days , enter a few interesting threads , and if the thread happens to be about certain hot social topics , it 's likely you 're already there , saying some dumb shit . 
  you 're not that interesting ...  trying to get my attention ... but it does get a bit more fun when ngo traffickers come up , i mean , i would n't even know where to find anyone else who is this proud and open about donating towards crime .
