  i already speak like 3 if somewhat shitty but communicative german counts , what now ? 
  you 're gon na miss out on some hot single moroccan/algerian habibis in your area with that attitude, 
  yes but it can mostly be used for interacting with french people, 
   one-language speaking folk m8 i 'll become a polyglot before i even think about learning french, 
  you know he 's talking about our lack of diversity and mass immigration, 
   islam is just as incompatible with lgbt as christianity is always this absolute nonsense . 
  is there some sort of leftist guideline that dictates you absolutely must go `` christianity also just as bad !! '', 
  whenever you dare to say something negative about islam ? 
  christianity is based on a book that describes the life of a preachy hippie . 
  islam is based on a brutal warlord describing ultimate , final and unchangeable message of god . 
  they 're not fucking comparable, 
  doctors and engineers is such a 2015 argument mate . 
  i thought at this point lefties moved on to openly demanding europeans take mass immigration as punishment for historic crimes ? 
  well we better take some fucking moroccans to fix that, 
  refer to [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6grmh3/eu_exec_to_open_probes_into_poland_hungary_czech/ditf8wd/ ) because it 's the same nonsense the other guy wrote . 
  but yes i really am very racist against the muslim race, 
  and the hungarians were refugees in the 50s !!!!!, 
  look , someone using a similar argument to someone else is not exactly a big fucking deal , it happens all the time . 
  the pvv could 've been right or wrong about polish immigrants ( i 'd say they were wrong , someone will certainly disagree , i do n't give a shit ) and it has no bearing whatsoever on the current issue . 
  it 's just not how it works . 
  otherwise we would have to intentionally destroy the earth because the nazis were very progressive on environmental issues for their time . 
   i mean the book about the failed revolutionary who got crucified is n't much better it is vastly better in every way and i say that as someone who as an atheist kid had to stay undercover in a heavily catholic country . 
  there 's bad , there 's worse and then there 's islam . 
  you should try reading them and how they originated before you declare all religious books equally bad , really . 
   am not sure if you are trolling no  or are actually trying to have a real discussion also no . 
  gave up trying to have real discussions on this site a long time ago , i mostly write here whenever bored lol  cause what you wrote made little sense to me . 
  was simply establishing how much of a cultural relativist your are . 
  apparently you 're not fine with bride burning so you 're still not giving your 100 % . 
  after that , i thought the fact that wearing a fucking opression rag on your head is not a positive practice would be self evident but apparently german brains got fucked pretty damn hard, 
  pretending cultures revolving around literally unchangeable 1400 years old religious book written by a brutal warlord are somehow positive or valuable is not a virtue . 
  do you support bride burning ? 
  it is a cultural custom and allegedly many victims were quite enthusiastic about participating in it . 
  i assume you do not practice such extreme form of cultural relativism and do not support bride burning as cultural practice we ca n't judge . 
  therefore you already accept that cultures are not equal and some practices are worse than others . 
  from that we could easily reason how being coerced into hiding under a headscarf is worse than not being coerced in hiding under a headscarf ( even if it 's not nearly as bad as bride burning ), 
   lifeboats in the middle of the sea why drift your lifeboat to the middle of the sea if you can have doctors without borders and other ngos pick you up right off the coast of tunisia ? 
  western european countries certainly will , and if not they will scream human rights abuse , and they will actually have a point - their countries wo n't be declared safe for a very long time , and you will be deporting teenage kids who never stepped outside of germany . 
  the obvious solution is to just not let them in and support offshore camps if you genuinely care about refugees, 
  yeah i hear morocco and bangladesh are war-torn wastelands this time of year, 
  you think the migrants come to greece and italy to stay in greece or italy ? 
  `` wir schaffen das '' is still the pull factor here regardless if these particular migrants made it to germany yet . 
  you simply can not have quotas as long as there is no limit on immigrants coming to germany . 
  with african population blowing up , the supply of immigrants is endless . 
  if germany never stops taking them and we 're supposed to take `` our share '' of people who are trying to make it to germany , that basically means germany dictates open borders policy in our country . 
   a 20-something year old muslim woman wearing the hijab because ~ ~ she wants to ~ ~ from the day she was born she was brainwashed into thinking she wants to yay diversity !, 
  he 's a fucking tankie and thinks my country should n't be in nato and therefore i do n't deserve to live free of russian occupation . 
  does it sound to you like i wan na live in fucking russia ? 
  most certainly should 've left you to have fun with your new `` declining '' overlords, 
  i 'm convinced, 
  he unironically thinks the warsaw pact was a `` mutual defence strategy '' . 
  it 's nothing new that tankies exist , but that they can apparently lead the second biggest political party in a civilized country ? 
  that 's special, 
  oh , it 's this absolute piece of shit again, 
   i guess this comes from not seeing all muslims as terrorists [ bruh ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uudoshlhlw4 ), 
  not too classy but most points are n't wrong , are they ? 
  throw his opinions on russia and nato expansion into the mix and the picture shows him exactly where he belongs, 
  you ok ? 
  the quality of your leftist shitposting in the last month or so declined a lot , you used to be somewhat coherent at least, 
   just ask them around and they will tell you . 
  will they really tell the whole truth , as in `` i find leftist morals and values absolutely degenerate and unacceptable but will support them for the time being until leftist protection is no longer necessary '' ? 
  of course not , there is always some layer of misdirection , cute misrepresented koran quotes , islamophobia accusations , bullshit anecdotes about a good muslim , all to make you think they 're truly liberal . 
  they 're not and they wo n't need leftists to pamper them forever . 
   hell , even the exmuslim forum would be laughting about this idea that they are using taqiyya . 
  i 've seen exmuslims writing about muslims in the west and their political behavior ( temporarily siding with the left wing despite their personal views being a complete opposite of left , because the left allows them to thrive ) , and while i do n't think they named taqiyya directly , they definitely suggested it 's conscious and premeditated . 
  overused word or not , it does n't seem completely wrong . 
  why would you support him ? 
  his views on nato and russia are absolutely despicable, 
  oh yeah they even wrote `` wrong and inappropriate '' instead of `` inappropriate and wrong '' , fucking pis is the worst man . 
  was a slow day at gazeta.pl i guess ? 
   i realize the barely 20 crowd typically populating most internet forums treats the refugee crisis and the recent terror attacks as the most significant historical events they 've lived through and actually paid attention to , but you 're just seeing what you 're wanting to see . 
  baader-meinhof phenomenon , confirmation bias , false consensus effect and whatnot . 
  that 's why you 're here in almost every immigration or terrorism related thread since the crisis started , because these events are just that unimportant , right ? 
  duh , it 's 2017 , we do n't look at populations but at diversity percentages to tell how big a city is, 
  kaczy\u0144ski is personally killing baby deers in the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest with his bare hands right now, 
   `` our '' government thinks that war is peace , freedom is slavery / r/polska user of a severe level detected, 
  8am and / r/polska is hard at work trying to prove poland was always dogshit, 
   made possible only by willing natives exploiting them . 
  it 's made possible by willing `` natives '' called semir or mohammed ( looking forward to the first leftist to call me a nazi for implying those are n't 110 % european natives ) who are a generation or two ahead on the whole immigration thing , not by natives . 
   90-95 % of our economic growth is funded by cohesion funds i heard it 's actually 9001 %, 
  oh right , we should be taking real refugees from morocco and bangladesh , not these ukro gastarbeiters lol, 
   communism , which thanks to us propaganda in the middle-east is hated communism is rightfully hated because it 's a complete failure, 
  dumpstered, 
  christianity can be quite shit but islam is on a different level and if you stopped pretending islam is what you think a religion should be and instead see what it really is , you would agree . 
  claiming that europe was already diverse and cultural prior to mass third world immigration is textbook racism ? 
  diversity is the lack of whites . 
  if you ignore afrikaners and some expats here and there , africa is close to 100 % diverse . 
   and the more we treat muslims as that small number the more they will become like that small number . 
  oh yes , this argument again , `` muslims are wonderful and peaceful but make sure to be really nice to them if you do n't wan na get blown up lol '' . 
  that is not normal or acceptable . 
  your own words confirm we need to stop muslim immigration immediately, 
  actually it 's their shit religion, 
  if russians capture some land it permanently becomes their rightful ancestral homeland , do n't you know ? 
  you think the difference between discriminating on white europoors and discriminating on blacks/muslims is comparable to the difference between baking cookies and baking jews ? 
  sorry but i 'm not responsible for this delusion , i 'm just advising you for your safety that you should n't try telling real muslims ( if you find any in romania ) how sharia is `` extremist '' or you gon na get fucking glassed, 
  if you 're going to be an apologist of such a severe level , at least try to get your apologism in line with what the actual muslims say when they try to defend their cult . 
  not a single one will suggest that sharia is `` extremist '' or that it is n't the perfect , unchangeable god given law , they 'll claim there are different interpretations and strongly suggest that their sharia interpretation is n't nearly as fucked up as the others ( it most likely still is but they 'll suggest it 's not and hope you do n't ask for too many details ) . 
  it is still absolutely the core idea of islam . 
  get with the program , right now you 're saying things that would make you extremely unpopular with the very people you 're trying to defend . 
  blasphemer . 
   sharia is an extremist interpretation of islam who the fuck told you that mate,
