just like the good ole ussr, 
  worldnews is a silly place . 
   you just have to trust me on this one . 
  does that ever work ? 
  that 's like fox news 101 . 
  `` fog in channel ; continent cut off '' . 
   it 's not about grabbing land so why are they grabbing all that land ? 
  i 've been trying to get mine to shoot lasers but so far no luck . 
  thanks . 
  it would be vincent browne would n't it ? 
  probably the only thing i 'd bother watching apart from gaa . 
  is there any penalty for contravening it , from the article it seemed like just a public apology from the station ? 
  agreed that it 's reprehensible but it seems to be pretty toothless . 
  i tried reading it , it 's painful . 
  i do n't see how it would cover a ` panel ' show . 
  asking ` experts ' for their opinions would n't be the same as presenting those opinions as fact . 
  it seems like a typical badly drafted piece of legislation that would n't have any effect if it were tried in court . 
  has it ever been used ? 
  i do n't live in ireland any more so i 've no idea if rte has actually gotten worse , which would be hard to believe . 
  does n't seem as bad as hungary though . 
  you ca n't have opinion pieces in hungary ? 
  is this just tv or all media ? 
  he 's a bit of a clown to be honest but i think he means well , he does try to represent his constituents , and he 's not as thick as his name would suggest . 
  that puts him above the bar for the majority of irish eu candidates . 
  at least he 's independant . 
  this is true . 
  it 's laudable that they would react in such a way but the cynic ( me ! ), 
  will write it off as a sensible pr move because well yes , you get expelled when you mess up publicly . 
  however i think it speaks volumes that most expulsions seem to be for reasons that paint the party as too far right . 
  it smacks of them trying to keep a lid on it . 
  if it was just a run of the mill sex scandal/bribe/embezzlement nobody would think twice . 
  they have developed a reputation and they will need to be very determined and skillful to change it . 
  i 'm too cynical to judge any politician or party by their policies or rhetoric . 
  it 's much more fun , and probably inciteful , to judge them by their gaffes . 
  and their gaffes are doozies : * referring to africa as bongo bongo land * farage ( as a teen ) taking midnight strolls through a quiet english village singing hitler youth songs . 
  * chris pain referring to illegal immigrants as `` sandal-wearing , bomb-making , camel-riding , goat fucking , ragheads '' . 
  * alex wood [ totally not making a nazi salute . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/8tjqvyk ) * geoffrey clarke is in favour of forced abortions for foetuses with downs or spina bifida they 're what you would make up if you were asked to invent a party run by alan b'stard, 
  as an outsider looking at ukip they come across as very right wing but are keeping a lid on their baser urges for fear of committing political suicide . 
  ming the merciless is doing pretty well in ireland . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
   midlands-northwest polls show independent roscommon td luke ` ming ' flanagan looks set to win a seat with 20 % ,, 
  they want less of your lip . 
  melody is a strong word . 
  they do !, 
  but they have fantastic wifi . 
  it 's from the fast show, 
  [ scorchio !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/ctaszjeadk0 ), 
  he listens to one person , out of what must be mill . . dozens . 
  i 'm sort of glad that ireland is so anti-nuclear because i would n't trust our government to run a piss-up in a brewery let alone plan for a nuclear plant . 
  but yeah , it 's clearly the most efficient option at the moment . 
  do you know if it 's just madrid or in other cities too ? 
  i pride myself on my ability to get the hell away from physical confrontation . 
  and i 'm a big lad . 
  the last couple of times she was with either her mom or a buddy . 
  they speak catalan amongst themselves . 
  it was n't like she went up to a madrid dweller and presumed they 'd understand if she spoke catalan to them . 
  here in barcelona there are far more spanish only speakers than there would be in her home town . 
  it 's usually not an issue . 
  occasionally there 's some weirdo who will take offence if catalan is spoken in their presence . 
  that 's what i was alluding to . 
  most of our spanish speaking friends have no problem but some folks love to take offence . 
  my level of irish would probably only exacerbate the situation . 
  `` he said feck my what ? '', 
  dozens !, 
  my ( catalan ) wife has more than once been instructed to speak ` christian ' when visiting madrid with friends . 
  i wish i had been there to witness her verbal beatdown . 
  your apparent knowledge of europe astounds me . 
  it stimulates growth in the healthcare sector . 
  prosthetic limbs are a goldmine . 
  fucker 's younger than i am and i 'm a complete clown . 
   the asbo horner received was for being a general nuisance in public , not for those charges sorry , i thought they were connected . 
  my mistake . 
  the connections i made are clearly flawed . 
  horner admitted inciting murder in court . 
  i 'm unfamiliar with the legal difference between inciting murder and soliciting murder and i 'm prepared to admit that soliciting seems likely to involve more of a conspiracy than inciting would but i still feel that the comparison stands . 
  i 'm not british but i think that the british legal system is far more blind to racial discrimination than most in the western world . 
  [ abu hamza al-masri ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_hamza_al-masri ) would like a word . 
  the conspiracy theorists are going to have a field day, 
  that and the whole homophobic thing . 
  catalans will secede and provide a buffer zone betwixt spain and outer europe . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  when i glanced at the headline i thought it was flag poles or something , because that 's the level of idiocy i 've come to expect from these muppets . 
  it was written in a very different time ( mid 70 's i think ) . 
  most irish folks have no real problem with the british or even just the english . 
  we do enjoy our rivalry in sport and suchlike . 
  this song is n't considered a particularly nationalist song , we have plenty of those though . 
  typical journal.ie headline . 
  it 's a telescope , the rocket is the bit that put it into space . 
  i 'm not catalan but i live there . 
  truth is nobody really knows . 
  i 've come across two strong contenders for an explanation . 
  the first is rooted in the catalan dislike of the catholic church . 
  towns were required to have an official nativity scene and some cheeky bugger sneaked the caganer into the scene as a big fuck you to the local priest . 
  the more believable explanation is that it is a fertility symbol . 
  he 's fertilising the ground so the next years crops will be bountiful . 
  aw hell no . 
  i 'm irish and spent three years in wales . 
  could n't see even a vague similarity .
