i was asking a german fellow about his recent vote it appears the situation is similar there as it is in france and uk , very little anti-eu representation as far as parties go . 
  i also watch belgium parliament every now and then it seems like they have only one rather lonely anti-eu deputee . 
  english , the language , is also kind of a shared accomplishment , even though we 're terrible at it . 
  that last one is 90 % our accomplishment . 
  to answer op , my best diet ever have been my fantastic but frugal 3 weeks in england xd, 
  that 's unfair , i 've met more atheist morons in my life than religious ones , and i 'm an atheist . 
  if i look at a piece of information i want to express as a number like pi , i feel french allows for more decimals than english , and thus i can get much closer to what is on my mind , probably a native language illusion though . 
  in any case languages shape the mind , learning any is worth the hassle , even dead ones , do it people . 
  ctrl-f : pompidou ... ah  edit : since i 'm in canada , here be the '' [ stade olympique ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xtpsudg.jpg ) '' of montreal , quebecers hate it , i find it awesome . 
  the greeks are protesting the very same people that signed this agreement in their names so it would be silly for the more extremist greek protesters to follow rules agreed upon by the very people they want out . 
  in the pyramid of maslow , reading comes way after eating . 
  that explains why obelix slaps first . 
  til captious ... and then an example was provided :  slavery to germany ? 
  you could replace germany with banks , and greece with europe . 
  sure you lose the punchline but it 'd be more accurate . 
  it is already ** extremely ** violent , just not from the people 's side yet . 
  actually we do , example today , we cheer on francois hollande being received like a king in mali by ... 30 or so people , over half of them military . 
  same people , same illusion . 
  that video was crowd lacking . 
  not a sportsman indeed , but he could do [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=tx6c22rbens#t=15s ) so we still like him , 
  this growing trend of hate thrown at muslims by the msm has a smell of ww3 . 
  thank you for your opinion . 
  spelt `` gai '' , and it 's not old and disused , but often confusing precisely because of `` gay '' . 
  ca n't we count machiavelli ? 
  fat definitely trigger satiety , you are only a google search away ... the fat burns during ketosis , directly or not who cares you are just being pedantic ... and the acteone in my mouth after a low carb day comes from ... where ? 
  why would you even comment you seem to know absolutely nothing about the subject ? 
  oily fat entrance ( salad or whatever ) and fat cheese after the main meal . 
  fats trigger satiety and allows for a small main carb/fat meal . 
  on top of the more measured calorie intake , when the late meal is low in carbs , the ketosis metabolism will kick in overnight ( and you wake up with acetone in your mouth ) , it 's very healthy and ... wait for it ... it melts your fat . 
  tl ; dr : embrace the fat, 
  on a 1000 years scale sure . 
  correct , yet still not dangerous in its natural form . 
  we have to enrich [ uranium 238 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uranium-238 ) and make it radioactive :  is the most common isotope of uranium found in nature [ ... ] it is not fissile . 
  people will still be paying for our cheap energy in thousands of years because you ca n't just dump the waste , seal it and call it a day , you have to monitor it continuously and ensure there is never a leak , that will involve recurrent renovations because well ... it 's radioactive , given enough time , it grinds through everything we can ( currently ) build around it . 
  is it the nuclear industry fed ignorance that allows everyone to pass the puck on so mindlessly ? 
  i feel bad for the thousands of years people will have to take care of our radioactive wastes without the cheap energy benefits . 
  my beef with it is more the legacy we leave behind , in thousands of years our kids will still have to deal with it , except without the cheap energy . 
  imo it 's one of the worst externalization we ever came up with to get cheap energy . 
  you do n't see a problem at all with the radioactive wastes ? 
  good point but i also use twitter , and i find the combination of both far superior to any news organization , covering both local and international level , in realtime for one , in-depth for the other . 
  i actually lived the recent `` maple spring '' in mtl , and considering the disgusting propaganda we have been served by the gov at the time through our tiny msm , thank god for reddit and twitter . 
  giving away the counter power of press to capital was a rather funny idea all things considered , especially seeing as i get better news from redditors . 
  i have yet to see a non-excellent movie from guillaume canet ( mon idole , les petits mouchoirs , jeux d'enfants ... ), 
  and libertarians , and ancaps i think . 
  libertarians actually have a decent argument and model to go with it ( still has flaws but at least it 's not corporate profit inspired ) . 
  i 'm sure we can look into both and share egg cakes with beer . 
  so ... trickle down economy ? 
  there is little of a debate to have when it comes to free speech , it 's a binary feature , on or off , either you can express anything or you ca n't . 
  the `` reasonable debate on internet regulation '' is an unreasonable debate on free speech . 
  we can have it if you want , but ultimately we 'll disagree everytime we reach the free speech step and you 'll be on the facist side then , and i do n't think you are facist at all , just that you have a flexible definition of free speech when it is really quite rigid . 
  so yes misunderstanding , i can see the figure in the article haha, 
  i do n't see the financing of the 2t in the article nor can i think of a solution to pull it together , i do see the figure in the article though xd, 
  not really , after reading this text , there is no 2t anywhere . 
  i would assume they can repay the bonds for some time before the ponzi collapses and they resort to printing press , at the bare minimum , we should have a grace period proportional to the length of the shortest bond term . 
  these are assumptions though and we might just be missing some information , even though i ca n't think of any place where they might find 2t . 
  that sounds like a perfect justification for printing press abuses down the line . 
  more fuel for the debt monster , except this time we be all in the same train \\ o /, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsj2rj_fss4 ) is what the french news look like , we do n't know much really . 
  fresco is definitely among the reasons i got started on this . 
  if you are serious , my web platform should be ready in 2 to 3 months and i will be able to host a server for your community easily . 
  personnally i 'll be doorknocking all winter with friends to get my neighbourghs on it , we need 10k votes to win both a national seat or municipal elections , we have a year to prepare for the first elections . 
  i think it 'll tick the other way , we 'll phase out politicians . 
  judging by the comments , successful europe wide troll . 
  yep , and they 're getting better at internet propaganda . 
  that 's right , i 'm just saying centralization is as flawed as decentralization . 
  the thing is the day that central authority goes against the your interests ( as an individual or nation ) , then it 's suddenly less of an obvious answer . 
  prime minister just corrected his minister saying the will of the government was mixed energy . 
  could be appeasing bullshit , and still , long gone are the days of pleasing the greens . 
  indeed , but what exactly would you be proud of about your country ? 
  i ca n't think of anything myself . 
  being glad you are born in the uk is not patriotism either , being proud of it is , and it 's retarded , since you had no say or do in the matter , 
  that explains why i was asked about minitel this morning ... in montreal . 
  hmm that 's still good enough , colour me amazed . 
  i 'm just not sure i 'm reading this correctly and ctrl-f ` ing that wiki page for pirate did not deliver ... so just to be sure , an actual danish king actually became an actual pirate ? 
  to be fair , i tried our electricity once and it is dangerous !, 
  i also disregard whatever it is that comes out of krugman 's mouth , he is a pro-banks/pro-debt/pro-fiat / pro-austerity nutbag . 
  after the banker 's reich , back to fachists reich , this alternance is depressing . 
  you make very good points . 
  i have n't heard about that story , i would n't have played minecraft otherwise , notch trademarked a single english word , you reap what you sow . 
  donations , decentralized structures of individuals , less middle-man , etc. 
  like it used to be for artists before the technological and financial monopoly of some rich dudes allowed them to profit off a few artists and throw all the others in the dark . 
  like now actually , where individual artists or non-signed groups flock by thousands to get the pirate bay 's platform to market their creations . 
  platform could select its candidates , vote them through , and then they can trash democracy and make it an online platform . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what is going to happen anyway , i 'm seeing babies having a blast with ipads these days ... 
  [ great ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=makl3rl_ihc&amp;feature=youtu.be ) idea !, 
  i beg to differ , the culture difference is what protects us from continent wide campaigns only banks can fund ( cf us ) . 
  right now our politicians there are much closer to us , and it should stay that way if not go further that way . 
  i should add , expansive continent wide propaganda campains that only banks can fund are a threat to the healthy fragmentation of our current parliament . 
  absolutely agree , this is a power accretion scheme using the fallacy that conflict arises from differences when really it stems from the lack of communication . 
  they look at history and apply the teachings to the present completely oblivious to our newly acquired worldwide mass instant communication tool , the internet . 
  there is a reason iranians and israelites send each other love messages , the more we know each other , the less we want to fight . 
  thanks for your input , copyright laws are oppression . 
  you forgot smelly . 
  refer to a map when in doubt , it will confirm you are european . 
  sure thing , it says and i quote :  `` we have received a valid report that your account @_nicolassarkozy is engaged in nonparody impersonation . 
  although twitter firmly believes in the freedom of expression , impersonation that misleads , confuses or deceives others is against the twitter rules , '' said the message . .  internet sans fronti\u00e8res said the accounts `` did not violate twitter 's user terms because they were clearly parodies . '', 
  specifically , the organisation said the @_nicolassarkozy account stated it was a parody in its profile . 
  if they are going to justify it on terms and conditions ( that do not apply here ) , then fuck them and sarkozy , this is censorship . 
  read the article . 
  this would be fine if francois hollande 's parody accounts ( as well as others in the race ) suffered the same fate , last i heard this was not the case ...
