  ( you write wasserhahn [ faucet ] , you say pipn ) . 
  i know . 
  my point still stands . 
  nah , i think the us is democratic enough , but i think , the two party system is holding it back . 
  i see it as the reason why the current political climate is as toxic as it is . 
  it all boils down to an `` us versus them '' mentality , where compromise becomes more or less impossible . 
  it makes for good entertainment in sports , but is not the right way for a political system , imho . 
  god , do n't get me started on those . 
  selling the fate of people to the lowest bidder does not sound like something a democratic country should even consider . 
  i guess you 're right , but it looks like if you just stop the killing for some time , people start being ok with it . 
  i do n't know of any serious attempt to bring back death penalty in eu countries . 
  i think i only met one person in my life who was for it , but he also wanted to torture the families of non-violent offenders to death , as long as they were ( insert scapegoat of the week here ) . 
  the legal reform would be really easy , but i understand that it would be a great deal to convince ( some of ) the people that it 's for the best . 
  i always thought the us justice system was not about rehabilitation or even punishment , but about revenge . 
  it really does n't make any sense to me , it does nothing to benefit society . 
  but i guess that a lot of americans agree with me on that . 
  not really . 
  not killing people is n't that hard . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  i wonder how some of those old games would feel if i played them today . 
  ui design , accessibility , usability ... have quite changed since the `` good old days '' . 
  there have n't been many good management games in the last few years . 
  i ca n't imagine why , it seems the few that exist ( cities skylines , game dev tycoon , ... ) do very well . 
  if i had the least bit of programming knowledge , it would be what i was working on . 
  historically : * the gothic games ( which a friend of mine actually worked on ) * the `` planer '' games ( transport management sim ) * ansto\u00df , a series of football manager games * `` das schwarze auge '' games ( based on the dark eye role playing system ) * battle isle ( turn based strategy ) * the settlers ( i think it 's relatively known now ) * a long list of historical economic management games ( patrizier , hanse , ... ) i really do n't know how well they sold internationally , but those were all extremely well recieved games on the german market . 
  nowadays , steam has globalized the video game market to a point where very few games wo n't recieve international attention , so while certain games may be stronger in certain markets , even niche titles will find their audience everywhere . 
  austria benefits from the fact that the german market for movies/games is so big that ( almost ) everything gets dubbed . 
  although , at has been said already , many prefer to watch/play in english if they are proficient enough . 
  as for games not leaving the german speaking market : there 's a load of simulators that rely on local interest . 
  until a few years ago , point & click adventures were way bigger here than elsewhere , but interest in those resurged since then . 
  the edna & harvey or deponia games by daedalic are a good example . 
  as for austrian game developers : there a few ( you may know ori & the blind forest , or game dev tycoon ) but i do n't think any who cater more or less exclusivly to the local market . 
  nah , it 's more like the white jock who thinks he can fight ( insert monster of the day ) alone . 
  the uk is the guy who , in a horror movie , leaves the group , because he has a better plan ... 
  i would be all for it , if done in stages over a long time and with a solid plan behind it . 
  ok , something super easy - holzknechtnockerl ( lumberjack dumplings ) : take some flour , add an egg or two , some salt and water . 
  mix until not quite solid but no longer liquid . 
  dump big spoonfuls into boiling water and cook for some minutes . 
  fry some onions , bacon , ... whatever you like . 
  eat . 
  team neutrality for the ~ ~ win ~ ~ draw !, 
  budapest - vienna costs around 40 $ via train , vienna - prague around 60 . 
  if you do n't mind taking longer , there is a bus connection that 's significantly cheaper . 
  austrian train service : www.oebb.at/en westbus page : https://www.westbus.at/en, 
  well , at least you get a sexy accent in english . 
  the best we get is schwarzenegger . 
   which does not mean it 's working . 
  can confirm , tried to talk english when i was in france . 
  luckily , we had a french speaker with us . 
  an austrian perspective : the prohibition of nazi ( and nazi related ) symbolism/speech here is closely tied to the prohibition of the reformation of nazi organizations . 
  understand that after ww2 the nazis did n't magically disappear . 
  in fact , the denazification in austria was rather lenient - tons of people who were involved with the nazis were viewed as essential for the functioning of society ( doctors , teachers , etc. ) . 
  the nazi ideology lives on to this day and it 's not just a handful of nutcases . 
  now , these people 's goal is to actively work against democracy , human rights , freedom . 
  the first step in this would be to change the perception of history . 
  this is where holocaust denial comes in . 
  if you can convince people that the worst crime in history was in fact not that bad or even a total lie , you can start to legitimize the nazis . 
  another thing is the normalization of the ideology . 
  if you could openly display the symbolism , hold the rallies , rehash those talking points , pretty soon nazi-ism seems like a legitimate opinion . 
  the point of the verbotsgesetz is not to silence dissenting opinions , but to keep a real danger to democracy in check . 
   i noticed , i kinda did find it ironic that austria was close to electing a party that is pan-german ... someone who , at least once , said he 'd like to re-unite germany and austria ... which was n't very popular with my austrian friend xd yeah , half the country really is n't proud of that . 
   does it get to the point where trump is the standard ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  even if elected , trump will not be able to deliver on his varied promises . 
  people critiziced obama for being ineffective - what will they say about trump ? 
  also , as far as i know , a good part of the republican party is not to thrilled about him . 
   and perhaps but i think america has always been much further right-wing than most of europe ... so i think here they are more likely to be a one term thing . 
  looking at american politics , it 's gone further and further right as time goes on . 
  i do n't think it is fair to compare european and american politics directly . 
  the usa have to deal with some completely different problems ( mostly home-made , imho ) and a different cultural background . 
  it 's easy to forget that just because we can understand the language , we may lack a certain insight into the - for lack of a better word - collective american psyche . 
  well , i 'm austrian and we have a good chance of electing a far-right president this week . 
  everything you just said applies here , with a bit more nazis mixed in . 
  so i can appreciate the irony in all of this . 
  maybe these factions need to rise up once in a while , just so they can crash and burn , and all we can hope for is that the damage is n't too bad . 
  i think democracy is strong enough to deal with it in the long term . 
  i guess , i 'm one of those people who just want to watch the world burn . 
  the worlds greatest reality show that could potentially destroy human civilization . 
  if you pass through vienna , you might consider the [ nationalpark donau-auen ] ( http://www.donauauen.at/?language=english ) ( danube wetlands ) . 
  it starts right next to the city , so you can reach it easily by public transport . 
  it 's one of the largest remaining ( mostly intact ) wetland areas in central europe and runs along the danube between vienna and bratislava . 
  there are guided tours and boat tours ( you can do a canoo tour for about 50 $ ) available . 
  i think there 's also bike tours betweet vienna-bratislava . 
  ok , some tips for vienna : first off , from 24.-26 . of june , there 's the [ donauinsel-fest ] ( https://2016.donauinselfest.at/ ) . 
  it 's a giant free music festival , about 2 million visitors over three days each year . 
  as for art , there 's the [ kunsthistorisches museum ] ( https://www.khm.at/ ) for classical art or the [ mumok ] ( https://www.mumok.at/ ) for modern art . 
  also , a ton of other museums that might interest you . 
  of course , there 's the typical tourist locations : schlo\u00df sch\u00f6nbrunn and the hofburg ( the two imperial palaces ) , the sch\u00f6nbrunn zoo ( the oldest still operating zoo in the world , voted best european zoo 2012 ) , st. stephans cathedral , the ferris wheel , etc. 
  as for food , you will want to try typical austrian cuisine , i guess . 
  my favourite austrian restaurant is [ amon ] ( http://www.amon.at/ ) . 
  it 's a bit more expensive , but most of them are , i 'm afraid , and it 's worth the price imho . 
  you can also visit the naschmarkt ( a big outdoor market with some great restaurants ) . 
  you can find a typical vienna coffeehouse just about everywhere . 
  the coffee is good everywhere , but some have more history than others - so if you want to say you visited freuds favorite coffee house , you may want to got to the caf\u00e9 central , for example . 
  off the top of my head : * faust - j.w. 
  count yourself lucky . 
  my cat still wanted to cuddle . 
  imagine spending last summer with a fur coat on your legs . 
  most people i know agree that we should not turn refugees away , but wish that the eu would distribute them better . 
  as it is , [ a few countries bear most of the weight ] ( http://www.noz-cdn.de/media/documents/ungleicheverteilung_1442239305.jpeg ) .
