in soviet greece the murdered is arrested ? 
  people will believe anything, 
  we did . 
  people stopped paying . 
  food priority  tax payment priority . 
  same for business : payroll priority  tax payment priority . 
  just because you made a tax law , it does not mean that you will actually collect everything . 
  a state can only employ as much as it can pay for . 
  this is the simple ( and hard unfortunately ) reality . 
  in greece we still prefer to live in the dream of ` magic money ' growing in trees , ready to be distributed to us by the next ( it is always the next which is better ) government . 
  it is easier to fire a bullet and hit the moon , than firing public employees . 
  greek here , i totally understand you :-(, 
  runnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, 
  the government did not resign , read the fucking article . 
  a coalition partner dropped out , but the government retains a majority even without them, 
  the ecb can ` technically ' print euros ( that is its purpose after all ) , but why would the eu countries accept the printing of money to stimulate greece , while knowing that this action devalues their own euros ? 
  you ca n't compare the eu with the us or japan because in eu people have primary allegiance to their country 's interest and then to the eu . 
  german , french , greek , etc interests come first . 
  as an example , the northern us states did not make a fuss when the us state injected money into the bankrupt californian economy . 
  this can not happen in the eu . 
  the eu is not a nation . 
  argentina has proved that 12 years after the default , recovery is not an option . 
   there is life when loans stop completely check google for the % of people living below poverty line for argentina and then think again what you wrote . 
  stimulus : who will give the money ? 
  eu taxpayers ? 
  ( i do n't think so ) currency devaluation : devalue the euro ? 
  lol :-) why would eu countries accept this ? 
  slashing interest rates : this was done leave the euro : depositors see their bank savings evaporate ( see argentina , but worse ) . 
  greece 's trade deficit was at 1/4 ( export 1 unit for each 4 units imported ) . 
  this means that oil , machinery , electronics , trucks , chemicals ( etc , etc ) , i.e. 
  everything greece needs to build infrastructure and increase production to get out of the crisis , is now 4 times as expensive . 
  this makes a come-back even more unlikely . 
  tl ; dr : if you think things are bad while you are still receiving loans , imagine what will happen when loans stop completely . 
  i will take the coffee . 
  milk , no sugar please, 
  we need these reparations in order to pay the persians for alexander the great 's invasion though . 
  bs my friend ( also you edit does not add to the conversation ) 1 . 
  our loans are ( on average ) at < 4 % . 
  try getting a loan on the free market with better terms , and then post the details here . 
  the loans can not be payed back because we have no surplus . 
  we never did have a surplus . 
  even if we ever get one , we will take more than 50 years to pay back . 
  what kind of an ` investment ' has a business plan of 50 years to break-even ? 
  germany ( and the rest of the eu countries lending us ) will loose this money . 
  it is better for them to loose this , than risking a eurozone bank-run , they are not idiots pumping money into the hole that we call greek economy . 
  tl ; dr : just read my fucking post , it is 8 lines long :-), 
  that merkel is hitler ( i will show myself out ), 
  nonsense , printing money will make us all millionaires ( right ? ), 
  \u0ca0 = \u0ca0 this is supposed to be a mustache , do n't kill me :-), 
  as a greek i feel your pain . 
  i am in the minority that understands that it is our fault for being in such a mess at the moment . 
  the majority believes that austerity is a ` choice ' . 
  you can just amend the laws that cut benefits and lowered salaries , and then magically you have money again :-) ignorance is bliss, 
  the cypriot government demanded a loan of the magnitude of cypriot gdp ( about 16-17bn ) and eu said we are only lending you 10bn . 
  the levy if one of the many proposed solutions for the rest of the money , your ` demand ' question does not have ground for an answer, 
  you passed the exam :-), 
  nazis were germans , therefore germans are nazis . 
  logic fail 101, 
  communism is a dictatorship with a socialist economy ( exception china : communist dictatorship with a capitalist economy ), 
  two political parties in greece : syriza and anel have won 40 % of the vote ( combined ) by pure appeal to emotion , us vs them , etc. 
  democracy is an easy victim for these kind of people :-(, 
  have you played red alert ? 
  tl ; dr tsipras is a good politician ( looking after himself ), 
  no it ca n't , here is why : cyprus main export is the country being a tax heaven . 
  if they pull an iceland they will have to shaft foreign customers ( as iceland did ) . 
  this will kill their biggest money maker, 
  blame the greeks then , not the germans, 
  on all the movies i have seen , zee germans are the bad guys . 
  case closed !, 
  :-) you should not be pissed off , because there are no politicians on this earth that accept responsibility . 
  hence a ` bad ' guy is always ` discovered ' and used . 
  insured by who ? 
  a : the state of cyprus . 
  tip : state can not cover insurance for all banks simultaneously . 
  move along :-), 
  greece : is there life after death ? 
  low gravity is weakening your bones too ; you need an extra evil plan, 
  why are you spending time arguing with an idiot my friend ? 
  i agree with your points , but i think it is impossible to persuade him using facts and logic :-(, 
  greek statistics : where numbers meet magic, 
  germans have automated the scratching business and have thus more time to be productive . 
  joking aside , working long hours means nothing ; it 's the products/services that count . 
  i demand to know how if the royal lizards are satisfied with their heating, 
  if the above is true , then it is no wonder why greece is ranked lower than romania : no politicians end up in jail in greece . 
  furthermore , they are protected from prosecution by law . 
  lulz !, 
  25 bn is the direct losses from bank stock held by the greek state which is now reduced to zero ( and of course can not be sold back to the private sector and reduce the debt ) this stock was valued at 16 bn when tsipras won the election . 
  we should form a 4 member committee with both the three of us / division by zero, 
   why specifically is the imf opposed to a deal without debt restructuring ? 
  because ( drum-roll ) imf debt can not be restructured :-) it is against the rules of imf . 
  in essence imf is telling eu to lower their expectations so that imf has a better chance of getting their money . 
  there is more . 
  imf has the specialists that check financial data and report on the reality of the greek economy . 
  tsipras wants none of this . 
  obfuscation ftw !, 
  keep in mind 2 very important things : 1 . 
  imf updated its report ** since we ( greeks ) fucked our economy beyond repair ** with capital controls after the expiration ( due to our inactivity ) of the mou agreement no. 2 2 . 
  imf says about restructuring debt , but imf debt can not be restructured :-) translation : eu restructure your side of the debt, 
  varoufakis was asked to go because his plan failed . 
  he gambled the nation on a bet : that markets will crash and burn when we default on imf , threaten to default on ecb and exit the eu .
