  it seems eu was fine with that , and markets showed that they agree ( euro on the rise ) . 
  after this , he left tsipras naked without any bargaining power . 
  the result is a worse deal than before . 
  never . 
  it is basic human nature to be fooled by conmen like varoufakis . 
  best-of varoufakis : complete bullshit from the biggest political liar ever . 
  this is the guy that told tsipras to hang up the phone on draghi if he refused to extend ela . 
  this is the guy that said that the possibility of ecb pulling the plug on ela is as probable as the sun not rising from the east . 
  this is the guy that said that a referendum should not be done as it will be unfair to put the people against such hard dilemmas . 
  this is the guy that wrote extensively that eu will beg us to lend us if we threat with not paying the imf . 
  this is the guy that said that capital controls are against a monetary union , and then ( 2 hours later ) he signed the order for capital controls . 
  this is the guy that had a great idea of reduced vat for credit card holders , only to be revoked the next day after people pointed him to eu regulations prohibiting 2 vat rates for the same area . 
  this is the guy that wrote extensively on the immense problems of going back to the drachma , and he is now saying that this was his plan all along . 
  we have just defaulted . 
  this means that citizens of 188 countries for imf and 18 for ecb will loose money . 
  do you expect sweet talking ? 
  i just wasted 2 minutes reading a post comparing a yes or no answer to monarchy ( so easy to choose by pointing to only one hair to a throne with mental retardation ) with a mou agreement of the 21st century . 
  your lack of thinking skills is the best argument why you should not be given such a complex question . 
  when the referendum was proposed in 2011 at cannes by the acting prime minister george papandreou , tsipras said : if we go to a referendum our economy will die . 
  we are very close to the complete failure of our state , and it will be our own doing . 
  the guy can not decide at all . 
  he passes the ball to the average greek citizen who must learn in 5 days all economical parameters of such a deal . 
  add to that we ( greeks ) do not know what has been said in 5 months of meetings between eu and greece , but we are asked to decide . 
  government officials from the inner circle of the prime minister , are making the rounds on local media , `` selling '' the bailout deal to viewers . 
  there is an estimated number of 40 parliament members of the ruling party which are expected to vote against the deal , but votes can be covered by the rest of the parties . 
  i expect the troika to send the deal back and ask for some cuts instead of tax raises ( as tax raises are probably impossible to collect , greece is already owed 75 billion euro in uncollected taxes ) . 
  we are most probably looking at bailout deal beta version 0.99 . 
  reality vs greek government : 1 - 0 it is so funny seeing the government politicians that fed the minds of voters with lies about staying in the euro without continuation of the reforms , appear on national tv and try to persuade everyone that they somehow kept their promises . 
  there is maybe only one good thing for greece out of this mess : there is a possibility that voters realise that there are no easy and magic solutions . 
  eu can only help up to a point and the rest is on us . 
  denial is bliss, 
  why hate ? 
  there is so much laughing with the current government , that we are exporting euphoria . 
  if he had ( and he was listening ) , we would n't be in a frozen economical landscape during the last 5 months . 
  it was not denied , where did you see this info ? 
  sophistication can not coexist with a capital flight of 40bn in 5 months , and the complete freeze of the economy . 
  there is an old joke about gamal abdel nasser an egyptian president during the egypt - israel war . 
  the joke says that his military tactic was the trick the russians pulled against napoleon and hitler . 
  so he retreated by leaving the israelis to take the sinai peninsula , and he is now waiting for the winter snow ( in egypt ), 
  2nd time we do this mistake . 
  this time we did it on ( probably ) the most difficult point of negotiations . 
  retardation is very kind word to describe the amount of fail related to such an error . 
  it shows lack of checking mechanisms on all levels . 
  mistakes do happen , that 's why you have controls against mistakes on very important matters, 
  this is how greece `` works '' . 
  you talk to some people , who `` know '' some people , who `` talk '' to the big people . 
  tsipras has never worked in his life , and he is a newcomer to international politics and negotiations . 
  if you know his political career , you will understand his `` negotiation tactics '' - he is doing the only thing he knows : blackmail . 
  tsipras became famous by organising state buildings takeovers ( what we call \u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03ac\u03bb\u03b7\u03c8\u03b7 in greek ) . 
  the idea is that you occupy a university or a ministry until your demands are met . 
  you make noise until one of the big guys ( politicians ) comes out of the woods and says `` enough of this shit '' , you meet halfway for your demands , and you call it a day . 
  he thinks that merkel is the big guy , and by making enough noise , she will meet him halfway and tell everyone what to do . 
  he does not understand how eu works , and this is why eurogoup ( s ) keep sending him back to troika for reform negotiations . 
  we are run by idiots ... 
  thank god for that !, 
  we have opened a new era in international negotiations : full retard mode . 
  greece : the birthplace of logic and on the same time the tombstone of logic . 
  stay tuned for more lulz, 
  i am talking about the loans asked before the haircuts on bank deposits . 
  putin said `` lol no ! '', 
  to the cyprian delegation, 
  we have another committee claiming that germany owes us 300bn euro for ww2 reparations . 
  double checkmate :-) government surrealism level : 100 . 
  if greece does not accept the terms , it means that there will be a gap that current loans can not cover . 
  guess who is going to fill up this hole . 
  you are presuming wrong , as i have posted on r/greece i am a 40 year old programmer and never worked for the state ; always private sector . 
  i am one of the idiots that pays taxes so that the state employes will get their salary . 
  my motivation is that we got a worse government than the previous one . 
  syriza has failed on every measurable economic metric . 
  implying that i get paid to influence the opinion of the 100 active users of r/greece shows no thinking skills, 
  theoretically speaking `` everything '' can happen . 
  practically , we have 18 eu member states taking a very strict stance against greece on the last 5 months . 
  their stance is : no money until you reform . 
  why should we put faith on a scenario where syriza continues to stay on the same line , but eu suddenly has a change of heart ? 
  is this scenario possible ? 
  yes is it probable ? 
  no should a highly improbable scenario be in the bank of greece report ? 
  the worst case scenario , implies that there is at least one more scenario . 
  if the central banker of my country wrote on a report , that there is a scenario where we do not pay imf , do not pay ecb and all continues to go nice and dandy , he would be doing disservice to the country ( lying ) . 
  his job is to report reality . 
  a reality known to everybody , but nonetheless he has to report it . 
  negotiation fail 101 : during the last 5 months we have pissed off 18 member states of the eu by asking them to pay for our failed state . 
  now we are going to piss off the planet . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   the committee can not prevent anything or take any decisions i agree . 
  this committee is smoke and mirrors for the natives . 
  the assumption was made to make a point about the futility of the use of its report . 
  even if it had the power to stop payments , the result would be a default . 
   it does n't mean absolutely anything about future loans it means everything . 
  it means that there is a loophole to prevent payments for bond holders . 
  would you buy bonds from such a country ? 
  i know i would n't . 
   greece is ... already excluded from the markets yes , and the plan is to be included ** again ** . 
  stop borrowing from ecb and imf , and issue bonds for our money needs ( no need for memorandum of understanding after that ) . 
  if we do not pay the current bond holders , there is no chance to waive the exclusion . 
  shit i forgot !, 
  there are so many committees bring in money that it is difficult to follow . 
   it seems that your committees are not that close to reality the whole government is not close to reality , we are living in a david lynch film . 
  example : today the bank of greece published a report about the financial situation of greece . 
  the report said in plain terms , that if we do n't get a deal soon , we are in danger of bankruptcy .
