  we are after all the cleverest people on this planet , right ? 
  you are getting trolled :-( you are wasting your time trying to explain that spending more than you are earning is `` living above your means '', 
  education itself can not be forced to an individual ( unless you propose compulsory schooling for adults ) the op to your tantrum , has the evidence on his side . 
  i used the word ` practically ' for a reason in my post . 
  i also want to live in a world where people are nice to each other , there is no war , no hunger , illness and to top it off , scarlett johansen sucks my dick every night . 
  all businesses move their operations in the lower possible taxation areas : it is no coincidence that the hq of most technology giants hp , dell , microsoft , oracle , are in ireland . 
  you need to understand that eliminating your so called ` loopholes ' will also destroy the commerce bonds of greece to the rest of the world . 
  examples of what you will need to do in order to close said ` loopholes ' : 1 . 
  tax capital going out of the country ( on top of the tax imposed on the creation of the capital ) . 
  disallow foreign companies to own assets in greece 3 . 
  do not allow greek citizens to own foreign companies, 
  technically everyone is ` exempt ' for something , there is always something that can lower your tax . 
  lets talk practically now : is the tax deduction unreasonable ? 
  why ? 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  this income is not produced in greece : these are foreign owned vessels ( i.e. 
  the owner is an off-shore company ) , with non-greek crews , operating outside greek borders , carrying non greek cargo . 
  they are taxed on a similar level to what they would be taxed elsewhere . 
  from my 1st point , it is evident that you can base such a company anywhere in the world , there is nothing special about having a greek base of operations other than the owner being greek . 
  if the tax is to be increased , the base of operations is going to change . 
  uk proposed a tax increase to shipping companies in london , and cancelled it after most companies started planning their relocation . 
  a small tax on a non zero turnover is bigger than a large tax on a zero turnover hope this clarifies, 
  tl ; dr no , they are not exempt . 
  what most people do not understand , is that you can not tax their off-shore companies , because they are already taxed by the countries in which they reside . 
  the only thing you can tax , is the dividends from the profits of off-shore companies . 
  most rich people go around this tax by offloading all their expenses as expenses on off-shore company . 
  this is also 100 % legal . 
  check google , only about 6bn usd worth of cds were activated ( greek here ), 
  only some cds were activated . 
  if it was a credit even all cds should have been paid out, 
  ... and i want to bang scarlett johansson . 
  of course they want the whole money , but the majority vote said no ( i.e. 
  other holders said no , not greece ) . 
  the thing with bonds is that for each issue all the bond holders can hold meetings and decide what happens to the lot of the bonds issued . 
  true , but holders had a meeting , then a vote , and on this vote they chose to write-off part of the debt . 
  it was a holders majority vs minority thing , not a holders vs greece . 
  i think what is being argued as we speak on the ongoing legal battles since that vote , is that the clause of the majority rule over the minority was added afterwards by greece , which is cheating in a way . 
  i know we are just playing with words , but what was done with greece was a default without defaulting . 
  allow me to expand on this : the owners of greek bonds `` chose '' ( emphasis on the quote marks ) to demand only 40 % of the value of the bonds . 
  so technically greece met its obligations . 
  greece never refused to pay what was asked by its lenders , it is just that its lenders asked for less `` voluntarily '' . 
  of course the answer to `` could greece have paid up in case the full amount was requested '' is no . 
  we are living in bizzaro land : /, 
  he is the true count von troll ( too bad 30 % of greeks do n't notice ), 
  it is bizarre seeing non-greeks being more informed than greeks in greek politics . 
  anyway , i think we deserve the darwin award , eu must let us have it , we have fought for it . 
  how come you are interested in greek politics ? 
  ( apart from the comedy factor ), 
  that + cock and breast enlargements . 
  greek voters have gone full retard, 
  do you have a source to counter this point ? 
  i think he is making a smart move : calling the manifesto for what it is : ( bullshit ) so that he retains his scientific status ( he is in academia after all ) , while kissing syriza 's ass at the same time . 
  respect !, 
  chicken against germany you should play not - master yoda , star wars - i ( pre-prequel ), 
  the idea ( given by two members of his party ) is that after a certain amount , a part of the depositors ' money will not be available to them ( for withdrawal ) because it will be ` locked ' by the state and given as a loan . 
  i could comment on that if it was even technically possible , but the depositors ' money are just numbers on the greek banks ' computers . 
  greek banks are ` bust ' and only serve withdrawals under the continuous lending of ecb . 
  the 100,000 e guarantee is backed by the state reserves and a bank account hold jointly by all greek banks , and can cover a small bank failing ( e.g. 
  proton bank as it happened ) . 
  in order to guarantee the 160bn euro of current greek bank deposits , there needs to be 160bn euro stashed somewhere ( or at least half of it ) . 
  a guarantee needs collateral ( money or other assets ) ireland guaranteed the money by a huge state loan which bankrupted the state . 
  immediately after that ireland asked for financial help from eu and got a loan from efsm and imf . 
  iceland did not get a loan and failed to hold the guarantee for non-icelandic customers ( they lost their savings ) . 
  banks use fractional reserves , but if they go below a certain threshold , they stop lending . 
  greek banks are in the red ( blackrock audits show that ) , and have already stopped lending . 
  according to tsipras , they should continue to lend using the current deposits which of course are just ` thin air ' , just numbers in a computer . 
  i wonder which newspapers you are reading , because the greek banks are not given money by the greek state ( where would our state find the money to lend anyway ) . 
  state control or not , banks have no money to lend . 
  he can theorise all he wants about the best way to manage an empty bank-vault . 
  i have copy/pasted from the document . 
  no distortion, 
  this document is a joke , allow me to quote my favorite `` to guarantee of bank deposits by all available means , and to enhance liquidity of banks and of the economy '' aahhahahahahahahhaha they will guarantee the deposits without saying with what ? 
  ( the state is broke btw ) . 
  ahahahahahhahaaaha comedy genius . 
  edit : more reading more lulz : the `` wealth registry '' ahahahahahhaha they have never heard of the concept of `` off-shore companies '' and how something like that will make all capital `` fly '' abroad . 
  he is saying that he likes for the titanic to stay afloat , but refuses to acknowledge the presence of the iceberg . 
  his exact words ( translated ) : `` the memorandum does not exist for syriza '' . 
  european leaders are quite clear on what will happen if greece does not meet its obligations - they will stop the cash flow . 
  how can he imagine being part in a trade union ( eurozone ) that he has just damaged financially ? 
  tsipras is a political genius ( not joking ) . 
  he has managed to say contradicting things without getting the heat for them , and in the process he raised his party from 3 % to 25 % . 
  respect !, 
  my favourite syriza financial idea : they will guarantee the savings in the bank accounts ( never mention with what ) and they will simultaneously use them as a `` compulsory loan '' to the state in order to kick start the economy . 
  ahahahaahahahhahahahaa i love my country :-), 
  it is eaten and not eaten , at the same time . 
  agreed . 
  if you go into the details , they are different kinds of shit ; still shit though , both of them . 
  this happens all the time between the members of the communist party and the neo-nazi party . 
  it is just the first time we get it on tv due to the presence of the second in our parliament . 
  am i sad ? 
  yes . 
  shocked ? 
  no unfortunately 1/6 greeks believes that the solution to our problems is to get communism/nationalism out of the closet . 
  what did they expect after voting ? 
  because magic money , right ? 
  i think ( hope ) they are just good at getting themselves elected , and they are not going to implement any of these nonsense . 
  it is a deja-vu of greek politics from 1981, 
  well played :-), 
  a concession to syriza is a poker bargain against our lenders : we will be daring them to stop lending . 
  who is ` they ' and what ` ca n't ' they do ?
