  you ( and me and your theoretical 3rd party ) are not batman . 
  i ca n't think of a simpler example for the meaning of the word ` direct ' , sorry . 
  again , please stick to the content of my posts : 1 . 
  excusing some of the weight of the crime is done by our legal system via softer penalties . 
  no relation to vendettas . 
  it is , they are committing a crime ( killing ) in order to solve an injustice . 
  the key word of my post is `` direct '' . 
  every action we do can have a negative consequence for someone down the line , but you can not predict everything . 
  again not a direct consequence . 
  allow me to clarify with an example ; take the following scenarios : a. i loose my job because my boss deems my services to be expensive b. i loose my job because i am bullied to resign by someone who wants my place . 
  i am not a scholar of right-wing racism towards immigrants , but i think their central problem is the crime related to immigrants ( or at least they think that crime is mainly driven by immigrants ), 
  you can argue that a conscious decision by myself that causes you direct harm , may excuse some of the weight of a possible crime committed by yourself against me . 
  if you commit a crime against me , just because i belong in group a , you do not have the excuse status described above . 
  this is the reason why i group these two extremists together . 
  in your slave-master example , the resulting death of the master by the slave is excused after the abuse of the slave by the master ( conscious direct harm ), 
  i think there is one definition , the one i quoted . 
  if we all have our `` own '' definition ( s ) for socialism ( or for anything else ) , it makes communication difficult , not to say impossible . 
  instead of arguing on authority grounds ( wiki , dictionary ) alone , you can check my definition by applying it to countries and seeing the results . 
  try to find countries that do not fit the description and discuss, 
  hate for their victims . 
  people of other ethnicity for the right wingers , people of other class ( bank employees ) for the left wingers . 
  specifically the hate is not related to the personality of the victims , but their status ( place of birth or type of occupation/pay ), 
  how did you infer this from my statement ? 
  i compare two specific types of crime only . 
  please try to comment the content of my posts , and not the content of what you imagine i think . 
  to answer the question nevertheless : no, 
  neither model of economy ( socialism , free market capitalism ) is implemented as a 100 % absolute rule . 
  in your ussr example , where 95 % of production was state owned by law , how would you describe the economy to an outsider ? 
  us has special laws that forbid privately owned production ( some types of weapons etc ) . 
  would you classify it as a social economy ? 
  not for my morality ( inserted the ` my ' because of the subjective nature of morality ), 
  they are both crimes . 
  the one is racial ( the nationalist flavour ) , the other class ( poor vs rich/other ), 
  my information addition to this thread was that the left is not only destroying buildings as you said in your post . 
  communists are socialists with no sense of humor, 
  i would argue , that if all production is state-run ( by law ) , it is as socialist as it has been practically applied . 
  if a state allows privately owned business , then we are not talking about socialism . 
  my criteria is the explicit exclusion of privately owned business/production . 
  most people mix up `` social benefits '' with a `` socialist economy '' , thus labelling countries like sweden as `` socialist '' . 
  of course , sweden is a capitalist state ( free market ) with very good social policy ( education , healthcare , unemployment benefits , etc ) . 
  but this is reddit ! , your argument is invalid :-), 
  all the terrorist organisations of greece ( 17th of november being the most notorious ) were far left . 
  bank burning has claimed 3 lives in the last 2 years . 
  are you living in the same reality as the rest of us ? 
  it was fine !, 
  now take this party-issued , vacation ticket to siberia . 
  enjoy your stay, 
  no true communism fallacy , how delicious, 
  i think we should rename the `` no true scotch-man '' fallacy , to `` no true communist '' fallacy . 
  ai gamisou malaka * you drop the 's ' because you are addressing the person . 
  at least romanians have an excuse for paying pensions to the dead , for they are the dracuuulllll :-), 
  you can only sell `` commercially viable '' oil . 
  these expeditions are not `` for science '' :-) you can always hope that new technology around the corner may bring you more money , but this is never accounted in future revenues because it is only that : hope . 
  ps : ( thread high-jack alert ) : the deficit for 2011 was about 10bn euros ( excluding debt payments ) . 
  the projected deficit for 2012 is 0-2bn euros and it probably needed the creation of a new branch of mathematics :-) . 
  the projection assumes that the government will receive more taxes this year , in a shrinking economy . 
  no wonder our minister of economics is called `` the wizard '' :-), 
  that is about 25 billion euros according to best case scenarios . 
  given a drilling period of 10 years ~ 2.5 bn e / year, 
  one thing left todo : settle with the politicians that took the money ( but there is law that prevents jail time for them , so why would they bargain ? ), 
  we invented philosophy in order to not use it, 
  tbh , you will pay the biggest part of the bill ( being the bigger economy etc ), 
  adding to the above : greek economy has to fix the trade deficit ( imports vs exports ) . 
  even without debt we run a deficit ( money needed for current year ) . 
  without the bailout , we would go from -5 bn deficit to 0 in one day . 
  this would ` dry ' the market of money , and this money is needed by healthy business to continue growing and exporting . 
  tl ; dr greece got saved from a certain death spiral . 
  whether we work to save our asses completely is up to us ( to be seen ), 
  the discussion is derailed by trying to give a new meaning to socialism in order to include a free market country ( france ) . 
  if france is socialist , i guess every free market country that owns part of the industry is also socialist . 
  a free market country does not exclude the state from doing business but on the other hand a socialist country , by definition , excludes non state-run business . 
  back on topic : awaiting the name of a socialist country that is successful . 
  about owning something : yes you do by definition . 
  what is dirige ? 
  ( non native speaker here ) a government of a capitalist country that taxes for 50 % corporations and individuals , is by your definition socialist . 
  you can not have a socialist-free market . 
  lets try once more : pick a socialist country that does well ( hint : a country in which production is owned and controlled by the state . 
  hint2 : north korea is another one ), 
  industry is state owned in france and i did not notice ? 
  i hope you are not mixing a national healthcare system with a social economy . 
  lets start again , please quote a social country ( hint : venezuela is one ), 
  let 's play a game : name 10 socialist countries that have a good standard of living and i will name 10 capitalist ones . 
  ( i wonder if there are 10 socialist countries still on this planet that have n't gone bankrupt already ) . 
  i wait ... 
  stop scrolling right now fellow redditor , and read the post above . 
  it is long , but informative . 
  the troll is strong with you, 
  the syntax burns my eyes, 
  laos ( far right ) is the only voice of logic at the moment . 
  pasok and nd act like 10 year olds , and the left is living in the 20th century ( dreaming of sputnik probably ) . 
  it may be a saddening fact , but it is the current reality . 
  he seems to have the know-how for handling our crisis , and his credentials are good . 
  his government will have to vote some very unpopular measures , and it remains to be seen if the two major parties will step-up to the task . 
  the imf lie is the only one that ( a thinking person imo ) would agree to being said ; here is why : if your pm tells you that your country can not sell bonds to the open market and that he is in talks with the imf for a loan , you run to the bank without thinking twice about it . 
  if the deal is not successful --  country goes bankrupt --  your bank goes bust --  goodbye saving account ( amongst other nice things ) . 
  final point : if we have n't lied about our total debt and our deficit , it would have been impossible for us to get more loans , and get so deep into debt . 
  alogoskoufis , increased the reported greek gdp by 30 % in order to qualify for a bigger loan . 
  of course this meant that we were eligible for smaller eu support grants ( we reported that we got rich after all ) , and we had to increase our contribution money to the eu in support for weaker countries . 
  fun fact ( google it ) : this action by alogoskoufis , got the 2nd place in that year 's economic errors : 1st place was kazakstan with a typo on its currency . 
  whoever they choose , he/she must be voted by the current parliament members of nd , pasok - hence coalition .
