  pls clarify . 
  before these elections , pasok had 160 ( and later 155 ) members out of 300 , but still required nd to vote with them in order to have a representation of  50 % of greek voters . 
  still , people cried foul . 
  apart from the shit-storm to be generated when the 37 % votes on any measures , do you think our lenders will feel safe with such low representation ? 
  i think golden dawn gets most flak , and they deserve it . 
  my point is that the pr shit storm scales according to the craziness of the political claims of syriza . 
  kammenos for example , ( from another anti-austerity party leader ) claims that he will get the money needed for running the country from china and russia . 
  for this specific claims he has been ridiculed exactly like syriza was . 
  my point is that they are getting exactly the same shit that papandreou got when he said `` there is enough money - lefta yparxoun '' . 
  it is syriza 's first time in the wilderness of governance , and their first ` solutions ' got the flak they deserved ( imo ), 
  greek banks are low on capital ( to be precise , unless they get a 50bn recapitalization loan after the losses of psi + red loans , they are fucked . 
  actually we , their customers , are fucked ) . 
  syriza totally ignores this simple fact , and says the following : a. 
  we are guaranteeing deposits ( lol with what ? ), 
  we are going to use said deposits for recapitalization ( through loans to business ) of the market . 
  ( apart from saying indirectly `` get your money out of greece '' , this point is in contrast with point ( a ) ) . 
  mr. stratoulis of syriza said the above , and in his 2nd statement about this , his only correction was that the idea will affect accounts with more than 200,000 e ( oh nice !, 
  rich people get your money out now ! ) . 
  another member of syriza ( glezos ) said that his proposal is for accounts up to 20,000 e ( oh even better !, 
  everyone get your money out ! ), 
  the letter had no specific point , it talked about the result of the elections and what they think people want ( at least their 17 % ) . 
  not a single word about intent . 
  if syriza had a point to make to eu , this was the time and place . 
  i was expecting at least one sentence like this : dear eu , we will cancel the current monetary deal . 
  thank you for your help so far , we can manage on our own . 
  kisses xxx syriza 3 . 
  venizelos is a slow hippopotamus ( huhu ) about every reform and action but he never denied the fact that we are cornered , we need the money , and we will have to accept our lenders ' terms 4 . 
  samaras is booed by 50 % of his own party ( as seen from the election resutls ) , and the sum of the european conservatives . 
  he is probably the 1st politician who lost while getting the 1st place . 
  conservative newspapers ( of all ) portray him as an idiot . 
  do n't know about this , no comment . 
  they did n't and that was fraud ( against their customers ) . 
  still , currency was irrelevant . 
  they did n't and that was fraud ( against their customers ) . 
  still , currency was irrelevant . 
  they were guaranteeing the euros in the bank accounts by signing a treaty and adhering to some eu standards . 
  if i have 1,000,000 usd in my possession i am free to lend you some of it . 
  if i am a bank and i lend you more than i have ( banks do that , but there is a limit on the exposure they are getting into ) , i am committing fraud . 
  nothing to do with the currency i am lending . 
  as long as they ( icelanders ) can not print cad , there is no problem . 
  the problem is not caused by european citizens wanting to enter greece without a passport ( we call them tourists , they leave when their vacations end ) . 
  the problem is caused by immigrants going through our border with turkey . 
  the thing is : turkey is not prosecuting them . 
  so for all practical purposes on the matter of prosecution , greeks can block their passage to greece and leave them on turkey . 
  journalists had the right to leave the premises ( and they should have imo ) and the nazi party had the right to dictate its rules in its own building . 
  too much fuss for nothing, 
  he is by definition : he is not a greek citizen and he does not have a visa . 
  i could make exception if he had the turkish army marching behind him , ready for the kill ; but this is not the case as we all know . 
  fun fact : greece did not have an immigration inflow problem with mine fields across the borders . 
  also , there were no people been blown to pieces , because no-one dared crossing . 
  any chance of answering my question ? 
  you have to cross the sea which can be patrolled . 
  edit : most immigrants pass through the northern border with turkey ( evros area ), 
  do you have a better solution ? 
  the above has been used for the greatest part of the 20th century with good results, 
  if you place land mines along your border and clearly mark them , you will find that people will follow their common sense , and not cross . 
  i have thought about placing the signs , without planting the mines , but i guess someone with a machine gun could call the bluff easily . 
  true for the last 15 years, 
  `` never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity '' ( or incompetence if i may add ) . 
  greek here . 
  the content of the article just describes the usual inefficient , bureaucratic greece . 
  the point where the two leading parties reserve more ballot paper for themselves is typical entrenched party people in the workings of the state . 
  hmmm let me think : whose money do these banks hold in their vaults ? 
  austerity is the result of deficit ( s ) . 
  austerity is the word we use to describe government spending cuts when the government does not have enough money . 
  thinking that austerity is causing the financial problems , is like saying that the fever is causing the flu infection, 
  sorry mate but you are all discussing on my fucking original post , which is about practicality . 
  if you want to discuss about something else please do , just do n't comment on my post . 
  the last sentence is just an argument from authority fallacy , but i guess that is just a dent in the overall stupidity of your post . 
  human here . 
  i hope you realise you are out of topic : practical language . 
  i can not use a language if i can not read/write ( maybe i can pick up some chicks , but i can not even read a newspaper or do business ), 
  what would be practical for a taa speaking person to learn as a foreign language ? 
  i found english to be easier than french and german ( which i quit very quickly ) . 
  chinese ( and the rest of the oriental languages ) have so many characters that make it impossible for me to learn how to read . 
  as a common mortal who speaks greek natively , english as a second language , french at a very basic level , and who has looked at chinese , allow me to say this : it is fucking easy . 
  no genders , simple rules on past tense verbs and composite words , to name a few . 
  try learning german , greek , chinese etc. 
  the only other simple language i can think of is italian , since you are just waiving your hands 50 % of the time :-), 
  it is the easiest language . 
  we use it because it is practical . 
  edit : attention linguist down-vote brigade : there is a word in my post above ( practical ) . 
  stop flooding me with info about how easy chinese is , when it is impossible to learn thousands of characters in order to read/write ( which is very practical ) . 
  thank you, 
  nationalisation : works wonders / s, 
  lol imf occupation : financial bureaucrats with their laptops are indeed scary ahahahahahaha, 
   in the moment when the greeks were n't able to pay the debt and threatened to take `` not guilty '' countries down too you can not make a threat when you have only one option : `` we have no money to pay , and we threat that we are not going to pay '' : no shit sherlock !, 
  so what ? 
  you can call it whatever you want , there in no jail for countries so you do n't need an excuse like that for a ` judge ' . 
  the moment greece goes bust ( for whatever excuse ) : 1 . 
  no more lending to greece to cover current deficit 2 . 
  no more loans from ecb to greek banks --  greek banks go under --  citizens/business loose all their savings --  crash 3 . 
  possible trade sanctions, 
  i wonder what this is going to solve since we have no plan for mass deportation , and no plan for better border patrol . 
  i guess the rise of extreme right wing parties got politicians scared enough to put out a `` show '', 
  you keep twisting my words : the one harmed is not allowed to seek revenge ( feedback from my post : softer penalty , i.e. 
  a penalty is given ) , but if he did , a judge may go easy on him with a milder sentence depending on the prior actions of the victim . 
  this is exactly how our justice system works . 
  if you allow any third party ( apart from the state ) to take the law in its hands , you will end up like west africa . 
  this is why i dislike solving an injustice with a crime .
