  fixed minimum price get a build permit ? 
  fixed minimum price get an electrical plan approved for a building ? 
  fixed minimum price i will agree that it does not apply to all engineers . 
  i am a software engineer and there are no laws fixing my minimum pay, 
  nope . 
  bad laws and a non-operating state due to bureaucracy and laziness , have nothing to do with a monetary union , currency , loans etc. 
  even if we get to use the dollar and are added to usa as a new state , our piece of shit system , will continue to disallow business and production . 
  varoufakis has never produced anything or made a business himself . 
  he is a football coach that has never played football . 
  this video shows why varoufakis has lost ( i think never had ) touch with the reality of production . 
  he goes in length discussing monetary tools , their pros and cons , while ignoring that it makes ** no sense ** to produce anything in greece at the moment . 
  if you have the money ( talent and right ideas ) to create something , you will never choose greece as your base of operations or production . 
  reasons : 1 . 
  ambiguous tax system . 
  you are always in fault even if you try not to 2 . 
  continuously changing tax system . 
  you can make no plans which include tax costs . 
  within a year , greece votes hundreds ( no exaggeration here ) amendments to tax law . 
  enforcing a contract through the court system will take 5-10 years . 
  kiss your money goodbye if you get in a legal battle with someone owning you money . 
  fixed prices for engineers , lawyers , and closed occupations raise the prices of services needed in production . 
  `` free market '' is a joke in greece 5 . 
  continuous strikes cause delays in delivery of goods ( closed ports , closed highways , etc ) 6 . 
  massive paper-war with the bureaucratic greek state . 
  rules unclear , mostly at the whims of local state employees . 
  usual way of speeding up : bribe . 
  i can go on , but you get the picture . 
  on the world competitiveness index we rate amongst african countries . 
  without production , there are no solutions , whether you have euro , dollars , drachmas or gold . 
  all the above are problems of the greek state , completely unrelated to the european union , or the euro . 
  not only that , but troika got beefed up with the addition of an extra member . 
  in greece the government announces the end ot troika , and the monkeys that voted for them celebrate . 
  full retard level reached . 
  full disclosure : i am the mod of / r/pasok . 
  did you pay your respects ? 
  how feasible would it be to lower taxes to cyprus level and commit to it for the next 10 years ? 
  ( by implementing of course the needed salary cuts to public employees to balance the `` hole '' in the state income books ) how feasible would it be for greece to grow without doing the above ? 
  edit : storms in thread : `` no-one expects the kafros inquisition '' but alas , here i am :-) 1 . a 1 % gdp addition to spending , while knowing a deficit of 6-10 % is a bad promise to voters . 
  cracking on tax evasion seems to be on everyone 's agenda ( not only greece ) , but reality has shown small returns . 
  if i understand correctly from your wording , you think that papandreou did sufficient cuts . 
  this of course brings us to why did you agree to a plan ( small deficit corrections ) that did not succeed to calm bond markets ? 
  if you did not agree to such a plan , i am back to my question : why did n't papandreou listen to you ? 
  which pms of nd supported you even if they followed the party line of opposing mou 1 ? 
  thanks for the info so far, 
  source ? 
  also : why did he delete data that was clean ? 
  the tax records of his relatives , were declared and known to the tax office . 
  it is like me sending you an envelope with some info , me knowing that you recorded the info and issued a statement about it ( as tax offices do ) , and then some years later , me breaking into your house to steal the original envelope !, 
  i will probably be away on a business trip . 
  please post them on my behalf , and just add my user name on the post so that i can track it later, 
   the delation of 3 of his relatives out of a list with potential tax evaders is something minor ? 
  it was not proven that he deleted them ( the original data set had changed too many hands ) , plus the fact that they had nothing to hide . 
  all his relatives had disclosed the money to the tax office . 
  the total lack of motive clears him up . 
  this is also the reason why the court could not charge him with damages to the state . 
  the state had 0 money to claim from his relatives . 
  you can , but this is public info . 
  the court found him guilty for something minor , and he got a 1 year sentence ( with parole ) . 
  even this 1 year is unfair , since the court agreed that any damage to the state could not be calculated or proven . 
  his trial is a farce of our state . 
  the political system wanted a scapegoat for the mou , the people wanted someone to hate , and the `` hot potato '' was given to the judge to sort out . 
  the judge met reality somewhere in the middle : he was convicted , but no jail . 
  how does ama work ? 
  a new thread is opened and we post questions , or do we post them here , and the mod picks and posts ? 
  anyway , here are a couple of questions : 1 . 
  why did you ( a ) campaign with promises for more money handouts to voters while knowing the helpless condition of the greek economy ? 
  if you did not know the state of the greek economy beforehand , why did you run for a position that requires good knowledge of the economy 's hard data ? 
  in your book you report discussions with prime minister papandreou , where you tried to persuade him to implement budget cuts before it was too late . 
  why do you think he did not listen to you or provopoulos or the eu staff involved ? 
  3 . who do you think `` nailed '' you from inside your party ? 
  venizelos did the same thing you were accused of ( idling on the data ) , and he had no problems with the law . 
  for the record : i think and have extensively explained in other posts , that the accusations against you about `` lagarde 's list '' were a joke . 
  were there any talks with samaras for nd support of the first mou ( as it was done in other countries ? ) . 
  if yes , why did he not help ? 
  ( a ) by `` you '' i include your party 's campaign since you never raised concerns about their promises, 
  we went bust in 1893 , then again in 1932 and after the ww2 we revalued our currency . 
  that is all good in theory if we produced most products . 
  as greeks we import : cars , trucks , oil , machinery , electronics , chemicals , raw materials , food , etc. 
  we also export about a third of what we import . 
  we need to import these things because they are essential for running our production . 
  when we start printing the new drachmas , all these imported products will cost too much . 
  what you propose has happened before in greece ( after our last bankruptcy ) and people started using gold coins ( called lires ) for their transactions instead of the national currency which was deemed unreliable . 
  yes , in order to strike, 
  so why do you propose the end of the euro ? 
  do you think the imf , europe , us and the world bank are run by idiots that do not have hseldon10 's insightful economics understanding :-) ? 
  no-one knows what will happen when the euro is dropped and as it seems no-one wants to risk it . 
  greece will be held afloat for as long the risk of contagion is high , after that i guess is bye-bye, 
  you got my point backwards : i am not talking about the reasons greece had for getting in so much depth , but for the reasons eu had for saving greece . 
  eu saved greece in order to save its ass , and it succeeded : no bank crisis . 
  eu did the logical thing according to its members best interests ( this is my point ), 
  no , you missed my point : i argue that a bank collapse of an eu member country as greece * could * create a panic and a bank run on the rest of the countries like spain , italy . 
  i am not talking about moral obligations or any kind of morality . 
  i am talking about simple risk management, 
  are you sure you are answering my post , because i raised a specific point - got downvoted too without a counter argument :-), 
  about sinking : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gt86iwih2mi, 
  i prefer reddit 's boat analogies to shlashdot 's car analogies . 
  in this case they should bail all the eu banks too , because if ( for example ) you are a spanish citizen in the year 2010 and see that greek banks imploded , citizens lost their savings , and eu did nothing , what is stopping you from running to the bank ( to get your money while it is still there ? ), 
  short answer yes , long answer gyeeeeeeeeeesssssss ( greek here ) . 
  the vast majority is confused by things like loans to banks ( in order to protect customer savings ) , loans to the state ( to cover the primary deficit ) , and loans to cover previous loans ( bonds ) . 
  so instead we * shout * germany is evil and get done with all the complications .
