well yeah , slovenia is basically a german vassal state , so of course we 're doing what mama merkel tells us to do . 
  if you think i 'm of the opinion that slovenia is morally superior to croatia , reread my comments . 
  i have no idea where you got the notion of moral superiority from . 
  it is all about the gulf of piran and access to international waters , which is vital to slovenian industry . 
  the arbitrary process as a prerequisite for croatia joining the eu was one of few ways slovenia could ensure that this border dispute could one day be solved . 
  at first it seemed it would be solved , but since croatia now thinks it can unilaterally cancel the arbitrary process , it will drag on . 
  even if the court decides one way or another , croatia will more than likely respect the decision only if it is in their favor . 
  here are some facts : - this one is easy to check on wikipedia : croatia has unresolved border disputes with four out of its six neighbours in the western balkans : with slovenia for the bay of piran among others , with bosnia-herzegovina because of the bridge to pelje\u0161ac which would cut off bosnia 's access to international waters , with serbia for the banks of the danube and with montenegro for the prevlakas . 
  slovenia has no border disputes with italy , austria or hungary , bosnia-herzegovina has a border dispute with serbia about the drina river and with montenegro about the territory of sutorina , while serbia has no internationally recognized border disputes with montenegro . 
  so six out of eight border disputes in the western balkans involve croatia . 
  does this tell you something about croatia 's foreign relations or is it the result of its central position in what was yugoslavia ? 
  you tell me . 
  access to international waters is vital to slovenian and central european industry as much cargo is transported through the harbor of koper . 
  losing this access would mean that corporations would possibly have to pay croatia for access to slovenia , which could mean that traffic would be redirected to the harbor of rijeka , which currently ca n't handle the capacity koper can . 
  - this one is harder to check as it 's mostly from slovenian media and personal experience : slovenian tourists are often seen as a lower class than austrians , germans , italians and other nationalities , even though slovenian tourists are the second largest tourist group in croatia . 
  personally , i 've experienced from the incredulity of older croatian people over my inability to speak croatian , to the subpar service of a croatian restaurant once the owner realized we were slovenian and not austrian , and to the outright hostility from a group of what i assumed were young nationalists in osijek . 
  the majority of croatian visitors still expect that they will be understood in their native language in slovenia , while the reverse is n't expected . 
  croatian companies in slovenia are allowed to hire employees if they are fluent in croatian , while the same is n't allowed for slovenian companies in croatia . 
  real estate owned by slovenian have been demolished on the croatian coast , and croatia has in the past tried to put its name on slovenian things such as the carniolan sausage ( which was recognized as a slovenian food by the european comission this january ) , the karst shepherd , and anton vramec , who wrote the first book in croatian , but was from slovenia . 
  - facts about the current incidence : the telephone calls between the arbiter sekolec and drenik took place between november 5th and january 11th . 
  why did it take more than six months to announce this evidence if it 's crucial to croatia 's case ? 
  how could croatia obtain evidence from within the borders of another sovereign state ? 
  why is this incidence more important than the fact that the croatian arbiter lived in the croatian embassy ? 
  does the fact that the telephone calls were uncovered now , half a year before the next croatian parliamentary elections and prior to the final decision of the arbitrage court , indicate that croatian politicans knew about the outcome of the arbitrage , and the politicians in power would be blamed for croatia 's territorial loss , which means they would lose in the coming elections ? 
  what infuriates me is that one of the conditions for croatia 's inclusion in the eu was that it should resolve its border dispute with slovenia . 
  currently , they 're in violation of that condition . 
  and i do n't condone the actions by sekolec and drenik . 
  i also do n't like the fact that they were phone tapped by a direct or indirect foreign asset and that the croatian arbiter lived in the croatian embassy , where i 'm sure they did n't just talk about soccer and the weather . 
  the difference is that we can prove the slovenian side did announce how the arbitration process was going , while we ca n't do the same for the croatian side . 
  finally , this incidence reeks of the sort of political games that are commonplace in the balkans : prior to upcoming elections , find an exterior enemy so that you can unite the people behind you and get more votes . 
  yes , it is wrong that the slovenian side announced how the arbitration process was going . 
  but so did apparently the croatian side as they were phone tapping the slovenian side , which is why they were able to withdraw from the process so quickly prior to its conclusion , as the court would n't have ruled in their favor . 
  i 'm done spending my vacation in croatia , and i hope more slovenians realize this is the best solution for us , as we just ca n't get any respect at all from our southern neighbors . 
  next year i 'm either going to the italian or slovenian coast . 
  letting croatia join the eu was a huge mistake . 
  but hopefully we 've learned from our mistake , so good luck joining the schengen , neighbours !, 
  and you 've lost at least three tourists who wo n't be paying for your hotels or food in the foreseeable future . 
  i had to google it to understand what the hell the aussies are talking about . 
  looks like we 're a good nation-state because we 're very ethnically homogenous , which is complete bs . 
  we have an italian minority on the coast , a hungarian minority in prekmurje ( and italian and hungarian are even co-official languages ) , roma minorities in dolenjska and prekmurje , huge populations of bosnians and serbs in major cities , and my own home town , which is the multicultural capital of slovenia . 
  slovenia kinda looks like the troop composition you 'd get if you centered your kingdom on uxkhal-curaw-ichamur in mount & blade warband . 
  don your tinfoil hats , kolegi . 
  what if the russians are the reason luka koper is going down the drain ? 
  because if the harbor suddenly goes on sale putin can buy it and convert it into a warmwater harbor for his navy . 
  this visit is just the first step in his plan . 
  well , we 've lost land to all of our neighbors in the last century . 
  if there 's a great war in europe ever again , you can bet your bottom dollar we 'll be the one 's losing land , regardless of what side we 're actually on :(, 
  i was just a wee lad when yugoslavia went down the drain , but i often hear my parents , who studied in ljubljana during the final years , talk about the scheduled power rationing , how stores had shortages of basically everything including sanitary napkins and toilet paper , and how you could n't trust your neighbor or distant relative for fear of them being an informant , who would rat you out if you said the wrong things . 
  compared to this i 'd say we 're a lot better off now . 
  well , it 's your number times 10,000 , so about 2,5 % of the population . 
  currently , a large mosque is being built in ljubljana , partly funded by a qatari emir , and qatar is officially a salafi state . 
  people i 've spoken with are n't too happy with the fact that salafists are setting up shop in the middle of ljubljana , as they fear it will be a place where they 'll radicalize muslims , but i 'm sure our political leaders know more about these sorts of things than us lowly plebs . 
  / s also , slovenia is pretty sparsely populated . 
  there are a lot of secluded forests and hills connected to the rest of civilization by shitty roads . 
  i think it depends on how the particular intelligence service works . 
  they often let the small fish swim undisturbed in order to catch the bigger ones . 
  if the islamists who were training outside of ljubljana were n't that important europol would just monitor them and maybe tell the slovenian police to back off and not ask any questions . 
  currently it seems the location was a recreational center 10 km east of ljubljana and the event took place in april 2014 . 
  according to the channel pop tv slovenian police investigated the event , but did not discover anything of a criminal nature as it was a religious meeting ( according to the police ) . 
  [ source in slovenian . 
  distressing to say the least . 
  the police are saying they have n't verified the info coming from europol which in my ears sounds more like this is news to them than it being false information . 
  i 'm fairly patriotic , which is pretty rare over here . 
  it took 1400 years for slovenians to finally become truly independent so i feel like i kind of owe it to all my predecessors who had to live like serfs and second class citizens to not piss on , complain about , and hate this country . 
  that 's not a policy they 've been having for decades , though . 
  those are just reactions to , or a way to clean up , the effects of bad integration coupled with a too high immigration . 
  you 're talking about a policy that 's only a month old . 
  who knows if they 'll quickly abandon it when things calm down . 
  well , call me pessimistic , but for the sake of europe as a whole maybe it would have been better if fn had won in some regions . 
  better a soft introduction to the policies of fn than a rude awakening in 2017 after the presidential elections . 
  i 'm in no way a fan of the far right , but i can see the current political establishment learning no lessons from this and continuing with the same insane policies , making support for fn grow until it 's too late . 
  mostly because of the hypocrisy surrounding the migrant crisis . 
  most western nations , spearheaded by germany and sweden , talk about how we should be humane and let all the refugees in , yet letting the migrants put their lives in the hands of people smugglers , and risk their lives in the mediterranean and in the balkan does n't sound very humane . 
  it sounds like people wanting to act humane avoiding the bill . 
  if every life would 've been precious germany and sweden would be sending planes to the refugee camps to save them from the dangerous trek across europe . 
  and the crisis has had negative effects on all countries on the migrant route , both within our borders and internationally . 
  yet southern and eastern europe are the ones who are being blamed in the media for not just lying down and taking it . 
  i laughed out loud at the bit about how the sneaky and wretched eastern europe has stabbed the brave and brilliant western europe in the back . 
  i suppose realpolitik is only justifiable when the `` good guys '' are doing it . 
  us former yugoslavians always joke about how \u010drnogorci are the laziest people on the planet , and i would n't be surprised if they asked the chinese to object to the invitation , thus preventing them from joining nato so that they could keep doing nothing . 
  montenegro is a pretty cool place . 
  what the hell kind of accent is that ? 
  i swear , every time i see a new video with \u017di\u017eek his english is getting worse . 
  yes , but if we 've learned anything in the last month it 's that the current opinion of politicians is n't set in stone . 
  germany shot down this proposal , but earlier they also said anyone could come to their country , yet now they are n't so happy about that . 
  austria and our own government said that fences was an unthinkable solution , yet there are fences on our border now . 
  sweden said they would never have border controls and that refugees would all be accomodated , yet now there are border controls and a lot of refugees sleep in tents or in the streets . 
  paris already had an effect on the stock market , and if there will be similar situations in the coming weeks i 'll bet the politicians will solve the problems overnight , at least for netherlands and germany , which are the only two nations that really matter when it comes to unrestricted transport of goods . 
  the largest ports , and the largest economy . 
  we already saw this in the proposal of the mini-schengen area . 
  even though slovenia is all but a german province , and even though our government did everything to please merkel regarding the migrants , slovenia was n't included in the proposal . 
  no butthurtedness , but we clearly should be prepared to seek allies elsewhere . 
  why do i get the feeling that when anti-immigration parties will come to power in the west they 'll shut the borders and tell the east to sod off , leaving them to deal with tens of thousands of stranded migrants ? 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  v4 + now !, 
  edit : i mean , the mini-schengen idea is already an indication of what we can expect if shit really hits the fan . 
  fifth place . 
  huh . 
  who 'd have thunk it . 
  someone please tell me why we are n't sliding into orwell 's 1984 .
