  this is how the world looks like today : * russia was up until they intervened in syria the bad guys , who brainwashed their population and tried to fragment the eu . 
  suddenly , putin is once again , like he was before the war in ukraine and before and after georgia , the good guy . 
  iran is suddenly seen in a more favorable light , even though they probably still chant ` death to america , death to israel ' like they 've been doing since the revolution . 
  they have after all , according to the media , an educated population and a thriving middle class . 
  turkey is currently the bad guy as they 're becoming more undemocratic , are aiding daesh , and are fighting with the kurdish minority . 
  but how long will this last ? 
  when the war in syria will be over i bet you russia will become the enemy again once they shift focus back to ukraine and possibly moldavia . 
  as will iran if ksa by some lucky coincidence does n't fall to pieces in the next five years . 
  * add to that the fact that the western media is far from being objective . 
  instead it 's a means to shape public opinion , one that burns through new labels in an effort not to offend anyone . 
  so far , not nodding your head to the doublespeak and committing thought crimes will only get you in trouble on twitter and facebook , but lately with sjws and the discussions about safe space these same problems are beginning to seep into the real world . 
  freedom of speech does n't apply if what you say does n't agree with the current dogma . 
  * since charlie hebdo we 're seeing an increase in fear of an enemy who is ready to strike at you when you least expect it , in the novel portrayed by bombings of london that become an everyday occurrence , just as we are now told that we should expect new terrorist attacks . 
  in 1984 a district is bombed , leaving people dead , while other parts of the city go on like nothing happened because it is something that happens every day , and should be expected . 
  * there are also talks about new mass surveillance laws . 
  it 's a long stretch before we 're in a world where security forces will track your every move , but this is a good way to start , no ? 
  by ending encryption , and ending neutrality , and introducing means to track what everyone is doing online . 
  where do we go from here ? 
  we did n't have these kinds of threats of terrorism in europe in the 80s , 90s or 00s . 
  sure , there were attacks during the 00s as well , but not these many in so short amount of time , and we did n't have a whole terrorist state just outside our borders , a state that with ease brings in and sends back fighters to europe . 
  we did n't have social media that told us what the correct opinions are , and we sure did n't have mediums that are restricted to 140 characters , discouraing any form of indepth debate . 
  in my opinion , this is n't some conspiracy or panichistory bullshit . 
  i do n't believe there are any massive organizations behind this development . 
  and i do n't believe we 'll suddenly find ourselves in a dystopian world . 
  instead it 's becoming a perfect storm of coincidences that will make the world slide into an eerily similar state as depicted in orwell 's book , just slow enough that we wo n't revolt because of the changes . 
  we wo n't mind it . 
  christ i 'm happy v4 , and especially hungary , exists . 
  wait , i 'm white ? 
  i could 've sworn loads of people on reddit and the rest of internet say that slavic people are n't white . 
  i do n't think you croats will have any say in the matter as long as germany and austria views the fencing of the external schengen borders favorably , all threats and outright hostile attitude aside . 
  somehow i doubt that will be the outcome . 
  if there 's one thing to be said about the migrants , it 's that they 're very up to date with what 's happening in europe . 
  slovenia wo n't become a dead-end . 
  the migrants will go either through slovenia to italy , or with boat from albania to italy , aided by the governments who want to get rid of them as quickly as possible . 
  or from greece through bulgaria , romania etc. 
  yes !, 
  let me rephrase it :  i just checked in the dictionary and it really is a slovenian word for beer , but the word is obsolete in modern slovenian . 
  there are two commonly used words for beer in slovenian : pivo and pir , where pivo is the correct one , and pir is more of a regional variant/slang ( probably a loanword from german ) . 
  and apparently there is also a third word for beer : ol , but this one is archaic in modern slovenian . 
  i 've never heard anyone use the expression ` ol' before . 
  but i just checked in the dictionary and it really is an obsolete slovenian word for beer . 
  how about that . 
  so you 're telling me that as long as i have the money to pay for it , i too , can be exempt from the expectations and standards of modern society ? 
  oh shit , son , we 're practically swimming in well-beings !, 
  the mere fact that `` heaven '' is written over slovenia is enough to know this map is a joke . 
  there 's nothing slovenians like to bitch about more than slovenia and other slovenians . 
  even i did it just now . 
  the important events in slovenian history are generally concentrated in the two world wars or in the short war for independence , but in my opinion , napoleon 's legal code that was established after the creation of the illyrian province in 1809 was the event that gave birth to the idea of slovenia as a nation state , even if independence still was nothing but a dream . 
  under napoleon slovenian was finally given the same status as german and french , schools were allowed to teach in slovenian , feudalism was abolished , equality before the law for everyone was established , and people got economic freedom . 
  we might still be a german lapdog , but napoleon gave us the necessary first tools for our emancipation as a nation and for our future independence . 
  indyref 2017 : should britain leave the united nations ? 
  slovenia , specifically ljubljana . 
  1 : being a nationalist here is pretty much the worst thing you can do . 
  most people either want to be western/german or go back to some form of yugoslavia . 
  2 : the students here are pretty active , at least when it comes to protesting , social issues and referenda . 
  3 : a high percentage of the young people here enroll in universities . 
  4 : the young people are generally liberal , but it varies among the older generations . 
  5 : regular people do n't care very much about soccer and clubs ( who are barely above amateur level ) , but there are some nasty hooligan gangs ( who are in it mostly for the violence ) 6 : generally no . 
  slovenians prefer to blame and hate other slovenians . 
  7 : yes . 
  but the politics in slovenia are abysmal , and do n't expect to get a job unless you can take advantage of some nepotism . 
  slovenia held a referendum on the membership in eu and nato ( 2 separate questions ) in 2003 . 
  89,61 % were in favor of joining the eu . 
  but maybe you did n't ask about eastern european shit tier countries ? 
   nah , wars wo n't happen in europe anymore because it 's  c u r r e n t y e a r. 
  if that 's really the case then i do n't even want to know how the situation is in universities where they publish a lot of papers , because when i studied at the biotechnical faculty in ljubljana , a lot of the professors i worked with wrote papers or pushed publishable work on students just so they could cite their older papers , so they could get a higher citation impact . 
  it was basically a circlejerk , with actual teaching being secondary to publishing self-referencing papers . 
  not saying all the professors had this attitude though ... 
  i believe a more practical indication of what kind of results slovenian students ( at least stem ) achieve would be the annual [ igem competition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_genetically_engineered_machine#competition_results ) , where the university of ljubljana has placed in the top 3 five times since 2006 . 
  and this is among universities from all over the world . 
  of course , this could mean that slovenian students overall are pretty smart , or that the few smart slovenian students are remarkably intelligent while the rest of us are morons , but i choose to believe the simplest answer : that the education here actually is pretty good . 
  where in my comment did i even begin to claim that croatia has invaded anyone ? 
  yes , it is normal to have an up to date army . 
  but every modernization/expansion of a country 's military forces is seen with skepticism by countries that do n't have the best relations with them , especially in problematic regions , and particularly in ones where the last war was less than two decades ago . 
  i 'm not saying croatia and slovenia , in my case , are enemies , but if the events of the past years are any indication ( the failed sea border arbitration , the migration crisis , the fence , numerous cultural issues ... ) then we are n't the best friends europe thinks we are , so even though croatian and slovenian politicians continue to smile and hug each other , the situation among the people is less rosy . 
  and the relations with serbia are worse . 
  the modernization is n't seen as such . 
  it 's seen as flexing croatian muscles . 
  it does n't help that the croatian leadership wants rocket launcher systems that have a range of 300 km , a clear indication that they want to shift the geopolitical power in the balkans from belgrade to zagreb . 
  it does n't help either that the croatian diplomatic response to border issues with neighboring countries often has the grace of a bull in a china shop . 
  short answer : you thought wrong . 
  american donations to croatia ( to sep 2015 ) : - communication equipment , - simulation system miles 2000 , - 50 hmmwv vehicles , - 162 m-at vehicles , - 30 maxx pro plus vehicles , - 20 mrap vehicles ( medical ) , - 10 million us dollars for the cooperation in isaf . 
  source : http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/hrvatska-vojska-gradi-borbenu-helikoptersku-eskadrilu-amerika-potvrdila-hrvatskoj-darujemo-16-helikoptera/299701/ serbian reaction : http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/svijet/srbija-pocela-utrku-u-naoruzanju-vucic-u-moskvi-od-putina-kupuje-novo-oruzje-moramo-pronaci-odgovor-na-hrvatske-balisticke-rakete/180547/ what 's most important regarding the current requests for american donations is that croatia wants 16 mlrs m270 rocket launcher systems , which have a range of 300 km , just a bit less than the distance between zagreb and belgrade . 
  the slovenian left has always been bashing the us , eu and basically everything that 's western/capitalistic , and this has had an effect on the msm and consequently on the general public . 
  however , american donations of military equipment to croatia , which can be quite aggressive in its diplomacy with neighboring countries has had an impact as well . 
  the us-croatia partnership is a counter to the russia-serbia relationship , but the arming of croatia causes discomfort in former yugoslavian countries bordering it from time to time as well . 
  edit : american donations to croatia ( to sep 2015 ) : - communication equipment , - simulation system miles 2000 , - 50 hmmwv vehicles , - 162 m-at vehicles , - 30 maxx pro plus vehicles , - 20 mrap vehicles ( medical ) , - 10 million us dollars for the cooperation in isaf . 
  source : http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/hrvatska-vojska-gradi-borbenu-helikoptersku-eskadrilu-amerika-potvrdila-hrvatskoj-darujemo-16-helikoptera/299701/ serbian reaction : http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/svijet/srbija-pocela-utrku-u-naoruzanju-vucic-u-moskvi-od-putina-kupuje-novo-oruzje-moramo-pronaci-odgovor-na-hrvatske-balisticke-rakete/180547/ what 's most important regarding the current requests for american donations is that croatia wants 16 mlrs m270 rocket launcher systems , which have a range of 300 km , just a bit less than the distance between zagreb and belgrade . 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
  italians and slovenians are natural enemies . 
  like austrians and slovenians !, 
  or germans and slovenians !, 
  or croats and slovenians !, 
  or serbs and slovenians !, 
  or right-wing slovenians and communist slovenians !, 
  damn slovenians , they ruined slovenia !, 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up ttip my name is jean-claude but u can call me t3h presiden7 of c0missi0n !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very globalist !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet globalist ppl like me ... im 62 years old ( im mature 4 my age tho !! ),
