no , people did not starve during communism . 
  ok we 're done here cya, 
  `` could 've '' yes but it did n't , because it failed everytime it was tried to be implemented . 
  horribly . 
  a system that sounds good in theory but causes mass murder and starvation everytime it is implemented is a very very bad system . 
  capitalism is not perfect but it did work atleast, 
  what is so funny friendo i speak only the truth, 
  they are more moderate , which is why i think they might do much better than afp and equally as well as le pen, 
  last election onlybthe online polls were close to guessing sds result as well . 
  the traditional polls severely underestimated them, 
  capitalism is well on its way to eradicating hunger and extreme poverty in the world . 
  it brings moral decay yes which is why i oppose it too but shit man it 's done some wonderful things, 
  sounds much more reasonable than what we did !, 
  even if we had slept on top of the bedsheets they still had to be `` aired '' each day , forcing us to wreck havoc upon our poor tidy beds so that they could inspect that all beds were indeed in chaos as we went for breakfast . 
  not nice !, 
  cool , til !, 
  turks left some cultural impact, 
  until they come for a surprise inspection during the night and you get to spend the next day remaking your bed again and again :(, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  only time will tell !, 
  i hope you find your happiness man , i am too struggling to know whether i 've found mine , 
  eh do n't worry , there will always be someone equally as stupid on the opposite gender , eventually you will find eachother < 3, 
  there are 8 million of 'em for a reason : /, 
   women come for free . 
  they sure do < 3, 
  europeans do n't have it in them to be nazis these days , if anyone is getting exterminated it is us lol, 
  not incompetent , just cowards, 
  yeah i agree that is precisely the problem . 
  let 's be real , none of our countries really lack the means to do anything . 
  it 's all about prioritizing , willpower and how to spend the money . 
  they can spend as much money as they like for ipads and macs for every student but it 's never going to work if there is no incentive to learn . 
  let 's hope it 's a trendbreak this improvement and not an anomaly, 
  hovering around the oecd average is pathetic when you throw as much money on the schools as we do , and especially considering we used to perform so well . 
  no way in hell am i having my children go through the same chaotic school environment i did, 
  to be fair though , wilders has the support of 13 % of the dutch populatoin , whilst trump has the support of almost 50 % of the american population, 
  i too want to be rich :(, 
  this would be estonias chance to rise , now that everyone is bankrupt but them !, 
  i do n't know ask a swede not me, 
  actually i have 0 swedish blood in me so i 'll continue pointing, 
  haha turkey would go bankrupt in a week, 
   and if that logic held true , then the major powerhouses in europe would have been the italian and german city-states and principates . 
  well these parts were certainly some of the most innovative parts of europe were n't they ? 
  maybe not the most militarically powerful ( due to lack of numbers ) but still the birthplace of many many important technological/cultural improvements , which is what i think mr czech republic meant, 
  most greeks would probably agree with you lol, 
  we do n't necessarily know that though , bmi does not paint the full picture, 
  interesting !, 
  i wonder if there is anywhere else in the world where flying your own flag is seen as such a faux pas disgusting culture, 
  aight that 's good then , well done french armed forces !, 
  maybe i was smelling weird :(, 
  point me to anywhere else in the world except for the west where there is such open disdain and utter contempt for everything domestic and where anything but self flagellation is looked at with enormous suspician . 
  left wing does n't mean self sabotaging . 
  soviets never hated themselves , do n't think south americans did either . 
  closest thing i can think of is the cultural revolution in china , but that was just that , a revolution from a part of the people , not a deeply ingrained cultural trait . 
  oh well , no one is going to cry when you lot disappear, 
   i guess we can measure how successful it was by a fact that hardly anyone remembers it anymore 3 years later . 
  hmm just to be sure , that 's a good thing right ? 
  west might be economically/militarily powerful but must be one of the weakest cultural entities in the world . 
  not sure if any other place has so many of its own citizens actively working against everything that would benefit their country, 
  certainly !, 
  truly a unique place of the world, 
  i have stopped trying to fit in , these people are too weird :p, 
  i actually expereinced this irl once !, 
  all these people had their bags on the seat next to them , and did n't remove them as i approached ... flabbergasted i asked one of them to remove hers , and she actually said no , cause she was getting off soon . 
  thankfully , the lady behind her was foreign so she moved her bag immediately afterwards . 
  i then proceeded to call my mother and shout to her in greek as loudly as i could just to make everything as awkward as possible, 
  haha no worries man !, 
  did you make this album yourself ? 
  it 's really sweet !, 
  ho boy that flag of fyrom surely rustled my jimmies ... 
  yeah , look at for example the conservatives in britain or the moderates in sweden , both have shifted to the right ( with mixed results ), 
  hahah i understood this so much better than when an actual dane speaks, 
  of course they do , i thought you were aware of this lol ? 
  not everyone in the netherlands is loyal to the netherlands . 
  nothing weird really, 
  oh boo hoo you were occupied for what , like 15 minutes ? 
  heh , spent way too long on that website . 
  thanks !, 
  53 days `` floyddit dick eating bet on french election . '', 
   fascism i really think westerners should live under fascism/communism or get genocided some time . 
  i really really want you to . 
  maybe then you 'd fuck off with your hyperbole, 
  what 's a cetnik ? 
  i 'm a greek diaspora lel idgaf about balkan wars i just like trigering turks, 
  fuck yeah baby that 's the life, 
  [ here you go m ` gentlesir ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/religious-projections-2010-2050/ ) the age of western europe is thankfully coming to an end . 
  you 're not having any babies , you 're being outbred and with that , your lifestyle . 
  that 's kind of why we like him ... 
  muhammad for sure existed though . 
  and this attitude is so arrogant and western it makes me want to claw my eyes out . 
  who the hell do you think you are ? 
  do you think it matters to muslims today whether or not you respect them , or think discussing religion is relevant to the modern world ? 
  they ( along with us believing christians ) will just ignore you and continue discussing these subjects . 
  all you are doing is excluding yourself from a topic that will become more and more important in the following years . 
  atheism is on the decrease worldwide and we are entering an age of religious revival . 
  no one really gives a fuck about western europeans , you are insignificant in the grand scheme of things, 
  history kinda points us in that direction , 
  and here i thought atleast chp were the sane voice of turkey ... 
  the swedish cowardly dogs of course let the turks do their fascism here aswell . 
  there are towns you would be the majority man , stop living in some alternate reality , you wo n't get beat up by some neo nazi skinhead gang in the netherlands of all places ... 
  neither is croatia , slovenia or bulgaria .
