  i 'm sure that will go down well in serbia . 
  there are no borders between slovakia and sweden . 
  if you do n't like one , you can easily travel to the other . 
  you can be both a refugee and an economic migrant - an example might be if you are a libyan living on the border with egypt , and decide to head north rather than east . 
  i assume you would then proceed to kick out the netherlands , then ireland and so on , as each in turn became the one with the laxest tax regime . 
  that rule seems to be enforced selectively . 
  clearly not all of russia , india and china is a war zone that must be abandoned for europe , making this map fairly irrelevant to the argument . 
   africa is not safe or secure africa is a big place , and most of it is not a war zone . 
  the only requirement to be an elected representative should be to be elected . 
  [ their manifesto ] ( http://www.libdems.org.uk/european_election_manifesto_2014 ) sounds mixed on the eu - whilst they have lots of things they like about it , they want to : - `` strengthen the role of the westminster parliament in scrutinising eu legislation '' - `` reform the eu to cut waste '' - `` reduce unnecessary european union regulatory costs , which particularly hit smaller businesses . '', 
  - `` ensure that the european arrest warrant is not used for petty crimes and minor offences and so that it can be refused where there is a possibility that a defendant 's rights could be violated . '', 
  - they also boast of how they `` helped cut the european union budget by # 30 billion '', 
  i do n't think we will ever be able to say whether more libyans would have died if we had n't intervened than if we had . 
  gaddafi was murderous , but is this civil war more or less murderous than the one against him that we helped to end ? 
  if there is no documentation , why would the country we determine to be their original one accept them back ? 
  we would n't accept someone just because they had a cockney accent . 
  it 's bizarre that countries with open borders with italy are not contributing to italian border security . 
  these missisons really should be a pan-schengen effort . 
  i do n't think we will ever join the euro either , but when you look back at history it is amazing to see how close we came ... but for black wednesday , where would we be now ? 
   personally i 'd want britain in the eu , but not this britain in it 's tory-right wing anti-integrationist stance . 
  i do n't think any major party here is integrationist any more - ukip want to leave , the conservatives want significantly less eu , whilst labour , the greens and the lib dems want the status quo with some minor reforms . 
  he 's doing himself a disservice by failing to rule it out . 
  ukip are down to get < 5 mps , so it 's unlikely they would be any use anyway . 
  on economic issues we are usually on the opposite side to france - they are more protectionist whilst we are more into free trade . 
  it would n't make sense to team up with them against ~ ~ france ~ ~ germany . 
  our last one was dunblane in 1996 , after which we banned hand guns . 
   all countries that ever engaged in the slave trade should offer a sincere and highly official apology - there is hardly a worse crime . 
  i 'm not sure it would really mean anything at this point - a lot of people whose ancestors were enslaved are now citizens of the countries that would be apologising , whilst the countries that would be receiving the apology may even have been the ones who enslaved the victims in the first place . 
  we felt threatened by german expansionism , we did n't declare war out of the goodness of our heart - else we 'd have declared war after kristallnacht or the invasion of the sudetenland . 
  i 'd go with the australian approach of legitimate refugees being settled somewhere safe but poor ( with financial incentives for the country taking them ) , removing the incentive of crossing in the first place . 
  i gave two options , i 'll put you down on the list of people supporting the ferry . 
  we did n't fight nazi germany for being barbaric or inhumane ... 
  it 's over 120 miles to sicily from lampedusa , i ca n't imagine the bodies would make it that far . 
  our queen is very popular , even the republicans seem to accept there is no point trying to end the monarchy whilst she is alive . 
  they generally want to wait for the next lot , charles and camilla , who are much less popular - they had an affair whilst he was married to his late wife , and he 's a bit of an outspoken fruitcake . 
  the next two generations after them get a better press , as they are a photogenic young couple with a baby , one of whom is a helicopter rescue pilot . 
  if we want to stop this we should either operate a ferry service to italy , or remove the possibility of undocumented migrants who cross the mediterranean receiving asylum in europe . 
  anything else will just result in more and more people drowning , and nobody wants that . 
   the problem is , that during the cold war poland and others from the soviet block have been portrayed as the `` bad '' guys . 
  i 've never encountered that here , usually poland is described as having escaped from russian control . 
  presumably his skills as a moderator were more important than the location of his ip address . 
  the incentive will be that those people will still be dying . 
  greece is free to democratically choose either to accept the troika 's deal or to reject it . 
  democracy does n't extend to being able to choose the negotiating position of non-governmental entities . 
   a government who actually kept their promises to their people many of the spending promises have already been broken , in order to keep to the promise of remaining in the euro by avoiding default . 
  i 'm sure they are trying , but many of the promises they made were beyond their control . 
  morocco is n't even in the african union due to its occupation of western sahara , i ca n't see it being let into the european union . 
  ceuta and melila may prove problematic with spain as well . 
  `` european values '' may be a fairly vague term , but i do n't think even its strongest proponents suggest it refers to values held solely by those west of istanbul and the volga . 
  they could call their country england despite being descended from martians for all it matters , what their country is called is up to them . 
  it should n't really matter to anyone else . 
  if you do n't like their decision then make up some other name and call them that , but there 's no reason to make such a big deal out of it . 
  we manage perfectly fine with ireland naming itself after the entire island , despite the fact that a chunk of that island is part of the uk . 
  these slots will only be used by a very small number of people in a select few countries , and pose a security risk to the half billion of us who are not rehabilitating drink drivers . 
  compulsory regulations should be kept to important safety features , like the emergency braking mentioned earlier in the article . 
  tiny nuts do not necessarily need the eu 's big hammers . 
  trying to find better solutions is great , but unfortunately those solutions will come too late for many people . 
  living a short life filled with unbearable agony may sometimes be worse than a painless death . 
  [ human ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human ) is the name of our species , i do n't think your stage of development changes your species . 
  i 'd personally say abortion is permissible when a foetus is incapable of surviving on its own ( ~ 22 weeks ) . 
  my probably illogical reasoning is that a woman should be able to withdraw life support ( the services her body provides ) from the foetus much as she could choose to withdraw medical treatment for herself . 
  i find early abortions fairly easy to justify , especially when the foetus is less sentient than some of the things we are happy to eat for dinner . 
  post natal abortion may be an awful abuse of english , but i do n't think murder is the best word to replace it - surely that would be euthanasia ? 
  there is a difference , though of course you may call that murder too . 
   post-natal abortion that 's called euthanasia , is n't it ? 
   although obama has said , like most intelligent people , that austerity is n't the answer . 
  everyone knows that , but unless someone wants to put their hand into their pocket there is no alternative bar a default . 
  polling of scotland shows similar attitudes to the eu as in england . 
   [ while scots are 9 per cent less likely to want to leave the eu , those in england and wales are actually more likely to want to increase the eu 's powers or work towards the formation of a single european government than scots . 
  majorities in both england and scotland want to remain in the eu ] ( http://may2015.com/ideas/the-myth-of-scottish-exceptionalism/ ), 
  i do n't think it was a design flaw - i think it was a plan to push integration . 
  most countries would have rejected monetary , fiscal and political union if they had been proposed as one package , but now they are stuck in a monetary union there does n't seem to be an alternative that is n't economically ruinous . 
   the commenter above said that the euro crisis has to do with the problem of `` monetary union without political union '' , which obviously is not something that is greece 's fault . 
  why is that not greece 's fault ? 
  it freely chose to join the euro . 
  wikipedia says that of the arab countries , iraq is top with 63,000 people born there living in the uk . 
  next is egypt with 29,000 , then saudi arabia with 26,000 . 
  it 's not very many compared to the 729,000 born in india , 646,000 born in poland or 465,000 born in pakistan . 
  it 's a bit different , as monetary transactions do n't need to be completely anonymous nor limited to once per person . 
  how does england manage to recognise it but not the uk ? 
  nobody represents england specifically . 
  the un groups israel with western europe as they are n't too popular in their own neighbourhood . 
  nato would n't like it , but i do n't know if they 'd declare war in response . 
  that sort of commitment needs to be reciprocal or the whole thing collapses . 
  i 'd imagine there are very few users outside of nus types , i 've never heard anyone use it in real life . 
  i 'd have guessed it sounded like `` she '' , but that would defeat the purpose . 
  google suggests it sounds like `` ze '' , as well as giving a load of other crazy pronouns , like `` spivak '' , `` ve '' and `` ne '' . 
  estuary english ? 
  it sounds quite like [ this person ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkiakcu7hme ) i just found on youtube , though she pronounces thought like i 'd say fought . 
  none of my grandparents came from the south-east though , so my use of `` they '' may not be from here . 
  of course you can . 
  we do n't produce a much low-end manufacturing any more anyway , because even with tariffs it is cheaper to import it . 
  a free trade agreement helps us sell our high-end goods and makes buying their low-end ones cheaper . 
  i 've always used it , and i 've never met anyone who 's into all that xe nonsense . 
  i do n't know if they are male or female , so i would use `` they '' to refer to slyratchet . 
  i 've always used it , and to be honest it was n't out of respect for anyone not wanting to be she/he , it 's just how i talk . 
  i might refer to a singular patient as `` they 've broken their arm '' or a singular baby as `` they 're crying again '' or a singular shopper as `` they 're trying to shoplift '' and so on , even if i know the gender . 
  estonia meets the 2 % of gdp spent on military goal , so i guess they 've just worked out a better way of spending their limited resources . 
  it 's not like one tank , one boat and one aircraft is going to be cost effective or useful against the russian military , so they 've probably invested the money elsewhere . 
  rugby might even be above football in wales , but i 'm no expert .
