  how can we see how the meps voted ? 
  i never see anyone report the breakdown of the votes , making it difficult to hold anyone accountable for what the ep does . 
  the only thing i can find on the eu parliament 's website is out of date :  [ the text approved by the legal affairs committee still needs to be endorsed by parliament as a whole . 
  a plenary vote is scheduled for 9 july ( tbc ) . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20150615ipr66497/html/eu-copyright-reform-must-balance-rightholders%e2%80%99-and-users%e2%80%99-interests-say-meps ), 
  south america seems to manage without intracontinental wars or international unions . 
  yes , i would n't normally use the term `` peoples '' , and i recognise it is solely a mental concept rather than an actual thing . 
  the truth is though that people living in country x care more about the citizens of country x than they do about those in country y. 
  we can see that by simply looking at spending by rich countries on international aid - if we cared about citizens of other countries as much as our own we would be sending poor ones a lot more than ~ 1 % of gdp . 
  albania is a big fan of the usa . 
  you do n't need a union to prevent war with your neighbours , you just need stable democracies . 
   between the european peoples i think that is the problem - democracy means `` the rule of the people '' but there are multiple peoples in europe , so there need to be multiple democracies . 
  i think a british company was preparing to print them in 2012 :  [ de la rue plc , a u.k. company that prints notes for more than 150 countries , is already preparing for a reintroduction of the drachma , the london-based times newspaper said on may 18 . 
  the company has asked production staff to choose potential security threads for use in new banknotes and has retrieved covers from an old collection of copper molds , used for watermarks , the newspaper said , citing people it did n't name . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-05-22/war-gaming-greek-euro-exit-highlights-hazards-in-46-hour-weekend ), 
  the uk and ireland have less of an incentive than schengen countries to guard the schengen external border , because we have another line of security between that and ourselves , whereas schengen countries do not . 
  the same logic would have the uk help ireland guard its borders if needed , so as to prevent unwanted persons entering belfast from dublin , say . 
  you can have a war between religious groups that is not caused by religion - northern ireland is a fight between british and irish identity , rather than any sort of theological matter . 
  schengen countries should be sharing the duties of managing their external border . 
  no obstacle will keep everyone out , but any obstacle will keep some people out - for most it 's not europe or death by any stretch of the imagination . 
   blaming anyone for it is idiotic . 
  other than the two countries who invaded poland , of course . 
  we definitely did the horrors of british india and the slave trade , but we also had to fit in stuff about china , germany , france , the industrial revolution and so on , so there was n't time to cover everywhere in the empire that suffered . 
  no , as a measure of structural deficit . 
   advancement of the group rather than individual rights how about :  you shall not covet your neighbor 's house . 
  you shall not covet your neighbor 's wife , or his male or female servant , his ox or donkey , or anything that belongs to your neighbor . 
  there is so much contradictory stuff in the bible you can read it any way you want . 
  this is structural deficit , not net borrowing : [ greece ] ( http://assets.bwbx.io/images/io2ef3bemz8q/v1/-1x-1.jpg ) [ uk ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/73120000/jpg/_73120909_79c9df04-da5a-4767-b2f6-7009cbcbc091.jpg ), 
  that 's true , just implied it by listing every other major religion . 
   let me remind you that at the same time , britain had a similar budget deficit because it used the money to bail out banks . 
  ours was just over 8 % of gdp - not over 18 % of gdp - and it is n't comparable as we know we are always going to be good for the money , as we are in control of our own currency . 
  you appear to have mentioned islam before he did ... 
  as people do n't seem to want a transfer union , maybe the answer is not to have a shared currency . 
  every other country in europe seems to manage to pay for those things without running a structural deficit of over 18 % of gdp . 
  it 's too late to change the rules for greece , they will go bust before any treaties can be re-written . 
  the 20th century creditors could control what was happening with their money , the 21st century creditors can not . 
  northern ireland is n't about the supremacy of the pope or whether or not to have fancy decorations in churches , it is about whether northern ireland is british or irish . 
  maybe they are counting on it being rejected - that way they can say they tried everything possible and more . 
  was n't germany occupied and administered by the allies at the time ? 
  the solution to bad rules is to change them , not to break them - else there is no point having rules in the first place . 
  if the rules can be broken when it is convenient there may as well be no rules in the first place . 
  if the rules do n't work , the solution is to change them , not break them . 
  do you really think scotland is going to have lots of police shootings rather than northern ireland ... ? 
  i can find this in the guardian :  [ between them , seven countries -- or one-quarter of the eu -- fielded more than three-quarters of asylum applications . 
  most fail . 
  but although 425,000 claims were denied in 2013 , ** less than 40 % of those failures resulted in deportation ** . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/20/mediterranean-migrant-crisis-no-european-migration-policy ), 
  if it becomes an issue we can freeze it down to a level that is better suited . 
  as it is , we can probably afford it . 
  we gained almost 120,000 jobs in the past 3 months , so losing 60,000 will still see employment rising . 
  yes , probably - i 'd imagine cameron would get a domestic boost if he threatened to veto all eu expansion if we did n't get what we wanted from the eu renegotiations . 
  i think we can handle it - employment is at an all time high , and unemployment is the second lowest in the eu . 
  the estimates are that this measure will increase 6,000,000 salaries whilst ending 60,000 jobs - so i think it is probably worth it on balance . 
  as far as i can tell they 've not fiddled the figures , but they are being extra-careful to count every last penny that could possibly fall within the rules . 
  the independent statistics office are predicting 60,000 job losses , or 0.2 % of those currently employed . 
  there is likely a net benefit to the population , though that is no consolidation if you are one of those 60,000 . business is n't complaining as they got a reduction in corporation tax from 20 % to 18 % ( and a few other things ) in return . 
  if you want to buy a house then the uk may not be the best choice - according to the news , average prices just increased to over # 200,000 ( $ 278,000 ), 
  british public opinion is probably against serbia joining the eu , given all the fuss there was about bulgaria and romania . 
  it could be handy for the government if they could delay serbian accession with such a domestically inoffensive gesture . 
  you did get bunged cornish minority language status and discounted energy bills from the lib dems in the last parliament . 
  i think ours is - they also helped with security for the olympics . 
  europe is an arbitrary piece of eurasia . 
  if you want it to be geographically accurate , we can all be western eurasians . 
  that 's great , thanks . 
  very interesting . 
  one useful tool might be to be able to group flairs by country - so we could put bavarians with germans and so on to see which country comes out on top . 
   pay the fucking money or stop pretending you care about human rights . 
  i think the second option would win - if we cared about human rights , we would have already cut spending to the bone to fund healthcare in sub-saharan africa . 
  that money did n't come without strings - such as adopting eu standards , opening the market to eu competition and so on . 
  accepting refugees that arrive in italy was not one of those conditions . 
   we are not going to pack our bags and return to our countries and be bunch of tiny irrelevant countries in the world scene . 
  obviously in the world of rising china , dominant usa and aggressive russia 500 million people would be better united . 
  if you want to be the next usa , russia or china then i would rather we did n't join in . 
  the 2005 election gave an even larger majority with only 35.2 % of the vote - it 's not a new phenomenon . 
  that graph makes a drop of 15 % look like a drop of 90 % . 
  yep !, 
  it was out hottest july day ever - things tend ( ed ? ), 
  not to get as high as 40c here . 
  i think the general opinion is that you have to leave the eu if you leave the eurozone , though until that is tested we ca n't know either way . 
  feel free , i hear you can get a good deal on greek bonds if you have money to burn . 
  debt may need to be written off , but it is still the fault of previous greek governments that the situation got so bad in the first place . 
  it seemed to me that the key event was him visiting mecca rather than the arguments with his classmates :  `` i did n't know much about my religion . 
  it was like i had left it in somalia . 
   `` when we came back i was happy and i was a new person with a religious identity . 
  i saw the world differently . 
  i saw that it was important for a person to have a connection with his god , i saw that there was an afterlife . '', 
  it 's bad here too - our roads are melting !, 
   it 's almost as if people that you accept and reach out to do n't turn on you . 
  how do you reach that conclusion from this article ? 
  the programme 's success appears to come from changing the minds of disaffected muslims , not by making danish society more accepting . 
   how the fuck is this somethign acceptable for a foreign authority representative to say about the government of another country ? 
  if you do n't want other countries to interfere with your democracy , do n't share a currency with them . 
  it 's a fairly useless table , a more useful one would be jihadists per 1m muslims . 
  being able to make threats is part of free speech , but we do n't allow people to make threats because we do n't believe freedom of speech is an absolute right . 
   that perspective to me doesn \u00b4 t make sense because without reforms , no matter how much stimulus you pour into a sick economy , grow won \u00b4 t happen of course it will - if you paid everyone huge salaries to dig holes and then fill them in again , gdp would soar . 
  it does n't mean it would make sense to do that though . 
  has n't this been known for a while ? 
  i thought litvinenko was assassinated for helping us work all this out . 
  to dissuade germany from invading , why do you think ? 
  that 's true , but i would assume those circumstances would be acceptable to the electorate - say if the situation changed dramatically between holding the referendum and implementing the result .
