  that argument would make the uk a dictatorship too , as our head of state ( the queen ) is not elected . 
  i do agree with you , just not with that exact line of argument . 
  the 1981 census found close to no monolingual welsh speakers ; i ca n't imagine there are a significant number left 35 years later . 
  a big problem seems to be the echr ruling :  following verdicts from the european court for human rights , taking people into custody prior to deportation is no longer allowed . 
  it was a good department that got good grades , but the topics seemed to vary within and between years - there were posters on the walls about the civil war , we just did n't cover it in our class . 
  we did do the poetry in english - we just did n't cover it in history . 
  gross immigration is currently at about 1 % of the population each year . 
  nobody arrives in switzerland or denmark for safety - neither country borders anywhere dangerous . 
  the topics covered seem to depend on where and when you were at school , and on what your history teacher fancied covering that year . 
  i never did anything on the english civil war , acts of union , ireland or wwi , but did cover hitler , the chinese communist party , the blitz , henry viii , nazi germany , crime and punishment , slavery , ancient egypt , british india and all english history prior to 1100 . 
  wwii related stuff was very popular , and seemed to come up every other year . 
   revered war hero to the british not really - i studied history to gcse ( aged 16 ) , and he 's not even mentioned . 
  they would see you as a legitimate refugee in ( say ) turkey but an illegitimate economic migrant in ( say ) germany . 
  a poor quality of life ca n't qualify you for refugee status or half the planet would qualify . 
  if you find refuge but then continue to somewhere richer should n't you count as both ? 
  well , sweden did n't !, 
  if you never attempted imperfect fixes to problems then you would never attempt to fix any problem . 
   so what is the solution to this ? 
  kick eastern europeans out and force danes to work ? 
  the jobs would n't stay empty if there were n't eastern europeans - the wages would have to rise , then people would be willing to carry them out . 
  hard left ( and right ) parties tend to be more friendly with anti-western regimes , such as iran . 
  our new far-left shadow chancellor , for instance , is chairman of `` hands off the people of iran '' which opposes the sanctions over their nuclear programme . 
  spaniards have suffered , but at least they still have toilet paper . 
  i think limiting it to citizens is the only way it could work , but that 's illegal under eu law . 
  i ca n't see fascism as [ one of the ideologies listed on their wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_and_justice ) . 
  are you sure it is n't you who is the one that is fearmongering ? 
   - national conservatism  - social conservatism  - national clericalism  - euroscepticism  - economic nationalism, 
  it 's a conservative magazine that 's been around since 1828 . 
  i 'd imagine the ones being talked about would , but there are some that would n't . 
  an intermediate step could be removal of eu voting rights , but that would have to be by unanimous decision ( other than the country it was targeted at , of course ) . 
  unless a candidate is literally insane or a criminal , people will mostly vote for the party they prefer regardless of who they run . 
  that 's why they were originally made holidays , but is no longer why they are holidays . 
  most people in the uk are not religious any more . 
  i have no knowledge of that person 's arguments or detroit , but it may be a reference to politics at a national or state level , rather than the city level . 
  the longer he waits the more likely we will vote out , as dissatisfaction with the government tends to both increase with time and correlate with them being defeated in referendums . 
   the massive amounts of propaganda that is fed to the british public if you want pro-eu spin you can read a pro-eu newspaper , if you want anti-eu spin you can read an anti-eu newspaper . 
  nobody is being fed this stuff , they are buying it for themselves . 
  the article lists the peak as when wing supplied 48 % of electricity demand , but what was the trough ? 
  google says there is an `` english oak '' , which might be his reference . 
  i 'm guessing that name varies from country to country though . 
   the fact that there 's still free movement means that schengen is n't broken . 
  you need to bring an id and that should be fine . 
  you are not restricted in any way . 
  by that logic the uk and ireland are in schengen . 
   that 's assuming they do n't revert to their historical default of near constant mutual slaughter . 
  an optimistic assumption to say the least . 
  it does n't happen between countries in north or south america , i do n't think it would happen between the current eu member states . 
  claiming your opponents `` hate brown people '' is how some people try to shut down others who want less immigration . 
  it does n't have to be based on anything factual . 
  apparently , if you stand below the cliffs at dover it often thinks you are in france . 
  under eu law you are already allowed to deport citizens of other eu countries who have been out of work for three months , it is not romania 's fault if you fail to do so . 
   also , why is this in the `` middle east '' section ? 
  it 's about french people doing french things in france . 
  i 'd imagine you would get a lot of red cheeks if you could ask them that directly . 
  english law is often used internationally as it has quite a good reputation . 
  look at south america - lots of stable democracies and no major intra-continental war ( only [ one minor one lasting one month ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cenepa_war ) ) since wwii . 
  there is no political union in south america or north america . 
   have people forgotten what europe was before the eu , with centuries of constant wars , borders everywhere and fractured markets ? 
  correlation is not causation . 
  since wwii , proper democracies have n't had a major war on * any * continent , political union and single market or not . 
  might be serbia , i heard that one in the news . 
  is n't this roughly the same as a graph of population density ? 
  population density is a big part of it - the four eu states with the highest population densities are all in the bottom five for renewables . 
  very probably in 2016 , but it wo n't be in april/may/june , as that would interfere with elections in london and scotland . 
  relying on england when there is no wind may in practice just end up shifting scotland 's base-load supplying reliable-but-dirty power plants south of the border . 
  a second problem is that with some renewables , supply does n't peak when demand does - sometimes to such an extent that [ prices have to go negative ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-power-prices-idusbrea080s120140109 ) . 
  the first refers to `` electricity generated in scotland '' whereas the second refers to `` its electricity '' . 
  the former includes stuff they send to us down in england when it is windy , the latter does not . 
   you ca n't go shutting down events because of a terror threat every week . 
  that is letting the terrorists win . 
  `` in breaking news , islamic state have declared victory over the west after their successful efforts to cancel the yearly firework display in brussels . '', 
  `` sources in syria and iraq say militants are laying down arms and no longer working towards the establishment of a successful islamic caliphate , hitherto thought to be their primary objective . '', 
  the jobs/benefits thing is n't contradictory , most of our benefits go to people in work ( housing benefit , child benefit , tax credits etc ) . 
  gdp per capita is actually surprisingly high in belfast - here it 's listed above any danish , swedish , austrian or dutch regions , for instance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oecd_regions_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  nato does n't cover the south atlantic , so that is n't relevant for the falklands . 
  i think france is pulling its weight - they are involved in several african nations , are very active in syria and are close to meeting the 2 % nato defence target . 
  not really any more - they are fairly broke and are now a democracy . 
  the biggest threat to the falklanders is probably the leader of our opposition party . 
  two factors - they learn irish instead , and english is so much more widely understood than other languages it makes learning another one less valuable to native english speakers . 
  hot winters and cold summers make fewer headlines because they do n't give us the same extremes of temperature as cold winters or hot summers . 
  only afghanistan was expected ( due to the usa activating the self-defence clause in the wake of 9/11 ) ; the others were up to members to join - france was n't involved in iraq , for instance . 
  mission ** s ** ? 
  there 's only been afghanistan . 
  that 's illegal under eu law . 
  you have to treat permanent residents from other eu states the same as locals . 
  i was n't aware of that , thanks . 
  the money for doing that should have been deducted from better together , and likewise for anything equivalent done by the snp . 
   anyway , mas did it again . 
  everything he touches breaks in two halves . 
  other than spain it would seem , somewhat ironically . 
  possibly because : - ten people standing in front of a tree is not really a news story - it 's not in english - it does n't actually make a difference to anyone - it 's `` local news '' , which is often used as grounds for removal, 
  i do n't think so . 
  in the run up to a referendum or election , even policy announcements are banned . 
   purdah is the pre-election period in the united kingdom , specifically the time between an announced election and the final election results . 
  the time period prevents central and local government from making announcements about any new or controversial government initiatives ( such as modernisation initiatives or administrative and legislative changes ) which could be seen to be advantageous to any candidates or parties in the forthcoming election . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purdah_ ( pre-election_period ), 
  whilst russian oligarchs help , i doubt they make a huge difference . 
  residential property in london alone ( [ $ 2.2 t ] ( http://www.cityam.com/206949/uk-house-prices-total-value-uk-property-hits-58tn ) ) is worth more than the entire russian gdp ( [ $ 1.9 t ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp ) ) . 
  it is because i do n't know that i assume no effect .
