  it 's equivalent to 1 in 68 british jews being harassed per decade, 
  i agree , i was just giving the statistics, 
   the uk police has killed exactly how many minority people in the uk during the past decade ? 
  [ 10 unlawful killings since 1990 ] ( http://www.inquest.org.uk/statistics/bame-deaths-in-police-custody ) , and 11 * shot * dead ( many lawfully ) in the same period . 
  i suppose that as it abolishes most border controls , schengen somewhat levels down gun controls to those of the laxest member state . 
  you are massively more likely to be murdered than be murdered for being jewish ( given that the latter generally does not happen in the uk ) . 
  if you are afraid of that in the uk then you are irrational . 
  i ca n't find a single news report of that happening in the past decade . 
  israel has plenty of them . 
  which northern european parties do you think are as extreme as golden dawn ? 
  if you are scared of being murdered , it would be somewhat irrational to move from the uk ( 1.0 murders per 100,000 people ) to israel ( 1.7 ) the usa ( 4.7 ) , canada ( 1.6 ) or latin america ( 3.6 to 84.6 ), 
  we do n't really have gun sports here . 
  our olympic shooting team has to practice in switzerland . 
  being an island does nothing if your laws are lax in the first place . 
  are you giving the view of an independent court , or just doing what i did from another point of view ? 
   article 310 of the 1982 convention specifies that `` such statements and declarations can not exclude or modify the legal effect of the provisions of the convention '' in their application . 
  it could just mean that our gun laws are actually somewhat effective . 
  i googled it , and apparently gibraltar 's waters actually border international waters to the east . 
  you can then either continue east into the mediterranean , or skirt around ceuta 's spanish waters to the south to get to morocco . 
  there is no chance of an invasion . 
  the worst case scenario is a blockade , the worst likely scenario is greatly increased harassment in the sea and punitive border controls on the land, 
   just remembered that i 've never seen a yougov poll that was n't significantly more ` far-right ' than most other polls . 
  they predicted 4 % less for leave and 1 % less for ukip than reality , might it be the other polls that are wrong ? 
   i think that countries would probably not have been willing to join the eu without the existence of article 50 . 
  article 50 came into force in 2009 , we joined in 1973 . 
  if you imagine the financial crisis as a meteor impact on a graph of gdp , there has been an overall positive growth trend since the bottom of the crater ( the end of recession in mid 2009 ) rather than since reaching the rim ( the point in 2013 at which we surpassed the gdp of 2007 ) . 
  the last figures i saw showed an increase from 5,000 to 6,000 ** reports ** in one month . 
   but there can hardly be a longer period of time than the mentioned three and a half years given the aftermath of 2008/2010 . 
  six years ? 
  i do n't remember much happening in the uk in 2013 that is so bad to compare against . 
  their military wing probably is . 
   the extreme right claims that all muslims are terrorists ( which is dumb given that on a global scale muslim victims outnumber non-muslim ones at least 10 to 1 ) it 's a dumb claim , but that factoid does n't explain why . 
  when hezbollah fights al nusra that gives you a lot of dead muslims but does n't stop both sides being considered terrorists . 
   ford has already slashed some 5,700 eu jobs in the last five years after closing two of its uk plants and one in belgium . 
  clearly this could n't have been on the cards anyway , even without brexit . 
  having a big population just means there are more people who ca n't be counted as international tourists . 
  international tourism to france is much easier than to the usa , as france has a lot more people living just beyond its borders . 
  at the edge of the range it might be 40 % eu not uk , 43 % uk not eu . 
   even when asked if they would rather stay in the eu but leave the uk , 46 percent of the 1,006 respondents said they wanted to remain in the uk and only 37 percent preferred scotland becoming an independent nation within the bloc . 
  polls will be what tells us how scots feel , time may change it . 
  if the uk leaves the eu single market , scotland in the eu would be on the other side of the eu 's external border . 
   i 'm willing to bet that if the brexit deal does n't have freedom of movement or access to the eea then the trend will shift toward independence . 
  surely in that scenario , leaving the uk to join the eu would see no freedom of movement with the uk or access to the uk market ? 
  i think that would decrease the appetite for independence rather than increase it . 
   not shitty 1000 people polls . 
  1000 people selected randomly is enough to be reputable , with results accurate to + / - 3 % . 
  the x % of the budget we provide for them presumably will though . 
  at a tangent : will all eu agencies be shrinking by x % to reflect a smaller eu ? 
  when it comes down to it i think being part of sterlingzone , the cta and the uk single market will be seen as preferable to joining the euro , schengen and the eu single market . 
  the former set are all more obvious in every day life , more important for the scottish economy , have been around for longer , are more popular generally and are fully completed . 
  project fear has won a majority in scotland twice now , why would n't it win a third time given it seems to have been proven right with brexit ? 
  from the point of view of the government at the time , neither was the brexit referendum . 
  so long as `` ever closer union '' is in the treaties then it is n't crap to assume that is what will eventually happen . 
   trade has been a european competence for decades , so i do n't get your point . 
  that sovereignty was surrendered ages ago . 
  ireland has not given up its veto over new trade deals yet . 
  wikipedia says they did give a warning , but cut it too fine/gave too little information : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birmingham_pub_bombings#the_bombings, 
  no - just that in the depth of the union , the uk is a much deeper than the eu . 
  it would n't have taken all scottish leave voters . 
   there are no internal transfers the 25 % welsh deficit is n't an internal transfer ? 
  if money is used as a synonym of caring , then westminster does care more . 
  internal transfers within the uk are massively greater than eu spending . 
  i 'm not saying that is a fault with either though . 
  i said clean russians should n't be banned ... 
  scottish leave voters won it for leave - had they been remain then remain would have won . 
   of course that would n't appeal to scotland or ireland without scottish leave voters , remain would have won !, 
  it did appeal to them , just to a lesser degree due to lower levels of immigration and an alternative outlet for nationalism . 
  the uk is less of a union than the eu ? 
  a radar is useless if it picks up tens of thousands of people , none of whom can be imprisoned or deported . 
  if the russian state is involved in cheating then russia the country should be banned . 
  the clean russian athletes could still compete as neutrals under the olympic flag . 
  there are enough of them to deprive the government of a majority - they will have to be listened to . 
  how does that work when macedonia and turkey are both full members without open borders ? 
  and then what happens after 7 years ? 
  this might be both too generous for other eu states and not good enough for leave voters . 
  only 2-19 , or does it also protect itself ? 
  the eternity clause of the german one , i think . 
   compared to the 5 or so threads from multiple right wing subreddits / r/all , all with 3-6k upvotes , yes this is barely any traction . 
  3200 upvotes, 
   now that we know there 's no link to isis : this thread barely gains any traction . 
  1220 upvotes, 
  apparently he was iranian ethnicity, 
  that 's not the impression i got , though maybe i just read different news to most people . 
  i 'm not sure that narrative is the same in europe as in the usa - every time there is an islamist attack we get told how they were mentally ill and/or not a true muslim , but when there is a far right attack it gets blamed on right wing populism . 
  i think the primary reason for allowing the border to be in calais is that making it easier to travel from calais will just encourage more people to go there in the first place . 
  * anyone in the civil service , and anyone working in leave cabinet members ' departments, 
  the explanation is that the government purposefully made sure we were n't prepared for one of the possible outcomes of the referendum , because they wanted to increase the perceived risk in order to ensure their side won . 
  i 'm not saying the two should be comparable , just that bringing up past experience of being ruled from afar is not the best argument for the eu . 
  nobody here wants britain to be to the eu what northern ireland is/was to the uk . 
  i 'm not sure bringing us up is a great idea - lest you invoke comparisons between london and brussels . 
  the repayment terms are such that it is still effectively free if you never earn more than ~ # 20k/year , and most people will never repay the whole amount . 
  people keep saying that but never have statistics to support it . 
  london subsidises northern ireland by # 11b net versus # 0.5 b gross from the eu , and sends # 15b net to wales versus # 0.5 b gross from the eu . 
  it 's the primary thing british politicians have to spend when almost everything else is devolved . 
  if anything i think scottish independence is less likely now - it would mean a hard border with the rest of the uk and a legal commitment to euro membership - whereas leaving whilst the uk was in the eu could have seen them possibly retain our opt outs . 
  people always get the scale of these subsidies completely wrong . 
  they get ~ # 0.5 b gross from the eu , and # 11b net from the uk . 
  massive cuts then . 
  we do n't subsidise northern ireland to be nice , but to pacify the fighting . 
  your figures show it 's not neglected - it gets tons of money !,
