  they do have the power to set their own asylum policy , though it would require them to leave the eu . 
  nothing , it 's just [ not as good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi#list ) to be an american as it is to be from one of the other countries that i listed . 
  could it just be that people get tired of a constant news story so the media moves on ? 
  syria and ukraine stories come in waves , then there is a lull in coverage until the next big thing happens . 
  would you rather be chinese/american/russian or from a `` small , fractioned '' country like denmark , sweden , norway , belgium , ireland or the netherlands ? 
  in practice too - the private sector runs my local hospitals mri scanner , private sector pharmacies distribute private sector drugs for free in wales , my private sector gp surgery sees me for free and so on . 
  turkey is in the customs union , it 's no more an eu thing than schengen is . 
   ireland is technically not recognized as foreign in the uk . 
  neither are members of the commonwealth though , so it 's not particularly unusual . 
  they can all vote here , and have `` high commissions '' rather than embassies . 
  i wonder if they will even be able to make tvs to meet the standards if they stop cheating . 
  it 's important to remember that healthcare being free at the point of use and having a privatised healthcare system are n't mutually exclusive though . 
  they have surprisingly little impact - the real reason is constrained supply ( green belts , planning restrictions ) and rapidly increasing demand ( huge amounts of immigration , smaller household sizes ) . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21667973-britain-has-one-booming-market-could-do-crash-through-roof ) ), 
  it limits much of london to the old ( bought before the boom ) , the poor ( paid for through our # 20 billion spent on housing benefit ) , the filthy rich ( self-explanatory ) and migrants ( living in illegal conditions ) . 
  we 're so high because of housing - the average property in london ( population : 8.6 million ) is now worth over $ 600,000 . 
  ideally every undocumented person would be deported back to the last safe country , until everyone was in the first safe country they entered . 
  there would then be no reason to risk your life crossing dangerous rivers , mountains , seas or borders because there would be no chance of it making a difference . 
  we could then all redirect our aid to those countries , and resettle those most in need rather than those who know the best people smugglers . 
  i 'm surprised so many people fail to get asylum - lots of countries persecute you for being gay or converting from islam , and there is no way to tell for sure if you are faking either of those . 
  i think the head of the * remain * campaign actually said [ the supply of cheap labour was suppressing wages ] ( http://www.cityam.com/235892/eu-referendum-wages-would-rise-in-the-event-of-a-brexit-lord-rose-admits-during-heated-exchange-with-andrew-tyries-treasury-select-committee ) rather than increasing unemployment . 
  are n't labour going to put their neck out and officially abstain ? 
  both sides of the referendum were in favour of free trade with europe ( and everywhere else ) , the leave side just valued ending free movement more . 
  the swing riots , as best i can make out . 
  i 'm not sure it 's one of wikipedia 's best articles ... 
  wikipedia says the uk has had peaceful transitions since 1830 and the usa since 1801 , but that ignores the american civil war in the 1860s after lincoln won the election . 
   the article strongly implies that russian intelligence plotted to assassinate montenegro 's prime minister do you think the article also implies there might have been a similar plot against the serbian prime minister ? 
  i suppose that is one area which will be covered in the negotiations , but i 'd imagine we 'd end up keeping most of them . 
   you also start from a position of possibly setting a fatal precedent for a core principle of the eu , namely free movement that would only be true if we got single market membership without free movement . 
  a canada/south korea style deal does n't require free movement for it to not be fatal to the eu . 
  possibly - but we are the eu 's second largest trading partner , and do start from a position of having identical standards . 
  this is what many brexit voters wanted - having the same relationship to the eu as canada or south korea . 
   the way i 've seen it presented is that being right-wing is being against eu and nato as far as i can tell our hard right support nato as they do n't see the usa as a threat to british nationalism . 
  i do n't that proposal is possible , given that [ eu citizenship is subsidiary to national citizenship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union ) . 
   labour party member ~ ~ s ~ ~ publicly disagreeing and fighting over policy in less than 24 hours ? 
  just corbyn , i think . 
  this article says he was just misunderstood yesterday ... 
  their position seems to be changing by the day !, 
   [ labour could block brexit by voting against article 50 over single market demands , jeremy corbyn says ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5bct4x/labour_could_block_brexit_by_voting_against/ ), 
  you are right to be - the next twist is here already !, 
   [ labour will not block article 50 , jeremy corbyn allies confirm ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/06/labour-will-not-block-article-50-jeremy-corbyn-allies-confirm ), 
  the only time i hear it spoken of is when people accuse us of thinking we still have it . 
   first they tell us that the working class voted for brexit , then the data comes in and they did n't . 
  i think the data shows two thirds of the working class voted for brexit . 
  other data showed that the most informed and the least informed were both more likely to be eurosceptic than the average . 
  38 % of you did . 
  some people might have said similar in 1921 . 
  neither side suggested whilst campaigning though . 
   and look where that got them , 20 points behind tories . 
  that was my point - the tories wo n't ignore brexit in case they end up with their own corbyn - who would be someone like andrea leadsom , i guess . 
  he won the london mayoralty ( the position with the largest personal mandate in the uk ) twice despite the city being quite strongly labour . 
  may kicked lots of them out , actually . 
  look what labour members did after getting fed up of being ignored ... no mp wants their party to be corbyn-ed, 
  you do n't get trade deals without membership ? 
  do you want to tell canada and south korea or should i ? 
  the vote has told may that we do n't want membership . 
  extensive trade deals probably are a priority , as we are the eu 's largest trade partner other than the usa . 
  the american civil war ? 
  that is no longer possible , so hopefully we will find the next best thing . 
  the eu treats every country differently , that seems fairly meaningless . 
  south korea and canada have extensive trade deals without involving free movement , for instance . 
  for one , are n't chechnyans russian citizens ? 
  ttip is already dead ; after the usa the uk is the eu 's largest trading partner by a large distance . 
  what would be preferential treatment ? 
  the more trade the better for both sides . 
  it was n't a choice between a federal eu and the uk , but between the current eu and the uk . 
  depends on the context and tone of voice . 
  an ambiguous answer in a formal setting probably means no . 
  i do n't think one government should be able to bind their successor so easily . 
  anything that ca n't be repealed by the next should have to pass a referendum . 
  whatever people want it to be , i guess - the same way we arbitrarily defined what `` europe '' is as a continent . 
  we can talk , we reelected him in 2005 . 
  it means you currently agree with it . 
  if it fails , leading to the country electing a new government that disagrees with it , that new government ca n't revoke the previous government 's consent . 
  changes that affect taxes require unanimity from the member states . 
  why ? 
  once a power is given to the eu , it ca n't be taken back without unanimity . 
  there is no giving it `` a chance '' - either you agree and lose the ability to change your mind , or you block it . 
  r/ukpolitics polled fairly close to the real results for both the general election and the referendum . 
  r/unitedkingdom had more green voters than conservatives . 
  when we dislike our own government we replace it with a new one . 
  if people felt they could have done the same with the eu , maybe that would have been enough to vent the discontent . 
  that 's the argument our employers use as to why they need free movement with eastern europe !, 
  you are the only one who has ever mentioned treason ... 
  this is a bizarre argument . 
  when did i say that ? 
  she can say what she wants , and scottish mps have the same voting power on brexit issues as english ones do . 
   how many times a year do londoners do that ? 
  normally once a week in the summer , once a fortnight the rest of the year . 
  it 'd only be news if she said something positive - it 's in her interest for things to go as badly as possible . 
  are the remaining dutch speakers in brussels represented in that parliament ? 
  woops - i read the first three as the federal , dutch and flemish . 
  what about the german-speaking community ? 
   but that would provide another reason for the eu to impose taxes on euro business in the city how would that work ? 
   so is that `` fell by 6 % '' , which would n't be all that special , or is it `` fell 6 % from something like 12 % to 6 % '' , which would be astounding . 
  falling from 12 % to 6 % would be written as `` fell by 6 percentage points '' . 
  on average , things are currently getting 1 % more expensive per year - up from 0.6 % before the vote but below the 2 % target . 
  they repeatedly and explicitly ruled it out , as it entails free movement , eu contributions , eu-negotiated trade deals and being subject to every ecj ruling . 
  i believe even the german speaker 's parliament can veto belgium signing this deal ( population 76,000 ), 
  whilst it shows the deal with the eu will be hard to reach , it also shows making new deals post-brexit will be much easier than pre-brexit .
