  it seems to be a debate predominantly between strong and weak eurosceptics . 
  almost everyone can at least name the parties in westminster and have a rough idea of what they stand for - i doubt 10 % could do the same for the eu parties . 
  that money is in return for providing market access , accepting non-eu migrants was not in the treaties they signed up to . 
  i 'd imagine one `` side '' thought it would favour the other , so decided to block it . 
  no - because westminster would n't allow a referendum in such a short time frame , so brexit would come before scottish independence . 
  there 's also the matter of scotland not being an eu member state , so iscotland would have to prove the institutions ( such as the central bank and supreme court ) that would be set up post-independence were up to eu standards before they would be let in . 
  in the campaign , no would bring up the legal obligation written into the eu treaties for new members to join the euro , and it would damage yes . 
  i can see a post-brexit yes vote , but not a subsequent vote to ( re ) join the eu . 
  that would require scotland to join the euro and schengen , which would mean border controls with england . 
  it 's more a ferry service than a border guard . 
   protect and defend our allies , it 's a nice idea , but in reality our primary goal was to protect and defend ourselves . 
  mainland europe united under germany would eventually been able to overcome our navy , so had to be prevented . 
  same as on a united states of america - fine for those who want it , but not somewhere i want to be a part of . 
  there are already half a million here already ( one third from turkey , two thirds from cyprus ) . 
  we did declare war on germany , rather than the other way around . 
  you are aware that you do n't need to be in the eu to be in erasmus ? 
  [ turkey and macedonia both participate ] ( http://medarbejdere.au.dk/en/administration/international/erasmusgrantsforemployees/participating-countries-in-erasmus/ ) . 
  and the `` right to hide accurate information about yourself on google '' . 
  the schengen opt-out was n't given willingly in a deal , it was demanded under threat of vetoing the treaty change needed to establish schengen in the first place . 
  it 's everything you have in common with both a chechen and a norwegian , but not with a canadian or an indian . 
  are you not proud of living on the eurasian plate , west of the volga river ? 
  i think the more relevant question is the conditions on which they would be allowed to become a member of the eu , not whether they would be allowed . 
  would scotland need to promise to join the euro ? 
  would they need to show they have stable institutions after leaving the uk ? 
  if so , for how long ? 
  would they avoid ever leaving the single market in the first place ? 
  would they need to join schengen ? 
  when the uk leaves , will official figures for the eu show -15 % or so gdp growth for the year ? 
   where 's the benefit for us ? 
  you get to exclude us from your trade talks , as mentioned in the title of the article . 
   the eu would have to be involved in negotiating future uk trade deals with 3rd parties . 
  it is - and is blocking them from happening until we have left . 
  why would that cover negotiations for a deal that would n't affect an eu member state ? 
   i wish they 'd give some concrete examples of biased reports . 
  there was a concrete complaint about the balance of the speakers elsewhere :  they looked at the ` brexit collection ' , a series of 31 programmes , originally broadcast on radio 4 , and posted by the bbc on its iplayer website . 
  of 212 speakers , 123 were pro-remain , while only 49 spoke in favour of leave . 
  another 40 were neutral . 
  it meant that listeners were more than twice as likely to hear a pro-eu speaker as one with an anti-eu bias . 
  with those criteria how many countries would ever have joined in the first place ? 
  i doubt we would have . 
   stuff that the uk benefits from ( such as the payment of pensions for british staff , what does citizenship have to do with an employees ' pension rights ? 
  they worked for and paid pension contributions to the eu , so it is the eu that owes them . 
  why ? 
  we 'd not be defaulting on anything * we * owe . 
   how well do you think that would go down with the brits and the french ? 
  fairly well - germany is probably the least likely country in europe to do the wrong thing with a big army . 
   well , how could they be prepared when everyone who pushed for the brexit left the boat as soon as they won ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  boris , david and fox were big names for brexit , and they now all have senior positions in the cabinet . 
  then a referendum is held and leave probably wins . 
  scotland 's economy is doing fine because there are large transfers from the rest of the uk . 
  the `` scottish deficit '' does n't matter unless those transfers are ended by independence . 
  it is - every part of the uk has mps in proportion to their population . 
  you could say any arbitrary area with over 50 % of the population has `` entire control '' of that country . 
  that is nonsense . 
  the last pm but one was scottish . 
  it should do , but they 're going to ignore the rules so ireland do n't have to drop irish in favour of english . 
  is there a rule that says there can be no negotiation before article 50 ? 
  i think they were just saying the downward revision that put us below germany was for economic performance pre-referendum , rather than post-referendum . 
  surely there has to be a simple rule to determine who pays eu pensions ? 
  either the cost is divided amongst eu member states when they are paid out , or divided amongst eu member states when the obligation is incurred . 
  a country would either be on the hook for a share of all obligations incurred whilst a member , or on the hook for a share of all payments whilst a member - it ca n't be both . 
  if that were true it would probably be very good news for the uk , as it would imply responsibility for eu pensions comes with eu membership . 
  you are right , i had forgotten about that one . 
  there were plenty that were n't blocked though , such as maastricht and lisbon . 
   pretty much did everything in its power to stop further european integration other than actually stopping it with a veto , which we could have done at any point from 1973 . 
  do you know if ( say ) croatia contributes to all eu pensions in proportion to croatian gdp , or does it only contribute to those eu employees who retired since croatia became a member state ? 
   it 's been decades of the eu being accomodating to that island . 
  no , it 's been decades of us threatening vetoes to ensure we get opt outs from new initiatives . 
  `` being accommodating '' would imply it was done to be nice . 
  if those two sources agree and [ sputnik news ] ( https://sputniknews.com/politics/201702191050832609-uk-moscow-coup-montenegro/ ) has bothered to say it did n't happen i 'm guessing it did . 
  here 's the guardian for you then :  [ russian nationalists were behind an alleged coup attempt in montenegro that included plans to assassinate the pro-western prime minister over his government 's attempt to join nato , the country 's chief special prosecutor has said . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/06/montenegro-prosecutor-milivoje-katnic-russian-nationalists-behind-alleged-coup-plot ), 
   nobody is forcing i.e. 
  poland to allow adoptions . 
  it says , that if let 's say dutch same-sex family is moving to poland , that they wo n't face discrimination and legal actions there . 
  surely polish couples could just move to the netherlands , adopt , then move back ? 
  i would support the polish government legalising gay adoption , but do n't think it is the eu 's place to make that decision . 
   your leader even held hands with our president . 
  she knows her place . 
  helping your leader overcome his [ fear of stairs ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/article/38802648/donald-trump-is-scared-of-stairs---but-what-is-bathmophobia ) ? 
   so the autonomy of the scots means jack . 
  there is n't autonomy on foreign affairs - those are decided at a uk level . 
  at a uk level , scottish votes and scottish mps have the same weight as those from the anywhere else in the country . 
  i have some sympathy for those who opposed a referendum in the first place , but not for the others . 
  it 's not irrelevant !, 
  if the answer is no then we probably have to keep paying eu pensions when we leave . 
  if it is yes , we probably do n't . 
  it 's working out whether eu pensions are paid by current eu member states , or by the countries who were members when the pension was accumulated . 
  serious question : does the uk currently contribute towards the pensions of people who retired from the eec before 1973 ? 
  thanks . 
  how about hamon ? 
  would melenchon ? 
  out of hamon , macron and fillon , which is least likely to beat le pen if they were both in the second round ? 
  that 's more / r/unitedkingdom than / r/europe, 
  the financial times had this for an explanation :  eu lawyers had long concluded that article 50 notification would apply to the euratom treaty, 
  northern ireland has its fair share of representatives in westminster , just like any other part of the uk . 
   a good leader does what 's best for their country , maybe what is best for the country is not crushing what remains of trust in politics and pushing 52 % of the electorate towards ukip . 
  it might not make economic sense , but economics is n't everything . 
  i know , i just wanted to draw attention to it as i ca n't imagine how it would work for a large creditor .
