  i do n't . 
  who wants to share an airforce with constitutionally neutral countries , countries who are friends with russia , countries with territorial disputes , countries who like intervening in africa and asia , countries with territorial disputes with each other and so on ? 
  the eu parliament votes for nice things because its members are not lobbied to do otherwise , as companies know their efforts are best served by lobbying national governments . 
  if the eu had more power , i think the roles would simply reverse . 
  [ only 3 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-29331475 ) of welsh people want to leave the uk , seems a low barrier to be included in this map . 
  our cheap airlines somehow worked out that they can get paid to fly to the middle of nowhere by both our tourists and your local governments . 
  `` president palin yesterday claimed it was her right to protect american speakers around the world . '', 
  i disagree with him , but one justification he has mentioned in the past is that the law makes companies less willing to hire minorities . 
  the argument is that they fear firing a minority employee will see the employee file a claim of racist discrimination . 
  therefore , the argument goes , not having the law would result in more minorities being hired . 
  not true - [ here 's ] ( http://www.nuffield.ox.ac.uk/users/nickell/papers/impactofimmigration-apr08.pdf ) a source :  closer examination reveals that the biggest effect is in the semi/unskilled services sector where a 10 percentage point rise in the proportion of immigrants is associated with a 5 percent reduction in pay . 
  this finding accords well with intuition and anecdotal evidence , but does not seem to have been recorded previously in the empirical literature . 
  i know , but politicians appear to believe otherwise - and they probably respond to what they believe , not to what is actually the case . 
  that 's what the us government is for ... 
  who else can offer ukraine the money it needs than the imf ? 
  a lot of us citizens are jewish , and they can swing presidential elections through florida . 
  our royal family already dislikes greece , [ apparently ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-17936021 ) . 
  something to do with them nearly executing philip 's dad , so they fled in 1922 . 
  i 'd rather microsoft and starbucks than russia any day . 
   sounds like they are more afraid of russians pulling their dirty money that 's fueling the london property bubble out of the country the average london property is currently worth # 458,283 , and as of 2012 there were 5,183,970 of them . 
  that gives a value of # 2.38 trillion . 
  i doubt russian money would make a significant impact , as that value is approaching twice russia 's gdp , and climbing by ~ 10 % a year . 
  probably not . 
  instead of lots of national pyramids of wealth , we are moving towards one big international pyramid due to globalisation . 
  that 's great if you are in a poor country , but not if you are an average person in a rich country . 
  we had a [ jewish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benjamin_disraeli ) descent pm in the 1860s . 
  the netherlands , ireland , luxembourg , half a dozen british dependencies , delaware and many other places are tax havens too , i do n't think switzerland deserves much hate for that . 
  there is on the left and amongst european federalists , both of whom are over-represented in / r/europe . 
  the usa could n't occupy the relatively tiny and impoverished vietnam . 
  i doubt anyone could occupy the usa , even if you had sensible gun laws . 
  why would anyone go anywhere else if it was that easy to get asylum in europe ? 
  being pro-american is n't associated with being fascist - i 'd be surprised to see anyone say that in real life outside of russia today . 
  the tories will never agree to cutting it , and labour wo n't want to be painted by the tories as caring more about power than protecting the uk from a nuclear attack . 
  i do n't think it is going anywhere , the snp just want to use it as an excuse not to form a coalition , as that would destroy their support . 
  they recently made school dinners free to everyone in years r to 2 . 
  all poor kids get free school meals anyway . 
  we 've already done every building in the uk , spain and greece . 
  citizenship by birth is mostly a thing in the new world , not the old . 
   the reason is islam . 
  nothing else . 
  not if albania or bosnia make it in to the eu . 
  nobody really denies that he is a terrorist sympathiser - he definitely sympathises with the ira and hamas - it 's just a question of how bad a thing that really is . 
  illegal immigration when people decide not to return , which is the reason we do n't have visa-free travel in the first place . 
  the bbc has a policy of not calling anyone a terrorist , if that makes you feel any better . 
  even the ira are just called '' [ dissidents ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-35742097 ) '' . 
  alternatively , imagine how much worse it would have been if you 'd already had a huge public debt . 
  i 've read that germans are somewhat wary of strong rhetoric , so politicians stick to more technical debates . 
  because their poll shows the race goes from very close ( 2 % leave lead ) to a clear win for leave ( 7 % lead ) when you account for likelihood to vote . 
  polling found those who knew the most wanted to leave the eu , but also those who knew the least . 
  those with closer to average knowledge were most in favour of the eu . 
  afd big gains , fdp small gains , the left stable , green small losses , cdu and spd medium losses . 
  on top of that , being the junior coalition member was quite harmful and the senior coalition member slightly helpful . 
  it 's possible for voters to have moved ( say ) from the spd to the cdu and others from the cdu to afd . 
  it was n't a threat , it was a call to vote leave . 
   there would be no incentive for other countries to do anything what is the current incentive ? 
  building a wall across the top of greece would seem to be the ideal solution for much of europe . 
  you can call for europe-wide action all you want , it does n't stop you helping greece unilaterally . 
   apart from germany . 
  it is unjust if we have to the only one doing this . 
  if germany is the only country that wants to help greece then you are free to go ahead and help them . 
  if you decide that is n't for you then do n't . 
  maybe other countries will follow your lead if they see helping has a good outcome . 
  hardly . 
  there 's been one war in which we 've had to help them , which was afghanistan after 9/11 . 
  the headline makes it sound like radicalisation is something inflicted on people , rather than a choice . 
  i 'm sure nobody would have an issue with germany chartering planes to fly migrants in to berlin from athens . 
   wow the comments on youtube are irrationally angry they almost always are , no matter the topic . 
   do they think they will lose ? 
  of course - [ polling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_ireland#in_northern_ireland ) puts reunification at < 20 % support , remaining in the uk at ~ 65 % ( with ~ 15 % wanting direct rule ) and independence at ~ 5 % . 
  even so , type 1a fgm is illegal ( in the uk at least ) , whilst the male equivalent is not . 
  you are right - practically nobody knows anything about eu politics . 
  it 's why i do n't want the eu making decisions for us - an electorate that does n't know who is who ca n't make informed decisions in their own interest at the ballot box . 
   fgm is objectively a far more drastic procedure . 
  it depends on the type of fgm . 
  type 1a , though quite rare , would seem to be equivalent of what is done to males . 
  in england , if you 're a migrant you tend to identify as british rather than english . 
  it 's part of the reason why london is the only region to have english identity ( and `` white british '' ethnicity ) as a minority . 
  is that an offer ? 
  the greater the amount of immigration , more important it is to favour assimilation over multiculturalism - else you may end up with the majority moving towards reactionary parties to protect their position as such . 
  fixed - thanks, 
  multiculturalism is the alternative to assimilation . 
  assimilation reduces divisions within society and prevents identity politics , making people more willing to work towards a common good . 
  you do n't see any issues between huguenots and non-huguenots in the uk , because they were completely assimilated into the general population . 
  given enough time , any assimilated population will become indistinguishable from society at large , as intermarriage will average the populations out . 
  if only : / london : - price per square meter to buy apartment in city centre $ 24,413.31, 
  some countries need rates to increase , others need them low . 
  the average house price growth in ireland last year was over 6 % , and in spain they grew by 1.8 % last quarter . 
  if your economy is booming it will lead to bubbles , if it is n't it will help growth . 
  probably the wrong time to be cutting interest rates and increasing qe then . 
  i guess the solution is to cut government spending and/or raise taxes , though that will not be popular . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but the intelligentsia are actually [ writers , academics , artists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intelligentsia ) and the like . 
  and it removes from other individuals the power to know the uncensored past . 
  i know what it does . 
  moldova is the poorest country in europe , though i 'm not sure you would choose to move somewhere partially occupied by russian troops . 
  it 's the eu making google remove articles , individuals could ask in the past but would have been ignored , as they currently are in the usa . 
  leaving everything else aside , moving from a budget deficit of 5 % to one closer to 10 % is going to reduce quality of life by requiring tax rises and spending cuts . 
  i 'm not being negative about scotland , just pointing out that having less money is a bad thing . 
  the state is behind factually correct articles being removed from google . 
  they kick out those people all the time - they even banned all previous bnp ( a party who wanted `` voluntary repatriation '' of all non-white people ) members from ever joining . 
  of course scotland could function ; any region with a few million people could .
