  cricket would compete with rugby for second in england , though tennis is quite popular too . 
  yes , giving germans greek levels of welfare ( or the opposite ) will definitely solve more problems than it creates . 
  i ca n't see eurosceptic parties in northern europe capitalising on it at all . 
  ukraine is less than half as rich per person and 250 % as big as romania was upon eu accession . 
  i also think romania should have been required to wait longer before accession . 
  the demands of the greek electorate are probably incompatible with the demands of the electorates in the rest of the eu . 
  i 'd have to say no . 
  i think it would be crazy for the rest of europe to accept ukraine into schengen and the euro , given the wage disparity , the huge amounts of developmental and agricultural subsidies it would be entitled to , the rampant corruption , the perilous economic situation , the simmering war with russia and so on . 
  whilst there would be plenty of downsides to ukraine ( industry immediately destroyed by competition , population decline as everyone migrates , lack of sovereign control of the currency meaning the government can not guarantee solvency , possible russian retaliation etc ) it would probably a net positive for ukrainians , in the long-term . 
  everyone - russia is very different to portugal or germany . 
  having all three in an economic union , let alone the fiscal and political ones that would have to follow , would be crazy . 
  it sounds to me like he 's had that happen to him but with anti-eu articles , so he wants the same to happen with pro-eu ones . 
  no , but [ unskilled and semi-skilled wages are depressed ] ( http://www.nuffield.ox.ac.uk/users/nickell/papers/impactofimmigration-apr08.pdf ) ( p19 ) . 
  you ca n't be in the eu without being in the echr . 
  jewish is legally an ethnicity in the uk , so a jewish atheist is possible under that definition . 
  interestingly , if he wins in 2010 he 'd only be our second jewish pm , the first being disraeli in the late 1800s . 
  they are already drilling for oil down here , and have been for a long time . 
  it 's not an issue , the technology is pretty advanced so it is n't that bad . 
  i 've never heard of anyone skimping on water . 
  if there 's a drought we sometimes ca n't use hosepipes for a week or two in july , but that 's about it . 
  some places heat it centrally then pump it out . 
  the leader of the opposition is a jewish atheist , and the deputy pm is an atheist too . 
  at the same time , the head of state is also head of the state religion , which has bishops automatically appointed to parliament . 
  it 's basically a non-issue , most people avoid talking about it one way or the other . 
  atheism means a lack of belief in god , not an active belief that there is no god . 
  it feels safer - people see nuclear plants , but not nuclear submarines . 
  one is above ground and needs to reasonably close to serve population centres , the other is under water and is usually kept away from them . 
  i do n't disagree - just pointing out that a lot of people in europe feel similarly , which is part of the reason why we are where we are . 
   there is no way us giving money in a transparent fashion would get any support . 
  that is also true for most european countries . 
   make a federal europe or recognize your project will inevitably be broken apart by great power politics . 
  it 's not greater power politics that have screwed greece , it is a monetary union without political and fiscal union . 
  as a significant number of people do n't want either of those , greece will probably remain screwed . 
  are they currently polling above new democracy ? 
  they only got 6.3 % last time . 
  i think they only spend the interest on the fund . 
  my argument was basically that a constitution is n't infallible , so instead you should use the reasoning the constitution writers used , rather than just pointing to the constitution . 
  yes , i was n't disagreeing , just saying you should give better reasoning , as constitutions are n't infallible . 
   i would completely be fine with paying 14 % instead of 7 % of my income to ensure someone that took a risk and failed is n't left out in the cold . 
  you should n't be paying any more in taxes with a nationalised system , the american and british governments already spend a similar share of gdp on healthcare . 
  you are right , but i think being `` unconstitutional '' is a weak justification for banning a party , as constitutions can be changed . 
  using different reasoning would probably make your argument stronger . 
  if , in theory , the roma did n't want to be integrated , would n't it be right to give up on integration ? 
   please direct me to the quote `` forced removal '' in this conversation . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  it 's in your comment right above mine . 
   [ wales and n. ireland will go against a forced removal just as much as scotland will . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31lgpd/two_million_british_people_emigrated_to_eu/cq2u6og ), 
  random thought , but maybe that is exactly what they are meant to be . 
  if there ever is a vote for union , there would need to be a strong force to maintain order in the face of any new troubles that might arise . 
  deport them . 
  you are allowed to deport eu citizens after 3 months without a job . 
  would you have used the words `` forced removal '' about orkney or edinburgh if 51 % of scotland had voted yes but those places had voted no ? 
  i thought it was the sushi that you had to be wary of over here . 
   if you manage to educate/feed/care for them adequately you make functioning members of society , and the cost is more an investment if it was that easy we 'd do it for everyone , not just refugees . 
  the rumour , or that lots of them actually were/are ? 
  we seem to have another former politician/old celebrity/ethnic local community arrested every month . 
  how is this going to be policed ? 
  surely models can just lie about how much they weighed when the photographs were taken . 
  you got an eight from me . 
  most of the hate is just us joking around . 
  most of our politicians are satanic child abusers , and the secret service kills anyone who tries to leak it . 
  there 's a grain of truth in there , unfortunately , but an awful lot of nonsense . 
  iranian leaders probably do n't want to be filmed making announcements with american leaders as the usa is n't too popular in iran . 
  i do n't think you can draw such a broad conclusion from it . 
   unfortunately , you ca n't just spend some funds and expect a facebook to ` appear ' , whilst hitting actual facebook with anti-competition law suits . 
  it wo n't stop them from trying , though . 
  uighurs and tibetans are repressed and are having han chinese imported into their homelands to make them a minority . 
  not a solution for europe . 
  lots of languages have some sort of recognition , but welsh is '' [ the only de jure official language in any part of the united kingdom . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_united_kingdom#status ) '', 
  why not ? 
  plenty of people are on this side of the pond . 
  yes , probably . 
  it did n't seem too different from wales when i visited . 
  the only official language in the uk is welsh , which gives you an idea . 
  recently the huge amount of immigration has led to moves against providing services in foreign languages , though . 
  that has not been an option because nobody has been willing to give greece their money . 
  that was the conversation . 
  there were then two choices - crushing austerity for loans , or crushing bankruptcy and ejection from the euro . 
  of course spending money is good , but if there is no more money then it is not an option . 
  [ cornish got minority status ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cornwall-27132035 ) thanks to the lib dems , maybe they are the ones for you ? 
  the [ immediate polling ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/625/media/images/82097000/jpg/_82097092_graphic.jpg ) is quite interesting . 
  there were n't any major mistakes or victories . 
  - i think those results will be well received by sturgeon ( snp ) and farage ( ukip ) as they both out-poll their parties . 
  farage was polarising ( rated as both best and worst at one point ) and sturgeon probably helped detoxify the snp a bit to the english . 
  - cameron ( conservative ) will be happy to be roughly joint first as he 's defending an austerity government , but not pleased that miliband sounded human . 
  - miliband ( labour ) will be happy he matched cameron , but unhappy that he did n't particularly stand out from the crowd . 
  - clegg ( lib dems ) will be very disappointed not to see a repeat of 2010 's `` cleggmania '' , but take some solace in the greens doing badly . 
  - benett ( greens ) will be upset they did n't really have much of a positive impact , but relieved she managed to speak in coherent sentences . 
  - wood ( plaid ) is still irrelevant . 
  ukip are wary about talking on non-eu immigration because they 'll just be told it is because they `` hate brown people '' . 
  labour wo n't move the submarines . 
  i think the most they 'll offer is to go from four to three . 
  it is n't in our interest , but it would be in ukraine 's . 
  russia refuses to extradite russians . 
  there are some ( in theory secular ) schools where islamic fundamentalists are in control , but this particular case did n't come to anything . 
  unless i am missing something , slovenia does actually have a coastline - and a navy , made up of two small patrol ships . 
  i do n't know if it would be better or not , but i 'm sure things can get much worse . 
  greece is still richer than most of the former communist countries at the moment .
