  for similar reasons that there is an eu-canada and eu-south korea free trade deal - to make both parties richer . 
  the first part is true , the second part is basically unprovable either way . 
  french government spending is [ 57 % of gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-spending-to-gdp ) , verus [ 43.9 % in germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-spending-to-gdp ) and [ 44.4 % in the uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/government-spending-to-gdp ) . 
  football clubs to us states does seem a rather bizarre comparison . 
  something something ... czechs bounce ? 
  as it is outside of schengen and `` behind '' the uk , there is n't much reason to try and go there . 
  the ones who act like that abroad also act like that over here , if that is any consolation . 
  for the purposes of border control , is there a difference ? 
  you ca n't let in migrants that will be given refugee status without letting in those that will not , because claims are only processed once they reach germany . 
  there are examples in both directions - ireland speaks english and was part of the british empire for a long time , but not unreasonably wants nothing to do with the commonwealth and is not a part of nato . 
  these maps always significantly overstate minority languages, 
   some parts of the union consistently get exceptions that is undermining the union . 
  the rules would not exist without the exceptions , as instead they would have been vetoed . 
  england does n't actually have any legal powers , german states and flanders/wallonia are much more autonomous . 
  no , counties are much smaller . 
  wales was annexed to england for a while though , which is probably why they are n't on the uk flag . 
   according to newest information from fria tider , sweden has asked daily mail to block some articles what criticises about immigration in sweden . 
  i do n't , this place is much less eurosceptic than the uk but more so ( it seems ) than the rest of europe . 
  my statement was a hypothetical . 
  if weakening the eu would be so popular that everyone would want it , maybe the answer is that the eu should be weakened . 
  a left wing version of that fox news guy who claimed there were `` no go zones '' ? 
   his popularity in labour that 's the issue - labour members may like him , but the electorate do not . 
  the public strongly want to reduce immigration . 
  cameron 's proposal to do so had one qualifier - that we 'd only reduce the pull , through removing certain benefits . 
  a proposal floated elsewhere had a different qualifier - that we 'd be able to limit immigration , but only temporarily ( an `` emergency brake '' ) . 
  this deal would have both of those fairly significant qualifiers , plus a third big one - that any use of it would require eu approval , which seems unlikely given the hostility to the idea in the first place . 
  if this is it with regards to immigration , i ca n't see it turning many undecided voters over to the in camp . 
  religious background , legal and political traditions , language , economic structure , history . 
  if we became a ukrainian colony , the locals were largely wiped out and the country was settled and run by ukrainians for the next hundred years then we 'd probably be very close to ukraine for a good while afterwards . 
  i think that 's a marketing rather than cultural decision . 
  i would say so , so long as you have a secular outlook and basically disregard most of the rules , as most christians do with christianity . 
  i think that would be more a western identity - somewhere like new zealand is culturally closer to western europe than some parts of eastern europe are . 
  the stat about belfast being really rich does n't really reflect northern ireland as a whole . 
  it is likely due to domestic political concerns rather than him being particularly bothered himself - which is fairly unlikely , given he probably saw a lot more than that whilst he was a student in scotland . 
  there are a lot of hardliners in iran who might try to use images of him near naked statues to argue he is too western , particularly after the nuclear deal . 
  `` to deter other exits '' implies we would otherwise be doing so well that other eu states would want to leave too . 
  we have an opt out from eu migration policy , so we do n't get a vote on these issues . 
  it did n't seem to be big news here ; we all know london is going to be attacked indefinitely , the only question is the frequency and severity . 
  past experience with the ira probably helps on that front . 
   all in all , tuesday to friday are named after germanic gods and saturday to monday are latin translations it 's interesting that that is identical to english . 
  the left would create a common system , but i doubt they would use it to guard the borders . 
  how can the electoral authority know which electronic vote to remove if you overwrite it with a paper ballot ? 
  surely the electronic votes are anonymous . 
  if you can check your vote , surely someone else can check it over your shoulder ( say ) ? 
  it only adds up to about a 5 point movement from the cdu to afd since the last election , with other parties fairly static . 
  not always - of the last ten films , there have been two french , two russian , two british , one colombian , one brazilian , one north korean and one german villain . 
   while forgetting the bad things of having a far right party in power could bring . 
  it 's safe to vote for them whilst they are only polling ~ 10 % , there is no way they could form a government on that basis . 
   i doubt many people care though have you never heard about the troubles , the ira , the uvf , the dup , sinn fein , the good friday agreement , power-sharing , flag protests and so on ? 
  a lot of people in northern ireland care an awful lot . 
  unless the relevant population wants it then neither has any merit . 
  [ polls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_ireland#public_opinion ) have ~ 65 % wanting to stay , versus < 20 % wanting to be annexed . 
  corbyn also wants northern ireland to be annexed by ireland though ... 
  it could be a reference to the nazis moving there after wwii ? 
  correlation does n't mean causation . 
  there have n't been any major wars between stable democracies since wwii , not just in europe . 
  wikipedia suggested the french games were similar but different, 
  do you mean the eu rather than europe ? 
  presumably you would n't buy something from thrace over something from ankara , or from chechnya rather than the canary islands ? 
  tennis , golf , baseball , rounders , squash , extreme ironing and ferret-legging too , apparently . 
  it would be an esa flag and achievement , not an exclusively european or eu one - canada , norway and switzerland are members , but most of the balkan countries are not . 
  it would be foolish to make your choice based on the continent of the producer rather than on the cost and quality of the product . 
  if you want to be protectionist then it probably makes more sense to exclude sweden for being outside of nato rather the usa for being outside of europe . 
  a refugee is someone seeking safety . 
  someone in france is safe , and therefore should not be treated as a refugee when they try to move onward to another country . 
  you do n't need a political union to trade - 73 % of canadian exports go to the usa just fine . 
   if he had addressed issues like the common agricultural policy ( which actually needs reform ) , the eu parliament still being split between brussels and strasbourg , why bother trying ? 
  france has already said it will not allow either of those things , cameron would just look like he had failed . 
  they will be under polish command whilst in poland , according to another comment . 
  what are you on about ? 
  this is about people in france , not syria . 
  ireland seems to manage with the euro but not schengen . 
  i thought austria and germany had lower ? 
  instead of being groped and mugged , they could have been shot too . 
  when you have a million young , single , unemployed men from a warzone the last thing you want to do is to add more guns . 
  the only amendment that * might * have made a positive difference would have been the 22nd ( term limits ) . 
  cameron said schools should be able to ban the veil if they want to , he did n't say he wanted veils banned at all schools . 
  no - though wwi , the acts of union and the english civil war did n't come up either . 
  we did study british india and the slave trade . 
  if they tried to cover every atrocity there would n't have been time to cover wwii every other year . 
  they are somewhat related - you ca n't leave the former without also leaving the latter . 
  the normans are n't thought to have contributed a significant amount given how relatively few of them there were . 
  it was mostly just celtic and anglo-saxon ( in england ) until wwii . 
  probably not ; certain borders could be kept down by forming multiple miniature schengens , like the one that currently exists between the uk and ireland . 
  which borders do you cross ? 
  i think the word is `` contributory '' or `` contribution-based '' . 
  most people would do that , regardless of their views on the eu . 
  polling found both the most and least knowledgeable voters tended to support out , whilst the average supported in . 
  the silver lining may be that if migrants know they ca n't leave , they may stop coming in the first place - it 's not like they are in particular danger in turkey . 
  i have heard a lot of people criticising others for talking about the empire , but nobody actually talking about it in the first place . 
  you could reasonably argue he does - the `` united '' part refers to the union of ( northern ) ireland and britain , and corbyn [ wants northern ireland to be annexed by the republic of ireland ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/uk/jeremy-corbyn-reiterates-support-for-united-ireland-1.2364612 ) . 
   there has never been an opt-out from one of the fundamental freedoms here are four off the top of my head : - greece has an opt out from freedom of movement for mount athos ; - liechtenstein ( eea ) has migration quotas ; - denmark prevents foreigners buying holiday homes in certain areas ; - the channel islands take part in the eu freedom of movement of goods but not people , services or capital . 
  the eu has given us huge opt outs before ( schengen , the euro ) , i do n't think new ones can be categorically ruled out . 
  from what he has said on the issue so far , he would rather we leave than be part of the current eu , but would rather be part of a `` reformed '' eu than leave . 
  when we joined in 1973 we were a net recipient of funds , and had to negotiate accordingly . 
  that situation has changed , so our relative strength in negotiations has improved . 
  the `` four freedoms '' have never been absolute . 
   at the same time , he gives nothing in return . 
  he is giving his support for an in vote in return for these concessions . 
  if he did n't get any concessions , he would campaign to leave and we would almost certainly exit the eu .
