  it has been more vehemently pro-eu than almost any other paper during the campaign . 
  its stance on immigration seems to be the more the merrier , which is miles apart from that of the electorate . 
   there 's only one example of a developed country falling into developing country status ( argentina , former world number # 7 in the early 1900s did n't the world bank also do that to greece ? 
  if it was an 18 % drop versus predictions then that is only equivalent to 2-3 years worth of rent freezes . 
  they want to be in the eu because the single market helps them use their lax laws to siphon off your taxes . 
  the overly simplistic story is that they turned out to vote for him and his pledge to make university free , then he voted to increase fees and betrayed them . 
  we do , and poland did n't until last year . 
  36 % of snp voters chose leave . 
  he 's just saying that the extra business that transfers from london will be outweighed by other costs . 
  24 % of 18-24s voted remain , 8 % voted leave . 
  68 % did n't care enough to vote . 
   she destroyed industries looking at graphs of manufacturing as a share of the economy , it actually fell faster both before and after her time in office . 
  they would have to vote to join the eu knowing that the accession criteria require commitment to join monetary union . 
  the scottish government could n't promise otherwise , else it would fail to meet the criteria . 
  the real reason she ca n't do that is because referendums are n't devolved to scotland , and westminster is n't going to pass one within the next 2 years . 
   scotland has a seat in the eu no more so than kent , bavaria , catalonia or london . 
  assuming the article is for an eu audience , immigrants would be the correct word . 
  if it is for the uk audience it would be emigrants ( of which expat is a synonym ) . 
  if both , then migrants . 
  both would be within the rules but massively undemocratic . 
  not in the uk - the court will tell parliament of the inconsistency , but it is up to parliament to sort it out . 
  if it does n't , the most recent law will trump the older one as one parliament can not bind the next . 
   [ generally , the courts can not overrule its legislation and no parliament can pass laws that future parliaments can not change . 
  ] ( https://www.parliament.uk/about/how/role/sovereignty/ ), 
  it is on reddit , but it is not in reality . 
  westminster is sovereign , and foreign affairs are not devolved to edinburgh . 
   we will let you stay on the condition that you accept all the eu rulings and decisions such as the euro , schengen etc we just voted out despite not being part of all those unpopular things - surely that option would have just lead to a much larger leave vote ? 
  because we 've had a vote and come to a decision on this question already . 
  of course it would be legal - parliament is sovereign , after all . 
  it can vote for anything . 
  it 'd be like me voting for a party that promised to block lib dem mps from taking their seats - it might be legal , but it 's not democratic . 
  via fptp , so almost certainly with massively fewer votes than passed the referendum . 
   democracy is where people can vote what they want , however unpalatable to your sensibilities those decisions are . 
  that 's my point - they just did !, 
  it 's a dodgy poll . 
  legitimate ones show 52/48 for scottish leave . 
  advocating to rejoin the eu is one thing , advocating to block implementation of the referendum is another . 
  the scottish referendum was on scottish independence from the uk , and it was rejected . 
  the eu was not on the ballot paper any more than $ 100/barrel oil was . 
  idiot writes petition ; millions more idiots sign it . 
  yes . 
  some british remainers want to ignore that though . 
  he 's trying to avoid too much chaos at once . 
  there is a formal procedure - and as the referendum is technically only advisory i do n't think the eu can act on it . 
  it 's the poor and the old versus the young and the well off , not rural versus urban . 
   though that is my personal view and absolutely not one held by even a tiny sect of remain voters are you sure ? 
  it 's lib dem policy to ignore the referendum now , and i 've heard labour mps ( and most of / r/unitedkingdom ) argue for the same . 
  definitely - you should see / r/unitedkingdom, 
  it is enough , those were the rules going into it and they ca n't be changed now that you 've lost . 
  the snp said there should be a caveat , but one was not put in place by westminster . 
  apply , not reapply . 
  the eu treaties apply to 28 named member states and scotland is n't one of them . 
  many british remain mps are already calling on parliament to ignore the vote to leave . 
  the working classes voted heavily for leave . 
  he may have won over the shrunken voter base that labour has left , but not traditional labour votes . 
  yes , but they are n't promising to ask us if we 've changed our minds , they 're promising to abort our decision through a parliamentary vote . 
   they 'll be fighting on a platform of holding another referendum no , they never said that . 
  they said they would vote to ignore the referendum with a parliamentary vote . 
   they are not blocking brexit or overturning the referendum that is exactly what they are saying they would do . 
  if they promised to vote on rejoining that would be fine and democratic , but they are not . 
  the voter population is irrelevant . 
  the victory condition was whichever side had more votes won . 
  leave got 52 % on a higher turnout than the general election . 
  a majority of the voters is what was required , and that is what was achieved . 
  you can not change the terms retrospectively and call yourself a democracy . 
  no party has over 50 % , but brexit does . 
  i see you 've visited london -_-, 
  we have fptp ( which they oppose ) . 
  we could easily get a lib dem government with 35 % of the vote - that would be ignoring the will of the people . 
  promising a second referendum would be brave , promising to ignore the first using the fptp system they hate is simply undemocratic . 
  it could easily be 52 % deciding to leave followed by 35 % making us remain . 
   if they are elected , it means the electorate would also like to go back on the referendum . 
  not if they win with < 50 % of the vote like every other party does . 
  if they can win promising one , sure . 
  1 % of us are unhappy , versus 4 % of remainers who are happy . 
  the currency bounced back within a few hours . 
  we 're at $ 1.23 per pound currently , versus $ 1.24 in april . 
  it is - and he said it could legitimise a party running on a pro-referendum ticket for 2020 . 
   you are like seriously just google it . 
  that * is * what i am thinking , mostly with regards to bizarre stories in / r/unitedkingdom though ... is that what you meant ? 
  we 've never had a special position in dollar trading with regards to the usa , yet we still dominate dollar trading . 
  why would the eu and euros be different ? 
  most financial services are n't going to be in a rush to completely abandon the # 1 financial centre in the world . 
  the city will suffer moderately , but it will not disappear in the blink of an eye as is being predicted . 
  i just said the exact opposite :  we are n't in a special position with regards to the usa, 
  in know , i thought they may not have understood that an ounce measured weight - it 's not something you would recognise if you were from europe . 
  i disagree - we are n't in a special position with regards to the usa , yet we dominate dollar trading . 
  we 'll dominate euro trading from outside the eu too - maybe we wo n't trade more euros than every other city in europe combined any more , but we 'll still be top . 
  that * is * my logic - hence my support for scottish and english devolution . 
  there is a british identity too though , so we should still make decisions that affect the whole of the uk on a uk level . 
  thanks - and i agree that leave were deliberately vague and misleading . 
  they wanted to be all things to all people , but as they would n't form a government they were in no position to promise anything . 
  they called the eu customs union a free trade area - which is n't hugely misleading , as a customs union is just a free trade area with a common external border . 
   [ no customs are levied on goods travelling within the customs union and -- unlike a free trade area -- members of the customs union impose a common external tariff on all goods entering the union . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_customs_union ) as for your second point , daniel hannan is a nobody in terms of influence . 
  he 's not in the government and is not even an mp . 
  by the time we leave the eu he will just be a regular member of the conservative party . 
   they did n't get a german passport yet !, 
  you are right , but to most brits `` the people '' means the british people , to you it seems to mean the european people . 
  that is why gove is seen as legitimate but juncker is not .
