  the real question is how it would affect the quality of life , and the answer is likely that it would decrease in the short to medium term and be the same in the long term . 
  they sound more like the people who keep getting kicked out of ukip !, 
  whether we choose to take past actions into account should be our choice , not the state 's . 
  how far right are the afd - would they be more at home moving to the efdd with ukip , or to the enf with the national front ? 
  the usa did n't join wwii to help anyone ; they joined when japan bombed pearl harbour and germany declared war on them . 
  we had labour replace the liberals in the past , change could happen again . 
  without a schengen neighbour i do n't see how they can avoid being walled in . 
  the australia solution with added walls , with greece as papua new guinea . 
   the vast majority of the country is not so lucky , takes me an hour to go 15 miles on public transport . 
  a lot of london is n't so lucky either . 
  my 15 mile journey further into london takes 90 minutes , and my 13 mile journey across london takes 80 minutes , all using buses and trains . 
  it 's about 25 % british in england and wales outside of london , where it is just ~ ~ over ~ ~ under 40 % . 
  english or welsh is about 75 % outside of london , whilst in london they are under 45 % . 
  http://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/culturalidentity/ethnicity/articles/ethnicityandnationalidentityinenglandandwales/2012-12-11 in scotland it is 26 % british and 80 % scottish . 
  the proportions are basically identical to north east england . 
  http://www.scotlandscensus.gov.uk/news/census-2011-detailed-characteristics-ethnicity-identity-language-and-religion-scotland-%e2%80%93 you can see `` other '' has a gradient from about 4 % in the northern regions and scotland to 8 % in the southern regions , with a jump to over 25 % in london . 
  it seems to correlate loosely with british and against english/welsh/scottish . 
  i think it would take much more than us leaving for the eurozone states to abandon ship , but the non-eurozone states might be more likely to be tempted if we turned out to be fine . 
  you did n't do british india and the slave trade ? 
  we had a whole term on each , but that was it for the empire . 
  the best source fullfact can find suggests there may be [ at least 85 sharia organisations in the uk ] ( https://fullfact.org/law/uks-sharia-courts/ ) . 
  whether they are truly voluntary is contested , though most fears are reported to be unfounded . 
  nobody joined in because the eu is just 28 countries looking out for their own interests . 
  if you want another country to do something you have to make it their problem too . 
  it 's why your dire economic situation is ignored when you do n't look like you might collapse and damage the eurozone . 
   and what are you basing this on ? 
  french nuclear weapons ? 
  stable french and german democracy ? 
  germany not having a big enough army ? 
  us security guarantees ? 
  defensive treaties through nato ? 
  take your pick . 
  the hard left self-flagellate and the hard right deny , but most people do n't know much about it either way . 
   i think it 's because the british empire was probably one of the better empires in history when it came to human rights . 
  how are you measuring that ? 
  you are free to call it that in the same way british people sometimes call ireland `` the republic of ireland '' , `` southern ireland '' or `` eire '' , but really it is up to them what they are known as . 
  we manage to get by with people referring to our western neighbour as ireland , despite that name implying dublin 's ownership of the entire island , including northern ireland . 
   and then you need to set up regulatory bodies that need to pass common legislation what body passes cta or nafta legislation ? 
  as far as i am aware they are managed through co-operation between the british and irish parliaments for the former , and the us , canadian and mexican ones for the latter . 
  i think the relationships between neighbours in the americas are pleasant enough for all involved , so i do n't see why the same could not be true for post-eu member states . 
  we could even set up a new nafta and some common travel area style zones . 
  not without breaking some `` sacred '' principles . 
  scrap the lisbon treaty , allow more measures to reduce migration and move to a more multi-national rather than a supra-national organisation . 
  currently the best reason i can see for staying is to stop us ending up with a united states of europe on our doorstep . 
  from that quote , he appears to be open to them seceding , rather than threatening an invasion . 
   damn germany is literally hitler . 
  well we all know that juncker alone holds germany back from annexing poland again . 
  if you do n't believe me , just visit some war graves . 
   `` every word of the president of the commission or of the commission about the uk has contradictory effects . '' he 's got one thing right , at least . 
  / u/pope _ francis has been banned from / r/europe, 
  that 's true , i had n't thought of that . 
  when speaking english it 's probably going to be our one . 
  wikipedia lists 17 realms with a queen , and it 's elizabeth ii for 16 of them . 
   how is france lying ? 
  the french interior minister has previously explained why it would n't be in france 's interest to change the current treaties , and said they had no plans to do so . 
   speaking in october , mr cazeneuve said : `` calling for the border with the english to be opened is not a responsible solution . 
   `` it would send a signal to people smugglers and would lead migrants to flow to calais in far greater numbers . 
  a humanitarian disaster would ensue . 
  it is a foolhardy path , and one the government will not pursue . '', 
   a source at france 's interior ministry confirmed that his statement remains the official position and that there are `` no plans '' to reform the agreement, 
  i read the article , the actual quote sounds similar :  `` ukraine will definitely not be able to become a member of the eu in the next 20-25 years , and not of nato either . '', 
  it reads as if he was announcing his decision , rather than making a prediction . 
  given your geography i 'd have thought you 'd have skimped on your army , rather than your navy - or is it both ? 
  the calculations are different depending on where you start from . 
  i 'd still personally pick being a new zealand over a florida . 
  why would citizens in western europe want to transfer 10 % of gdp each year to a foreign country , like rich us states have to ? 
  any party proposing that would be destroyed in the next election . 
   most terrorist attacks in along time were committed by people who were born in the country that they attacked . 
  ideologies are often transmitted from one generation to the next - most people of a religion have parents of the same religion . 
  if migration had been lower in the past , there would be fewer islamists in the west at the moment . 
  you may feel that the negatives are outweighed by the benefits of migration , but some people disagree with you . 
   typically british : `` fuck them for trying to have a better life ! '', 
  i did n't give an opinion on what should be done , just pointed out that there is no war in western turkey that people need to flee from . 
   they are just looking for a live away from multiple major powers inflicting war in their region . 
  they get that when they reach the next safe country , not when they cross the aegean . 
  i doubt germans are keen to measure how `` mongolian '' people look , and you ca n't prove what faith someone is . 
   the lords is there to stop the government being an elected dictatorship no it is n't , the government could completely abolish the lords if it decided to . 
  yes , though those are only `` co-official '' . 
  i do n't think that is how it works - every state gets to put forward one official language . 
  as greece has greek , i ca n't see the issue with cyprus having turkish . 
  ireland has irish , despite it only being used by < 2 % of the population outside of the education system . 
  i do n't think i want a single ip law because there 's a risk we will all get stuck with a restrictive one . 
  having every country forced to be the same makes it impossible for states to try innovative policies in order to compete with each other . 
  we also do n't have regular national ids in the uk , iceland or denmark ( and there is strong opposition to introducing one here ) so i do n't think an eu-wide eid is possible . 
  it 's not part of greece that would be cut off but the entire country . 
  it 's not easy ; in the uk seem only one group of migrants are spread out like that - poles . 
  i guess the west is much more scared of russia invading the baltics than of greece being swamped by migrants . 
  it is worth remembering that the respondents are self-selected , as they 've based this on all yougov profiles rather than a representative sample . 
  that is true , though i 'm not sure why we are talking prosyletisation - the cartoon was anti-religion , not pro-anything else . 
  i think the argument is that it 's easier to hire lots of cheap employees to sit there identifying whether an image has nipples than whether speech counts as hate speech . 
  i do n't think so , as it would imply stopping movement rather than killing . 
  the guy left a cartoon behind , he did n't harass or threaten anyone . 
  proselytisation * is * a protected right :  the first amendments to the constitutions of united states and india , the european union charter of human rights and the canadian charter of rights and freedoms provide that all people have :  - the right to have religious beliefs ( or to not have religious beliefs ) ( freedom of religion ) ;  - the right to form organizations for the purpose of worship , as well as for promoting their cause ( freedom of association ) ; and  - ** the right to speak to others about their convictions , with the purpose of influencing the others . 
  ** ( freedom of speech ) . 
  the guy was found guilty of committing hate speech , not arrested for trespassing or kicked out of a building because someone did n't want to give him a platform . 
  the latter two would have been fine , but they are not relevant because you just invented them . 
  the equivalent would be `` stop judaism '' , which probably would be different to `` kill the jews '' , though it would be for the judge to decide whether the intent was to oppose the religion or to harm jewish people . 
  nasty placards and anti-religious cartoons should n't be illegal so long as they do n't call for violence . 
  insult , debate and criticise the people doing that stuff if you want , do n't arrest them - the government should be protecting people from violence , not hurt feelings . 
  you started by saying only `` kill the jews '' would count as hate speech , then said the nasty evangelist placard should too .
