  the eu does n't define what is or is n't europe . 
  french guyana , for instance , is part of the eu , but will never be a part of europe . 
  it was either have one big one or have ten smaller ones on the front page, 
  those funds were n't free , they came with their own conditions ( such as opening up national markets to competition with more efficient western firms ) . 
  you ca n't use that to blackmail them into adopting german asylum policy . 
  if greece wants to govern itself , it should leave the eurozone and possibly the eu too . 
  it 's greece 's democratic choice to be part of a system that cares more about rules than greek elections . 
  you ca n't vote for other countries to give you more money , that 's not how democracy works . 
  i doubt it , russia does n't exactly have much to offer - the eu is much closer , with a gdp eight times larger . 
  if the eu wanted to trade aid for refugees , they should have included that in the treaties being signed when those countries were joining the eu . 
  the problem is basically that everyone wants fewer migrants , so it is n't surprising that a solution in which some countries end up taking more of them is n't going to get the support of said countries . 
  part of it may be that people ca n't create a constantly updated thread of their own as the mod 's one is the only one allowed . 
  another may be that the mod 's thread is n't titled in english . 
  it seems she is :  [ marine le pen seeks to establish a moratorium on legal immigration . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_le_pen#legal_immigration ), 
   the uk is not needed and largely not wanted in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure the eu would look so important if it lost a sixth of its gdp , one of its two nuclear powers and un security members , its top military spender , the # 2 ranked global financial centre and so on . 
  it seems to work in switzerland . 
  we do n't have a written one , which is n't far off . 
  given parliament has no limits on its power i 'm not sure we 'd gain much from writing that down . 
  nsa and gchq do n't really need to spy on each other , in some ways they operate as one entity to avoid domestic spying laws . 
  they spy on the entire world together , along with the spy agencies of canada , australia and new zealand . 
  france spies on the usa , they just have n't been caught recently . 
  you could stop immigration from certain areas without treating your current citizens any differently . 
  i 'm not sure that their goal is increased surveillance - the quran does n't have much to say on data mining . 
  we were hawks on sanctions ; if we left it 'd be the eu that 'd be more likely to be soft on russia than the uk . 
  just keep the minimum mep cap at 25 . 
  the current system would n't allow a group of 421 meps from the six biggest countries ( 56 % of the total , representing all of the vote from ~ 350 million people ) but would allow 25 meps from the seven smallest countries ( 3 % of the total , representing under half the vote from ~ 10 million people ), 
  yes ; i think they should do away with the rule that requires seven countries to be members of a group in order for it to get funding . 
  the eu provides a fair amount , amusingly enough . 
  looking at crime rates broken down by ethnicity ? 
  he said it would n't weaken europe , you are arguing it would weaken the eu . 
  you can both be right , the two are not analogous . 
   if anything , europe should unite more if you want to have a voice in the future . 
  do you think the netherlands has a bigger or smaller voice than texas in the world today ? 
  how about sweden or ohio ? 
  the government generally write her speeches , this may have been a reference to greece or ukraine rather than the uk/eu situation . 
  alternatively , they may have wanted to please merkel because they see her as key to getting what they want from the eu . 
  it varies . 
  some people think it looks rebellious , others think it is disgusting . 
  strict laws on advertising , heavy taxes and educational programmes are slowly driving it out , but e-cigarettes are on the rise in its place . 
  i think the battle is between sufism and salafism within sunni islam , rather than between sunnis and sufis . 
  the west favours sufis as they are seen as less puritanical and easier to integrate/more tolerant . 
  the greek budget has been in a huge deficit since well before the crash - [ over 5 % of gdp between entering the euro and 2007 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-budget ) , despite that being a boom period and [ greece being the biggest net recipient of eu funds , both in absolute terms and per person ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start ) . 
  what was the plan for the next recession , when spending inevitably goes up and revenue goes down ? 
   saving a single life is more important than my political standing unless he 's going to hack italian public services to the bone to fund economic development and healthcare in sub-saharan africa , he 's lying . 
  the creditors do n't really have to do anything other than put a deal on offer that is more attractive to greeks than a default and probable expulsion from the eurozone . 
  it 's not like greece has any alternative . 
  it would always be possible to cut other things , as pensions are never going to be the majority of the budget , but those other things may be judged to be more important to greece in the long term than maintaining the current pension structure . 
  it 'd destroy relations with anyone committed to the `` european project '' , but there are many people who are strongly opposed to any more eastern expansion . 
   the government of greece has responsibilities to honour the arrangement . 
  the greek government also have arrangements with other groups to return the money greece borrowed to pay those pensions in the first place . 
  the imf is the `` good guy '' from greece 's pov - they are telling the ez they need to write off greek debt . 
   [ greece is so far off course on its $ 172bn bailout programme that it faces losing vital international monetary fund support unless european lenders write off significant amounts of its sovereign debt , the fund has warned athens ' eurozone creditors . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72b8d2ae-f275-11e4-b914-00144feab7de.html#axzz3dumci7t6 ) the problem is that eurozone electorates do not want to transfer more money to greece , yet that is probably what is necessary for greece to remain in the eurozone . 
  greece seems to have been offered the best deal the creditors will accept , if that is n't good enough then greece should reject it and default . 
  you ca n't expect to force your creditors to negotiate a deal past what they are willing to accept . 
   british euphiles : blame greece i ca n't imagine the guardian and co blaming greece rather than germany/the eu . 
  it is possible that maintaining their current programme becomes `` political '' if it is clear the conditions under which it is meant to operate are not met . 
  you are right ; the eu owes us nothing just because of our election . 
  we do have more leverage than just an exit though - each member state has a veto over lots of areas . 
  it 'd badly damage relations , but in theory we could probably threaten to veto all sorts of things if we did n't get our way - such as any further eu expansion . 
  it probably does have to be pensions , they are such a huge expense that the alternatives alone are unlikely to be credible solutions . 
  greece was spending too much when their economy was $ 340b , now their economy is $ 240b . 
  i do n't think there is an alternative to gigantic cuts , unless you can find a country willing to pay for greek public services . 
  spain looks like it should pull through , but greece looks like it is doomed . 
  i found the source :  [ to remove the effect of differences in price levels between the countries , special conversion rates called purchasing power parities ( ppps ) are applied . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/wages_and_labour_costs ), 
  maybe they account for the services you get from those taxes . 
  if you pay $ 1000 more tax but get $ 1200 worth of healthcare in return , you are better off than someone who gets $ 1100 more than you after tax but no healthcare coverage . 
  net does mean after tax here , but that does n't really explain it - our taxes are much higher than those in the usa . 
  for the figures to be meaningful they would need to account for things like the fact our taxes provide us with almost all of our healthcare , whereas that is not the case in many other countries . 
  as our healthcare is very cost-effective and fairly cheap , that might help our numbers a bit . 
  i 'm very surprised to see the uk thousands of $ ahead of the usa , ireland , germany and france on so many measures . 
  i thought the gap was in the other direction . 
  sure , but that does n't explain why russia is [ signing treaties integrating their economies and security forces into russia itself . 
  ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/3/18/putin-signs-treaty-integrating-south-ossetia-into-russia.html ), 
  russia does n't need a green light to disrespect sovereignty , they have already been doing so in georgia , moldova and ukraine for quite a while . 
  fair enough . 
  i can sort of see why - russia are near enough to be terrifying ( remember the submarine next to stockholm ? 
  ) , but far enough to make an actual invasion unlikely . 
  i think we 're still meeting our 2 % target , though it 's cutting it pretty fine . 
  at a guess , the ~ 50 % who are worried about russia but are n't in favour of joining nato ? 
  i think that depends on the skills the immigrants have - it 's not like there are n't 460,000 unemployed romanians to do whatever jobs an unskilled migrant might . 
  of course , i should have said four states - otherwise we 'd be on our way to becoming a set of russian dolls , with countries in a country in a country . 
  they do n't have the military power to enforce their authority over half of their own country , i doubt they will pick a fight with anyone else . 
   $ 20bn would be coming from the structural - , and $ 15bn from the agricultural funds from the 2014-2020 budget . 
  would n't this money be given to greece anyway then ? 
  ^ ( it was a joke ), 
   all i can say is that i perceive a pretty strong kinship between people from all over europe . 
  is that a european identity you are feeling , or a western one ? 
  i do n't believe many people in western europe feel more strongly for people in chechnya than those in new zealand . 
  why do you care so much about being part of a country with global relevance ? 
  if we truly wanted that we could just apply to be the 51st state . 
  sovereignty is not of the country , but relevance is ? 
  she 'd speak in favour of anything that would increase the likelihood of scottish independence . 
  polling shows scots do n't have a significantly different opinion on the eu to anyone else in the uk . 
  if he thinks his campaigning is enough to determine the outcome either way , i think he 'd campaign to stay in , but i think he 'd campaign for out if he thought it would win regardless . 
  losing such an important referendum would end his career . 
  iceland went into default in 2008 , they currently have an investment-grade credit rating and the same interest rate on their 10 year bonds as they did 10 years ago - lower than turkey , india , brazil or russia ; all of whom can still borrow money when they need to .
