  which eu parties voted for this ? 
  no reporting on the eu ever seems to mention which parties supported or opposed the relevant law , and i ca n't find anything on google . 
  it 's hard to hold meps to account at the ballot box if you have no idea what they vote for . 
  no need , we thankfully all have vetoes . 
  immigration , two nearby civil wars , islam , human rights and cyprus are probably all enough to make it a difficult process on their own ; combined they make it close to impossible any time soon . 
  that would require them to illegally enter europe in the first place , which is what everyone wants to avoid - either to reduce the numbers or to reduce the deaths caused by the journey . 
  no , my idea is not viable . 
  the numbers any country is willing to accommodate fall massively short of meeting the demand . 
  whilst we should try to keep the mediterranean from being used , it will only push people into taking different routes , and will not stop them trying ( and dying ) . 
  if the alternative to taking them to europe legally is them dying to get here illegally , then how else can they be saved ? 
  i 'd personally like a system that is able to return all boats to the country whose national waters they last left . 
  that way no migrants cross and no migrants drown . 
  if any eu countries want to grant refuge they can do so from their embassies . 
  altruism can be advantageous , and when it is we do it ( making it selfish ) . 
  when it is n't , we do n't . 
  you may give a homeless man money in the street , but you do not let him sleep on your sofa . 
  you are selfish , like everyone else . 
  saving every life that we can is not an option that anybody is proposing . 
  that would be us providing a safe and legal way for everyone who wants to to move to europe . 
  if we really cared , we 'd be giving out free plane tickets . 
  as a society , we by and large do n't care . 
  it is not in our nature to do so . 
  we all act in what we believe to be our own self interest . 
  you , for instance , do not live a life free of luxury in order to devote all of your resources to charity . 
  it 's why our four billion years of ancestors left their genes behind , and not their selfless competitors . 
  surely the ingredients and practice by which the wine is made determines what you are getting more than the geographic location in which it is produced ? 
  expensive public ( private ) school people dominating is the the problem , not oxbridge graduates . 
  public schools entry is primarily based on how wealthy your parents are , oxbridge entry is primarily based on your exam results . 
  it makes them hypocrites , but that does n't invalidate their argument . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i had n't seen the second used as a flair . 
  do n't blame germany for enforcing the rules that you all signed up to . 
  countries that wanted to be able to ignore the rules should have opted out , like we did . 
  it is likely they would let them in , but slowly and painfully to try and scare the basques . 
  it 'd be a very powerful tool to extract concessions from catalonia . 
  keeping them out permanently would hurt the rest of spain too much , both economically and diplomatically . 
  differently named sub-national units are not much different in practice , be they states , provinces or countries . 
  the real determinant is whether the sovereign state is unitary or federal . 
  westminster could in theory abolish scotland with one vote , whereas washingon dc could n't do the same to texas . 
  i do n't think they bribe them , it is much more subtle ( and legal ) than that . 
  a few dinners here , a couple of free advisers there , a sponsored conference platform , a discrete offer of a job when you retire ... 
  i think the conventional militaries of nato are what keeps russia at bay , not the british/american/french nukes . 
  i very much doubt they 'd be fired even if , say , alaska , corsica and wales were invaded . 
  the potential downside ( end of civilisation ) is so much greater than even subjugation . 
  the only real purpose of nukes is to make the enemy think they will end the world if they nuke you . 
  what flag was counted as northern ireland ? 
  i did n't think they had one , bar the controversial ulster one . 
  in fairness , their opponents were the patriots . 
  i think both sides picked a name that made them look good . 
  probably a mixture , just like there were in america . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loyalist_ ( american_revolution ), 
  enforcement of the rules will boost the national front , non-enforcement will destroy their credibility , as france has already had an extension . 
  i 'm glad we opted out . 
  constitutional change does not create a new country . 
  germany has been around since 1871 , in the same way that france has existed since 843 , rather than 1958 when it became the fifth republic . 
  they are generally old people who think things were better when they were younger , so whilst this is minor it would fit with their world-view . 
  did the uk lose the [ court challenge ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/10957871/ecb-and-uk-clash-over-euro-clearing-house-ban.html ) against banning euro trading outside of the eurozone then ? 
  i ca n't find any news on the result of that . 
  it would seem to go against the whole idea of a single market to me . 
  london massively dominates foreign exchange trading within the eu , so it will be nice for us at least . 
  we are cutting the police , but there is a need for quite a few extra in northern ireland in case there are any more [ troubles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) . 
  it actually rains more often in [ sydney ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_of_sydney#precipitation ) than in dublin , 143 days a year versus 128 . 
  it 's a [ grey area ] ( http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/p_to_r/rape_and_sexual_offences/consent/ ) with drink , legally if not morally . 
  the defendant needs to have a reasonable belief in consent , but `` where a complainant had voluntarily consumed substantial quantities of alcohol , but nevertheless remained capable of choosing whether to have intercourse , and agreed to do so , that would not be rape '' . 
  london is good most of the year - we actually get fairly little rain , despite the stereotype - we 're drier than rome or sydney . 
  winter is the worst as it can get dark by 4pm , and if it snows it can shut everything down . 
  summer is probably the best time , as it 's generally nice and warm and you get sunlight until after 9pm . 
  it 's not so much the volume of rain as the frequency . 
  in dublin , one of the driest bits of ireland , it rains on average [ 9 days a month in the summer , and 12 days a month in the winter . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin#climate ) . 
  typically , yeah . 
  you 'd probably have to go via naturalisation then - live in another eu country for 5-7 years . 
  russia 's neighbours do not get to set russian foreign policy , why should russia get to set theirs ? 
  generally a grandparent 's or parent 's birth certificate . 
  do you have any non-british ancestry ? 
  lots of countries offer citizenship by descent . 
  that is not what happened . 
  irish people were treated very badly for centuries . 
  if i was in a country with expensive tariffs could i get a contract from a cheaper country and save money that way ? 
  i 'd imagine it is cheaper for the company to provide coverage in the high population density netherlands than in low population density finland , for instance . 
  it 's the uk , not england . 
  england has n't had its own military since 1707 . 
  i think we are right in doing so - lots of european countries are pacifists , many are neutral , others skimp on their defence budgets and we have territorial disputes with a couple . 
  donetsk and luhansk are not majority ethnically russian , though crimea is . 
  they are primarily russian speaking but the [ majority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_ukraine#mediaviewer/file:russians_ukraine_2001.png ) are ethnically ukrainian . 
  definitely - some pigs were given pardons , one pig and donkey won on appeal , one donkey was found innocent as they were a victim of violence and had a good character witness , and some rats had a lawyer who got them off on a technicality . 
  some weevils appear to have been granted land as a compromise settlement , but their lawyer pushed for a better deal as the land was not good enough . 
  i disagree - they would n't want refugees !, 
  those statistics do not seem to exist . 
  the ones i can find show german electricity to be some of the most expensive in the world . 
  you can see the effect on eu country energy prices [ here ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/energy_price_statistics#electricity_prices_for_household_consumers ) . 
  denmark and germany pay the most because they have to subsidise all those unreliable solar farms and wind turbines , yet still maintain fossil fuel plants for when it is cold or windless . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad idea , just that i 'm glad i am not the one paying for it . 
  that 's likely why electricity [ costs ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25200808 ) more than twice as much in berlin as in paris . 
  personally i think they would help the small countries in nato . 
  what better way to win support amongst their target demographic than jingoism ? 
  ukip are very pro-nato and pro-military , they want 40 % more spending on defence and several new aircraft carriers . 
  i do n't think they would be soft on russia if it bothered nato members , but they would n't help non-nato countries like ukraine or finland . 
  personally i thought europhiles wanted more eu ( lib dems ) , eurosceptics wanted less ( conservatives ) and europhobes wanted none ( ukip ) . 
  we hate immigration .
