  most countries are n't rolling in money ; if they 're guarding jewish schools and temples it 's because they think it 's necessary . 
  the blunt answer is that there are too many brown people in western europe for that to be a significant risk factor . 
  how many migrants are being tortured to death in turkey ? 
  half of europe is already in 14eyes , i guess we just need a 35eyes or something . 
  100 years ago you would have said that the future was ever larger empires - but just compare a map of then with one of today . 
  trends do not have to continue indefinitely , and the fact they were trends in the past does not make them the correct solution for the future . 
   should belgium and france offer partial autonomy or partial sharia rule ? 
  i think thatcher said something along those lines as her reason to oppose certain outcomes in northern ireland :  [ '' ... if these things were done , the next question would be what comes next ? 
  were the sikhs in southall to be allowed to fly their own flag ? 
  '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/margaret-thatcher/11313712/margaret-thatchers-secret-fears-in-wake-of-southalls-riots.html ) it 's an interesting thought . 
  there are a lot of polls , allowing them all would get quite repetitive . 
  the trend is quite interesting though - the betting odds offering on a brexit jumped significantly today . 
   do n't let a single muslim settle into our country without huge pre-screening let us know when you develop screening for unborn offspring . 
  it 's not used for imperialistic reasons - but because that is what they are called , and there is no other name . 
  the logical reason is that we are naming a group of islands after the biggest one . 
  it should n't be any more controversial than using the term `` irish sea '' . 
  it is n't controversial outside of ireland . 
  if you want to avoid names implying ownership of other countries , feel free to rename ireland to something that does n't imply ownership of belfast . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles http://www.britannica.com/place/british-isles https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/blog/2011/08/whats-the-difference-between-uk-britain-and-british-isles/, 
  this is average selling price , rather than the actual average price , which is `` only '' about # 200,000 . 
   the government should impose annual limits on uk immigration from the eu . 
   support 73 % oppose 12 % if leave can convert this into votes , they 'll win by a landslide . 
  no , in the eu that is francesca mogherini 's job ( `` high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy '' ) . 
  not a good example - the article gives an alternate name as `` the barbarian invasions '' . 
  there 's gue/ngl , which is mostly anti-eu and made up of groups including many communist parties . 
  i never said i wanted to do that . 
  they do n't make the housing market hell ; there are too few of them to make much of a difference outside the very centre . 
  it 's the hundreds of thousands of extra people a year that make the real difference . 
  why would we call them immigrants ? 
  that would make no sense - they 've moved from here , not to here . 
  the equivalent word would be emigrant . 
  we would need to change to taxing revenue rather than profit then . 
  that depends on what you think the alternative was . 
  if you think it was more spending , leading to more growth and employment then obviously not . 
  if you think it was more spending leading to a national default , banking collapse and the end of the euro then probably . 
  if netflix thought they could make money from them they would be showing them already . 
  by making things people want to watch ? 
  / u/trigger _ warnings is still right . 
  the reason businesses are only offering crap temporary jobs is because permanent ones come would come with too much red tape !, 
  the idiotic member states should n't have given the eu the ability to do that in the first place . 
  the best way to have the far right lose popularity is to make them govern . 
  the next eu treaty needs to start rolling back some of these powers . 
  the eu government , and the french government . 
  it 's more that the opinion of the c of e and making provisions for christians is weighted more heavily when more people claim to belong to them . 
  there are two governments of france - and the one that controls currency , labour movement , deficit limits , state aid , tariffs and so on is let by the centre-right . 
   if they come to power , that 's not likely in finland - they have pr , so it would be a coalition at most . 
  i think as a whole we want from brussels is for it to be partially dismantled . 
  we are already the only eu country with no meps from the epp . 
  thanks to mad , nukes are reserved for very special occasions ( ideally never ) . 
  aircraft carriers can blow people up without ending the world . 
  i hate smoking and dislike smokers , but they should be allowed to kill themselves with regular * or * menthol cigarettes if they want to . 
  smokers are apparently moderately profitable here - lots of taxes and short retirements . 
  i do n't think we should do that either . 
  let consumers consume what they want to consume ; do n't hurt them to pamper domestic interests . 
  i do n't think we have those obligations , it would be unfair to apply that to netflix . 
  let people watch what they want to watch . 
  relative poverty here fell for a while after the crisis , because shares dropped faster than wages , which in turn dropped faster than benefits . 
  nobody was actually any better off though . 
  reducing migration ( demand ) would likely make some housing more affordable . 
  he wants a united ireland too . 
  he seems to favour most some of the most controversially anti-british stances , which is fairly bizarre when you want them to vote you as their leader . 
  in practice yes , but in theory they are free to do whatever they want . 
  that would trigger a referendum in the uk , which would almost certainly fail . 
  it depends on whether that would lead to poland getting netflix uk or the uk getting netflix poland . 
  it 's a name for [ a glaswegian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5xyeckonu8 ) . 
  how can we know if libya was a mistake ? 
  we ca n't rerun it to see whether leaving it alone would have given us a peaceful dictatorship or another syria . 
   the message is n't being relayed back to their home countries that life is tough . 
  the thing is , it 's not that tough compared to much of africa . 
   what happened to the seumas milnes and decries of american provocation ? 
  that stalinist is now top advisor to the leader of the opposition . 
  send help !, 
  i 'm not worried , and i 'm all for it going ahead - i was just explaining why russia might have a legitimate reason not to be happy . 
  i think one valid reason to dislike missile defences is that they might end mad , which is the main thing stopping a nuclear war . 
  russian propaganda mainly seems to appeal to the far-right and far-left , who will side with anyone that supports their dislike of the current situation . 
  we have an `` energy & climate change '' department too . 
   not a lot of immigrants in their backyard maybe working for them as cheap plumbers , nannies , cleaners or builders . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's not unfair to make the link :  witnesses said the knifeman shouted `` allahu akbar '' as he targeted commuters , which means `` god is great '' in arabic . 
  that 's because the people with the power to carry out a smooth transition do n't want that to happen , so will refuse to tell us how it would n't actually be apocalyptic . 
  i 'd think the vast majority of people know the rough dates of wwi and wwii . 
  the former is covered in depth every november for remembrance day , whilst the latter seems to be covered every other year at school . 
  recognising either of those is enough to give you the idea of what he is getting at . 
  cameron wanted to win the general election , so he felt he had to offer a referendum . 
  his party would have split if he had n't . 
  even pro-eu papers are already running with `` cameron : brexit will cause wwiii '' !, 
  is that what has made him resign ? 
  the article suggests it was closing the borders , which made his party dislike him . 
  giving power to the eu would have given us open borders and yearly refugee quotas . 
  the national solution of building fences seems to have given more people what they wanted . 
  i was thinking that not including companies based in ireland for tax purposes might make the figures more relevant to actual irish people . 
  if that is the case , why are the creditors asking for them ? 
  i do n't think they are particularly keen to lose more money . 
  gdp per capita does n't mean that much to ordinary people though . 
  annual net earnings or gni ( ppp ) put ireland at roughly the same level as the uk and germany . 
  that should be done through a multinational agency ( like 14 eyes ) , not a supranational one . 
  if it had stable , democratic neighbours , a comparable average wage and no trace of islamism then i would n't have an issue . 
   why would south tyrol even vote to join austria ? 
  i do n't know , but if they want to then it should be up to them . 
  a wave of migrants before the referendum could be quite damaging for the eu .
