   it 's not a problem , usually they have a contract with a company that handles the bureaucracy . 
  that is still a problem - that company is an additional cost . 
  i like those things , but they need to be legislated for in an effective way to maximise the benefits and minimise the disincentives to hire people . 
  it is possible , as we are able to have all of those things here without causing such a huge problem with short term contracts . 
  for companies to choose to administer huge numbers of very short term contracts suggests there must be significant problems with long-term ones for them to be worse . 
  i ca n't see many people from the uk having an issue with its objectivity either . 
  yep - [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgywifmrdsa#t=11 ) 's a video . 
  the figure was -1.9 % for the quarter but -3.1 % when temperature adjusted , to save anyone the trouble of searching the pdf . 
  fair enough . 
  i think americans pronounce it `` skwerl '' . 
  what 's so hard about squirrel ? 
  it 's just the first half of squint , and the second half rhymes with bull . 
  i think they 'd stick with the `` once in a generation '' defence and try to wait out the immediate aftermath of eu exit . 
  if brexit turned out alright then those in favour of sticking with the uk might even be able to win a scottish referendum . 
  no , bretagne is brittany in english . 
  wikipedia says it is sometimes also known as '' [ less , lesser or little britain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brittany ) '' , though i 've never heard it called that . 
  you signed up to following eu migration policy , do n't blame us for your lack of opt-out . 
    and drawing mohammed is not an attack against muslims . 
   do n't give me this . 
  obviously it 's an attack on muslims . 
  you said that drawing muhammed is an attack on muslims , but in some circumstances it might not be . 
  in the uk at least , the difference is that the former is a choice , whilst the latter two are ethnicities . 
   murder attempts not just attempts , i think [ the notable anti-islam politician ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=pim_fortuyn ) before him was actually murdered . 
  they can be , but `` hate speech '' is a stupid crime . 
  if it is n't inciting or threatening violence it should be allowed , however hateful . 
  islam bans its adherents from drawing mohammed , not non-believers . 
  i would n't have thought there was significant illegal immigrant traffic from the uk - especially with the benefit of the english language , the added difficulty that comes with border controls and us being an island , and the uk having the second lowest unemployment rate in the eu after germany . 
  they would probably ask to , but the scottish parliament does not have the power to call one without westminster 's permission . 
  central ? 
  we 're north-west europe , along with iceland , ireland and norway at a minimum . 
  britain and great britain are both fine for the name of our island . 
  great britain was also the name of the country that existed between the 1707 act of union between england and scotland and the 1801 act of union with ireland . 
   [ great britain , also known as britain / \u02c8br\u026a.t\u0259n / , is an island in the north atlantic off the north-west coast of continental europe . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=great_britain ), 
  let the countries in favour take their share , any countries against can change their mind later if they want to . 
  that way every country gets what they want . 
  i wonder if they will let him - in the uk the bbc published guidelines [ banning images of muhammed ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/steerpike/2015/01/is-the-bbc-reconsidering-its-restrictions-on-depicting-mohammed/ ) until there was an outcry . 
  taking guns away now may not be a solution for this point in time , but it could be a solution for the future . 
  is it a reaction to particularly generous pro-immigration policies in the past ? 
  if you do n't want other countries to interfere with your democracy , do n't share a currency with them . 
  if it was n't ukip being catered to it would be dansk folkepartei or the finns or some other popular eurosceptic equivalent in another eu country . 
  do n't imagine that if we left there would be no remaining opposition to eu federalisation . 
  from denmark :  [ in what many saw as a concession to the dpp , the four parties of the rightwing bloc -- liberals , dpp , conservatives and liberal alliance -- last week announced their joint support for cameron 's bid to renegotiate the terms of britain 's eu membership of the eu , in particular with regard to welfare benefits for eu migrants . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/19/denmark-swings-right-centre-left-coalition-faces-defeat ), 
  is that 90/179 for the right of centre versus 85/179 for the left of centre then ? 
   an extra-parliamentary cartell with the explicit aim of preserving their parties role in running the country is n't that what every coalition government is ? 
  from what i can see they 've effectively formed an anti-sd coalition , making sd the only opposition . 
  i would n't say that amounts to abolishing democracy - though it is quite undemocratic , and effectively makes the swedish democrats the only opposition to the government . 
  yes , but we do n't get to choose how many of them we accept . 
  of course it does n't , but if you do n't have enough money you do n't really have a choice . 
  if i thought he was perfectly safe in damascus i would have said so in the first place . 
  he * was * safe in jordan , just as he was safe in france - his death was not europe 's fault . 
  for the eu . 
  if he wanted to divide europe he would be being nice , not hostile . 
  russia has been uniting people against it more than anything - just look at the tough sanctions that have been applied against them . 
  his death had nothing to do with europe 's immigration policy - he was safe in jordan before coming here . 
  this is all a plan to humiliate the greek people ? 
  why would anyone care enough to spend billions of euros doing that ? 
  i 've heard that the european court of human rights fines countries that do that ( $ 15,000 a head for italy , apparently ) , and i think you have to be in the echr to be in the eu . 
  if it 's any consolation , plenty of older english speakers cringe at those `` hip '' words as well . 
  i think the current rules mean if you leave one you have to leave the other , though what the rules say does n't seem to mean much in the eu . 
   20 000 refuges in 2 years for whole eu ? 
  no one can say that is to much , same as 737 for latvia . 
  this proposal would n't ban all other refugees outside of the 20,000 . 
  who 's anti-integration ? 
  the uk ? 
   but you have to understand their position . 
  there will be 135 km between st.petersburg and a possible american base . 
  russia has no more right to limit what happens in the baltic than the baltic states have to limit what happens in russia . 
  then do the pyrenees make iberia a continent ? 
  laxit and lixit could work , varying the vowel could also allow slovaxit and slovexit . 
   by scaring them away by appearing very very serious ? 
   or by sinking ships and murdering people that have no hostile intentions , and which contain some people who actually have asylum rights ? 
  presumably a third option is picking people up and returning them to the country they departed from . 
   the people are ready to stay in the eurozone no matter the measures that would suggest greece ca n't really hope to get much in any negotiation - you have no leverage . 
  why could n't they just buy a ferry ticket and cross like anyone else ? 
  you do n't need a passport to take a boat from britain to dublin , it 'd be the same with france if the uk was in schengen . 
  politically it would be impossible . 
  many countries do not want a transfer union , and fear that without the imf that is what their loans might become . 
  i think their belief is that greece will never cut its pensions unless forced , as it would be too damaging politically . 
  they might believe the other cuts they think are necessary will happen anyway , without having to barter for them . 
   but you are trying to sell a change . 
  it 'll be a change either way , the eu is n't going to abandon `` ever closer union '' any time soon . 
   also most papers with a large circulation tend to support the conservative party which makes think that there 's some shennanigans at play due to their not so unanimous grass roots support over 40 % of the readers of the sun , mail , express , times , financial times and telegraph voted conservative , with labour significantly behind . 
  i do n't think it is shenanigans that those papers backed the conservatives . 
  happier than we would be if you could travel freely from sicily to london . 
  our response to the slum camps in calais was to [ send them bigger fences . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/sep/07/nato-fences-summit-calais-illegal-immigrants ), 
  europe is where people say it is , it is a fairly arbitrary continent . 
  geographically there is no real reason to separate it from the rest of eurasia . 
  i do n't think any brutal or incompetent european government has yet managed to make a significant number of people prefer to live in an african country . 
  more so the for the countries without border controls with italy than those that have not joined schengen . 
   this is such a silly thing constantly repeated by / r/european regulars such as you . 
  they 're not `` moochers '' . 
  the article outright says that these people work in europe and then send their pay back home . 
  [ unless you are earning more than the bottom 60 % of people you are a net burden to the state in the uk ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-2215070/are-contributor-burden-nations-finances--squeezed-middle-increasingly-dependent-state.html ) . 
  i seriously doubt the average boat person from africa will ever fall into the top 40 % of earners . 
  the imf does n't offer debt relief on its debt , and does n't offer easier terms in the face of political pressure , and that is what hard-line countries like germany and the netherlands seem to want - not some fudged deal which will they might see as ez taxpayers funding greek deficits . 
   [ ( the hague ) - eurogroup chief jeroen dijsselbloem said friday that a bailout deal for cash-strapped greece without the imf 's involvement would be `` unimaginable '' . 
  ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/greece-economy-imf.11v5 )  [ without the international monetary fund , a deal is `` unimaginable because it needs to have proper content and if it has proper content , the imf will also participate , '' dijsselbloem told journalists in the hague , a day after the fund pulled its team out of talks with athens .
