  you failed to negotiate for the opt out in the first place . 
  we probably threatened to veto the relevant treaty if we did n't get one , you should have too . 
  we negotiated for these opt outs . 
  if your governments failed to do so , blame them , not us . 
  we do n't need to veto it , we have an opt out anyway . 
  you are an ethnic minority here , but as far as i am aware the law does n't come into it . 
  i do n't think we have specific laws that only apply to ethnic minorities or `` people of colour '' . 
  the rules are the rules . 
  maybe they have particularly tough bread in austria , because the stereotype here is your food lasts forever due to the use of too many preservatives . 
   to close the gap with the yes-europe vote , the no-europe vote would need an extra 30 % of `` closet euroskeptics '' , which is much much more . 
  the polls are very variable , as recently as february they showed a lead for people wanting to leave . 
  the only polls that always show a huge margin of victory for staying are those in which we get `` renegotiated terms '' , whatever that means . 
  we see the eu 's powers being to great for its democratic oversight as meaning it needs fewer powers , whereas many other countries see it as meaning we need more democratic oversight . 
  the news seemed to suggest that their invasion of georgia was much more of a struggle than it should have been , given the disparity in size . 
  whereas people in other european countries are ? 
  they have a very large army , but other than their nuclear weapons and special forces they are not that good . 
  i 'm fairly certain we would join a defensive war , primarily because it would win the governing party a massive landslide in the next election - assuming mad is still effective at deterring a full-on nuclear war . 
  it could be both - the person you are replying to may be the one getting pregnant . 
  i 'd imagine the difference between being in baden-wurttemberg versus vorpommern or hesse is nothing compared between latvia or bulgaria and denmark or the netherlands . 
  how would you ensure syrians stay in latvia and hungary when there are no borders to prevent them moving to germany and sweden ? 
  neither would the europe formerly known as eastern , the netherlands or luxembourg , i 'd imagine . 
  how would this measure be passed - qmv ? 
   all these ~ ~ rich ~ ~ countries saw the eu in an opportunistic way , as a profitable exercise . 
   so i guess we 'll soon have ` at will employment ' like in america . 
  has any politician mentioned this ? 
   unlike america , which unilaterally invades , destroys entire countries and topples democratically elected leaders and replaces them with us aligned dictators . 
  sometimes they do that , sometimes they replace brutal non-democratic rulers with better democratic ones , like after wwii or the genocides in the balkans or afghanistan . 
  they are , even as part of the uk - not that it means anything in practice . 
  they just are n't a sovereign state . 
   [ scotland is a country that is part of the united kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of great britain . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland ), 
  being in the echr does n't mean you have decent human rights , nor does leaving it mean you have worse ones . 
  new zealand and russia are good counter-examples to your claim . 
  we have to be in the echr whilst we are in the eu , do n't we ? 
  of course they could , but we will have to wait and see what they propose . 
  it 's not necessarily going to be bad . 
  they may just want to change the relative strengths of the rights . 
  the right to free expression or the right to family life could be made stronger ( or weaker ) versus the right to protection from discrimination , for instance - it might affect how we respond to a mother of five who wants to make abusive phone calls , for instance . 
  do we punish her ? 
  if so , to what extent ? 
  more accurate to say he will replace it , whilst keeping us within the echr . 
  yes , and when people get shot here we talk about gun politics . 
  it happened for jean charles de menezes , for mark duggan , for the dunblane massacre , for the black teenagers that keep getting shot and so on . 
  it does n't mean there needs to be a change , just that it is the most relevant time for people to talk about it . 
  i did n't say there was a problem - just that if you are going to mention gun politics , doing so after a gun murder is probably the most relevant time . 
  i 'm pretty sure gun politics are most relevant after people get killed with guns . 
  actions meant to show greece is compromising just give the rest of the eu the perception that they have n't been trying in the first place - be it not paying `` 14 months '' salary a year , a raise in retirement to 63 or whatever . 
  i 'm sure these stories are n't anything like they sound , but the perception that greece does n't deserve help is probably growing because of them . 
   cameron , osborne and bojo were all in the same class at school which class would that be ? 
  one is 48 , one is 43 and one is 50 . 
  is n't that just something labour made up ? 
  pr would help them massively . 
  56 seats is useless when someone has a majority , as we will probably see between now and 2020 . 
  30 seats is very useful when everyone is looking for some more . 
  he seems to be saying it is n't very modern at all , nothing more . 
  england does n't have a level of government between the local council and the central government , whilst belgium does , so it may be a little different . 
  this type of comment is why people primarily complain about eastern europeans - they do n't want to be labelled as hating `` horrible black and brown people '' . 
   [ `` as an illustration , if over the life of the next parliament we were to allow modest , sensible increases in spending - say half a per cent in real terms - then debt and the deficit would still be falling as a percentage of gdp but it would free up something like # 180bn to invest in infrastructure , innovation and growth in the economy . '' ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/election-2015/62491/sturgeon-s-180bn-splash-threatens-snp-labour-pact#ixzz3ztemjfqa ), 
  as you are an eu citizen you probably want a strong lib dem (  25 ) and weak ukip ( < 3 ) result , based on their respective views of the eu . 
  if you have a good job you probably want a strong conservative (  290 ) and weak labour ( < 270 ) party , but if you do n't , you probably want the opposite , based on labour liking redistribution and economic meddling whilst the conservatives dislike both . 
  if you are planning on leaving before the next election , you probably want a strong snp ( pro-eu ) making a coalition with labour . 
  if you are planning on staying , you probably do n't want the snp in government ( due to a possible backlash in england and wales ) . 
  it probably wo n't make a huge difference either way though , as nobody is on track to get a majority anyway , so they ( hopefully ? ), 
  wo n't be able to do much . 
  bookies have 2:1 on cameron and 2.1:1 on miliband , whilst academic forecasts favour a second placed labour being able to make a coalition . 
  it is very close !, 
  i did n't vote ukip , but everyone knows ukip wo n't be in government , so their actual positions are not going to be implemented . 
  ukip will just serve to push the other parties in certain directions depending on their vote . 
  the snp want another # 180 billion more spending , yet threatened to walk away from their share of the debt in the independence referendum . 
  that makes me nervous . 
  they have the wrong incentives !, 
  the snp ca n't back labour without at least * some * concessions , or it defeats the point of anyone voting for them in the future . 
  all you 'd be ensuring is the next government had no scottish ministers . 
  yes , which is why we are all so welcoming towards people from eastern europe . 
  rich ~ ~ arab ~ ~ anyone : come , come spend money . 
  poor ~ ~ arab ~ ~ anyone : get out . 
   while fellow europeans still ca n't move freely . 
  why should europeans come before anyone else ? 
  that assumes `` reform '' means moving everyone up to the best system , rather than down to the worst one , and `` no geo-blocking '' means making everything available to one country available to all , rather than making what is blocked for one country blocked for all . 
  it could be awful . 
  i think the issue is that whilst countries can compete on taxes , companies ca n't treat money made in ( say ) germany as if it was actually made in low-tax luxembourg , and luxembourg ca n't help companies pretend it was . 
  every country has a veto on eu tax changes , so that is a non-starter . 
   i was under the impression that winston churchill was a big proponent of a true united states of europe . 
  he was - but with us outside of it !, 
   great britain , the british commonwealth of nations , mighty america and i trust soviet russia - for : then indeed all would be well - must be the friends and sponsors of the new europe and must champion its right to live and shine . 
   we had proportionally fewer uk residents before / r/europe became a default . 
  that 's very weird , as it 's not actually a default in the uk ... 
  it could be seen pejorative by the welsh , scottish , northern irish , many english people and most americans , who are not actually anglo-saxon , or by people who fit the description but do n't believe in that model . 
  eurozone federalisation is needed , not eu federalisation . 
  some member states are not in a currency union . 
   labour have flat out stated they oppose a referendum not if there is a proposed transfer of powers , which there will be at some point . 
  the eu probably wo n't stop until it is one country . 
   the citizens have never been consulted about their interests in this particular field . 
  not even in the most general , broadest of strokes have the citizens given their governments a mandate to conduct espionage on the eu . 
  we live in a representative democracy , not a direct one . 
  the fact we have spying organisations is not a secret , and we do not vote for parties promising to abolish them , so in effect we do give consent . 
   they have outlived their usefulness for decades and are little more than parasitic , self-serving interest groups that are far more trouble than they 're worth . 
  as long as there are secrets , any other country has spies , or any other country has interests differing to our own , we will always have a use for spies . 
  if you are an eu country that has the ability to spy on the various eu bodies , you 'd be mad not to . 
  the interests of your citizens will not always align with those of the other eu member states .
